
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts. To start your free trial today.


Three couples, four vacations. A lot to unpack. Watch the Four Seasons, a new series starring our comedy favorites. Tina Fey, Steve Carrell, Coleman Domingo Will Forte and more in a hilarious and heartfelt love letter to long-term relationships. Based on the original Alan Alda film. Watch The Four Seasons Streaming now only on Netflix.


Shopping for a new home can be super exciting. It generally is, you know, you're, you're thinking about and dreaming about what that's gonna be, what that experience is gonna be. But also, you know, when you start to get into it, it can be a little bit overwhelming if you don't have the right resources, if you're not set up the right way. homes.com is home shopping the way it should be. It's more than a website. It's your partner in finding the perfect home. Get to know potential neighborhoods with homes dot com's, comprehensive neighborhood details. homes.com features the listing agent on each listing, so you can easily connect Plus agent directory and profiles. Offer a detailed look at each agent's experience so you can find, you know, your perfect match. It's just so helpful. Go to homes.com to learn more. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Guys. Breathe. Speed. Big in. Okay. Big out. Okay. Okay. Okay. Big in one more. Big in through the nose. Okay. Yeah. And out. Are you just Really get into your sits bones. Okay. Are you feeling a little bit relaxed, both of you guys? A little bit. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Let me just tell you this. I took some of the SmartLess money. I put it in Bitcoin. Wait, what? It's gonna be fine. Welcome to all new SmartLess. Smart, smart.


I'm at the office today, So I'm not, Wait. Whoa. But I've got a, I've got a new What office here doesn't have a fucking office. I have an office I've had for a couple years over here. You don't need to talk all calm, like it's no big deal. Let's talk about it. You're really impressed with offices. Yeah. Remember the one we had you never showed up in. Yeah. You know why? Because my dad spent 50 years working in an office and I'm an artist man. I'm not playing part of a bus. I'm not playing businessman. Oh, Are You? You go in and Are you storytelling? Are you working out how to story? Tell I'm an artist though. Okay. I'm an artist. Wait. Truly, truly, honestly. How long have you had this? I've never heard about this.


Couple Years. Do you want me to turn the camera on so you Can see? Wait, is this where the beast lives? Yeah. This is where the beast lives. Hang on. Who's, what's the beast? I guess we'll wait. Listener. Just wait. Will Foreman gotta Oh for No, He doesn't need to bring in. It's not show and tell. Oh, oh, oh, he's got the leather. He's got like the bachelor leather couch. We gotta forget how unused that meeting space is. Whatcha talking About jb? You Don't forget. I grew up in a serious world. You grew up, so now you're playing make belief Office manager. You're got a company and Yeah, but there's people in my office. You've got an empty meeting space. Dude, it doesn't matter. It's like, it's like those people who used to go like, we're gonna have all these platforms for content, so we're gonna create content.


Like, what's the content? You can have anybody can have a fucking office. Sean could have an office for Christ's sake. He Does this. He's talking to us from, oh, it's just off the kitchen though. Oh, By the way, this is true. Ricky's bed is there below his feet. Ricky's. Ricky's right There on the floor. It's hilarious. Hey, so how is everybody's night? Everybody? Everybody's so listeners. We just, or listener. Sorry. I was a little ambitious there. I know. God, What are you doing? We, we had, we had dinner again. Our Sunday dinner we haven't had Oh yeah. How long had it been? How long it been? That was nice. Months.


Months. Yeah. Like two or three months. Yeah. That, that was fun. It was good to see everybody. It was really good. It was really good. It was really good to see Danny Dees. Yeah. The great Dan Dees. He's the best, the great. I love him. And Don, I'm glad that and Don that he and Don have are part of our regular crew now. That's really, it's nice. It's nice. Oh, Rudy, Did everybody sleep okay today? Yeah. We're, we're a little Tay. Yeah, I guess So. I got my PJ's on. Still Will too. Do you wear your pajamas to the office? I don't. I I could. It's so fast. It's a five minute drive now from my new place. It's Great. I bet they were very, I bet they were very happy to see you. You have not not been in there for a while. You fresh back from your film?


I haven't been here in a minute. They were happy to see me and yeah, it was good. I, you know, I was up super early. I'm still a little jet lagged and still coming down. My, my closet is all messed up from late nights and stuff, so I'm, I don't know, just one of those. I woke up the other morning at like 4 45 and I got a coffee and then I was sitting, watching outside and I saw this huge crazy light, you know, being followed by sort of mist. It was kind of cutting through the mist, but the light was coming from behind and I looked it up and it turns out it was a rocket being launched. Yeah. From just up the coast here in California. U-F-O-U-F-O. It was pretty, pretty spectacular to see at, like That's cool.


5:30 AM Yeah. And so I've been feeling just a little spacey, just kind of coming back to, Well you're still on Eastern time, so you're still getting up. And I'll bet you were getting up at five in the morning over there, which was two in the morning here. So we were doing Five in the morning, like, like Monday, Tuesdays, and then immediately switching to nights. And we did that for about three weeks in a row. Right. And I, the little thing that I did, Jay, I was, I was there like, you know, we had night shoots and it was two in the morning. I'm Yeah. Listener Sean was in it as well. Yeah. But like two in the morning, I'm like, okay, bye everybody. I got to go home. And I look back and I'm like, there's Willie still going till like five, six in the morning. It was unbelievable. Because of course you're talking and, and then I've got, I've got young Denny too. So Denny's been, he's a little bit on New York Times too, so he's like, yeah.


Up early and, you know, anyway, it's all good. These are, these are great problems to have, but I'm great problems. It's nice being in California. Nice to see everybody. I'm sorry about last night too. We, I was gonna grab a bite of steak and I, I forgot I had a dinner 'cause our friend's dog died. Okay. So j JB I'm gonna walk you through this 'cause it a little bit felt like a lie. Not at all. Not at All. Well, okay, well, hang on. And, and I don't want to meet, I guess it looks like we have a double guest coming up, but, which we, 'cause we've got two squares. We do. But I Sorry, guests. Sorry, guests plural. Jesus. Yeah. And then I wanna, I want, and then I want to ask you if you've locked down your car and we don't need to say what kind it is. Okay. Yes. Yes, I have. You did. That's, that's a lot.


Listener. That's nice. Oh, I know Bobby. Big deal's at the fucking office. Got himself a real nice car this weekend, Bobby. Big deal. Jesus Christ. So I know, I know. I don't wanna, let's not go too deep, So I The big Go. But, but I said to Sean yesterday, I talked to him in the morning, we were talking about something and I go, oh, you know what? I think that the, the big boys like have stuff after school and they have, you know, music and, and athletic stuff. So I said, look, do you want to go get a dinner? Grab a early dinner? He goes, yes. And they text me and he goes, I forgot our friends. We made plans with our friends. I'm like, Yeah, that is true. It felt a little excusey.


Do you know what I mean? No, No. I swear to God. 'cause the initial thing was like, yes, of course I wanna go to Jar and have a steak with you. And then, but Didn't you pile on the excuse just now and say that a a an animal had died as well. That didn't pile on, but Yes. Well he Had a friend, friends of theirs. Well, Kevin Care, you Know, Kevin Kerry. And they said, he said that they lost their dog. I said, well maybe we can help them find, Find it Goodwill. Which is a rip off of an old Norm McDonald joke by the way. It's rip. So wait, so they lost their dog and they needed you and Scotty to sit around them and, and eat and support. Yeah. They feel better support, you know, a doggy iss like a family member. JB have you tried this? This, have you tried this bar? Yeah, I have salt. It's not bad salt. It's pretty good, right? Yeah, You can mention it. Maybe get some free ones. Okay. You know, I'm good for six Bucks.


Well, I'll wait till you take a bite. The bare be the bare bell bars. They're really good. Alright, listener today, we don't have some fishy, flashy, fancy celeb type. Oh, not today. Today we have got not one, but two people who make the flashy, fancy types. They are two of the most important people in the industry today. Period. Full stop. What industry? Like the entertainment industry. Oh, industry. Okay. Okay. Okay. Individually. He's Not the only industry in the world. Okay. I All right. But I, individually, individually, they've been behind such movies as Birdman, the Big Short, the Revenant, the Social Network, Moneyball, captain Phillips, Austin Powers Boogie Night seven.


Oh God. Together, oh my gosh. They have combined to bring us such films as Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Wonka Dune, part two and Barbie. Let's find out how these two are able to bring us so much incredible entertainment. Please meet the co-chairs and CEOs of Warner Brothers Motion Picture Group. No worries. Pam Abdy and Michael DeLuca. What's on smart list? Good. F Morning. Good morning. This is great. This Is great. We're gonna have a couple of smart folks come on and talk to us for fucking once. This is cool. I had to hold my laughter in. Oh my God. I wanna say Pam's still at home. Mike, you're at the office. I am. I'm In the office. You were both in the office? We have, We have two offices. We have a we have an office, we share, and then we have a spillover office.


We need to do solo things. Pam's in the spillover office. These Are people with Two offices. So when all of Warner Brothers, you only have two offices Now in the, in the shared office. Do you have one of those, his and her desks where you could, you're looking at each other? No, We thought about it like, like an old movie. No, Diagon. That We are like an old Howard Hawks movie. Like a Ben Hecht screenplay. Yeah. Where the, the, you know, desk in the newsroom together. But we went, we went I think a more realistic will Jason. I we're catty cornered. We did have that for a second. Jason. Jason and I had an office for a while, for a couple years where we faced each other and he would always complain as you could just tell this morning that I was never there. Yeah. Again, my dad was in an officer. What Happened to the company? What happened to the company? It went belly up like A left balloon.


Right. Your shitty ideas. It. Hey Mike, and welcome to SmartLess. Wow. Smart. This is an honor For us. We're Super fans. Thank Well, Pam and I have threatened to do this for a long time. I'm so glad we finally found some I'm obsessed. Time from your, your, your very busy schedule to do this. Thank, thank You. Collectively, individually and collectively. You two are responsible for some of the greatest pieces of entertainment that people have enjoyed across this country, ever. Yeah, it's true. It's, it's really cool. So impressive. Very kind. It's really impressive. Thank you. It's now, but, but what is, what is unique listener is that usually the people who are driving these, these, these factories of, of incredible entertainment is, is usually just one person.


But these, this, this is a pair, this is a duo. And this isn't the first time that you guys have done it. You came from Tell, tell the audience where you started to work on your, on your duo. Well, I got to meet Pam. I was at this company New line in the 1990s. It was my first job actually. Oh, company out of this is A company I joined. I was there as an intern in 85 from NYU. So I, I had been at New Line for, for a long time. And Pam worked for this company. Jersey Films, which of course produced Pulp Fiction and so many great films in the nineties. Dan DeVito and Michael. Yep. Sandberg Sha and Stacy Cher. Yep. Yep. Many of My people moved to Jersey.


This This Is an ongoing dumbass pitch. Some Italian guy in the back wings that likes to comment. Sorry, push through it. That's That's okay. So that's where I met. I, I met Pam at Pam Jersey Films, produced a couple of movies for New Line. That's where I met Pam. We became best friends. She's from Jersey. I'm from Brooklyn. We're united on all things Italian Food. It's the Holland Tunnel Apart and Movies. Yep. And then we had a chance, I we switched jobs, you know, many times I went from being an exec to being a producer. She became an executive. Paramount I produced for her. Then when I became an executive again after producing at MGMI invited Pam to work with me. And then we've been a executive team ever since. It's just like, but so, so then again, for the, for the listener, there's a, there's, there's, you can either be selling stuff or you can be buying stuff.


And that, that's like a big, big difference. You know? And one, obviously you're sort of like doing the dog and pony show and selling your wares and the other one you get to sit back in the chair, fold your arms and say, sell me. Let me hear what you've got. Right. To to, to overly reduce it. So you guys have both have done both of that at very, very, very high levels. You're obviously on the, on the premium elite buying side right now. Is there, is there a side that you like more? I mean, obviously with the selling part, you, you, you, you spend more time sort of out there in the trenches and on set sometimes. And, and, and on the buying side, you're in a, in a more air conditioned situation. Yes. Snacks are better. More consistent situation.


What, what do you, what do you, what do you prefer? Well, you know, it's different pleasures when you're a producer, you know, it's more artisanal and you're, you're building the, the project from the ground up with the director. And you're just so much more intimately involved in the, in just the, the creative aspects of, of movie making. And it's, it's just a different pleasure. You're, you're kind of part of a family that erupts, you know, as the thing starts to take shape. Right. And it's, and it's, it's a it's a really wonderful experience. And you, you're, you're with, you know these people for Stressy. I bet. Yeah. Because you don't, you're not in control. You're not the, you're not the buyer. You sing for your supper a little bit more. Right. But, but there's, we find a, there, there's advocacy on both, on both sides. You know, if you're a producer, you're advocating for the, for a financier or a studio to greenlight you.


But even when you have the power of the checkbook, you're still advocating for your, you know, your boss or, or the board that you report to, to, to finance a slate of pictures. And it, there's advocacy in kind of both versions of the job, But the agenda's different. Yeah. D pam, I mean, you're like, you, while you're advocate, you need to sort of mind the asset a little bit more on the buying side and on the selling side, you can be a little bit more sort of purist and like No, just whatever's better for the film. I mean, I'm, I'm oversimplifying It. Yeah. But you also know as both having, having been on the other side, that you know, you, you can't bullshit a bullshit her. So if somebody comes to you and is like, Hey, this, and then you're like, Hey man, I know how it's, I know how the sausage, Nobody can tell Pam.


Nobody can tell Pam. No, no. Producer's gonna pull the wool over Pam's eyes on budget. She can literally do both jobs, you know, with her eyes Closed. Yeah. My, my love, I mean, Jason knows this 'cause Jason and I have produced a movie together and work together. My first love will always be producing because I just love the grind and being on set. As you guys know, it's just the best. There's nothing like it. Well Then do you miss that? Always. But I love this too. You know, they're not, they're not, it's not either. And you guys can go visit the set. We Do exactly anytime you Want. But I am You can't, you can't pull the wall over Me. You not watch the studio. You, Yeah. Oh, you gotta really watch it. Like if you're not in, we try to visit the set. If, if you don't visit, sometimes they think, oh, don't care. Don't you care about us?


But then when you do show up, people are worried, like, oh, are we over budget? Is there a problem? Really gotta navigate that carefully. Like when and how we show up. Right. Who, who's more prone to say, Hey, let's go visit that set. Who, who likes to get out a little bit more often? Oh, Pam. For For sure. Really? I like to go rogue. Yeah. I have a terrible turbulence anxiety. Like I have a flying phobia, So I do it, but, but it's not something, you know, that I volunteer for a lot. Yeah. Will has a little bit of That. I do. Oh really? I do too. But it's, yeah, it's gotten increasingly worse. And you know what, in the last couple months it's been a little bit better. But these guys know, I get quite Now where does it, where like will, you didn't have like a bad experience. Right? It's just like, as you become older and more, I had kids When I had kids, when I had kids.


Same with you, Mike. Or did you have a bad experience? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Bad experience. Shrink, shrink told me once it's a control issue, obviously. Sure. A lot, a lot of people get it when they get their first dose of real responsibility. So when I got, when they, when New Line made me head of production in the, in the nineties I was only, I was 26, 27. And I, I, you know, it was the first big responsibility. I incredible, incredible. That's when I got the flying phobia. And then it just, it's escalated since I've had children and gotten more responsibility. It just kind of increased exponentially. Yeah. Have you, have you thought about working? I I have considered working through it. 'cause I know I, I have a friend of mine who years ago he, and he had, you know, access to tremendous resources.


But he went with that guy who, who's famous for walking people through that phobia. And he did, I think he told me he did a month of flights and he'd go to the, he'd go to like LaGuardia, he lives in New York. And they, they'd pick a, they'd look at the board and they'd pick a flight and they'd go and they'd fly to Cleveland, then they'd fly to Houston, then they'd fly to Miami. And he did that for about a month. Yeah. And the guy walked him through basically every scenario. And he got over it. Yeah. Well I'm telling you, when, when I got stuck in that elevator, like my therapist said, the best thing you could do from now on. 'cause 'cause I then I had was in such a massive panic. She goes, ride as many elevators as you possibly can. Right. It's like aversion therapy. Yeah, it does help. I, I accidentally stumbled into aversion therapy because my ex-wife lives in Fort Worth, Texas with my children.


And IBI travel there every weekend, you know. Oh, weather. So I, So I'm on planes twice a week and it, and it's just kind of, you know, normalized it for me. So that, that's helped a lot. And then information helps me. So I fly with a lot of apps. Like I have apps going that tell me where the plane is in relation to every other plane. Oh, you to fly with him, me, what the weather is like and really helps. Wait a second. Mike Might tell you something. Mike. I do the same thing. And I'll tell you what I recently, While you're in the air. Yeah, yeah. I track my own flight and I look at weather and I look at flight aware and to see whether the thing, and I'm like, are these guys gonna go around this storm or not? I, I'm right there with you brother. I, I literally will go to the flight attendant, excuse me, flight attendant. I noticed that this plane at 34,000 feet is smooth.


'cause you perhaps ask our a pilot to pick it up 2000 feet. Oh my God. We're bopping around at 32. And she goes, By the way, do you know, do you know, do you know that? Do you know that they now have this new software that the pilots use that shows them where turbulence is, that they all share and it's like a, About this. Yeah. Pilot, high reps pilot report. He knows I'm on there. Everything will, He knows everything. I fly with him A lot. But, but he, here's my suggestion. This is what I, and this is recent. Just this spring, I, I decided to stop doing it. I had a moment, Mike, where I went, where I went, ah, I'm not flying this plane. And the pilots don't wanna die, Right? Yeah, yeah. That's trust. Somehow you've achieved trust.


I'm still working on trust. Here's what I do. I fly the first flight out as much as I can because I'm so unbelievably exhausted. I don't care what happens. Oh, are You able to sleep on planes? I Fall asleep in a second. Oh, I'm so envious of that. So, because That explains your diet too, that you just, you don't care what Happens. Wait, Mike, what about, what about an what about a nice, a nice cool beverage to, to to cut, to cut the edge? Or, or maybe a, You know, I'm sober so I'm in a lifetime time out of anything. What About, what about a, our sleeping pills on your list of No, I can't. Yeah. No. Not they're on the No, they're on the no fly list for Me. What about, what about Mela? What about melatonin? Or, and no. Yeah, no. I try to do it substance free and, and just use my apps and, and, and engage with the flight attend.


And same When we're flying together, I'll go check on him. And then he, he tends to show me every app. So then I start to have a panic attack, which I don't normally have on a flight. But yes, that's what we do. Yeah. You know, what I feel would, would help all of us is if we flew in one of those hurricane planes that the, that the Air Force has. Totally, Yeah. I think about that often. They Play literally into the wall of a hurricane. I do. To, to, to to, to measure the speed. Do they survive of the winds? Well, that's just it, it turns out planes can handle so much more than you think that they can. So once you go, once you basically scuba dive with a shark, you're no longer scared of sharks. 'cause you look 'em in the eye and they don't care about you. And by the way, by the way, I, you know, I was with my, I was talking to my therapist the other day, and it turns out that humans can withstand so much more too.


Oh, will Jesus. Yeah, you can, you can do it, Willie. We're resilient. Humans Can too. We can Handle it. Now let's talk about real fear. Let's talk about budgets. Let's talk about Dave Zz. Let's talk about ZZ Z On the door. But also, but like, to Jason's point though, too, like, I, I, I want to get into that because I, I'm fascinated watching from the sidelines about movies and stuff. And like, why, you know, what is your opinion about, because you, I'm sure you guys talk about this, we all talk about this. Everybody in the business talks about what's the state, what's the state of the business? Because it seems like, first of all, it seems like you tell me the perception is that the i the star of any movie now is the idea.


Because movie stars, at least there are some that can still, you go, oh, I wanna see that person. I like that person. I like person. But for the most part, do I have that, that right? Or Is it like, stars used to open films and now it's a little bit more plot and premise driven to, to, is that right? To drive audience? And I think there's an element of truth to that. However, you see, you see each new generation kind of want to, wants, they still want to create their own movie stars. So you have, you have people like Timothy Chalamet and Austin Butler, God, Florence, Q like, you know, basically any, anyone on the red carpet for Barbie or for Dean or, or Dune is an example of, yeah, that's, you know, young, young audiences creating new movie stars. But what brought audiences to that is the concept before the star.


Right? It's exponential. If you can, if you can. No, I think, I think Shaima playing Bob Dylan was a great example for sure. Combining, you know, so good. Something iconic with, with an actor. People clearly wanna see. I think there's opportunities to create new movie stars. Movie stars still matter. But it is, you know, it, with the advent of streaming where people get so much content, you know, constantly, you do need that sticky idea and that provocative, audacious kind of concept to break through the, But that preexisting ip like, like Superman Or something. Well, we've been, and we've been inundated, right? We the, yeah. As who is it who said Tom Rothman, who said, you know, the tyranny of IP and we've been inundated with it, right?


And, and is there something Says the guy who only has one marvel title, Way to go, way to go. And then he just made his shit list. Oh no, I loved, no, I Know, I know, I'm kidding. He's a great, And we will be right back.


Three couples, four vacations. A lot to unpack. Watch the Four Seasons. A new series starring our comedy favorites. Tina Fey, Steve Carrell, Coleman Domingo Will Forte and more in a hilarious and heartfelt love letter to long-term relationships based on the original Alan Alda film. Watch The Four Seasons Streaming now only on Netflix.


This episode of SmartLess is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat, but it works with any of their sauces. So for me, since I was a kid, I've always used sweet and sour. So Mc crispy strips and sweet and sour sauce are so perfect. New mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken Made for dipping.


A recent ZipRecruiter survey found that 76% of employers plan to expand headcount for 2025. That's a lot of time spent hiring. If you're one of these employers who's ramping up hiring this year, don't miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest feature, zip intro to your hiring plan. It lets you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you save time. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/smartlist. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back-to-back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you wanna talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy save time. Hiring for 2025 with new zip intro. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess right now to try zip intro for free. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


And now back to the show. My question is, I guess in the face of all of that, is there, and, and be as canid as as you want to be, you're comfortable as being Yeah. Given if, if all things being equal, if you could control the appetite of, of film goers and people who go into the theaters, what would be w what would you do? What, what kind of films would you, would you make? Would you, green light, would you develop, you know, all things being equal. All things being equal. We really believe in a diversified slate. 'cause we feel like it's a, you know, the world's become pretty nichey, so we try to have something for everyone. So all your eggs aren't in one basket. You know, it's, it's, it's pretty, it's it's almost impossible even for Disney, which owns those four giant labels of, you know, Lucasfilm and Pixar and Right.


And, and Marvel. You can't have a 20 tent pole slate. Right. It's just not that much IP available to just have nothing. But, you know, billion dollar movies every year. Although we certainly love it and everybody tries, so. Yeah. But there's room for the originals too, like what you guys just did. Absolutely. With Sins, right? Absolutely. Yeah. We think, we think a balanced slate. We have a something for everyone. And you know, yes, if you're lucky enough to have IP and you can mine those franchises, great. But then it's also great to give new voices a chance, new filmmakers, directors that. So If you could change one thing, you would, you would, you'd maybe try to get the audience to be a little bit more thirsty for something weird and original and without See I think they Are.


I think they are. Yeah. I think it's, I think if we could change anything, it would be to get our fellow studios to make more movies. I think. I think box Office is down just 'cause the amount of films has never really ticked back up since the pandemic. Right. You know, started To receive well now so you can just get it on streaming, you Know. Yeah. I mean the other thing I think that's important for the audience now is directors. I think there is a relationship with this next generation where they can tell when a signature filmmaker has their voice on a movie. Yes. They can tell that. Like a Jordan Peele or Ryan Coogler. Yeah. Jordan Peele or Ryan Coogler or Greta Gerwig or Chris Nolan, Paul Thomas Anderson or Ger. Right. They can sense authorship or the lack of it. They really can. Jason Bateman. Jason Bateman. Oh, this guy. What?


Absolutely. Jason Bateman. We're waiting for a much bigger filmography, man. A Jason Bateman picture. He refers himself to the third person a lot. You know, that Film by, I think the World needs another Jason Bateman picture. He always told him. I love, I love picture. I told you, I told Jason to start directing when we were making identity theater. Did No, he's, He's such a good director. And we and yes, and, and we always encourage him to make more comedies too, because he's such a funny Yeah, mofo. But, but can I ask you this though, just to, just while we're on this topic, I is there and again, at the, at the risk of, of, I, I don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings, but but is is there, has the, the, the sort of the onslaught of IP and, and again, we, we, there are lots of great films that have come out in this era and there are a lot of people that whom we all know and love who have, who have made these and have done really well and blah blah.


The list is very long. But have we in, in a certain way, have we dulled our, our our taste buds for other kinds of films? Have we changed? Is is there a chance that we altered people's tastes a little? 'cause the big things are so loud and sticky now. Well, yeah. That, that we don't, you know, we, were all, we're, we're all older, we're all the same sort of generation. We, we were all raised on a diversified slate of films that came out every year and there were lots of comedies and dramas in action, et cetera, et cetera. And so we, we you Had the verdict in Raging Bo and Kramer v Kramer, which now you can't have those sort of adult dramas. Yeah. And, and, and so now everything's been kind of, it's kinda like, you know, it's, it's what people complain about pop music, if you will, that everything just becomes the very, you know, homogenized and very much the same.


And have we damaged tastes? I don't think So. I think, and again, because the tastes are always refreshed by new audiences coming up, I think, I think what's happened is the bar has just gotten higher for what's, what we consider theater worthy criteria. You know, things that will make something, not streaming, but theatrical. But I think, you know, when you see a spread of theatrical successes from long legs or everything everywhere, all at once from the neons and the eight 20 fours, they're not, they're not tent poles. They're not making a billion dollars globally, but they are pulling in audiences theatrically. Right. And then on our side of the street, when you have, you know, something as di you know, as diverse as Minecraft. And then the next weekend centers are at Universal, you know, Oppenheimer and then we had Barbie.


Yeah. There's, there's, I I think that people are up for the theatrical experience and they're up for a variety of movies. The bar is just higher for what will will get them out of the house. And, and that's our job. Interesting. To meet that higher bar. Yeah. Yeah. And it's less about how, how theatrical is not as good. It is more about how streaming is more appealing and there's good stuff to watch at home and so, and convenient. Yeah. They're not mutually exclusive, you know, there's Enough to go around. Yeah. I think, I think there are, there are consumers that are happy to wait for streaming or, or watch streaming originals and then there's consumers that want the theatrical experience Get out. Yeah. And, and there are people who don't want to ever leave their house. Right. Who don't want to go, they won't even go to Larchmont even though it's three blocks Away.


Right. I won't even, oh, I wonder who that could be. Sean, go Ahead. You can get everything on your phone. Go ahead Sean. Now. But you said, but you said you would, you'd, you'd love it if studios made more movies. Yeah. What do you think the, the, the pri is the primary reason that they're not making more movies is because it's getting increasingly more expensive to, to build a sort of a, a a, a public profile for it. Like a marketing profile. Like you gotta have, we gotta buy a bunch of commercials for it and, and sort of build that social pressure to go see this thing because everyone's seeing the billboards and the commercials and oh my God, I guess I gotta go see that 'cause I gotta talk about it at work. It's cost so much money to buy those commercials and those billboards that people say, ah, maybe I'll just make it for streaming where I don't need to do all that stuff.


It's just production costs. Is is that one of the big things that No, I think, I think it's about, yes, it's expensive to make some films, but you can make films at different, you know, different budget levels depending on, depending on what it is. But Isn't the the price to sell them the, the Same. But I think you have to meet, I think, I think marketing has changed and I think you have to meet the cons, like the, the audience where they're receiving their advertising. So not Necessarily a 30 Right. Not necessarily a 32nd linear TV spot. Yeah. But like digitally, like what we saw, just how we saw the fervor of Minecraft with the chicken jockey and the memes taking on a life of its own coupled with two weeks later sinners and like Mike and my TikTok feed, just filling with people, you know, experiencing this film.


Like that was magical Yeah. Like magical to see that happen. And I think that's where they are. Yeah. I think every legacy studio by, by Legacy Studio, I mean, you know, the, the Paramount Sony, us, the non streamers coming outta the pandemic. Everyone is cautious about, okay, is box office down because the pandemic, irrevocably altered viewing habits? Or is box office down because we're making less movies? You know, Pam and I feel like it's because we're making less movies. Some people feel human behavior may have been altered and the audience may be never coming back at the level they were in pre pandemic. So I think as everybody tries to figure out the answer to that, and it's a very fluid situation, working, working your slate back up to 10, 15, 20 movies a year.


I just, it's gonna be a slow, cautious process. Everyone's kind of feeling their way of what's, what's exactly causing the, the downturn. Is it the hangover from the pandemic or, or is it that we're not making the same amount of movies and Yeah. Right. You know, I'll almost to that point, you know, it seems like, and you guys tell me more people than ever out of work in the history of the entertainment business, it seems like writers, you know, that used to work all the time, can't find a get like crew members, actors, directors, producer Yeah. Crew. Everybody. Why is that, in your opinion, and what does your crystal ball say about the future of that? Do you see that changing, like Village Roadshow? Didn't they just go bankrupt or something? It just seems like the entertainment business is collapsing.


It's constrict. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it, it's, it's getting smaller because there's, there's less stuff being made. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's work, there's, there's been some consolidation, you know, in the industry, so that, that immediately means less buyers on the block. There was a contraction in production, you know, both on the series side and the, and the feature side, you know, as we were navigating the, the pandemic and then, you know, the so-called streaming wars, which were never really a war. Right. Netflix won that war before it even started. Right, Right, Right. Exactly. They had a, they had a 20 year head start. I do think things are picking up and will pick up. Yeah. Maybe not to pre pandemic levels, but I think that has been a symptom of, of both studio. It's All, it's, it's all cyclical, right, Pam? Yes. Yeah. I was just gonna say, just the studio's making less movies like we were saying.


But also if you go to tv, you know, streaming has created the eight to 10 episode series as opposed to what we all grew up with, you know, on network television with 22 episodes. And you, you constantly felt like, you know, you had all those linear networks that were creating multiple shows, filling Right. Must see TV and all that stuff. And I feel like that has been altered a, you know, quite a bit since the streaming and since the pandemic. Right. Sean used to do how many 24 episodes a year Unwilling Grace? Sometimes 22, sometimes 26, sometimes 23. Yeah. It was crazy. Yeah. Amazing. And then they don't Ozark, how many do you guys do? Just 10 JB 13, 10, 10, 10. And they're remaking it, right?


They're doing it with robots and they said it's got more life to it. You See the way he's, he's, He can set it works that right in there. Hit it. Yeah. Got right in. Good. Yeah, it breathes more. Yeah. But shoot, what was I gonna say? By the way, will we, we use Lego Batman in every tribute reel to warn every best of Warner Brothers reel that we screen. Thank you. In CinemaCon we always include Lego Batman. Yeah. It's Our favorite. Don't do that to him, Mike. He's dine out on that. Thank you. We love it. So, so guys, you, you have, you have been uniquely great individually and also together in, in really getting behind some of the more specific creative voices behind these movies.


People like Paul Thomas Anderson and David Fincher, et cetera, et cetera. When you are collaborating with someone like that, who they like to keep the edges on, and that's what the audience likes too, but sometimes oftentimes that's at odds with the, the goal to get as many people into the tent as possible, buying a ticket and, and making it mass appeal and kinda around the edges sometimes and not be as controversial, not be as challenging. How do you, how do you manage that as a, on the producing side? On the, on the selling side? I, it's probably a lot easier, but in your current roles as, as you know, trying to bring in profits as well, are those conversations difficult?


Do you err on one side or the other? Walk us through that a little bit. I, I find it because of our background. I mean, listen, I'm 30 years in Mike's longer than that. We're just a little That's very polite to you, Pam. Thank you for saying Wow. Not naming the number of shots fired. No, no, no. I'm just saying I'm 30 years in, whatever. But, but I think because both he and I have been in the trenches Yeah. On a producer Orial side, there's a certain level of understanding and trust that we bring to this job. So the filmmakers that we work with, some of them, we've had long relationships. Like I'm, we're working with Alejandro and Ritchi right now. I'm on my fourth film with him.


I think, I think it's, it's, there's, there's a trust, there's a collaboration, there's a respect. I mean, you have to earn the filmmaker's respect, you know. So I think what we bring to the table is because we have this knowledge of being on the ground and going through the ups and downs and the difficulties of what it is to be on set every day and try to make something great because we all set out to make something great. Right. And sometimes shit happens and it doesn't come out exactly how you envisioned it. You have to be, you have to be in lockstep together as creative partners. So I think Mike and I try to approach it that way, where we look at filmmakers as our partners, we're all have the same end goal to make something great and to get the biggest audience in the theater to see it.


So I don't find it difficult. I actually find it invigorating. Well, that's really funny, Pam. That's really funny because you all, you often hear people you do in comments and stuff saying these fucking people in Hollywood and they, they just wanna make shit movies. Like nobody's try, nobody's sets out to make a shitty movie, by the way. I mean, everybody's intentions are good, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. And it's like, and there's no blanket statement for Hollywood. Like it's so, yeah. It's so, it's so different. You know, our friend Donna Langley at Universal is different than Tom Rothman at Sony. We do our thing at Warner's. Like it's not Yeah. Donna, another one from New Line that started Yeah, exactly. Not as an intern, right? No, we actually hired Donna. She was a, an assistant to a manager at the time and Wow.


And, and she, you know, and she and another executive Mary parent who, who went on to do great things and is oh My God, Running legendary for Josh Road. Yeah. New line. It was a great kind of, you know, training ground for a lot of people in the nineties and, and you, when you met Donna and you knew she was gonna run an empire someday. I mean, she was just born To do it. And as May and has been in that position of leadership longer than anyone. Anyone? Anyone. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Definitely. Like ever through multiple regimes running Universal, it's just awesome by the way, The new one, the people who have come in and out a new line. It's a pretty interesting slate of people now that I think about it. All the people Brenner is still there with you, right? And yeah, he is. Then you've got Toby Emrich, wasn't he, obviously Toby.


Yeah. And then you have our, our, our buddy Ken Al Alterman who love Yep. Who was there, Ken we're still, Jason and I still play golf with We love Ken Alman. Ken's great love, love Kent. And I'm just thinking like, wow, that that was what an interesting place that was for a lot of people who kind of, you know, learned their, their, their stuff there. Yeah. We were given, we were given the freedom to really run our projects. And it, and even though you're an executive, you almost behave like a producer at in at New Line at that, at that time. Yeah. So we all learned a lot. Interesting. And it really does seem like you guys are creating that or, or continuing that environment of trust and deference to a very specific filmmaker agenda.


Like something like Sinners for example. Like, I have not seen it yet, but from what I've, what I've seen from the materials and heard from people, it's a very specific and exciting creative Oh, The responses in Leap. Incredible. It's it's amazing. Crazy for it. We're so happy to Ryan selling popcorn and getting incredible reviews. Yeah. So like, that's, that's the mother load right there, right? Yeah. So I talk about how frightening that can be to, while you, as you say, Pam, you're a partner with the filmmaker, you're coming from a place of, of shared experience and you kind of know what they're going through and blah, blah blah. But eventually one has to just kind of close your eyes and jump in and just say, alright Ryan, I get what you're going for here.


We're really not gonna be able to gauge until we're done. And so we have to trust you. We have to wait till after principle photography, get through post, have all that music come in, and the color timing and all that stuff to create this very finely cooked meal that it looks like nothing coming out of the, the grocery store. You look at all the ingredients and like you, you don't know what you've got till it's cooked. And so you have to give him all of that runway. Is that really, really frightening or is it exciting or Both? And We'll be right back. Sorry, We gotta reload. No, it's a good que It's a good question. It was long, but it's a good question.


I I find it exciting. Yeah. I have to be honest, I think, I think when you have that chemistry with a filmmaker, with a director, and when you're pushing and pulling on things, it's not like we're just sitting here saying, Hey, go off and run in the field and make this movie. You know, we're all talking all the time through the script process, through the Running the field process, like running, because I Dunno, it's just, you know, running the field, go off and play it and play and play. Be a new people are gonna start to use this, by the way, this the field. Thanks Will, thanks for Mike teasing me. Thanks. Will Like this and Netflix meeting tomorrow. They're gonna be like, look guys, we're not gonna be running in the field over here. That's Ted doesn't doesn't want us running in.


Exactly. You're gonna sell Pam. I just wanna run in the field Froing, you know, having a good time. It's Gonna be the variety headline tomorrow. Like Pam Abey of Warner Brothers Advocates Field running as A, as a business player, by the way. Stock price by The way, by the way, the last six weeks I've been having, I wouldn't be surprised Anyway. No, no Warn brothers, Warner Ankles field running. But you know, Ryan, well when you're dealing with, like Ryan comes to the table trailing, you know, like 2 billion in box office. Like he, yes, you could call it ip, but he created the Creed franchise Yeah. Out of his head, you know, and he, he, black Panther, you know, I'm a comic book fan.


I'm a, I'm a, I'm a huge comic book collector, still and geek fan. And I knew, wow, I knew the Black Panther character, but it's not like that was one of the top 10 characters. Ryan, you know, created that franchise also, again, out of his mind. O obviously under the brilliant Kevin Feige too. But so when you're, when you're, when you're doing a film with Ryan Coler who has that pedigree, it is a little bit of a hedge against the unknown. I mean, green Greenlining movies at a studio is like being at a casino. You're, you're, you have a certain amount of money and you're placing bets and you're hoping more than work, than don't work. But the only hedge against the unknown is sometimes you can point to someone's track record, you know? Yeah. Like when we hired David Fincher to do seven, you know, I happen to thought, I thought Alien Three was a beautiful movie.


Loved it, didn't loved it, it didn't work as big as they wanted to commercially. But there was tremendous artistry. And of course he had all his music, his music videos and his commercials amazing. You know, before that point made, hiring him for seven, very, very easy. We were lucky to what? Great to have him. So when you can look at someone's pedigree, whether they're established like Ryan or a New Voice coming up, like we just made a movie with this guy Zach Craiger, who did the movie Barbarian. And I think he's an amazing I that movie, wasn't that an amazing movie? Great. Totally. So good. It's great. Totally unique, surprising in the genre innovat within the genre. Yeah. He, you know, we were, we were lucky to get his next movie. When you can look at someone's previous work, also another great horror movie that came out, talked to me, you know, by these two, two directors who started on a YouTube channel, Rocka Rocka in Australia.


Oh wow. When you can, when you can look at people's previous work, it gives you a little bit of a hedge against the unknown. And that helps us make that call sometimes. There used to be that, that old adage or that that thing that people would say that the studios are in the business of not making movies. Right. Do you remember now? Is that true? Yeah, I remember that. I remember when they used, there was A period, right? Yeah. Studios were playing defense. Well, there, there was a period when I was a non-writing producer, which is literally like Willie Loman with scripts under your arm, like driving all over town, you know, pitching your, pitching your wares. Right. That was just from somebody who just got you, you get somebody passed on, they're like, yeah. Movie. Yeah. Studios are, yeah. Studios would almost be like, we dare you to make a movie. Right, right. Dare we dare you to get us to make a movie.


And that, that, that I find not a helpful attitude. Yeah. That's not helpful. I also don't think you can declare like that. I think that was like in the early two thousands will, when people were like, after the boom of the nineties and like where starting to shift and internet and all that stuff was happening in tech and everything. I I I just don't think you can declare any one thing. Right. You can't say this is the way it is, so we shouldn't make these kinds of movies. Yeah. Until, until one works. Although when we lost DVDs, when DVDs went away, we did lose a safety net and, and we did. You know, and streaming doesn't quite make up that gap. Right. So it is, we, we are working without a net, you know. But I also think, like, as Pam said, that can be really exciting. 'cause it just, I think for the consumer, it means that the bar for quality really, really has to be high to get you to get outta your house and convert to it, to being a ticket buyer.


Yeah. And, and, but people couldn't, they couldn't have predicted back then in the early 2000 what it was gonna become. And I think that that sort of fear, so, so you know, as you said that you lost DVDs, however, everybody was so nervous at the advent of, of, of the internet and social media. You remember the fear, you know, I remember the first when MySpace took off and people were, were were trying to green light movies with people who were, had a presence on MySpace and everybody's clamoring to be, people were not able to predict what it would be in the same way that we can't now with things like ai, et cetera. And of course we're gonna look back in 10 years and say, my God, we were so foolish to spend so much time worried about X, Y, and Z. I agree.


Yeah, totally. And, and because there, there obviously something else will happen. People will want to watch stuff. People will want to enjoy stuff in some way. Yeah. And, and Yeah. And there is the com they want the communal experience, you know? Right. Of course. For certain kinds of films, they want to go and sit with their neighbors and go watch the movie and then go to a cafe afterwards or a bar and have a drink and talk about it. Yeah. And I get that being in a, being in a big, a big dark room with a bunch of strangers. It's really fun to like get a, get a, get a shared experience. My twenties was My, my twenties in Chicago. Berlin. For me, that's Berlin twice a year. I allow myself twice a year. We'll be right back.


Amazon makes it easy to find whatever you're looking for. And at low prices, discover a great selection of everyday essentials at a great value. Amazon is your go-to destination for both basics and the specific things you need. Get what you need all in one place without jumping through hoops. Your money goes further here. Shop for all your needs, whether they're planned or those last minute must haves from detergent to diapers, cookies to pain relievers. Find it all on Amazon and save time. Check out Amazon Basics and Amazon Essentials for quality products you'll love. Next time you run outta coffee, need a new lipstick, realize you're outta light bulbs need just a piece of paper. Amazon has it covered. Save the every day with deals from Amazon


Stop allergy season in its tracks with big savings from GoodRx. Seasonal allergy medication starts at just $15, so you and your family can kick those itchy eyes, stuffy noses, and scratchy throats straight to the curb. Check GoodRx before every trip to the pharmacy to save up to 80% on both brand name and generic medications. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for your prescription on the website or the app. Compare prices and get a free coupon to show your pharmacist. Use GoodRx to save at over 70,000 local pharmacies nationwide, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Kroger, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works with or without insurance and could beat your insurance copay price. Don't let allergies slow you down. Save big on allergy medications this season with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay And back to the show,


But to like everybody be in the same room all at the same time. Get scared. Yeah, I get why horror movies make so much money. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Now to, to think about, you know, crying next to a stranger. I get how maybe dramas, I'd rather maybe see that at home on a streamer. I get that. What I don't get is that there, there, there isn't the desire for shared experience with laughter in a group of people. Like, so tell us what you guys think. The, what is your theory of why comedy is such a hard sell in Thea in movie theaters nowadays? I'm gonna jump in real quick with a super fast answer and you guys do. It's because comedy now you can get on your phone in little tiny bites and you're fulfilled Yeah.


Hurts. And I think that has to, That does. Thanks Sean. You're welcome. Part of I gotta run, I gotta run Taken off, killed. I'm so sorry. I'll talk to you guys later. Sean Hayes Brought to you by Netflix. Yes, exactly. Exactly. TikTok By the way, think about people used to go to theaters to watch porns together. That's true. That What do you mean talking about? That's over now, Right? Sean? That's over now. Right? Sean Used to Still going. But I think com I think, you know, a lot of, a lot of comedy has gone to live on streaming and, and, and TikTok in short, short form. However, I do think that theatrical audience is there. I thought Jen Lawrence's movie No Hard Feelings was a, was a good shot at it.


Yeah. Yeah. And I do think that that's One for Tom, Tom got right? Is that Tom Roth? Yep. Yes. Tom Rothman Heym. You're bad. Also, also this guy, I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give Tom Rothman too. Anyone, but you came out and, and worked theatrically. Thank you Mike for showing Jason up. Jason, Tom's so mad at you. Tom Moody. Tom's mad at you now. Also, Comedy's different, now comedy's different than when we grew up. It's, it's told in a different way and it's Different. But I think if you had, you know, if you, if you had, we're we, we wanna bring already comedy back. We wanna bring romantic comedy back. But I do think if I do think it's a case, if you build it, they will come. We just, yes. So much of the talent, the new talent has gone directly right into, you know, streaming and, and, and TikTok and YouTube that we're, we're just trying to, to, to steer them back to, Hey, look, let's take a shot with an original script.


Let's take a shot with a, Well, we had Blum, we had Blum on here a while ago. Jason Blum. Yeah, Jason Blum. 'cause he and yeah, and Tracy knows 'cause she heard it. Yes. Okay, we're good. And, and we had Blum on here because, because he basically forced us to have him on. And we love it. We love him. We love him. We love him. It's a joke. He was amazing. Love, Love Jason too. Yeah, we love him too. We love Jason too. I couldn't love him more. Who doesn't. But we did talk to him about the, because he was, you know, he is obviously the master of of horror and and horror. Yeah. And He, He, he, we, I said, why can't we make a comedy? He said, you just can't make any money. And he was quite blunt, blunt about it. I disagree. Yeah. We're gonna prove him wrong.


I'm, I'm just suspicious of blanket statements like that. 'cause everybody says, So I, so my career is 40, 40 years now since 1985. You look great, Mike. Every time someone says thank you so much, it's, I moisturize. I think every time someone says this will never work again, and then something comes out and prove, proves It wrong. Yes, exactly. I remember, remember the r-rated comedy was dead and then American Pie came out and suddenly everybody had had to have an R-rated com comedy. Yeah. Hollywood can be such a pack animal sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I just am very suspicious of blanket statements And reactionary too, right? Yes. Very. Yeah. One of the greatest things I ever heard is everybody wants to be the second person to say yes. Right. That, that's A great, that's a great quote. Yeah. Yeah. But it's more fun being first through the door.


That's true. It just is. But of course, You, you know, look, this could be famous last words, but Pam, for better or worse, Pam, and I feel like you can't do this job if you're, if you're afraid of getting fired, you gotta be fearless in it. Because if you, if you breed risk out of the, out the system than innovation dies and the customer moves on and Right. Right. And it also breeds a culture of people not wanting to pitch exciting new ideas. Yeah. And just because it hasn't been done before doesn't mean it's not gonna work. Right. And I just think You could do both can, you could walk, if you come at the same time, you can mine your ip, your franchisees, but you can also try to find that next generation of, of filmmakers that'll give you new franchises. Speaking of, speaking of ip, you know, you mentioned earlier you're a big comic book collector, Mike, and so, you know, one of the things you guys get to oversee is DC and James, James Gunn and, and, and Peter Saffron in there.


And tell us what you're excited about coming out of there. Well, We actually, we have to stipulate DC reports directly to David Zaslav. We don't, we don't oversee it, but we were big supporters of Peter and James taking the job Working concert with Yes. Yeah. We agree that that label, you know, really could have used. We, we thought our advice when we were asked is it, it, it doesn't need another career executive, it needs a storyteller in charge. Yeah. You know, we, we were really impressed with Pixar. They brought Pete Dockter, who's a filmmaker in from the field Yeah. To be chief content officer and preside over that, their slate of movies. And I, James, you know, I've been, I i I used to chase James as a producer, you know, when he did Slither and started with his low budget movies.


Yeah. And he's really unique and I think DC's in great hands with the two of them. Yeah. We, we've seen an early cut of, of Superman. And I don't wanna, I don't wanna jump the, I don't want to bury the lead. There's a lot of marketing about to, to roll out on the way to it's released. But he really understood the assignment. He's his heart's in the right place. His aim is true. And we're really excited about their, their their new version of dc That's Cool. Yeah. James is great. It's awesome for the whole studio though too, because it allows for you to sort of cross promote and, and like, what is the, it's great. Rising Tides will, what's the saying? Well, all boats, all boats rise. Yeah. What do you guys think about God? You're Gonna love the real world at some point. You're Gonna fucking, I just knew I was gonna get it slightly wrong now.


Honestly. It's really enjoyable. It's nice that you guys have each other's backs. I know. I love it. Yeah. It's so cute. What do you guys think about, like, remember Quibi when Quibi came out? I, which I may have May or you Promised to never bring up Quibi again. Come on, Sean. Whatcha doing? Wait, now, now we hurt Rothman. Now you now you're hurting Jeffrey. Whatcha trying to, I didn't say anything about it. I just said, do you remember it? I'm kidding. I do remember It. Okay. And I just read an, I didn't read the whole thing. I read a blurb about that that's coming back now. Like short, short little things, like short episodes that are two minutes long and they're really picking up and kids on social media are loving it. They want a whole season of like two minute episodes and ten, ten two minute episodes or something that tell a story.


What do you think about that? Is that true? And are pe is that really picking up steam? Yeah, I I personally think, you know, YouTube and, and TikTok and, and some of the platforms are, are really about user generated content and Yeah. And, and I think that, I think that that, I think that's great and I think some of the user generated content kind of will evolve into scripted content occasionally. I definitely too. Yeah. But, but it in a, in a way when Quibi debuted, I, I'm not an M-B-A-I-I, I'm not half as smart as, as a lot of the people in involved in who ran that company. And, and I would never, I would never say that I know better. I did think though, like YouTube kind of has that base covered even then in terms of, and I, and, and you know, I thought what, what, what people, what people really love about those platforms and short form content is that it's user generated.


It's, there's no distributor involved. It's, it's the creator directly to their audience. That's right. And it's for those platforms, it's their Channels. Yeah. And I think that's kind of wonderful Yeah. About that. About that. Yeah. I mean it was, I I actually do think that it was a sort of a valiant effort to try to do that. Yeah. And to, and to get into that space. But I think that you're right. And I think that one, it seems to be one of the, one of the mistakes that is consistently made is that people try to jump out of their lane and there's nothing wrong with taking chances, but they, they, they say, well we're now, we're gonna do the thing. We're gonna try to create this and then make it into a movie. Well, no, it is that. Right. It shouldn't be that. Right. It's like when they make the doc, you know, that documentary that everybody loved during the pandemic, right. And then they go, let's make it into a movie.


Well, they've already got the documentary. That's right. We know the fucking story. I know. Why are we doing that again? I think the same thing. Yeah. And well then why have you never said that then Why did You, why did I have to say it? And then you can just agree is that you don't get to you The second guy, the second guy in No wine. You can agree with me and say, yeah, you're really smart, but you don't get to have any ownership of it. But Wait a minute. I agree. But there are examples that, where that has happened. But it worked where the documentary, I mean with the film of the documentary is actually Yeah. Engaging and thoughtful and successful. And you Know, I mean sometimes when we did Captain Phillips was, I love that movie so much with Scott Rudin and Dana Brunetti love that movie.


The impetus was we were watching the news. You get, you get a version of the story from the news. But, you know, we were, we were thinking, gee, the news can't tell you what's being said inside that lifeboat or what the, what the, what the hijackers are saying to Captain Phillips. And when you can dramatize a a 'cause I, I did Moneyball, captain Phillips and Social Network all based on true stories. And the neat thing about dramatizing true stories, whether you're adapting a documentary or or working off a nonfiction book, is you can bring audiences dramatic structure, which are peaks and valleys and, you know, moments that you Can't, I'm the captain now. Yeah. I'm the And that was, that was an improv line too. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm the captain now.


And by the way, I remember reading Moneyball that was 2003, The great Michael Lewis, when that book came out, the great Michael Lewis Ab Yeah. The great Michael Lewis is great. I've read all his books. These guys have never read a book in their lives. And I read, I read that book. My ears work. They read book reviews though, I'm sure. But, but I, I remember thinking at the time when I heard that they were making Moneyball into a film. I thought, if you've read the book, you think, well how the fuck are they gonna do that? Right. Or so social network, like, I wanna see a fucking movie about the Facebook. And it was incredible. I loved Moneyball, the film. We had the, I mean Aaron s Sorkin who's one of the, if not the best working screenwriter one, certainly one of the greats on Social network. And he co and he co-wrote Moneyball with Steve Zallian, who's a, who wrote LERs list.


I mean, these are incredible screenwriters. And they were able to find the human story. Obviously the u it's amazing. Yeah. What they, It's brilliant. If you've read the book, you realize how brilliant those screenplays are. Yeah. But talk, talk a little bit. What if you, if you, if you don't think it's gonna be a sleeping pill, like Mike, my questions are what are there, is there an interesting story that that, that Tracy might be interested to hear about how when you do a true story, how do you put the words into the mouth of real people without getting sued? Like how do you, how does Aaron Sorkin go off and say, all right, now, you know, mark Zuckerberg says this and then he says that it's the dramatization.


It's it's not. Yeah, I know, but you're using real people. So there's legal Right. Safe harbor you can get Into basically the way not to get too, too boring about it. Yeah. But basically if you're not derogatory or defamatory, you know, you, you, you have dramatic license certainly to make up dialogue. You, you also, we do a legal vetting of every screenplay based on a true story. And it, it goes through this vetting process of are you on the, are you on the right side of the derogatory and defamatory line? What's The risk we're running here And can you back up things that you're alleging through documentation on social network. We had the transcripts of the, of the lawsuit that at Sven brought against Zuckerberg. Gotcha. If you remember the movie that's kind of home base for Aaron, that that tr that law, that those depositions and that lawsuit are kind of what he cuts back to as the story's being told.


So. Gotcha. He was on safe ground there on Moneyball and Captain Phillips. We actually negotiated the life rights of each of the people. So we, we had sewn them up before the movies were shot. But then does that give them the, does that give them the right to then look at the script and say, no, I didn't say that. Or I would never say that. Take it out. Or Not Necessarily just written They sign, they sign it away before It's written. Now, of course you don't want to, you try to, you know, be responsible. 'cause you don't, you don't want people saying when the movie comes out, you know, going on a PR jihad that Oh, that they, this was, this Is this ruined reputation Jihad. Yeah. Moneyball was actually great. 'cause we, we made our deal with Major League Baseball and they were, they were the, the gatekeepers. And all we had to do was make sure Major League Baseball approved the script and approved the cut of the movie.


And it Is helpful when you have the life rights of people and you, you bring them into the tent. Like Yeah. Films just, I worked on World Trade Center, we had John and Will's rights on Aaron Brockovich, Aaron's rights on this film, freedom Writers years ago of this teacher Aaron Gruel. It was based on, you know, we had the kids involved, we changed the kids' names to protect them and Yeah. And their background. But it was so helpful to have that authenticity and to have that collaboration with the real people. But sometimes then your hands are tied though, because it's a true story. Maybe the ending isn't as movie ish as you might want it to be, and then you have to deviate from the real story and create some weird ending and it's, well, let's Ask somebody who loves having their hands tied. Sean. Sean.


Yeah. So I, I would prefer, I would prefer a twist. Okay. Or a twist. That's with the glow. Stick in your teeth. Don't get Sorry. Pays to have their hands tied. Go Ahead.


Well, before we let you guys go, can you talk a little bit about what you guys might be collectively or separately excited about that's coming outta Warner Brothers that the audience can be looking forward to? Who's, who's, you guys wanna like, separately say, which is your Sure. You can't say which is your favorite coming out, but like, that's Like asking a parent, like, know kid. They're All our babies. I know, but what are all our babies? What's, what's coming up next that you're excited about? You're excited about all of them. What, what's coming up Most? Well, look, this is this, this is this. You know, I'm, I'm a little biased in about New Line 'cause I started my career there. So it's, it's just neat for me to have it back in, in my life. Final Destination Six is a fantastic theatrical, that trailer experience looks amazing. Fun. It's so fun. So much incredible. It's so much fun. And then, and then we have Zach's movie Weapons, which is his follow up to Barbarian, which is completely original. I can't wait to see that. Wow. Again, an incredible audience response. And Paul Thomas Anderson has made a movie, Ugh, I can't, that DeRio trailer. So bitching, I Love it. It's so of its moment. You've even, I mean, we we're gonna drop, that was a


teaser. There's gonna be a another trailer. It's so unique and so of the moment. I think that's gonna really blow people away. We have Brad Pitts F1 movie Incredibles Fun, big Jerry Bruckheimer, Joe Kazinski production and, And they're day one. Nobody's a bigger fan than of Brad. Cool. It, cool it, well it's, it's Brad Pitt at his Brad Pitties. It's, it's just so, it's really, it's really amazing to watch him in that movie. And then, you know, again, as a comic book geek, I'm really up for, I think I, I cannot wait for this, for the world to see James' New Superman. Yeah, that's Great. I'm excited. So I'm excited for all of our slate. Yeah. And we have Mortal Kombat as well too in the fall, which is super fun.


And I'm really excited for some of the stuff we have in post. I mean, we started, we relaunched in the animation Division here. Yeah. Well we launched Warner Animation to stand on the shoulders of Lego Movie and Lego Batman. Oh, well you're I guess not included in that though, huh? No, we're gonna have you back. Warner Animation Group is back. It's Back. Yeah. Yeah. Our first, I think I feel like I sunk you guys with, with Teen Tides, go to the movies, which is actually a great movie if you've ever seen it. What's it called? Not from the, it's a phenomenal movie. What's called, called Teen Titans. Go to the movies is Teen Titans. I love That movie. No, I Love That film. I hear that's Great. And I convinced, you know, we worked with those, those writers, Aaron, and, and, and you bet and Michael are Brilliant. Yeah, they're brilliant. I agree. Yeah.


I think James and Peter are working on a live action Teen Titans. But I, and a new, and a new and a new Teen Titans Go, I think actually too. Yeah, well maybe you could read for that. You play pretty, But we're, it's a really, yeah, we're really excited about the new animation label. Yeah. Our first movie next year is Cat in the Hat with Hater as the Cat. So Bill Hater, really excited for that. And I was in the A direct like, like, like Jason Bateman, bill Hater's a director that we hope to have making movies at the Studio. Yeah. Bill's great director. Me too. Yeah, we have Emerald Fennell's movie Weathering Heights next year. We have Maggie Gill the Bride next year. So we're really, we're really jazzed about, you know, the eclectic slate we're trying to build here with the, that is eclectic IP and, you know, filmmaker driven.


It is really exciting that you guys are there and doing what you're doing and the way that you're doing it. And I'm so, thank you. Excited for you. Thank you. This the success. What this, I don't know when this is gonna air, but, you know, Minecraft and Sinners Double Barrel, you know, blockbusters coming outta the gate this month. And so just, we love Jack. Congratulations to you guys. Oh, Jack's the best. Yeah. Thank you. Look man, it's the best. Like, we love when you love movies. Love it. It's, it's the best job in the world. You know, we, we, we've been obsessed with movies since we were toddlers and to be able to do this is we're, It's a dream. It's a dream come True. You can tell with the films you guys are, are giving your yeses to. So please keep, keep doing that. And thank you very much for joining us today. You guys are, thanks for Having us.


Oh my God, thank you so much. What an honor. Thank you guys so much. We love it. Love SmartLess. So Great. Thank you. I know we love it. Please now go back to your busy, your busy day and green light on This Is the most fun we're gonna have today. So thank you for this. Thank you guys so much. Thank you guys. Thanks Guys. Bye. Have a great day. Take care. Bye bye. Bye. See you later. So guys, you know, I gotta mix it up a little bit. Yes. I Was just, I talk to them for a lot longer. I For a lot longer was so interesting to talk to that kind of caliber of people on the show. I know. We never get to talk to those people. We're always talking about them or about studios or about Whatever, people who work for the studio. They are running the studio. They're in control of what America is seeing.


We see Warner Brothers. Yeah. Really fascinating. Yeah. And they've got such good taste and usually those folks don't get hired to, to do such a corporately responsible job and they manage to balance the two. I I'm just, I'm really fascinated with how they're able to do both that. Yeah. God, you're so Stupid. I'm so dumb. I know. Sorry. It would be hard for me. You know, I can't do two things at once. I couldn't Do anything. Try, say, imagine. I always go like, imagine if I was in charge, you think we'd be, we'd, we'd have bridges and roads if there would be nothing, we'd all be huddled under a tree if I had been in charge. Yeah. Do know what I mean? How do you think you would do at running a studio? Will I would terrible. I'd run into the ground one week.


What About Love You Shawnee. I love it. I think I would really love it too. I don't think I'd be any good at it, but I would love it. Just for, just for a week to be on the buying side. Right. I think I I think I could do it. You get To sit there and just say yes. Tell me. Yeah. And, and I think it'd be super fun and, and like they said, I thought Think you'd both be horrible. You'd drive everybody who worked for you. Crazy everybody'd hate you both Knowing You both as well as I do. Everybody who'd worked there would fucking hate the hell outta you. Snacks. Snacks would be so Crazy. And they wouldn't be able to tell you're self-aware in any real way. You know What I mean? We'd have a gummy, like Oh, a gummy. A gummy closet. A chips closet. Yeah, But you know what, Chocolate closet? The snacks? Yeah. No, wait, I got one.


Oh, here he comes. You know, but, but the biggest movie that they did was so great. What was it last year? What was it about the Hasbro, the Doll. What was it, Barb? No, no, it's, no, it's B doesn't, it's not by So can't, can't use it. But We've been using No try another title that's got Buy It. You wanna find, if you want to find a word that, that that does run Would've been great. You just Go look up and, and use, use some help from a No no. Not there either. That's not a Word. Either's Bar buy would've been great. Let's see here. Bar buy Barbie Bar Buy. Yeah. Bar, bar Buy. That would've Been great. Okay. You know what, I just checked with the judges.


They will allow, You know what, hang on. I'm gonna look at, at a Word and you two, I'm gonna put both of you on standby. Bye. Very good bye. No, that's a bye. Smart. Smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally Handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today


With cars dot com's massive inventory, you get to shop over 2 million new and Used cars for over 2 million possibilities. Seriously, if you can't find the right car for you with cars.com, it's you, not them. Because cars.com adds up to 50,000 cars to their inventory daily. Wherever life takes you next and whoever you're looking to be, there's a car for that on cars.com. Visit cars.com and start exploring your next possibility today.


Hi, it's Martha Stewart. You know, I spend a lot of time thinking about dirt at 3:00 AM at all hours of the day. Really what people don't know is that not all dirt is the same. You need dirt with the right kind of a nutrients miracle grow organic, raised bed and garden soil is so dense, so full of nutrient rich, high quality ingredients. Miracle grow is simply the best.