
Hey guys, I got some wonderful news to share with you. Oh, congrats. Who's the Dad? Nobody's the dad or the mom. We're giving birth to a new episode today. What? Yeah. Oh my God. I didn't even know we were pregnant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my God. Cigars for everybody, Boy or girl. It's a not, we don't know yet. Oh, gender reveal coming. What? Ew. Are you about to explode? Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Smart. Less smart. Less.


Oh good. He is into the hair. I'm, I'm wearing a hat today. Are you gonna get a haircut at any point? Are you gonna keep letting it get, letting it get, because I'm gonna wor I'm gonna grow mine out again. I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep going for a little bit for the summer. 'cause I'm not really planning on doing too much this summer. Yeah, you're Gonna let it be long in the summer. Hang on, Sean. No one's talking yet. Do you want it? Don't you want it short during the summer though? Will you meany? It's hot. Yeah. No, it does seem, it does seem counterintuitive. I mean, no, Sean, No way. Can you mute your mic, Sean? He did say Sean. He did say that we weren't talking To you yet. No, no, I know, but let me know. Just gimme like a hand signal or like, touch your nose or something. I think that he's gonna get to you and he, you'll know when he is ready. I mean, I don't wanna speak for you Jason, But, okay, so go ahead.


But the hair, go ahead With the hair. Yeah. I think, I don't know. I'm just gonna, for the summertime, gonna, sorry. Thank you, Jason, Sean. Even the Yes. Don't Agree. Yes. And then even the chuckles. Fuck. Sorry. God. Any chuckles. That's a good God blow. Wait. But Will, what would it look like if you cut your hair? You would look so different. Would you ever wanna just cut the back? I'll cut it for you. No. How about just cut the top and leave the party in the rear? Oh, no, no, no. I was thinking about like, or just going, I want to go for like Italian soccer manager. Like that guy's Simon Nazi tiny Pony. No, no. Just kind of like that sort of euro kinda long and then, you know what I mean? And then No, You look, you look like Javier Bar, Deon.


No Country for old men. Oh, Well that's not a compliment with The hard end. No, I know. That's not a compliment. No. If you, if you comb it forward, that's what you would look like. And you'd shoot people with a cow thing. Whatever he did with that thing. What was That thing? Yeah. Sean, has your hair ever been crazy? Has it always been what you got? My hair has been what? Really long? Yeah. You know, when I grow it really long, Scotty says every single morning, if it's long, he goes, Hey, Mav, which is Tom Cruise Maverick and Top Gun. Well, that's a good thing, isn't it? No, I know, but he's like, Does he chase you around the house? Is he saying, Hey, what do you, You, when you go to vo, when you go to discover, what do you say? Just gi give me the accountant. Is that what you Say?


Wait, did I ever tell Gimme The cpa? I ever tell you when I, I think I told you this when I went on tour with Kenny Rogers, and I love these stories. He Not close the scene. He's a country wasting star. When I, when he, he would call people up during the 12 days of Christmas from the audience, whatever. And this one woman walked up there and she had like, like big, almost like Princess Leia, like things on the side of her head and backstage. Cinon. Yeah, Cinnabons. And I was so stoned during that whole tour. And Why wouldn't You be? And It's True.


Why would not? I why would, and By the way, what was he charging per ticket for the Kenny Rogers 12 Days of Christmas? That's a great question. I don't, I don't remember. I, I don't remember. It's probably pretty steep. It was what was stadiums? It was like huge. But anyway, I was, I go, I said I was backstage acting like I was in the barber and I commented on the woman. I go and I look in the mirror and I go, just planted the apes today if you can, Because It, look, remember the planet of the Apes girl? Women had that big hair on the side. Yes. Yeah. We got it. Anyway, That's why we laughed. Thank, thank you. It was the laugh was the indicator that we got, You don't need To explain past, don't sell past the sale. You know what I mean? Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yesterday Will, I had lunch with our friend.


This Is from the prepared section of Sean's notes. Go Ahead. Well, no, well, it's what hap really happened yesterday. And I, I got my tarot cards read for the first time ever. What? Have you ever had that? Yeah. Have you ever I've never done it. What? But anyway, so our friend does this for a living, this person that will, and I know, and she and I got my tarot cards read, but that's the whole story. I'd never had it done before. I don't really remember. But I had a, a world card, a judgment card, and a, a guy that was hanged. Like, I Man, did you go all in when you saw your hand? Y No. Yeah, exactly. Have you, have you ever been, have you ever had it done? Have You ever been hypnotized? No. With a stopwatch. I wonder if they still do that. No, I've never been hypnotized.


No, I have. Have you Really? Yeah. Why? Yeah. I forget. What is It ongoing. I pped out of it a couple hours ago. But this was, this was like, I don't know, 15 years ago. It was part of, I, I was into some heavy therapy at the time. I was trying to, you know, fill some holes and men, some men some breaks in my, in my brain. Sure. And it worked. It worked pretty good. Really? I was, I was, I was surprised. 'cause I was pretty skeptical as one would be going into hypnotherapy, I think they called it. What Was, what was, and can I just, just to get to the nuts and bolts of it, what was your involvement just showing up? Amanda did everything else. Found the person made the appointment, drove you there Without a doubt.


Yeah. Yeah. She did everything except just lay me back easy on the sofa. Well, no, and then she was hypnotized. She did everything. Oh, it was her. It was her. But it was, it was what I was very curious of, like, what would that be? Do you just kind of zonk out? Yeah, and it was, it basically took me to the place right before you fall asleep. And so I'm in that space and a bunch of memories easily came back. Oh, wow. It was like right there at my fingertips. And I was able to talk freely about all of these things that I guess are under a layer of, see, I would just go straight to sleep. I wouldn't be able to Speak.


I know, but that's, that's, that's, that's the hypnotherapist talent. They can, they can kind of keep you just like floating right there on the edge, I guess. Wow. Wow. And you remembered all of it and as if it Yeah, I guess, yeah. I mean, I did retain some gain from it. From it, I suppose so. Yeah. I guess it's a, it's a valid form therapy for sure. N never I Much better than ge getting Delta hand of cards. I mean, what's going on, Sean? I Mean, I mean, that was kind of interesting, but I don't really remember any of about That. No. The tar cards. There's a, that is also super valid. And who am I don't walk it. What You Yeah. No. Are you walking it back? These, these, these people. Do you owe somebody money or something?


What? What's going on? But guys, speaking of hypnotic, wow. Let's get to it. Sean. Sean. World class. Sean. World Class. Thank you. Thank you. My guest today studied ballet as a kid. Has some legit mime skills, plays mandolin. No. Plays the mandolin as an actress. She's played a deranged vampire. A real life prosecutor. An actor playing a reporter, a sociopath in outer space. And of course, a dog owner with a lot of feelings. You might not always see her coming, but once you do, she's the only thing you wanna watch. Indie Queen, forever Party Girl. It's a totally original and someone I love very much. Parker Double p. Parker Posey. Perfect. Double PP I'm was that torture?


Just getting outta the, I I was Hypnotized, but I Was happy to be awake now. Sure. Hi fellas. Hi. Hi. This is kind of over you. I love your podcast. How have you not been on the show already? Are you sure this isn't your second appearance? I don't live in Hollywood. She doesn't, We don't have to live in Hollywood to be on the show. I know, but I, I I don't Well, you, someone didn't ask me. I don't live in Hollywood either. Just Invite me. I just did. I'm in upstate New York, but I'll come over. Yeah. It looks like you live in a very handsome apartment there in the West Village. I wanna say, are You in the West Village? It's called the Chateau Marmont in Sunset. Sunset. Oh, you are in la Oh, and When I, yeah, I'm in LA Actually, out of all of us. You're the only one who's actually in Hollywood right now.


Yeah. As it turns out by your, Oh, really? Where are you guys? We're elsewhere. You Know, we're the, the, the wills in Simi Valley. Sean is in Chatsworth. Yeah. And I'm in Brea. Sean's in Sean's in What is going what? We get a bang for a buck better. Yeah. Parker, you look Gorg. I did. I like the color of your hair. I Dyed the hair. Yeah. I dy the hair for, for a movie I did with Sam Rockwell and John Malkovich, A Martin McDonough film. Wow. Jesus Christ. I'm So, I jealous of that film that cast that. I mean, Steve Shame. But you had to go to South Africa for it, right? Easter Island. Easter, Yeah. Where is that? Easter Island.


They know where, where that is. It's called Wild, it's called WildHorse nine. Right. Wild Horse nine. Easter Island is the furthest place you can go in the world being furthest away from anywhere else. It's a 17 mile island. With the heads. Yeah, with the Oh, with the, That's the things, right? The cult of the bird. It's off the coast of South America. Okay. Right. So it's not South Africa. South America. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. So it would be like, if you flew from like Lima, Peru and you wanted to go to Sydney, Australia, you'd fly right over it. Okay. Guy Cool it. Yeah. That's, everybody's got property that's right in Portugal. And it's familiar with the Southern Hemisphere. It's smart. Okay. Wait, I wasn't, I wasn't, my parents would play a game with me in the car and they'd be like, what's the capital of Denver?


And I'd say, Colorado. And they would just think that was hilarious. How stupid I Was at geography and knowing where things were. And I would like do this thing in my, my grandmother Nani. She'd have this world, this globe, you know, those globes that you would love to spin it, you know? I mean, I'm gonna go here and I would just play that for hours. I love that. And I'd say, you know what? I'll know where I am when I get there. And if I'm lost and I don't know where I am, I'm gonna ask somebody. Yeah. And they're gonna tell me they're gonna, that's how it works. Me directions. Yeah. And before the phones, I knew where to go and I'd ask people like directions and I was fine. Yeah. Yeah. Did you come, did you come straight from Southeast Asia home, repack your bags and then go to Easter Island?


Or was there a job in between? I'm speaking of the White Lotus Show. Oh my God. Oh, that's a good question. Because there's been so much traveling that I wake up in bed and I don't know where I am. It takes me, yeah. It's too much. You need a nice sitcom over at Universal Studios for a while. Thank you. Thank you. And just relax. Do you know what, you know, I'm really loving Matlock. I'm loving Kathy Bates and Mattlock Series. You are? Yeah. Oh yeah. Have you watched It? I bet you could do a nice arc on there. Just let him know. Oh, I Just like that cozy formula and Yeah. And it's, she's just fantastic. And I'm, I'm, I'm into that. I'm also in, I watched 1923 with Helen Muren. Oh yeah. I haven't seen So I haven't seen that yet. How was that? So I was a Few weeks ago.


It was, it's great. You know, I, I love the costumes and the learning about history and geography and Well, It sounds like you're good about watching stuff. Are you, do you, do you gobble up everything You see? I'm doing all this. This is the awards push of Emmys and you know, from White Moez. I've never been a part of the machine. Yeah, right. That has, you know, had that happen. So you're taking a look at the competition. Yeah. Yeah. So, and how, how do you, how do you think, how do you think your chances are are are holding up? Do you think Kathy Bates is the horse to beat? I do. Yeah. Two, she's one, she nominated Course to Beat. I wonder if there's a horse named after her.


You know, there's a horse named after me. Is it really? There's like a Posey Parker. And yeah, I lived with a woman named Marsha Brill in the West Village. She was an 86-year-old, born in br, New York Jewish lady. You bet. On the horses. And she'd go, go ahead, make my day, go get Them, make my day. And she would smoke. And she was four foot 11. I love it. And my friends would come by and they'd be like, she's fabulous. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like she was Like having a stiff drink at five and was an editor. You'd go to the OTB with her or she just watch it on the tv. This on tv. On TV on like a little perfect, you know, black and white little box TV from the eighties downstairs around the kitchen.


Amazing. But that, that, those times are no longer. But yeah, I'm open to la I wanna, I wanna, I'm using this podcast to, for you guys to tell, tell everyone that I'm moving to Hollywood. Truly. No, you're not. Are you? Would you? But you're not, even if you guys aren't here, you're not in Hollywood. Well, We're in Hollywood Pro. We're not Hollywood. Explain. I'm in the process of moving back to New York. So, you know, I'm going the other way. Is everyone just not, because I'm going back. Yeah, you are. Okay. Yeah. I don't really know where to be. And I think that's from being in so many stories. Sure. And, and I should figure it out and stop this. Like, wait, But Parker, you've been going back and forth for years and years and years. If you wanted to move out to LA you, you would have, but you, you kind of, you, you're in, you're on both all the time and all over that world.


I'm in a farmhouse. I'm a lady, I'm a steward of the land on just this upstate farm. Upstate, upstate New York. So I don't, I, CT couldn't carry both the city and the country. And so now I'm like this. So you got rid of the city up Putting Bird City in the feeders? Yeah. Really? Wow. It was too much. Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that. That's a big switch. Good for you. So yeah. It's a big switch. But I Like, like Hudson Valley type deal. Yeah. The Hudson Valley type deal. Oh wow. Fucking great. Walter Goggins is close by. I just saw him last night. I ran into him. Who? That He has completed 18 months of nonstop travel and work. Oh my goodness. He did fallout, he did righteous gemstones.


He did White lotus. Sorry. And I saw him driving up in the parking lot and I, I was meeting some friends at five. Well, friends were picking me up at 5 35. It was five 30. Walton drives up and Walton and I see him in the car and I swear he like started crying. He was like, I'm done, I'm done. Yeah. I just finished all of this, you know, mountain of work. He gets to relax. He's got a beautiful house. We've seen it in magazines. Yeah. Gorgeous. My house isn't like that. I'll bet. My house is really crunchy. Granola sweet. Yeah. I like it. But you love it. The renovations. I'm trying to renovate and get a new kitchen because there's the insulation, you know, the pipes freeze and all that.


Sure. And I love a project. Yeah. But, so my house has been this, this thing that I've, this being, you know, I don't look at my, I don't look at my house like mine. Like I just wanna give to it. 'cause it's an old farmhouse. Right. Sounds good. So I guess what I'm saying Will Yeah. Is like, and you guys, I'm trying to figure out just where to land in a community. Let's Shoot it. Let's shoot it, let's cover it. Let's shoot the reno of the kitchen. Yeah. And you can write it off. Let's get, we're gonna get together with the gang over at Discovery. Yeah. And they're gonna pay for it with the twins. Well bring the That's a great idea because, and that's what I tell the contractors when they come over. I'm like, I want to, can you, are you open to me filming you with my phone? I would love to do like a home improvement show.


I love that. Would you wear this world? Put this on? Yeah. Dress like, Dress like you're from 1920. Turn around, do the Hokey Folke Dress. Like you're from 1923. Could you do that? Can we, let's do it. Period. Reno. Yes. And get me a hamburger sandwich. Yeah. And then what about you? You so and wait, Joe Parker, you, you also speak. So I'm pitching all that stuff. We love this to like dead eyes. You tell, you told me that. Or I mean, I read that you like DeVol kitchens. 'cause speaking of renovating your place, what's a Deval kitchen? I had to Google it. Deval is loved spelled backwards. Oh, stupid. It Sean.


It Was so stu So just throw away my notes. Why don't You just look at the word and you say, what, what would be backwards? I didn't know it was that. It's not a real thing. Is it a real thing? Spell out, Loved and put it, go to the mirror. Didn it. Just look At stuff backwards. He Did. Yeah. Wait, it's a real thing. DeVol. Yeah. What The, they had the show on HBO Max called for the Love of Kitchens. And there are these groovy English people in their fifties our age. Yeah. And he was making furniture in the nineties and shopping around antique stores and refurbishing this and building that and meeting all these cool guys and, you know, making a living and being kind of a vagabond artist and making cool stuff.


Yeah. And you know, that started way back then, right? Like right in the seventies, people were making their own furniture and the nomadic life stuff and all that. And then it goes outta style and then it came back. That's right. But now I think there's a resurgence. People are like, let me see things get fixed and built. Right. And give me the reveal. Let me see how it's made. And So I love a reveal. So I I love a reveal. Oh. And so, so yeah, they, she didn't become a creative director on the show Deval until she was in her forties and her kids were grown. Oh. Such a real person. And so they're this partnership, these two people, they're so lovely and have this really beautiful show. Oh, okay.


Got it. And yeah, it's called For the Love of Kitchens. Got it. Got. So Deval is their thing. But see, I don't know if I would, I said bye to the renovation because it's so expensive. I should just like sell, sell it and move somewhere else. Like it's no, just Keep working. Just keep working. Just keep making money and then it, the money, then the price won't matter. Right. You just keep Pumping. It's different for women. Women don't get paid. But the guys, I don't know if you've heard about that. What Thing is a Big discrepancy? There's a big discrepancy. Dar it just is in these little indie movies, you don't make money. Well, but you know what? You should be applauded. But you Do endorsements. You should be applauded for. I I guarantee you, you've been tempted or, or offered or presented with some very ugly low hanging fruit that you have avoided.


Right. Some big, like, Hey Parker, be the star. This big shitty studio movie. And you're like, yeah, I'm good. I, I I I like working with Is that true cool people and cool things? Is it true? It's gotta be true. And, you know, it wouldn't be true now, I'll be honest. I would be angry now. It was true When you were, when you were younger. It was true. It was true when I was younger. Well, no, but, but no, it still is true. You know, I had to turn something down that would've paid me a lot of money after White Lotus and I could barely put a sentence together. I was so white. Yeah. From almost seven months of work in Thailand, seven months and what that heavy lift was and what that long distance run was. Yeah. That it's like, you know, after you were, you go through something, there's like a reverb Yeah.


That I need like three months, three or four months to, to settle down and get back to myself. It's like, And then they're dangling this big paycheck and, and still you were like, No. And I said, I can't. I can't. Good for you. We'll be right back. And now back to the show. You know, it's amazing, Parker, I I, I remember you, we don't know each other, but I lived in New York in the whole nineties when you were doing all the greatest films. And you're one of those people who's doing the kind of stuff that I wanted to do. Like I just like admired you so much and do continue to Yeah. Still to this day. And we're, We're about this same age.


Maybe I'm 55, but, but we're like, Mean you older. You guys both play really young though. But I look, show you Both. Look, but I would see you around and stuff and I wasn't working and I was desperately, but I'd see you around in the city and then doing stuff creep. And we had a lot of mutual and I'd be like, I just, I want to do what she's doing. Yeah. I want do work with, you're working with great directors, you're working with great performers, you're working with great writers all the time. Like consistently, year after year, all the films kicking and screaming party girl, whatever it, all these great movies that you did All the Chris guest stuff. Yeah. Oh, and then all the, and then the, and then you had the Chris guest stuff. I mean, you come On. Be I Parker you Gotta be really proud.


You have a incredible body of work. You need to, I'm just like, but it's, yes. I, I am, you know, I'm, I can't say that I'm proud. That should Doesn't really should. I feel so blessed. I feel so lucky. Yeah. I mean, this not is like lucky, Not lucky, fortunate. It's not luck Had unfortunate You had good fortune, but it's, it's not luck. I I hate to break it. You. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That is there. I see what you mean. Yeah. But yeah, it is a thing. And I, I mean, I wanna write another book. The last seven or eight years have been so I'm just full of stories, you know, love that. And I know I'm love a story maker. And I'm here to, to share what I'm living and, and what I'm learning.


And, And now wait a second, listeners, we have a, we, you know, we hate the term storyteller on this show for the obvious reasons. Yeah. But you No, no, but you just said story maker. I think that's a, that's that's okay. We like that story Maker. Yeah. I think that We're gonna allow it. We're gonna allow it. It's A great fix. Thanks Parker. Po Story maker Parker and Parker. I'll tell you why. And by the way, you could get away with all of it because you have the credibility. There are too many people now in, in this town, and by this town, I mean La Chatsford and, and, and, and New York, I can consider who, who have been that term storyteller has become this thing. And they refer to themselves as a storyteller or Like influencers. I'm so, I'm So, I barely can do zoom right now. Like I've listened to a few of your I am so feeding the bird feed, you know, putting the seed in the bird feeders.


Yes. Like, I didn't even know the storyteller thing was a thing that people are Saying they are. But think about when you hear people say it all the time, you'll go for lunch and people are like, as a storyteller, you're like, you made an episode of a sitcom. Yeah, yeah. Fuck up. Exactly. Like, Whatcha talking about. And why are you referring to yourself in the third person as this, as this abs abstract object that's full of creativity. Like, go fuck Yourself. Right, right. Now you deserve, You're sitting in a chair. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Fucking gimme A fucking, Exactly. But you, but you, you're right. Jason's right. And you say story maker and you are full of stories and you, you deserve it. And there's a thank you. There's a yes. Absolutely. You, you have, you can back it up.


It Feels good to be supported by you guys. You know, like we got my fame hit in the nineties. Yeah. It's being famous and having that kind of success that I couldn't really explain. Yeah. And I still don't really understand it. Like, look at this. I Had older people. Oh, okay. Look at the screen. Look at that. That's Sean P. Hayes baby. That's being you in 1998. And you had no idea who I was. And I was like, I'm obsessed with Parker Posey. And I grabbed you and I took a photo and of course I was in a movie called Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss. And I wear the merch like an idiot. Oh, Sean, I didn't know you were in that. Yeah, exactly. I did it. I saw you. I was Billy and Billy's Hollywood screen kiss.


Yeah. And that's why you Were so incredible in that play. Oh my God. Oh, you're So, I, which one? Hang On a second. Are we talking about, are we talking about stop, stop? What's, what's the double word one? What's The double promises Promise? That's it. That's it. Promises. Promises. But then Parker speaking about being famous said it twice. But, But, so, but being like, like I just had that photo at the Ready 'cause I wanted to show you because that was you at, you know, just becoming Parker Posey in the nineties and being labeled the Indie Queen, which I did you take that as a The literal it girl.


Yeah. The literal it girl. Yeah. Did you take, did you take that compliment? Well, or did you not want that? You know what It is, it's like when people point you out in a place as cool as New York and New York City and you're not cool anymore. So it's like you're, you're, you're, you're, I felt like I was called a name in a way where I was trying to be Right. Or my path was more like, oh, Greg Mottola did a, did a, you know, a reading of his movie that he was trying to get financed. And then I introduced him to Lev Schreiber who was in Party Girl. And then it, we do the day trippers a year later because he couldn't get the original script that he wanted.


Finance. Finance. 'cause the budget was, you know, it was such a community. Right. Yeah. Right, right. And I felt like when it got exposed that right when I got exposed and the whole indie movement got exposed, it also got co-opted by the studio system. That's right. That's right. And then it became this other thing, and all a sudden I wasn't viable to get a movie financed. And it was such a head trip because, and then I would have to audition for Hollywood movies when I'd carried the lead in independent movies that were shot in 23 days. Right. And all of a sudden I'm in a fluorescent lit room, like sweating and feeling like I'm being gaslit.


You know, you were like, I can promise I can do and memorize these lines and the script and I'll have a Blast. Let's Just go trust me. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I wasn't So I had like a good 20 years of that, you know? Right. Yeah. After and then working with great ur Yeah, yeah. And, and doing these, you know, not getting paid a lot, but being able to, you know, work fulfill your, in the world. Yeah. Wealthy with Respect. Yeah. My creativity and Feeling satisfied. I imagine It's, yeah. It's a weird thing. It's like, it's a mystical thing. I think my life and people's lives can have a mystical kind of quality if they're paying attention of like, and it's a, I think it's a healing thing.


I think I evolve, I grow, I I'm kind of a hippie like that. Well, let me ask you this, are you at a spot in your career? And then we're, and then we're gonna talk about your personal life. That's gonna be great. That's gonna be a whole lighting change and music change, but professionally, Costume change. Are you at a place right now that you, that that you had the, the, the balls to even I imagine and dream and, and, and hope for? Is this, is this the career you thought you were gonna have or the career that you hoped that you had? It's a lot there. Wow. That's a lot. Jb Yeah. What the fuck, man? I feel That's a good question. It was really good. You know, when you do a lot of traveling and you're not home, I haven't been home for more than five days since February.


Right. It's so much more interesting than, than your career or where you thought you would be. And as far as like at, you know, the success is something like White Lotus gives you. Right, right. That I feel so blessed. I feel so protected, I feel in my flow. And that is, I feel like I've, I've learned, I've been through a lot, you know? Yeah. From 45 to 56 was a lot. Right. And Like, what do you mean what, what's a lot like, like good or Challenging? My, my like my dad had prostate cancer for 20 years from age in orange in Vietnam. Oh, I'm sorry.


I'm talking like a prolonged grief, like a anticipatory grief. I think I had a lot of grief with my career and going like, I don't quite understand it. As a woman, you get older and then, you know, and the culture changes. So you have that and you, you have good ideas that you pitch that are educational and, and kids would love them and they don't get made. You know, there's a lot of disappointment in the, in the culture right now, now More than ever Now more as an artist. And you're just kind of like, but this is such a powerful medium. I don't understand why more in the as being, you know, on the screen.


You, you know. Right. What, how if the arts are gonna be subsidized in New York isn't gonna be the apex of creativity, then how, what can we make to form something that will be that and will hold that for our playwrights? Yes. For our writers who are born. I love that. To tell their, that have that soul. And I've read enough scripts and I've seen enough plays to know that there is that like divine spark when you read something that is like our town or something that is so, and you know, we used to be a culture that aimed toward that. And I, I, I hope, you know, I, I'm an optimist. Like I will be that, you know, to Moscow, to Moscow check off character till the day I die.


Like I believe. And you know, I, being in Thailand for so long and coming back to America was so inspiring. I mean, everyone like, ugh, you know, I'm like this country and these people and these trees and this nature. Like, do you know how lucky we are? Right. I like, we gotta like shape up in like this, this way. That has been so, amen. What, what, what would you do now that you sit here? I love hearing you talking. Is that too much tooting my arm? Like, is that Option? Are you kidding? I love That. I love everything. Parker. If you had 20 more minutes on that, wait, did you Just toot If you had 20 more minutes on that, we would be good. Yeah. Having said all that, when you sit so sitting where you are today with all that information, like having all that stuff and you tooted, would you, what, what would you, is there anything that you would've done differently?


Was there a moment? Was there a thing? Is there something that you look back on and go, ah, She just doted No. You know what I mean? Stupid? Like, Would you, would you have done anything? Would you have done anything differently? Well, I know because you just all learning about, you know, you're, you're changing and you're like, I mean, I think I I I could have been easier on myself. I think I could have not worked so hard and I could have deserved more and or Felt like you were deserving more, you mean? Yeah. Is that what you mean? Yes, that's right. But wait, but, but Parker, I wanna go through things in your life that kind of, I read about that fascinate me. I didn't know you were a mind, you were trained in mine.


That was a lie. A mind training was, That was a total Lie. Oh, I didn't know that. God. I was like, I had to put a resume and, and, and yeah, I, I'm a fan, but I saw Marcel Moreau of course in New York, like on his 80th birthday perform. Yeah. And I cried my face off my, Because you thought it was amazing that he was moving boxes that weren't there. Yes. Yes. I've never, now where that has Mine. It just, anything that can reach like a 4-year-old and a hundred year, like what that did. Like, it was just so artful and fantastic. Jason has a question about mine. I'm Not making mine, you're not Getting me to make fun of mine, but I lied about it On my resume.


Just did. No, it's still going because I, I feel like it's so sort of kitch now that you could actually make a run at it. If you had, if anyone out there has some mind skills, I bet you could really make yourself a nice living nowadays. 'cause it's kind of ironic. And you could probably pack some, some theaters, some large theaters, maybe not arenas, but I think you could do, you could do a theater for the question is, Is it, is it still going About mine? I mean, your overhead's low. You need something black. Something black and tight. No Props. You're not allowed props. No Words and just white words, Either gloves, go get after it. You need a spotlight. It's a Stripe. Stripe t-shirt and a Spotlight. And some leggings. Yeah. Yeah. I'd go see a, a a mime show.


Okay. So wait, so Parker, you were named after the model Susie Parker, correct? Yeah. There are two parts of the story. Okay. They did love my parents, you know, fell madly in love and, and, and married, married young. And my dad was drafted and the, you know, the twins were born and Yeah, you have a twin brother, which I didn't know about a twin brother. And my, my, my mom had a friend when she was a little girl who, my mom was 12, like 11 or 12, like is still a girl scout. And one of her friends had, her sister had a baby and named her Parker. And my mom, whose name is Linda, with a y who she always hated it, Linda with a y Why does my mother Linda with a Y And She Goes, oh, there's a little butterfly outside.


No way. Let's stop for a second. And so my mom said, if I ever have a little girl, I'm gonna give her a strong name like Parker. Right? But then she met my dad with this name like Posey. And I almost died at birth. My dad was like there in his army. What? Wait, wait, wait. Let's not gloss over that. Hang on a second. We Stop for the butterfly. But you, but you don't stop for the, You plow through the death. Were You, were you almost dropped or, or was it, what happened? Was it, so were you still in the, in the oven? I was still in the oven. I was born premature.


I was, and my, you know, oh, and a week before on Halloween, my mom got the news that she was having twins. And so the story was that I was in her ribs and they didn't even know where I, where I was. Oh God. So I was out at three, three Pounds. Pounds. Like e speaking the Bible. Right? Like came from Adam's rib. Keep going. Yeah, there you go. Wow. There you go. It's all coming together. And so yeah, I, I was like, not even three pounds and Wow, that's small. And so the doctor came in saying, your your, your boy is fine, but we don't know about your girl. We need a name. And so, so we're just gonna Parker right here.


And So I'm gonna Park right here and what's the middle name? And my middle name is Christian because they, they wanted the help of, of Jesus and God and anyone else who would listen. And, and so yeah, my dad will tell this story that he was in the hospital with a six pack of beer, like kneeling and praying as he's like looking at me in an incubator with these, like, with these. And he's like, please God, please let my little girl live. And at that moment I screamed, no way. Oh wow. And so my dad, So I was like, okay, now my dad, my dad talks to God all the time. So it was like such a crazy story to tell like a little kid.


Yeah. You know how you tell. So I got a lot of that mythologizing. Yeah, That's cool though, As a kid, which I, and then he also said, and I looked at that beer can, and I said, my my girl is the size of this beer can, she's like a beer can with legs. And that was like, Yeah. I was Like, and look at me now. So, oh God. Were you, were you treated like this sort of the, the, the the golden child there result? 'cause you kind of like, against all odds you kind of came to life and all that stuff? No, no, no, no, no, no. They were, I think that's often the case, isn't it? Like sometimes people, I mean, I was definitely daddy's girl. Yeah. My dad, I describe as a comedian without a venue.


I like it. He was really funny and really a performer, you know. And Tell me about that time because about your dad calling you, you were in the summer program. I I didn't know you were in ballet. I didn't know you took ballet. I was a, I was a ballerina and my dad, I auditioned. I, I went away when I was 12 for North Carolina School. Yards to dance. And I loved ballet and I auditioned for the, for the dance program. And I didn't get in and I was devastated. And my dad called the dean of the school and he said, my daughter's gonna be devastated. What do I tell her? And he said, Lee loved her so much and she almost got in 'cause she's so much fun.


But you just tell her she's an actress. And that's how it all started. Oh really? No way. Really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And So I went back to NCSA for acting and it was there, I did clowning and maybe that's why I, you know, I made fun of mime back then, but I, you know, I have respect for mime and I appreciate Yeah, for sure. Mime and I did movement and dance and all of that. And So where did You grow up? Where was your childhood? Monroe, Louisiana. Oh, really? And so after Born in Baltimore, raised in Louisiana and then Mississippi. That's right. We moved to Laurel when I was 12. So I was already like out the door. What was your first pro gig? It was a short, I was a, a junior in college and it was a short called first love fatal love for HBO about a, a woman and a young person in high school who had aids.


And this was played by a woman named Alex o Dare, who I love and adore. She's Gabby Hoffman's older sister. And she's just brilliant and a great person and woman. And she wrote a book too. And she's just wonderful. And Steve Z Steve Z had 10 lines in that. I had 10 lines. How had 10 lines old. I was 20, I think. Wow. Wow. 19. That's amazing. And then what, and then you went, you did that, you graduated from co where, where were you? And then you, What about you? I wanna hear like the little stories, like when did that all click for you guys? No, But when, when, how did you get to New York? You're in the chair. Yeah, you're in the chair. You are in the chair. So when you moved to New York, So at NCSA when I was there at 16, 'cause I, I went for the summer programs and I just loved it.


One of the teachers there named Molly and she had this big cow, she was a modern dance teacher and she had this big cow patty bun on her head and wore like, you know, cow patty bun leotards and character skirts all day long. She'd been wearing them for like 35 years. Right. And I love the modern dance teachers. She said, you know, you may wanna try auditioning for SUNY purchase for drama. And because these schools accept different types of actors. Yeah. And So I wanted to, so it was the, I auditioned for NCSA, Julliard and SUNY Purchase and Purchase was a school I got into. That's amazing. Wow. And your roommate was Sherry? So I started and I, I was going to, I was living in New York City the junior 19 89, 90 of my junior year.


Wow. And freelancing with a, a manager. I know. Gosh, it's wild to think about how long I've been doing This. That was the year I moved to, to New York. 90. Wow. Same year. Where did you live? Oh, everywhere. We'll be right back. And now back to the show, Parker, you've talked a lot about your, you know, you described your family as like these fabulous southern characters that you emulate sometimes and stuff. Like what it, what is your favorite things to go to when creating characters that emulate your family? Like, like a lot of my Midwestern stuff.


Like I do that too. Like our mid, we call pop instead of soda, you know? Yeah. There's Portillos, which is a very, you know, popular Midwestern chain, obviously the pizza. This Is insane character work you doing. I just wanna, just As a quick aside, how do you fuck anything about 50? How do keep track of it all? Just as aside, where did you Anything about 50 Degrees Are in Erritory now. Who are we talking to? Who are we talking to right now? I know I gotta chat. I gotta, I gotta go to zero So I can't wait. So Soda, you call pop Pop? Yes. Hang On. Can I get a pen?


I'm a cinnamon rolls with Chili is very Midwestern. I put ketchup on steak. My mom used to say like, my mom used to. What If you were to play somebody from the northeast? Who? Me or Parker? Yeah. What are you Putting on your steak? Then? You, Sean. Sean. Sean. Sorry. What would you call are still Shada Then? I don't know what they call Seltz Seltzer. Right? Seltzer a seltzer. Or do they call it seltzer? Now You're in call. Don't They call soda? And If you were in the south, you'd call everything a coke. That's No matter what. Yeah, Coke. Anyway. I didn't know if there was any Yeah, the South is a different, you know, I just, yeah, I Did you read plays? Did everyone read plays as a young actor? Yeah. Always. Yeah. I didn't So is that, well you were already on that TV show Jason, Some dumb dumb stuff.


Yes. How cute were you on that little Show? I mean, pretty cute. I was like, he's cute. He's Really cute. He's very cute. He's still very cute. Very cute. Don't, don't kid Yourself. Let's go slow through this section. Okay. So listen then Parker, I wanna go through your hobbies, if it's okay to call 'em hobbies, pottery, sewing, Ashtanga Yoga, which I have no idea what that is. Ashtanga Ayurvedic Medicine. I have no idea what that is. Like what are all those things? Stupid. So stupid. Oh my God. What are those things? What's, what's Auric Is that it auric.


Okay. I iur when I was doing, I did a movie called the I with Jessica Alba. And it was based on a Korean film. Yay, Jessica. It was based in a, a Korean film, a horror film about a woman who's blind and gets a chance to, I'll be honest, I never saw. And so she, my sister Jessica gets her eyes as does, you know, gets a surgery where she gets these eyes back. Yeah. And they're the eyes of her murderer. And it was a great part because as her sister, because all I had to do is like, what's going on? You seem different. You know?


And I was in New Mexico for like three weeks and I went to the Ayurvedic Institute and I, and I sat in on some classes with Ayurvedic teacher named Dr. Vasant Lad, who is like one of these leading Ayurvedic people in the country. And if you know Andrew Weil, I think his name is or Sure. With the, with the, with the big gray beard. Yeah. That guy. And so he's, what do you know about it? Yeah, no, I know. And I sat in on some classes at the institute there and I met this, I hung out at the Anaperna Cafe, which is like the Indian Cafe and found the yoga classes.


But heard from this guy Prakash, that there was a, there was an Ayurvedic school and I should go because this Dr. Vasant is incredible. Yeah. So I sat in on some classes there. It was really cool. What do they teach? What is Ayurvedic? Yeah. It's a science. It's a science of the body. And like, we're born into these bodies that tell us what our psychology is and what our diet, how we should eat. And, and then the, there's three different, there's, it's Pitta, Vata and Kaa. So everyone falls into these different categories of, of if there's like, if like I burn through energy, you know, like when I'm working I'm like, I'm, I'm quick to, to grasp things, but I can easily forget them.


Yeah. And so it's like a way of your bo you're designed in a certain way. We're incarnated into these bodies to have this kind of experience. And with these bodies, they are teaching us how to be centered and aligned and, and open. And, and there's Certain programs that that benefit each type of body. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And certain foods. So there were people who had cancer. That's interesting. Who did the Ayurvedic? There's a, it's called Pacha Karma. I think that's interesting. I look into that. It's really interesting. And through diet, they've healed themselves. And then they're like, okay, we're opening a, a restaurant in Hawaii and I'm gonna serve Ayurvedic food because this is healing people more than my chemo did.


You know? Right. Wow. So when my dad had cancer, I tried to get him to, you know, be more, to be healthier. And I, I saw someone sent me a docu, a doc called, I think Surviving Cancer, which had an interview of all these people who said, I'm not doing chemo, I'm just gonna see what happens with my diet when I change it. And anyway, it's kind of, That is interesting. I like All that stuff. I've met, I've, I've met two people in my life who in the last 20 years, who had different forms of cancer who were, who did similar things, who, who changed not just their diet but their lifestyle, removed stress and did all that stuff and were able to completely eliminate the cancer.


The one, this one guy had been a firefighter and he developed lung cancer. True story. And he ended up being jb he ended up being one of the coolest guys ever met. He quit his life, he moved to Carmel and he became a caddy at Pebble. No way. Wow. And he is one of, yeah, this guy Ryan. And he's one of the coolest people I've ever met. And he's like, I just, I wake up every morning and I walk, my wife does it. We make all this stuff. And we, and I've changed my life. And I like being a caddy. I'm out here in the thing. He plays golf as well. He's like, and I've just Zero stress. This is what I do now. Zero stress. He, he refused the chemo and he beat it. Now I, that's Amazing. That's amazing. I know, I, I, I don't know if it works for, but he, he really did it. And he went full, full bore.


He went, he, he leaned into it and in addition to beating the cancer, and I think that he was predisposed to be this way. He had an incredible energy about him. He was a, he was an incredibly empathetic kind person. And he had, he had an aura about him. Like really? Pretty, pretty amazing. That's Cool. Or you can wake up every morning and eat a Pop-Tart and stress out about your bottom line. Right Sean? And answer and answer emails Like a, like A, like A crazy person. Like a gopher. That's me. Parker by the Way, before you hit send, you get a reply from a shot. Am I agree. Poptart. Do you eat Poptart Shot? I do. Sometimes I have a couple boxes in then with, With a glass Of milk.


With a glass of milk. But I have to cut down on the sugar just 'cause it's not, I don't have to cut it all the way out. I just have to cut. Did it Go last night? I didn't have a dessert last night for the first time in like, 10 years. And did you wake up feeling a little snappier? I did, actually. I slept a little better actually. What happened? Yeah, yeah. Like That. Now Parker, when you were in Thailand, did you see a lot of the Ayurvedic folks and, and, and, and some of your yoga practice I bet. Was there was. Oh my god. I did it all. I was so excited. I Bet. Like I bet that was a dream for you. You must have loved it there. It was a dream. I, I heard about this place called Kamaya. Mike's lawyer's wife. She, I, I, I just struck up a conversation.


We, we had all just landed there like a week, you know? Yeah. And she said, I'm going to this place called Kamaya, it's for women of a certain age. And you know, I'm gonna go there for two weeks and get this all sorted out. And then I saw her two weeks later and she, it was just like, Oh, really? And what do you mean just exhausted? No. Transformed. She Was like, it changed my life. Oh, wow. Wow. She had, she got grounded. She was centered. She was like, it opened up a lot of healing. And so this place in these, it's very, you know, there's an Ayurvedic chef there and it's a wellness center. And it has one of those, those plaques that Mike visited the, this place for white lotus, you know, a digital detox, please.


No cell phones at the table and all of that. And there was a communal table. And I mean, I, I got to, I got to stay there for six weeks. Oh my God. Wow. And I did reiki, I did sound baths. I, I went to that liminal space you were talking about earlier in the show, right. The hypnotic Space where you're in between consciousness and you're in a theta state, I think it's called too. And I had waking like moments and dreams and I saw things and it was like, it, it was, it was founded on a, on a monks cave like 25 years ago. This couple, John and Corina met each other and then reconnected and built this, this, this beautiful place.


So it's, the thing about Thailand that is so special is, is the, or the people. Yeah. Yeah. Like a rite of passage as a, as a, you know, I don't know how old is a 13-year-old is, or maybe in high school, is to live in a monastery and live off the kindness of others who, who are going to drop off food for you to eat. Wow. Wow. So they have, it's a lot of reciprocity. Okay. At Kamaya, there was a doctor named Dr. Cn. I had this oo kaftan dress on, on with dogs on it. And so she knew, and I love dogs.


And so she told me about her, she showed me pictures of her dog. Kk, KK means crooked and tie. And KK had crooked eyes and his little, like, you know, a mix, kind of a corgi mix, but a little stockier. Sure. And the dog, she showed me these, these, these pictures of KK with like carrying a dead leaf, like a leaf or a branch in his mouth. Her mouth. Even KK knows to bring offerings when she wants something. Wow. So she would make offerings of like a leaf or something. She'd bring it to the door for food at the back doors and at the best. And then, and then when you got back to the united, when you got back to the United States, you're like, oh, this is the best country in the world.


So listen, van Nuys now wait, they're, They're so kind. Like it's so Yeah. They're so present with You. I love that. And it's just so Well yeah. Anyway, I could tell you guys kind of spaced out and checked out. No, we were listening. No, I love that. We were listening. Totally. We were listening. I love that Parker. No Dayson confused party girl. You were queen of the introduced all the waiting for Guff and Best In Show White Lotus. You were you killed in that show. You have, remind me the name of the movie movie that's coming out. It's called Wild Horse WildHorse nine. Yes. Wild. And really quick before, do you remember when I came to your apartment in New York when you were practicing mandolin for Mighty Wind, Christopher Guest?


Yes. That's right. Yes. And we, I sat there in your apartment with you and you're like, I wanna see what it's like to be in a Christopher Guest movie. And you showed me the outline, best in show or no of my, of a Mighty Wind. Ah. And I was like, oh really? So you just make all this stuff up, like you completely improvise. It was, it's really cool. And then you were showing me this song that you were making up with the mandolin. Right. I just, I just thought that was fascinating to me. Yeah. So I think I kind of got what it was to learn an instrument at the end there. Like I could start jamming with songs and then get that kind of space. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was so cool. I'm so glad I, I got to do, yeah, do that. And you remember our Oscar winning film we did together called The Sweetest Thing?


Fuck Yes. I mean, was that not you? Just Creatively Yeah, I know. We most Fulfilling. We killed it. Right? We killed it. I Love it. I was so excited to be working with you. Be Will You be, will you stay? I really enjoyed hanging out with you guys. You know, I know you do these things and then you don't really feel like you're hanging out and so Well, We're gonna come over the Chateau right now. We're gonna have lunch. We're gonna speed over, over. I have something at two 30 and that's it, Parker. Oh, we love you very much. Thank you for being here. You this such a fan. So I hope you win. Thank you. I hope you win for White Lotus 'cause you deserve it. Yes, Please. Thank you. Yeah. I just hope I'm nominated. Yes. Set that honor to be nominated and I hope that happens.


So thank you. Fun night for sending out that Hollywood vibe. I love it. Yes. Yes. You get our votes. Thank you guys. Bye honey. Love you. Thanks. Thank you Parker. Posey. Thanks. Love you guys. Thank You. Bye. Bye. Bye. That was, oh, then she covers up. Look at that. Look at that. She knows what she's doing. I know What I'm doing. Love her. Wow. Yeah. Really? That Parker? She's so funny. She's an original. Yeah, She's, Oh. It's just consistently exciting to Watch. She was on Will and Grace a lot, many episodes of Will and Grace. Oh really? Yeah. Why didn't we talk about that? Yeah. What, What happened to that? I didn't know. I, I didn't know whether to be like, Hey, remember when you were in Will and Grace? Yeah. I didn't have any question about it. It didn't stop me. Yeah. About what did stop You Remember what we did?


Sweetest thing together. Yeah, I know. But yeah, I mean, she was, she's always been so kind. Said, I've never met her before, So I remember her. Oh, really? Isn't isn't she hilarious? Yeah, she's amazing. She's great. And she, she's as Advertised. She delivers. Yeah. And she's, I I don't know about you guys. I love all that kind of talk about like, all that healing stuff and the I Ivar or whatever it's called. That's what it was. Veristic good for you Or something? I, I, Ayurvedic. Ayurvedic. That's what it's Ayurvedic. I wanna learn more about that. No, you don't. We want you to learn More about it. I do. I actually do wanna learn more about It. Why don't you go to Thailand for six weeks and go to, why Don't you the fucking Idiot that wellness center and get yourself flushed out.


Yeah. Why? Why'd you go fucking, he won't even go to the 4 0 5. What do you think he's gonna fucking Thailand scrap some of the impacted Vs. You've got right out. Can You imagine he had to go to a place that he didn't have access to Jeopardy every night He'd be Or Wheel of Fortune. In the Wheel of Fortune. Never fucking happening. No, I'm not going to Thailand. No. I appreciate these almonds, but do you have any hickory almonds? Absolutely. How about when she stopped for that butterfly? I love that. And you know what Butterfly rhymes With here? They come. Here it comes Butter. Bye. What? No. That's not even a thing, man. God Rhymes butterfly. No, keep working. You can just make sure Will and I'll will and I are talk.


We'll talk for a while. Do Google searching. Come up with a buy will. What's going on with your mic stand? I Don't know, man. Leave it alone. Is there anyone in the office with you Will? Yeah. There are three other people here. Oh yeah. What are they doing? Counting paperclips. They're working, man. They're working away. Look at we got, we got Twisted Metal season two coming out this summer on Peacock. Oh, look at that. Let's give it a plug. Twisted Metal. Well, you asked, you Asked. This is, this is a behind the scenes tour. Hard Rock Tour. Super Team Canada. We got Super Team Canada coming out. That's already out. That's a animated show. Check it out. Fantastic.


We also have our new doc that just got released. Sexiest Man in Winnipeg. Listen, we got a lot of things going on. Okay, sure, Sure, sure, sure. Yeah. So Sexiest Man in Winnipeg. That's, that's about a doctor you said. It's about he just got outta prison. Do you wanna know? The truth is, it's about a guy who was a sports reporter. Anytime you're ready, Sean. I can't, I can't find fuck. You can't come up with a Buy. I had a whole list. Oh, It's the Sexiest Man in Winnipeg and it's about a guy who's a sports reporter who started robbing banks. True story. Okay. Well it sounds like a lot of stories going on. It sounds like you're taking one and another one and you're coming.


Don't allow it just to make the pain go away. Smart. Less smart, less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally Handcrafted by Michael Grant, Terry, Rob Arm, JV and Bennett Barco. Go Smart. Less.