
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Thank you to Paramount Plus for sponsoring today's episode of smartlist. Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League. The UFA Champions League has reached the knockout stage where the best of the best in European Club soccer face off to be. Crowned champions of Europe. Watch the best coverage of the best soccer in the world all season long. Live on Paramount plus experience the excitement of every single match. Live exclusively on Paramount. Plus visit paramount plus.com/live sports to get started.


Spring celebrations are in full swing. And with Mother's Day just three weeks away, now's the time to shop Macy's friends and family event. Get up to an extra 30% off your favorite brands and 15% off beauty. Just use promo code friend, find perfect gifts and fresh spring styles from Steve Madden, Clinique and more think lightweight knits, midi dresses and timeless jewelry. But hurry, this event ends. May 4th shop now@macys.com or in store exclusions supply.


So listen. Yep, this is, this is, I know Sean's favorite part of the show. The cold open. This is Super fun. Yeah. The Sha shoe. Sha shoe. Well, but no, no, no. That, that is his, is his really favorite part of the show is what follows here. After the fun music, he gets to do his, his coffee chat. But right now he sort of welcomes the, the listener in. Right. How you doing? How's everybody going? He gets A sense of everything, asks everybody how they're doing, And then like a little funny quip, like what's the bit gonna be? You know what I mean? Or I could do a dad joke. You know, you can do a dad joke. I could do like something like I could do something like I asked, or, or I know you could do that. Yeah. Or you could just say to our audience, you could just say, hi.


Hi. Welcome to SmartLess. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, Smart, smart. Less, I have to say something. Okay. This year, you guys, both of two of my best friends in the whole world, you, both of you are doing some of the best work I've ever seen you do. I'm hanging out with Will on the set of his movie, and I've seen some footage and will the, the work is truly, truly incredible. This is what I'm hearing.


Well, Truly incredible. Mind blowing. I've never seen, people are gonna be blown away. Not surprised. And Jay, when I, and then Jay, when I sat down and watched Black Rabbit, I've already spoken about it. It's so, this year is so exci, I'm so excited for people to see both of you in these two incredible pieces. And I know you can cringe when I say this pieces of art because I do believe that there are two pieces Of Thank you Art. Thank you. From Well, you said re you the Tony Award-winning. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that's not why I said it. That's not I said You. No, but you set the tone. Sure. For us. You, you kinda let out and you know what a Fuck. Read it spicy from the Tabasco. And now And now. That was unexpected.


Nobody thought, watch him go back. That's As he's getting yanked out. Nobody let, I have a good wait. I have a, when Do we start recording this episode, you guys? Because I got a hard out. I know, I know. Wait, listen. Your guest, Sean, your guest is going crazy. Do you want me, I know I'm gonna get there, but do you want me to ask you guys a like thoughtful question that we can riff on? Or I have a joke or we can just get to the guest choice Of Pat or today? Yeah. What do you want? What's Happening? You've had some time. We haven't done one of these in a couple of weeks. I guess you've got some That's what I'm material. That's what I'm saying. I'd love a dad joke. I'd like a joke joke. A dad joke.


Okay. Well this is the, I have, okay, I can do a dad joke. I can also do a good, this is a great joke I just heard yesterday. Fuck. You have genres of jokes too. Like a, you have subsection hobby to you. Alright, So this guy, this patient is in, that patient is in an a urologist office and the doctor says, well, the result is that you gotta stop masturbating. And the patient says, why? And the doctor says, 'cause I'm talking to you. I love it. Yeah, love it. Oh really? I thought that was funny. I love it. Love it. I love it. Oh wait, then I got wave through my Head. I've got one like that, but I, I don't have it yet. You know what, fully It's old. How about this Rusty? Yeah, go ahead. Why did the Mexican, why did the Mexican take anti-anxiety medication?


Hmm. Careful For Hispanic attacks. Oh, that's all right. That's okay. I feel like that's okay. I feel like That's okay. Yeah. But also let's get to the, but also, but also also for the record, no reaction. I have zero reaction story of my life. Ready? Here we Go. America G Guys, my guest today who's far funnier than I am, grew up in the Kansas City area. And he's a diehard Kansas Jason Sudeikis, Diehard Kansas City Chiefs fan. He's the co-owner Paul of the candy store in Reinbeck, New York. Paul Rudd at Paul Rud. And he once said his secret, secret, bring him out. Staying youthful fed. Spent eight hours of sleep. You Got very stuff. People often still mistaken for Ben Affleck. He met his wife when looking for a publicist after filming Clueless.


It's the hilarious, delightful and widely talented Paul Rudd. Why Paul? Wait, did you Guys hear light reveal? Let's doing his Slight reveal. This is long reveal. Wait, How did you know he was from Kansas? Kansas City? Lemme tell something guys. There's only a few. There's Claire McCaskill, there's Rob Riggle, there's Jason Dick. There's Didn't know that. How do you even know that, Paul? Do you get mistaken for Claire McCaskill A lot? I get a lot of her emails and it's usually when they talk about the, the three from kc, The Big three, It's, it's Sade is me and Ca McCaskill.


How, How has it taken this long for Sean? I feel like this is Sean's fault, but Make a deal any earlier than now. And now finally, you've given us a manageable price. Elene Kian Was and here You was. Rough. Yeah. In the negotiation. She us up on this. Oh, Are you with Eileen too, Paul? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's a package, Right? That, that's your manager. That's great. Always. She's great. A great back when she was an, she was my agent when she was an assistant. That's, that's how far back we go. Yeah. No Way. Oh wow. How about that? Yeah. Wait a second. So, so she was working the phones for the, for the real agent and that real agent kind of siphoned you off on the junior slash receptionist. Yeah. ICM It was right around right since kind of clueless.


Yeah. Wow. Wow. And, and wait, I wanna go back 'cause I didn't know you own a candy store. Can you talk to me about the candy store please? Sure. Like where, where is It? Oh, you want an address on it? Cover Sean's, It's called, called Samuel's Sweet Shop and it's in Reinbeck, New York. Wow. And it was, it was, it was started by a guy named Ira. Sure. And he was, it was just this sweet guy. And it, no pun, he passed away sadly when he was very young. And we, we didn't want the candy store to kind of go away because it's, it's not a big place, not a big town. And, and all the not school kids would work there. And everyone needs a candy store. And So Jeffrey, Dean Morgan.


Yep. And Hillary Burton, who are neighbors of mine. Yeah. Let's, yeah, I know me some. Jeffrey Dean. You do. I like That guy. I like all his performances in one. Sorry. Anyway, we all, we went in and another guy named Andy Ostro. We, we went in and bought the candy store and now we, and We run it. Wow. Now Rhinebeck is, that's that. You can't walk there from the city. Right? That's a, that's a, that's a trip. You can, it'll take you a while. Yeah. Yeah. You'd need a lot of candy to fuel it. Yeah. Is it, it's like a two hour drive. It's about a two hour drive. Yeah, about an hour, depending on if you're leaving from the Upper West side. It's about an hour and 45. Well, I'll leave, I'll get a head start.


The Jenny Slate also owns a small store like upstate New York, like Massachusetts. Lot of people, oh, nevermind. Moving on a general storage. She's a general store. A same Research. Are we gonna start going down? Sean, you you wanna start listing people who also own businesses? Just Come on down 85 and let us know. Paul's got a candy store in Rhine back. Okay. Started by Ira and that's It. Wait, so go back. So you met your, you met Alene that way, and then you met your wife because you were looking for a publicist. Is that right? Yes. Well, I was the director of Clueless. You Were the director. Oh, Amy Hacker. I was Not. Okay. So Amy Hackley said, after we filmed Clueless, I knew nothing about anything.


I I still don't that much. Really? But were you clueless? Yeah, I was clueless. Well done. You Welcome to SmartLess. God. Hey guys, we got, we're cooking with gas tape up seven 30. I Mean, yeah. By the way, I love Julie. Your wife Julie. She's awesome. Oh, I love her. Oh, thank You. Yeah. And she loves Julie. That's What it is. Thank you. Gonna see She loves you guys. And she said to say hi. And she also said, say nice things about her. So I love my wife. Oh, wow. And, and and, and she's an avid listener. And then we just hear the page flip and then you, And now it's enough of her. And so yeah. So what were you talking about? I was talking about meeting Julie. Looking, looking for a publicist on Clueless.


Amy Heckerling Paul, you're upstate. So, so you meet your wife Julie, you meet her through, she's your publicist. We've been through that. I mean, let's just get down to that. Here are the Brass acks. Nobody really cares. You are a guy who has been. They do. I do. You've Been working at the highest level for over 30 years. And I mean that in a way. You have been consistently doing stuff, comedy, drama, awesome stuff. All this like Right. Always no missteps, Nothing, No missteps. Yeah. Now one, I think there are a few, No, not even, not even hollow. No. Halloween six. Not even that. I saw that You were fucking great in that, that was 75 years ago. That was so good. That's the first thing I ever did. The first movie. I, No, was it really That true? Yeah. Did Now had you seen the first five parts?


You, are you kidding Me? I mean, lost In the storyline. I've seen all of them. I saw all of them. You saw 'em all. Yeah. I love them. I saw the first and loved it there. There was five more. Is that right? No, there Was No, he was invited even more than that. Yeah. The first is a classic. Yeah. Yeah. When you get to six potholes, Whatcha are talking about? I loved it. Yeah. There's some shark jumping. Yeah. Oh yeah. Do you end up getting killed in that one? Spoiler. No. I, I survived. Do you, do you, do you get a good shot in on him? I remember. Yeah. We have a, we get into it. We had some scrapes Knife fight. Yeah, no. Now, because you've done so many movies, do you really truly remember? Sorry, what Jason's asking?


Yeah. No, I Wait, I want wrap. Oh, what was the weapon that you guys were, were tossing with? Whoa. You and Mike Myers? I think I hit him with a pipe. Okay. I think I maybe hit him with Pipe. That's a good choice. So you stun him for a second, but then he Continues the after You he kill, he never runs. That was, It didn't kill Him. No. That's what's horrifying about Mike Myers is that he never runs. He just walks. Yeah. 'cause he's gonna get you. You, he just walks. He's gonna take his time. Did you ever do a tie in around, around Halloween at the candy store with like, photos of yourself from the movie? That'd be good. This Is a great, thank you. Will. That's a great idea. I idea. I haven't done it. Yeah. I haven't really done that yet. But maybe, maybe this year. Write This stuff down, Paul. So you end up surviving six, but was not, you not in seven, did you Know?


No, I I didn't. I they didn't ask me about seven. They Did like a cash change. Like Fargo or I think they might have worked. Oh my God. I wanna say in seven. It might have been Josh Hartnett. They did a White Lotus swap. That Might have been H2O. Oh HUO. I remember that one. I think it came back strong in seven. If I, if I, if I had been a reviewer of seven and knowing and that you weren't in it, my headline for my review would've been all trick and no treat. Oh geez. You know. Oh man. Yeah. You know, Paul, you're in a pre special episode of SmartLess. So far we're only 31 minutes in. Really? That's really sweet. And we're not even The the first question. Yeah. 29 of which my microphone went down. But I know I did want, I did want I know.


Can I just say also how, how fun it is just to, you know, when to listen to You guys knees bent. We're only halfway through to Listen to you guys before I come on and to hear the jokes, which I really, really liked. Did you like my urologist joke? I did like the urologist joke. See, you're the one. Yeah. I'm a fan of the dad jokes. I heard one not that long ago that I really liked. Which was what did, where did McKidd Mellons go for the summer? Mm. Where, where To John Cougar's Mellencamp. Nice. That's a good one. I love it. I've, I've, I've remembered my urologist joke. Guy goes in for a prostate Exam. Oh Shit. Oh my God. No. Jesus.


No, this, come on, Watch this Paul, watch this. It's not gonna, we don't have any I like a good prostate exam joke. No, Paul, watch. Watch how you blooded a joke. Keep going. Jason. Watch. Go Jason, try it. I'll double right. Try before I cross do it right before I chest the tape, I will fall. Here we go. So guy walks into urologist. Hey, he is gotta get his prostate exam. And so he is gotta lean over the table. He is gotta get the, the old. And so the doctor says, Okie doke. Here we go. This time Jimmy, no hard on. And the guy turns around, he says, my name's Bill. He goes, yeah, no, I'm Jimmy. Yeah. That's Not even, I, I've heard Jason try to tell the joke 50 times Way.


It's A great joke. One times he is like, and the guy Paul says, and then Paul says, Jimmy. And he goes, bill, I'm not, I'm Jim. And I'm like, whatcha? And I looked at him. I know, like, whatcha are you doing? Listen, I don't write. I speak. Wait. We're gonna get we're we're gonna get to your Life. Here. Here. Sean. Sean, I'm gonna grab the reins here. So Paul, we, So I talking about, I've been trying No, because you've been, you, you're all gussy up on Pop-Tarts, Paul. So I was saying that you've been at the top of level. So you, you, you, you start outta the gate, you're sure you do Halloween six. It's amazing. But, but then you do like clue. You just do so many movies. So how was it that you came, what was the thing, first of all, what was your first professional job? Not necessarily movie, but how did you know, like, it seems like you've been doing it at the highest level from moment one.


But what was moment one for you? Like how did you, how'd you leave Kansas City? What was that thing? Did you Oh yeah, I didn't have any of those questions Prepared. Go ahead. Well, well, fuck, we're 25 minutes in, man. I mean, whose Fault is that? Well, Paul's microphone. It is totally, it's this weak connection that I have. Thank you for saying that. Will, it's not, it's, thank you Colin. I don't think it's totally true. I've made many missteps and I've, I've been very fortunate in many instances. But when I was a kid, I just loved comedians. I loved watching SNL and all of that stuff and listening to Steve Martin albums. And I think that, you know, when I was kind of in school, we had speech class, we had a radio and TV class.


I loved watching the David Letterman show. And I used to start making little videos like he used to do. Yeah. And I used to perform in speech competitions. And when I was, yeah, I wanna say about 16 years old, my neighbor in Kansas City said, what do you think you wanna study? What do you think you want to, you know, pursue? And I said, I don't know. I'm, I like the arts and I like drawing and all of that. And he said, what about an actor? It seems like that's something that you would maybe like to do. And I think it was some kind of lightning bolt moment where I thought, yeah, maybe that is what I'd like to do. Because I certainly always liked funny stuff and movies and, and everything else. And I, it feels like from that moment on, I decided, oh, this is exactly what I'm gonna try and pursue.


And I then went to school for it and I studied it. And I And what were these, what was this humorous interpretation thing? Because we had something similar in high school, but it was called Forensics. I dunno why it was Called Forensic. Yeah. Forensics. Exactly. This is, it was called Forensics in Kansas City too. And sometimes I would tell people I, I studied Forensics and they think it's like what Quincy did. Yeah. Right. Quincy Quincy, yeah. Quincy for Medicine. Yeah. For all the young listeners. Quincy. Yeah. Do we know why? Do we know why it's called Forensics? Sean? I don't, I don't. I I, and, and in high school people would be standing against a wall and talking to it, like, and I didn't know what they were doing, but they were rehearsing like, but really close to a wall and talking to a wall. I thought that was the weirdest thing, but now I get it. They were just rehearsing their monologue or their Forensics or whatever it was.


You sure? You weren't institutionalized? You weren't in an institution at that point. Is there, it looks like an institution. You may have still been at the hospital. Sean. It wasn't even comedic Forensics that, that I Well, there were different categories. Yeah, there was dramatic interpretation, right? Humorous interpretation, right. Prose and poetry. Improvised duet acting. And yeah. And we will be right back.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I don't know, it's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, and did I say job title yet? So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


You've booked your flights, you've booked your place to stay. Now what adventure doesn't need to begin when you arrive with Get Your Guide Planning is as much of an experience as the trip itself Get Your Guide is an online platform where you can discover and book a range of activities in the US and around the world. Choose from over 150,000 experiences, including guided tours, sightseeing excursions, adventure activities, museum tickets, and so much more. Get your Guide brings the thrill of discovery to every moment leading up to your trip. No matter where you're headed. Get your guide is the best way to connect with your destination. With locally vetted and expertly curated experiences, there's something for everyone. Whether it's must-see iconic attractions or unexpected Under the radar gems. I'm going to London later this summer and somebody just sent me a list of great restaurants. Get Your Guide can do it just as great. It's awesome. With flexible booking options, mobile tickets, and millions of verified reviews. You'll find everything you need to simplify trip planning and book the best things to do in thousands of destinations. Discover and book experiences for your next trip@getyourguide.com. That's Get Your guide.com.


Bori is incredibly versatile and it's incredibly comfortable. I love it. I wear it all the time. It's designed to look great beyond the gym. Whether you're running errands, heading to the office, or you know, meeting up with friends after work or something. The core short is the short that started it all. For Vuori. It defines fitness versatility. One short, every sport ideal for fitness, running and training, but also stylish and comfortable enough to wear all day. It moves without restriction. It's soft, lightweight and has a four-way performance stretch. It has built-in comfort and support with a breathable boxer brief liner. There's a perfect fit for every preference that's available in three inseam options. I own Core Short, I also own the Ponto Short, which I love. They're super, super comfortable. I wear 'em running into the gym, I wear 'em to the store. I come home, I lay on the couch, I get up, I do some another errand. It just, you never have to take 'em off. Sometimes even sleep with 'em. Not only will you receive 20% off your first purchase, but enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 in free returns. Go to Vuori dot com slash SmartLess and discover the versatility of Vuori clothing exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. So Paul, I I heard you were a DJ for a while, right? Well, I, I mean barely. You know, I Oh, okay. I thought it was like a long, I thought a years long thing did. I really did dj. But when you say to people that, you know, oh, I used to dj that sounds like it was kind of a cool thing. But the way I djd was not cool in it was At weddings and Bar Mitzvahs and stuff. Yeah. Bar Mitzvahs. And by the way, eventually it was that the first time I DJ'ed was, I was in high school, it's just an Ice cream Truck. And I went, nobody, they're like, what? We don't even have equipment in this thing. We, we, I was trying to get a job as a waiter.


I was in high school and, and I went to different restaurants and I had really long hair and I didn't wanna cut my hair because I, I was, because you're a GI was a, I was a cheese ball and I'm like, I gotta keep this. Yeah, sure, sure. You're crushing it. And so, and So I was getting rejected at every waiting, you know, application fill out. Like there's no way I couldn't get a job. And I went to this bar called St. Studebakers Okay. Which was like a fifties bar in Kansas City. Had to be 23 to get in. They didn't want any, the younger crowd.


Wow. Sure. Yeah. They didn't even want, they didn't even want new drinkers. You had to have at Least two. They didn't want new drinkers under your belt. They want some certified, a 23 year olds who like, who's gonna go to a fifties bar anyway. Right. But ask, And you had to be born in the fifties to get in to, To even wanna go to this place. That's funny. And, and So I went to try and get a job and they said, we're not hiring. And I saw that they had a DJ booth and I said, do you need a dj? Because I also dj, which is not true. I didn't, but they said, actually we do. But here's the thing. At Studebaker's, every hour on the hour, we do these things called showtimes where all the waiters hop on the bar and they do like, oh my god.


Born in a hand jive or some dumb cool dance thing. Do you, Sean, we don't need to The next sentence outta your mouth doesn't need to be You mean like this? Like This? Yeah. Or are they still in business or what are their Hours address buddies. That's right. That's right. Any of those sentences are enough. So, so you lied. So you lied, but you knew you had a stack of wax in the car. So I lied. And they said, well here's the thing, you gotta audition because we do these show times. So I I I had to audition with a lip sync of a 50 song. Which one? I know You still know it. I chose, So I chose Volare. Oh yeah. And which was, I just thought it'd be funny 'cause it's in, you know, Italian and, but I put on a tuxedo and a pompadour to cover my long hair.


My like an Elvis wig. Right. And so anyway, I got the job. Yeah. And then they saw that I had really long hair and they said, you gotta cut your hair. We're a fifties bar, not a sixties bar. Right. And I said, well, I won't do it. So they made me wear the Elvis wig every time I worked. Oh, I Wear the pompadour every time. Yeah. And it was also a really bad pompadour, so It was really cheap wig. And, and so it started to lose its pompadour shape and it just turned into like a big weird black tuft of something. Yeah. And when I was working, people didn't realize that I had long hair and had to cover it up.


So they just thought I was some young kid crazy with this weird wig. I don't know what they thought. But anyway, that started, that started my DJing career. And then, Well, you know what you reminds me, you make me think, you know, you, you hear about, you know, famously Michael Jordan when he had his Hall of Fame speech and then he, you know, he's being celebrated for being the greatest basketball player. And then he harp he, he really harped on like his high school coach who cut him from the basketball team and all the people who didn't like Right. Like that he still hung onto that. And I think we should get stickers made up and go around to these Kansas City establishments that rejected you. Yeah. You let me know and stick it on the front window. Re they, this place rejected Paul Rudd.


Yeah, right. Really let that stink linger on 'em. You know what I mean? You're hiring practices are ridiculous. Yeah. You know what I mean? Our Ridiculous. Yeah. That's great. Speaking of your, your original last name was Ru Rusky. Rusky Rusky, what is it? Ru Rusky down like way back. Not while I was born or my grandparents, they were way back. Great. Great grandparents. Yeah. Wow. Rusky Polish. Like Russian. Yeah. Belarus that Eastern European. Yeah. Have you done the, the thing where you do the whole look back and like, do you know, do you know, do you know your people? What, what they did? Where they were? Yeah. The wars they Fought In.


Yeah. And I found, I found that it was mainly kind of like in an area of Belarus. Yeah. Something Called Wow. Oh, a town called ec. Oh wow. Anybody, anybody's listening from ec Your boy, You know, But now wait, so Paul, you, you, lemme tell you if I got this right, you were born in Jersey, moved to Kansas City, had a bar mitzvah in Canada. Your parents were from England. Yeah. So you were all over the wait bar mva Bar Mh in Canada. This is now I'm interested. Yeah. I mean why, why so many different places? Well, I being, you know, everyone in my family was kind of, was British. Both my parents, everyone was kind of around London and my grandparents were in London, but they, we moved to the States and then, or my, my parents did anyway.


Most of the family went to Canada. And So I had grandparents and aunts and uncle in, in Toronto and, and in the GTA no, He really knows it Spanish. I Know, right? Eh. Oh man. She And the way he said Toronto too. He, this is real Toronto. Yeah. I Walk to the Byway, get my empires. Drakes back cards. No. In French. Yes. The by Way are you still a Maple Leaf fan? The highway past the Mr. Submarine, Mr. Sub, This is all for you. Will, This is such good stuff. Pizza. Pizza. Nine six Isn't it's Mr. Sub though, isn't it Mr. Sub? It's now Mr. Sub. Wait Did you live in Canada? No, but I'd been going there my whole life. Yeah, yeah. So and so most of my relatives were in Canada.


So when I had to get a Bar Mitzvah, my parents said, well just do it in Canada. 'cause that's where most of the family is. Where was it in Canada? In Toronto. In Toronto, yeah. No Way. Paul, come home. Come home. Wait. And so your Sure By the way. Great. Yeah, I will. What, so your parents, so your parents are England, your dad was a, a tour guide or something and your, and and was the vice president of TWA and your mom. Oh No, he wasn't the vice president. That would've been nice. No, he did work for T-W-A-T-W-A was the, the, the airline. TWA, their hub was in Kansas City, which is why we wound up in Kansas City.


Oh, I See. Got it. Got it. Got it. When, when my dad left London when he was a kid, he was about nine years old. And then they moved to New Jersey, his family. And they were in Patterson, New Jersey. And, but he eventually started working with TWA before I was born and, and he kept getting job transfers. So we moved around a lot when I was a kid. I was born in New Jersey and then I lived in New Jersey and then I moved to Kansas for about a year. And then I moved to California for a few years and then I moved back to Kansas. So we moved around quite a bit as a What About all the moving around and stuff? Was there like that? It's given me anxiety. All the, I Know the schools, I know I'm in la All the kids. Oh, look at the new kids. You guys, when You grow, when you gr did you grow up in one spot?


Yes. Did you always, I mean, Jason, you were always la right? Since I was seven I've been in Los Angeles. Yeah. Where Were you before that? I was in Salt Lake City from four to seven. I was in Boston from two to four and I was in New York from zero to two. Just out, just out outside in Raleigh Rye. Oh, beautiful. Yeah. But what about, what about you adapting into all those different environments? Did you have a, a sibling to sort of protect you or did you do the protecting? I have a younger sister. Okay. She's two and a half years younger than me. And I think, yeah, we always were just kind of the new kids in school. We got very used to it. We didn't really know any different. But like, did that shape your, at an age where you're kind of learning your personality and, and kind of what your, what your strong suit is and what isn't?


You know, are you funny? Are you, blah blah? Like did it, did you find that you were perhaps made you nicer earlier because you had to be accepted by these new groups all the time? Yeah, Possibly. I, yeah, I sometimes think that, you know, a good way to kind of ingratiate yourself or just not get your ass kicked is to just be kind of pleasant. And if you can make somebody laugh, then you can be accepted a little bit easier. Yeah, totally. I certainly was drawn and always have been drawn to people who are funny. I mean, my dad was hilarious and I think that, you know, when I'd be, yeah, probably in some new school or something, I was, I'd go home and I'd listen to those Steve Martin records or Yeah, that album gets small.


Did you ever listen to that? Yeah. What about British humor? 'cause my mom's British as well, and she really shaped my, my taste in, in dry kind of no winking, you know, humor. Did, did your dad do that for you? Well, I think that, you know, some of the earliest things I could really remember laughing at was they used to show Monty Python's Flying Circus on PBS. Yeah. I loved it. And my parents loved it and we'd watch it and I thought it was hilarious. Yeah. I never really understood or thought in terms of like British comedy or a British sensibility, but I did always respond to that. And then, and then when Faulty Towers was on, it was just One of my favorite shows Of all time.


But it's like, you Know, oh, you guys like that Monty Python's a great example Because oh, holy shit. There's no way you guys like Faulty Towers, Sean Oan, you really like that? Fucking let the world know man. Yeah. You guys discover this. Love it All. There's but like Monty Python, there's like, there's the broad half of the, of the troop and then there's like the dry half of the troupe. Like there's Michael Palin, you know, being crazy and goofy and then you cut to John Cleese and he's just blinking at him like, you fool. Which, which, which were you drawn to? Was, was it the John Ccle side since you, you went to Faulty Towers? Well, Cleese is always, yeah. Hilarious. I think that I, I think I just, there was an absurdity to it and there was also something, it might have been the first time and maybe why I was drawn to Steve Martin as as well, but it was like, oh my God, there are grownups that are being completely silly.


Yeah, I remember that Twi of the Year competition as a kid and I crying. I couldn't believe how funny it was to see these grownups acting this way. Yeah, yeah. I love that. And I mean there was still so much with, same with Steve Martin where it was this kind of, right, right, right. Ridiculous. I'm getting happy feet kind of thing. Right. Yeah. I wanna know about glazing hams. 'cause that was one of your odd jobs out of school. What do you mean glazing hams? What does that even mean? It Means exactly, it means glazing hams. Yeah. Like what does that throw, what do you mean like that? Did you Work at at Honeybaked Tam? No, that was our competitor. Sorry. Sorry. No, No, it's fine. What do you mean glazing them though? Like it's It's still touchy. Yeah, it's a hotspot. Look it, it just, please don't bring that up to anyone at Holiday Ham company because they had a real issue with honeybee.


Wait, But how do you glaze a ham? Like what do you do? It's a whole process. Sean, Let's keep it clean here. It Sounds like a YouTube how to video. How do you glaze it? Is it like in a factory? No, no, it was in a, like a mini mall and Oh, I see. Like personalized Tab. Yeah, there was, it was like a, it was a standalone store. Oh, got it. Baked I believe is a chain, isn't it? Okay, Got it. I just wanted know. It was really curious. No, I don't mean to besmirch honey baked. No, for sure. No, No, no. Nobody took it that way. No, no, no, no. Thanks. A public company. But There's one thing I don't wanna do. It's piss off the people at Honey Baked Hand. No Old age. The age. Paul, you do, you don't have a target on your back now. Don't worry. From the gang over at Honey Glazed.


Okay. I Love Yeah, go ahead. Oh, no, no. What do you love? No, you go, you go. What are you gonna say? Guys, Don't fight. All right. I Was gonna, I worked. You go. Oh Jesus. No, you go. This Is a great bit. Please. It is a great bit. It's the new world And Hardy it almost. I wanna know where you worked. I wanna know where you worked. Oh, I worked at Holli, the holiday ham company. No, You were gonna say something else about working. So I worked, I worked at this place. Yeah. And, and it was a, it was a whole, when I say it was a whole process, I would get there very early in the morning and I would unload a truck filled with ham, naked ham. A lot of these aren't, these aren't glazed yet, right? These Are glazed.


Oh, you're talking glazed hams. Yeah. Yeah. Bald s Now these, by the way, this isn't, this isn't like a, you know, pigs hanging in a truck. This, these, these were ham hawks. Are they hawks? They can be Sure. Sure. And they were cry evaced, vacuum sealed. Oh wow. And what I would have to do is unload a truck at like five in the morning, and then I would have to cut open, Release them from their sheaths. Yes, exactly. Cut open the plastic. And then I would have to put them these entire ham hawks. So far I, I haven't heard one thing that we're gonna keep in the episode, but go ahead. Yeah, No, no.


This is the Absolutely. It's boring myself as I even did, listened to myself to Describe it. So you're un so there you are, you're unloading, you got a truck, full pants. So I got a Truck, So I gotta put it on a thing. I slice it, I dice it out a whole thing. I got a cut it in half with a saw. I put it on a spit, and then I take a propane torch and a sugar sifter. Yeah. And I have to wear protective gear on my wrists. And Same approach to acting, same approach to your acting. That's exactly right. Right. That's, that is how I approach all of my roles. And how long Were you, were you longer in this job than you were at the, at the, at at the Becs place? The, the fifties joint. Oh, at the, at the Studebakers. Yeah. Studebakers. I went from Studebaker's to holiday ham company.


So, you know, Did you cut your hair before you were handling those hams? Sorry, can I ask, did you have the long hair when you were handling the hams? Or did you have Yeah, they didn't care. Didn't, didn't. But you had to put that shit in the net though, didn't you? I, by the way, I think I had it in a net. Yeah. And net the hair. Yeah. Yeah. It was in a net. I was in the back. So if I was up front dealing with customers Sure. There's no way snapped that off. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's no way they'd out comb It out. Yeah. Now you, you're, I can only imagine though, you know, at least one or two of those long hairs were getting glazed into the ham. But you just, I just thought it would be a good Italian place called. I, I can only imagine. It's just can only, okay, So It's terrible.


It's terrible stuff. It's Saturday. It's Saturday and it's free. And it's free. So go ahead, Sean. I can wear a mask. Sean, get to your laundry list of questions and forget trying to have a conversation with Paul Rudd. Well, let, let help you out. Fucking check off your fucking Paul. Have you done any fucking Rudd here? Of fucking, he's one of the most handsome, by the way, Paul. And I've seen it and stuff before. No, you look, you, you always look so fucking good. So good. It's so handsome. You're so handsome. Handsome. You good? We're around the same age. What are you doing? Just honestly, just an email with a tips. He a olive oil bag. Eight hours a day. You say the most important thing is eight hours a day. That's what you say. That isn't what I said. I think I said something about sleep once, where it was like, oh yeah, this is a, this, you try and get enough sleep, but I sleep a lot.


I don't look anything like you. You know, can, can I, can I, you know what the secret is? What? Love? Yeah. Julie. Oh my God. That's Our time. That's our time. Who Knew love and love and laughter? You, you saved a news then Julie will have you back. Now this is, who knew? This is, this is, Ugh. We'll be right back.


So, as you know, I talked about this before. Scott and I are redoing our floors in our kitchen just because of the wear and tear over the last 20 years or something. And it's not quite done yet, but we're really excited about it because it's home project season. And Wayfair is the best kept secret for all things renovation. Whether you're making a little update like us, like our new kitchen cabinet hardware, or doing a full renovation or whatever you're doing. Wayfair has stylish and quality home improvement products for every budget. They've also got free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. And the best part is they'll even help you set it up. So, like I said before, we're redoing our floors and they're gonna be so clean and shiny that the dinnerware by Lennox that we got from Wayfair, you can eat right off the floors. That's how great it's gonna be. And by the way, why not just to like break, break in the floors. I'm gonna eat my dinnerware by Lennox from Wayfair. It's gonna be great. Shop the best selection of home improvement online. Get renovating with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home,


You know those aha moments that change how you see the world? Like, you realize that's not a high five emoji, that's a prayer emoji. You learn the secret to making grilled cheese, which is this, you have to butter all the way to the edge of the bread. You can't just butter the middle. You gotta butter the outside trying breathe. Right? Nasal strips is that kind of aha. They opened your nose for relief. You could feel right away. It's a win for nasal congestion. Anywhere, anytime on a jog, walking the dog on the airplane to Prague eye mask on sleeping like a log, dreaming of a frog, drinking some eggnog, driving through the S smog, Whatever point is breathe right? Is that awesome? Find it on Amazon and see for yourself, use as directed.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. So guys, I always talk about BetterHelp and I'm gonna talk about it again. You know, because therapy can feel like a big investment, but the state of your mind is just as important as your physical health. I'm a big, big, big believer in that. So with that in mind, let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from 100 to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach With over 30,000 therapists. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess. And now back to the show.


No, seriously, Paul, anything weird ever happen on stage real quick before we're outta time. No, No, no. Well, yeah, you did a lot of theater. Do you have, you know, I don't know if you listen to the podcast, but I love good theater stories where something I know, Of course, yeah, I do. Get everything ready. Or you can sub it out for a Star Wars story if you ever auditioned for it. No, I No have, I have lots of other Questions of great theater, theater stories. Yeah, yeah. Something bad happened in the theater. Something Oh, something really bad. Yeah. No, no. I've had, I actually, I, well I've I've done a show where somebody died in the Audience on stage. Oh, in the audience was death. There was a death, there was a death in the audience. There was somebody went to the, to the bathroom in like the fourth row. That was an interesting thing to get a whiff of that during the scene.


No way. Somebody, somebody lost control of their battles. So, so not only did you kill, but you acted the shit outta that part. Nice. Bravo. Thanks guys. Well, it wasn't me that did it. Oh yeah, no, that would would be actually, that would be, that would be horrifying. Wait, What, what was the show? And somebody really Died. Somebody died last night of Bally. Who was the show? These were two separate occasions. Okay. Unless I'm conflating them and they shit themselves into when they Die, because that often happens, Right. By the way, it's often, I think it even happens in the other order where it's like you die and then you then you release wind up to shitting yourself. Yeah. That's a shake that happens. So wait, so the person died. I've had somebody, by the way, I've also done a show where somebody in the middle of a scene, I heard a bunch of commotion in the audience and then didn't realize it didn't subside.


So it's like what is happening? Only later came to realize that somebody in the front row of the balcony leaned over and puked on all of the people below. Oh my God. No way. Swear to God. Yeah. It was a show, it was a show called Grace, and there's a scene and I was doing it with Michael Shannon. No way. And Michael Shannon had this long monologue and we're doing the scene. It's just the two of us. We hear this noise, we're both aware that like there's a commotion, but usually it dies down and it's getting louder and louder. And Michael is pissed off and starts screaming his lines at toward the direction of the noise to make a point.


Which of course when Michael Shannon is yelling at you like it's the most terrifying thing every fuck. Yeah. It's the thing that did make everybody kind of quiet down. And then after this scene, I have to rush over to the, to the wings to do a costume change. And I asked the stage manager, I said, what the hell's hap what happened out there? And he's the one that said, somebody threw up, somebody was drunk. Wow. Threw up over the balcony and it puked onto about 10 different people. I'm covered and barf This show. Not for you, huh? Fucking Matt.


That's amazing. Should Yeah. So yeah, That was a great Button. Fucking wait, Sean, this is like your fucking dream come true. I a million great fear story. I I know this. Wait, talk about the person who died. I mean, it's Learn that after the fact, like, oh my God, they had to close down and then eventually they had to bring somebody like a stretcher. They get somebody out there. It's like, oh wow. Wow. That's wow. It's weird. I mean, you know, you hear of people dying on stage. Yeah, yeah. But you don't hear as much about people dying near the stage. Yeah. Yeah. But did you, so you stopped the show. Yeah. You stopped and they Right.


We did not stop. You didn't keep Going. You kept Going. I don't think did Dude, Are you kidding? Are you kidding? He fucking, he killed, By the way, died. The guy We, we slayed him. Yeah. Died nearing the end of the show. Yeah. And so you finished. I'm not so sure. Yeah. Anyone realized. Oh wow. Until, Until it was over. Until people were shuffling outta the theater and one guy stayed. That sounds like a nice peaceful passing. It was a definitely a courteous way to go for us for the actors. That's a great, now Sean, you have, I know you have plenty I've Told, I think I've told every single good one I know on here. Is there one you haven't told yet?


I mean, I'd have to think about it. Me and Reyna are at the dinner theater. Yeah, yeah. Right. I've had, I, they're by the way, I, I had one. I now, they're all kind of coming. They're flooding back. I did a scene, I was lying on top of a bed. I was doing a scene, I was lying on top of a, a bed. And I'm with this woman Rachel Vice was in the show and I was wearing boxer shorts and a t-shirt. And all of a sudden this had never happened before. I heard the audience laughing and I, I'm like, what is going on? I realized it's because I was lying on the bed. I had my leg up and kind of like, and I realized I, my balls were hanging out.


No. Which is worse than actually like even your schwans penis. Yeah. It's like if when it is just your Balls Or Just One ball, by the way, it might've been just one ball, but it was, it was the loose spitting Boxes. You know what crazy about that. Yeah. You know what's crazy about that? Your balls were showing in that show and the show was the Shape of things. Yeah, Yeah, That's exactly right. That is, That's exactly right. That was the show. The Shape of Things. That's Nice. They were, That's nice. Were pendulous. I have one that's not as racist as that. The shape of things it should have been. And the PO poster should have been your balls hanging Out shorts. I think, I think we've all seen the shape o of those things. Of thanks with The great Fred Weller, with our mutual friend Fred Weller, who we Adore.


Great. Fred. Yes. Great. Fred Weller. Yeah. You guys go back. Do You We go back. Wait, you know what's another one of my mind is we were doing West Side story. This isn't as funny, but we were doing West Side Story and you know, the Jets and the Sharks and when they negotiate the rumble they say, you know, knives, guns, pipes, fists, whatever. And this one guy, Darren, yeah, well you just blew the joke. But, but no, it's like that. So Darren, Darren, my friend Darren, who's the most gayest man on the face of the planet and wears it with a badge of armor, he's very, very, very funny. But he was a jet and he's, and trying to act tough and you know, during performance 250 they go guns, knives, you know, pipes, fists. And he just jumps out and he goes, purses.


Same joke. Same joke as dance I guess. I guess I guess it's funny. You had to be there. You had to be there. Alright, so listen, when you're scrolling through, because you've been in, So I wanna go through before you leave, I just want, I mean, oh my God, I had all these things. You're an hour 10. Let this guy get back into his weekend. I know, sorry. Wild Oats and Clueless and nobody's Credits. Your credits are fucking Sick. Oh, what Hot American Summer And Friends, your Run on Friends with an Anchorman, by the way. And then 40-year-old Virgin and knocked up and working with Chad ATO and role models and Ant Man that you wrote. I didn't know you wrote Ant Man, that's crazy. No shit. I didn't know that. Yeah. Well one, one of them, one of the right, one of the writers, he was originally written by Edgar Wright, Who I just worked with. Who's the best, the best. I love him.


Love, Love. We love Edgar. He's Afr. He's a friend of the show. He's a friend of the show. He's great. Great. He should come on Willie. Adore him. Yeah. Yeah. So wait, what do you My might Need to be a two-parter. Yeah, I know. There's so many things I know, but I get Into the fucking credits or crazy. I know. Gosh. But, but anyway, so friends don't Have to into mic, honestly. No, but it's, it's incredible. But the, The, the, the, the people, they'd, they wanna know Paul, I Know, You know, they wanna know about the Moments and the movies with the thing. I cant believe Didn't even Ask him about the Act years. I know. I mean, you, you and Judd, you and Judd collaborated on so many of those movies that were huge seminal comedies. Yeah. That, that really kind changed. You Wanted to find Yeah.


You think about at that time when you guys did 40-year-old Virgin, that really changed the trajectory of, of comedy films. Like it kind of went into, it started, it created a whole new lane. Well, ju was a great Judd aau. He he launched all kinds of folks. Yeah. Well he he's great. There was the first time I ever met Judd. Was it, it was, it really is a weird thing. I don't know if you guys feel this way about those Steve Barn records. I, I know we've talked about 'em a lot, but it seems as if a lot of people in our generation had those albums had a big effect on them. Yeah, sure. Yeah. And as did Steve Martin in general, and one time I was at a dinner and I was talking about fake names and how it's so difficult to come up with a perfect, funny, fake name.


And I said, a great example is Gern Blanton, which was from a, an a, an early Steve Martin routine. Yeah. And someone at the dinner said, Gern Blanton. Oh, that explains Judd Apatow's email address. Oh Wow. And, and I, and I think at this time there was only a OL I'm like, oh, that's hilarious. Yeah. He's like, Gern Blanton. I don't think he has this anymore in case anybody wants to email him. But anyway, I, I went home and emailed Judd. I'd never met him. No way. And I said, Hey man, nice, nice reference on your email address. That's amazing. And he emailed me back And that's how you guys started Be And that's how we met.


And then, and then Wow. That's amazing. He emailed me back and said, oh, I'm glad you've emailed me. It's nice to connect with you now, now I know who to hit up if I ever need tickets to a new Neil Le Butte play, because I've just done a bunch of Neil plays. Anyway, we, we, anyway, we kept emailing each other for about a year. We became kind of pen pals, never met each other. And it wasn't until Anchorman that I actually met him in, in person. Oh wow. That's crazy. Wow. That's amazing. And When I went into audition, he was there and it was a, a little bit like, you know, meeting your, your pen pal that it's like, oh my God. Wow. I can't believe There you are. I can touch you. The person who's been catfishing. Yeah. I didn't want to touch him, but it Being real. Yeah. Now that your character in Anchorman looks very similar to the character in Friendship, was that on purpose?


No, it wasn't on purpose. Although in Friendship, the char in the script, the character that I was playing, his was originally called Brian, which was the name of my character in Anchorman. Oh, wow. Wow. And I thought maybe we should change that name, just because I also have another mustache. The mustache was just something, it seemed like, oh, this is the kind of thing that this guy would probably Yeah, yeah, for sure. It was a weatherman. He's a weatherman. And so it's really funny. You're so good in it. And the movie is so great. Well, I, I gotta say, you know, Tim, it, it's really Tim and it's Tim is so funny, and I don't know if you've ever watched, I think You Should Lead, which I, I mean, He's, he's a, he's a brilliant, brilliant.


He's incredible. I don't mean he really has his own take on all of this stuff, original. And that was just such a blast to kind of get to work with him and see what he was doing. Paul, have you ever, Have you ever seen a show, what is it, Detroit? Is it just called Detroit Detroiters? Yeah, Detroit. What's his name? Tim. Tim. What? Detroiters is Robinson Incredible. Tim Robinson. It's incredible. Yeah. You Would love him. Jason. I, I remember I met him when he was a writer on SNL and Yeah. And you know, everyone even at that time at SNL said, oh, well, I mean this guy, Tim Robinson's the funniest. Yeah. Yeah. And he directed and wrote, and is an actor in this film Friendship. He is starring in it. He didn't write it. It might be the only thing he, I think he's ever done that he didn't write.


However, the guy who directed it is a guy named Andrew. Andrew D. Young. Yeah. He's, He Is, he also wrote it, and he's friends with Tim and completely captures Tim's voice. I mean, when I read it, I would've sworn that Tim wrote it. Was there a lot of improv on the movie? I mean, there was some, yeah. But, you know, it's like, it's funny when we kind of started Tim's, we were talking about it and Tim said, let's take out all of the jokes. He wanted no jokes. And so it was very, it wasn't really like this perceived as this silly comedy. I mean, I know that Andy, the director, said that he envisioned the master, you know, the Paul Thomas Anderson movie?


Yeah. See, she was like, we could do like a weird comedy version, but very strange of, of that. And, and so it wasn't really, there was certainly some improvisation, but, but it, you know, none, neither one of us was trying to really hit anything too funny. And I Apologize. Is this, can we see this now? It's coming out. Can't see it now. I think it's coming out in, I don't know, April or May or What Fuck did Sean see it? I got a Little screen. You gets a link. You so depending on when this, when this airs connections perhaps. Yeah. So a April May some, it's a spring release on this, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Spring release. You guys like all the beautiful things that come out in Spring, huh? Well, We're really excited about it.


We're really excited about you, Paul. We love you, Paul. You're tremendous talent. Really Excited Polish about your career. I think you're gonna do great. Thank you. I'm so happy to be doing this. And like, it's such a, you guys are so awesome. My show is so funny. I'm so happy to, to be honest. I'm glad. Finally. Yeah. I mean, I know It is. Yeah. It's a crime. We broke a lie down and we got you here. No, and this is, look, ev you, you, you guys have you got a lot of people to talk to him? I'm honored to be one of 'em. Wow. We're very, very happy that You came. Yeah. Honored that you came Spending some Saturday. I Sure wish my connection was better. 'cause No, no, no. Don't you think twice about that. Don't Worry about that. About it. I'm not saying anything At Honey Ham's or your wifi connection.


None of it. Don't, don't think I'm not gonna, yeah, yeah. We didn't talk about, we didn't talk about the Royals. We didn't talk about the Chiefs. We didn't talk about wants To about Dodgers. Nobody wants to talk about That, by the way. You wanna lose the, you really wanna lose the audience. Shut up, baby. You don't. Tim Robinson is, you get two u's you get two. I tell you, who would I, I tell you who would turn the volume up? Jason Sudeikis and Claire McCaskill. That's who, you're right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They would Tell what's, what's Bobby Witt gonna do this year? And, And the great and the great Danee also of Kansas City Fame, the great danee friend of the show. The great Danee friend. Love a good friend of ours, double d, Paul Rudd. Pauly, you're just Good to see you, my friend.


All the love to you and Julia and the kids world Champ. You're world class tip Top. Thank you. Tip top, Paul. Yeah, Guy. You guys are the best. And I can't wait to see you in person. It can't come here soon enough. Yeah. We'll Be able to a candy shop soon. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna make, we're gonna do a SmartLess outing. Let's do a live show from the candy shop. Oh, there we go. Look, anytime you want Claude Hoppers for all of you free. That's a good, that's a good fake name. I know something. Claude Hopper. We're sweet on you, Paul. Oh, there it is. All right. I mean, Beautiful Button. What a button. A candy button. I'm On my way To. I can only believe it, Paul, have a great day.


We love you. Paul Rudd, goodbye. Goodbye Paul. Love you guys. Thanks So much. Yes, thanks dude. Take care. Bye. Bye, pal. Paul Rudd. Paul Paul Rudd. What can you say? I mean, we, we've said this before about people, but that is an, that is an overdue of Overdues. Yeah, I know how, should have been on for a lot time. It's almost embarrassing how overdue we Are. I feel bad. I didn't get into his stuff, you know, like all the, You didn't get into anything, Sean. This is one of the least prepared episodes I've ever seen you host and, and, and I can be a former, a former member, Jason, a former host of the year nominee. Remember? Yo, For sure. Well, you know, but if he gets into the sugar like any fucking little 3-year-old, you can't count On 'em. Oh, guys, I've, I've, I've failed you again.


I bet. I bet they're regretting that nomination a couple years ago in that gang, when they, Well, aren't you on that board too? Yeah. The iHeartRadio? No. Yeah. No, I'm, these days I'm only bored when you're hosting. You know what I mean? Yeah. But I, I do think if, if, if we ever soften on the repeat guest policy, you guys are enforcing like fucking live Show. He'd be a live show. Oh, that'd be, oh yeah. Good live show. All Be a good Live Live. We could just go through all its credits and talk about funny stories. Yeah, we'll go funny stories. I love that. Yeah. I do like that, man a lot. But Willie, remember when he was talking about walking in Canada and he was walking on the, what was it comes A buy. Here comes a bye. Here comes a, He was walking on the, he Went to the by Way, but Smart, smart.


Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple, or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts plus to start your free trial today.


Hey folks, it's Will Arnett, or maybe it's Jason Bateman. Honestly, you guys can't tell a difference. Can you listen if you love Smartlist and let's be real. You do, then it's time to dress like it. We got t-shirts, we got hats, we got hoodies. All the things you need to say. I have excellent taste in podcasts and the casual wear, so go to SiriusXM store.com/ SmartLess, grab some SmartLess merch and look as good as Sean thinks he does. Just use code scan Labra for 25% off. That's scandal Labra, S-C-A-N-D-A-L-A-B-R-A for 25% off at SiriusXM store.com/ SmartLess.