
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts. To start your free trial today.


Three couples, four vacations. A lot to unpack. Watch the Four Seasons, a new series starring our comedy favorites. Tina Fey, Steve Carell, Coleman Domingo, will Forte and more in a hilarious and heartfelt love letter to long-term relationships. Based on the original Alan Alda film. Watch The Four Seasons Streaming now only on Netflix


As an affordable online learning program. IXL covers math, language arts, science, and social studies with interactive practice problems for kids from pre-K to 12th grade. So one of our producers has this gorgeous, beautiful, amazing daughter, and he uses IXL for her and it helps her with all of her homework while growing up. And she always expresses how much she loves it. She loves the help. And of course, our producer loves the help of the help. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get I XL now and SmartLess listeners can get an exclusive 20% off I XL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash SmartLess. Visit ixl.com/ SmartLess to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Sean, good morning. Good Morning. Morning. Morning. Good morning. It's a, it's a weekend morning. I know it doesn't line up with, you know, the episode people are about to listen to, but it's an actual Saturday when we're recording this. Yes, that's correct. Yeah. Be honest. You're plan for the day. Go be fucking ruthless with yourself right now. I Totally, I'm gonna have, I'm not even kidding. I'm gonna have a chili cornbread casserole right when this is over. Oh, no, No, no. But tell us something unusual that you're gonna do. Welcome. Smart. Less smart.


Bless. Oh, Sean, get a good stretch in you like a little kid. Cat stretching. Morning. Wait, listen, I have a story to share with you all. Here We come. Is that why you, you had to stretch for your story? Yeah. Is that what just happened? Yeah. Did you write notes or are you just gonna kind of free it? This Oh, This is serious. Look at the look on his face. I know, because I don't know if this has ever happened to you, but two days ago I am in my car and I'm on Wilshire Okay. In between appointments because I, if I drive home, by the time I get there, I have to come back. So I'm driving around like 20 minutes trying to kill time. Right. So I driving. You don't pull in somewhere. Yeah. You're just burning fossil fuel because it, because, Well, it's an electric car.


All right. It's an electric car. Okay. It doesn't charge for free, you know, go ahead. Okay. So It does mitigate it somewhat. Okay, Go ahead. So I'm in the center lane on Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, and the car goes dead and I have plenty of battery and I'm freaking out. And the display on my dashboard says neutral. It is your, Is your key In the car. That's what it said. And you're wondering what neutral means? Stupid Ass. I was like, you said You're going nowhere. First of all, by the way, first of all, have your, has your car ever broken down in the middle lane? Like a busy, like it, the stress is crazy. Yeah. And did, I Mean, got out and tried to start pushing your car And No, but I freaked out. I was, I put on my hazards.


Everybody's driving by like, fuck you. And I'm like, what am I supposed to do? My car died. Yeah. Then it says the key, the the thing on the display. On the dashboard Sure. Said is your key in the car. If so, hold it up to the designated area. And I'm like, what's the designated area? Anyway, I was freaked out. So I take the, I take the, this is the longest story in the world. I took the manual out and while people are driving past me, like Oh, so you weren't alone. Manuel was with you when he was in the backseat, But you took him out. Right? So he was, took him out. It must have been in the trunk. So you let Manuel Out. Yeah. And I asked him what was wrong. So you're reading the manual and meanwhile you're screaming guy, stop honking.


I know. It's not My fault. Have you ever had that happen? Like I, I was so stressed out and so I'm, I have my head down, I'm looking at the manual looking for like keys or whatever, like key fob and they say anyway, So I, anyway, I panic and I call Scotty Scotty's, like, what do you want me to do about it? Yeah. And So I, With a tone, I'm, I'm freaking out and I find a YouTube video of a guy who went through the same thing, the same kind of car. And he is like, you gotta put it in the cup holder. I'm like the cup holder. So I put the key in the cup holder and I hit it again. Thank God it started. But that was like 20 minutes sitting there with my hazards on. And then I finally, 'cause I'll be down if I didn't make some my massage. Oh. So I got to, to my massage. That was your, that was your appointment?


That was my appointment with my, because I hadn't had one in like a year. Sounds Like a real busy day. Middle of the day massage. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Middle of Middle of a workday massage. Okay. So, and you give me shit JB for not having going to the office. This guy's doing middle. Oh wait, weekday massages. Wait, this is the end of the story. You're fucking li living like a fucking Saudi prince over here. This guy. So wait, the end of the story is, sure. I get outta my massage. I just passed the front desk 'cause I already paid. And she goes, oh wait. And she could tell she was too embarrassed to say the word husband. So she goes, your friend dropped off a spare key. And So I used my spare key. He dropped Scotty drove all the way to the thing to drop off a spare key that, that I didn't even know I had While you were getting a massage.


Your roommate, your roommate came By Your Roommate. I know that you're a confirmed bachelor and your roommate Came by the guy in the other room. Yeah. Oh, poor Shawn. Oh god. That was the worst sha Has anything ever happened like that? I mean, well I, I I have had that issue. Yeah. It's called a car breakdown. The worst. No, but I have had that thing with a key where like, it has to be, it's not being recognized, but usually I just usually just move it around to different points of the car. And Who but who they don't tell you that. Like how is I It's just to know. Yeah. There's a picture. Usually it shows like a little picture somewhere on your, on your, your, your screen. Well, where to stick it. But anyway, didn't, Yeah.


Anyway. Yeah. Great Story. Did anybody, did anybody stop for a selfie with you? No. I had my head down so far. The book. Did you think, did you think that maybe you should pop the trunk or the hood so that no one rear ends you or honks at you and just Well, I had my hazards on. Doesn't Work. You have one of those like little like, like triangular orange reflecting things in the trunk of your Car set, set On the road. Like a cone, an orange Cone. Do you Snap a flare off? Hey, where? Whereabouts? At Wilshire. But by the way, Whereabouts I was, I was in the thick of it. I was like Wilshire, like just off of Santa Monica and like, you know, rodeo, like in the middle of that section. Oh, in Beverly Hills? Yeah. Yes. On in the middle lane.


Like you didn't get Mugged. So your, so your fancy car breaks down on Wilshire and Beverly Hills on your way to your massage. Yeah. You relatable. Relatable In the war theater. Hey listen Man, and the price of eggs must be crushing you right now. You're just going nuts over this. Right Guys? It's my God, it's a great segue. I I've got a guest that can answer a lot of high stress driving questions for you. Oh good. That's funny. Today we've got a guest that's gonna prove to you to that hard work can bring great results. Fellas, if you just show a little discipline and focus, read a book for God's sakes. Yes. And apply yourself. You can reach great heights. Will Sean. Okay. Okay.


I'm working on It. This guy was named valedictorian in high school, voted most likely to become president. He went on to graduate college magna cum laude and that would be from BTW Harvard. Wow. Then he was awarded a Rhode scholarship to study at Oxford. So he did that. Graduated first class honors in philosophy, politics, economics. And he came home, he split his time between serving in Afghanistan and and mayor at 29. Oh, I know This fella. He is since served four years as United States Secretary of Transportation. And hopefully his high school class is right and he'll be our president one of these days. I missed, it's an honor to have on Smartlist, Mr. Pete Buttigieg. Hey guys.


Hi there. Now, so can you explain to Sean, because in Afghanistan you were, you were Dr. You were, you were driving, were you not? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It was a big part of my job over There. High stress driving. And so what would you suggest to him there on Wilshire and Rodeo? Or should he pop his trunk so he doesn't get rear-ended? Right. Well, in Afghanistan you definitely would not want to open any part of the vehicle this one time. Sure. Pop a flare perhaps. Actually knocked a, knocked a mirror off the first time I was driving. Come on Pete. Yeah. Got gotten big trouble. 'cause you couldn't like just, you know, stop and pick it back up.


Right. And you know, but Wilshire Boulevard, much like Central Kabul, I imagine is Where That's right. Sure. Very similar. Watch your facts. Thank you for incredibly Dangerous. But JB but, but as, but as as Secretary of Transportation, you might have some advice for, for people like Sean, who's Sure that's right. Portion breakdown. It's amazing how many people just don't want to stop and help. No, yeah, exactly. They just wanted to try back, maybe they gotta look at you now. Did the up armored Humvees even have hazard lights? I didn't even get a Humvee. It was, it was a slightly up armored Toyota truck. It was a Highlander. I think that's Kind of cool. Yeah, well that's all they drive there, right? Pickups. Yeah. They, they love their hiluxes.


That that's kind of the go-to vehicle out. Or at least it was in my day UX 10 years. I don't know that, I'm not familiar with that term. Hilux. Yeah. I think They only sell those abroad. But it's, it's really big over there. Or Was, I mean, there's nothing, there's nothing like seeing a a, a pickup, a Hilux storming your way with like 12 guys in the back in a, in a and a 50 cal mounted roughly on the, in the, you know, But that, but he Dangerous. Yes. It's dangerous. Yeah. I gets your blood flying. Sure, Sure. And now, and so you were driving top speed looking out for, for the, for the, the, the, the road mines on your way to reconnaissance and things like that. And that sounds very stressful. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was pretty stressful.


But you know, the folks I was with were really good at their jobs. I was well trained in my job. So we, we called it military, Uber, basically making sure people and and gear could get to where they need to go. Would You ask your passengers to rate you favorably? You know, I should have. Yeah. So, You know, I'm getting reacquainted with Uber now 'cause I, you know, for the last four years, I, I would still drive, like if I was dropping off the kids at school or something like that. Yeah. But the most time, most of the time I was, you know, being driven picked up. That's, that's how it works when you're in the cabinet. Right? Yeah. So I had to get Uber back on my phone and get, get used to all that. It's, it's changed a little bit since I remember. You've got more options now. Yeah. Yeah. But nobody can accuse you of being, of being highfalutin.


Continue. We mentioned your service in, in the, in the armed forces. Like you what an incredible career you've had. I'm, I'm really impressed By, it's Unbelievable that you went to Harvard. You're a Rhode scholar. And then Are you impressed by it? Will, I mean, she says very, Did you hear It's, it's unbelievable. I mean, of course You are. He was an, he was an in insult. Tell me that you would never get assigned to He he was an intelligence officer. Okay. Yeah. What does that Mean? So you, he's gonna tell us right now. Well, I could tell you, but then I'd have to, you know. Yeah. Then you'd have to, oh, please kill him. Podcast. The ratings would be phenomenal if you what? But what, what an unbelievable, when you were sort of 15 in high school, you couldn't have imagined the, the, the sort of the, the trajectory your life was gonna take.


Could you? No, there's no way. When I, when I was 15 in high school, all I wanted to be was an airline pilot. Which, which I still think is an amazing job. I respect pilots so much. Sure. By the way, it's a great job. It, it pays very well. And, and it's very in demand. But I just, I thought that was the coolest thing ever. Yeah. My dad would go on business trips sometimes mine too. And they, they would have on the, on the like wide body planes that would, that would fly over the Atlantic. They used to have this custom where they'd, they'd, they'd pin up a carbon copy of the flight plan. I dunno if you've ever saw this. It'd be Oh wow. About the size of a small poster. And they would stick it to the wall in the back of the plane.


I think this was before they had monitors where you could see where the plane was. So it would show the track of where the plane was supposed to go in this, in this kind of carbon line on this, on this map. And he, anyway, he, if you asked, they would give it to you. And so he would bring him back for me when he came back from a trip. And I just wallpapered my room with him. I was, I was so, wow. That's right. Obsessed. That's, I I knew the names of the pilots that had signed, signed the things like, you know, they were like celebrities to me. And Did you ever consider ge getting your pilot's license and, and, and joining the Air force instead of the Navy? So I discovered some things about my eyesight that meant that I was not gonna be a candidate for, for military aviation. Same, same Colorblind, right.


Oh, that was the reason Not colorblind. Yeah. Wait, hang on, hang on a second. Sorry. Sorry. Mayor Pete. So Sean Yeah, you're, you're kind of a fuzzy vision. Derailed a a long career. No. Aviation. No, I thought you were going to, to, you were, you're colorblind. 'cause you can't pilot. You're colorblind And I'm colorblind. Yeah. No, it just had to do with how nearsighted, I think now it's not such a big deal. But I was so nearsighted that and astigmatism you like, at least in the nineties, like, okay, sure, fine. You couldn't look forward to a career. No colorblind. That's a thing. Oh, you've Got headphones. I've got headphones too. That's so crazy. That's a whole subplot in what's the little miss sunshine. Right. There's a whole subplot around. Yeah. That's very good. Very good. So then, alright, so then your vision kept your heart. So then it, but what, what about now there wasn't, both of your parents are, are academics and educators.


Yeah. But there's no, is there military in your family at all? What, what got you to, to lean that way? Yeah, There is. Yeah. Not, not at my, not my parents' generation, but before that, there a lot in my family were career military. Matter of fact, when I was growing up, we had a, we had a portrait painting in the living room of this army officer. And we were, you know, I mean my parents were professors, middle class neighborhood Indiana. We were not like a portraits of ancestors on the wall kind of family. So it always stood out to me. And I, I asked about it and the story, it turns out it was my, it was my great uncle who died in a plane crash in 1941. Oh my God. But he was an Army Air Corps officer, which was the, the predecessor to the Air Force. And the reason that painting exists is because his brother, my grandfather was a a also a a, an officer.


He was a doctor actually, who was an army doc. And at a, I guess there was a prisoner of war camp in I think New Mexico where World War II prisoners would interact with American officers. And he got to know an officer who could, who could paint and asked him if he would paint from a photograph this portrait of, of his brother who had been killed. And, and he did. Wow. And, and So I grew up with this. He's kind of sitting in a classic World War II style army uniform kind of staring Right, right at you. And I felt like it was kind of my family's version of the Uncle Sam poster, you know, saying like, why not you?


Why aren't you serving your country? Yeah. I want you. And, and I think that was, that was in the back of my mind. It was a big part of why, why I wanted to serve. You know, and then like a lot of people my age, nine 11 had a big impact on me. Yeah. Yeah. And then when I got to Oxford a a lot, often some of the Rhode Scholars are graduates of the military academies, west Point Naval Academy. And my class had had quite a few. And I, I respected those guys so much. It was, it was one more reason I wanted to serve. And So I entered the reserve. Once I got back and kind of started my professional life, I joined a reserve unit and we'd, you know, it was one weekend a month, two weeks a year. But then part of the deal is if if they call you up, you go. And I got called up while I was mayor actually.


So I, I put my mayoral service on hold. I, I took a leave, had a deputy mayor who, who stepped in for me for the time I had to go and went off to Afghanistan. Is there Any part of it you missed? Like Yeah, actually, yeah. I mean, the people most of all, like I, of course the people I served with and they were totally different from each other and from me Yeah. In every way different, you know, politics, different, different upbringings. But you know, we all just really trusted each other and looked out for each other and love it's something, yeah. I wish, you know, obviously the military's not for everybody, but I, I think a moment like this is one where it would be great if more people had some experience of doing something hard together with other people that, that just builds that kind of trust that we don't seem to have enough of right now.


Can you talk about that moment to, to, to the extent you're comfortable when you got that call that you actually were going to go overseas and serve? Because I'd imagine a a a lot of folks join the service and they, it's during, it's not during wartime and they, they, they never get in in combat and you, but you are going over, like, is it's gotta be somewhat frightening. How, what, can you talk about that Yeah. Your first day like, or that, that you're gonna go time to pack your bags? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you, you know, you, you take a deep breath and, and it's, it's sobering, but it's also, you know, it's a big part of why you serve. Yeah. I mean, of course if if you're agreeing to put on the uniform, you're putting your right hand up and, and taking that oath, that means you're, the whole idea is you're gonna be there if, if your country needs you.


Yeah. And you know, I had, I had one tour in Afghanistan. I spent a little time also in Afghanistan and Iraq as a, as a civilian economic advisor. But now I was with people who served 4, 5, 6 tours. Wow. It was incredible how many, you know, my generation, how many tours some of them did. And So I, I was really humbled to see how much other people had served and Yeah. You know, and that's one of the other things that made me wanna do in the first place was seeing a lot of other people in my generation gering up to go and thinking at a certain point like, when's it my turn? But is there, does fear enter into it? Oh, of course. Yeah. Yeah. The, The first night I was there, you know, they, they train you for what a rocking alarm sounds like.


Obviously you know what to do if you hear the alarm that says incoming. I started out at Bagram Bagram Airfield and then later on was, was reassigned to cobble the, the capitol. But that first night at Bagram there was a, there was a rocket attack and I just remember just my blood running cold when I heard that, that sound, it's the same sound by the way, as I think it's called. There's an iPhone alarm that's the exact Same Oh, the eh, eh, eh, that kind of thing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It would be a great idea to just never use that. Yeah. Yeah. No Kidding On, on your iPhone. At least if you're around somebody who might have memories around that. But yeah, my first day there was a rocket attack my last day there was rocket attack.


Wow. It's probably a different sound than when my massage is over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's A little gong. Yeah. Yeah. And it probably more fear than like, JB when you got the call to that you were going to be in Heart to Heart Secrets of the Heart, the TV movie. Yeah. Like that must have been When I'm asked force my call tomorrow, you know, it's gonna mean. Yeah. Yeah. But well, listen. Yeah. Mayor Pete, thank you. Thank you for your service. Yes, Indeed. Truly indeed. Yeah. It's pretty, it's really, really impressive. Now your, with your father being a professor of literature did, did that, I mean, were you stupid question, but I mean, I'm just, I'm, I love listening to you talk and I, By the way, I do too.


Right. And, and I love, anytime you're on any news channel, anything anywhere, I'm like, you're the smartest person in the room. I love Watching debate. I love watching your debate. I mean, and because you make debating not seem like debating, you just boil it down and you, and you take The, and like Common's sense, you take the contention out, which is Right. Well, A lot of debating now isn't actually debating. It's, it's just Right. Of course. It's just like a media opportunity, right. It's just people kind of saying they're like canned things and, and but Your ability to shape a a thought, your opinion to just, to make it kind of tangible for folks. I, I appreciate. 'cause I, me not smart, but I love that you, I love that you spend time on, on Fox too and you know, that that, that there's an ability to, you know, 'cause we all need to, to kind of stop talking across one another Yeah.


And talk together. And, and so it's, I love that, that you spend some time over there. Is there a reason why, why more Democrats aren't talking over there? Are they not invited? Or do they not want to go? I just wish they'd do it more. Yeah. I think I'm, I'm both, yeah. Yeah. Look, there's a lot of reasons to hesitate, right? If you're going into a place that you know is not ideologically friendly or not aligned with you. Like, there, there's reasons to think twice about it. And I think a lot of, a lot of people in my party do. But my my take on it is, you, you can't, you can't blame somebody for not embracing your message if they've literally never heard it. And a lot of people Right. Will never hear what we have to say if we're only talking to people who are friendly to us. And it's not just tv.


I mean, it's also, you know, I'm, I'm doing more podcasts, more digital stuff, just 'cause I, I know that's where a lot of people get their information. I, I've been teaching one day a week at the Institute of Politics in Chicago, at the University of Chicago there. Wow. And one of the things I do is I'm always asking my students, whenever we sit down a a lot of times I'll, I'll do a show of hands. You know, where do you get your news? The numbers of students who raise their hands when I asked how many of them get their news from television Yeah. Was zero. Wow. Like literally zero. They might see a clip from TV if it like goes into their TikTok feeds or, or, or Instagram or something like that. But, you know, I don't think of myself as that much older than them. But I, I grew up in a world where, like you, you watched a TV story about some controversy.


You heard the conservative opinion, you heard the liberal opinion. And maybe hearing the other side made you feel the way you feel even more strongly. Or maybe it made you change your mind a little bit or ask another question. But like, the the point is you'd think about it, you'd like stop and think about it. Right. And it's very hard for that to happen now the way our media works. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to cut through some of those categories. Well, glad you're doing it. We'll be right back.


You know how people say sleep is the cousin of death, what interesting family dinners they must have had then. Right? Can anyone really say something bad about sleep? No. All anyone wants is rejuvenating deep sleep. And for that there's Helix Mattress. You'll find what you're looking for with Helix variety of mattresses that are engineered to fit your needs. Whether you struggle with night sweats, back pain, motion transfer, you name it. Helix has a mattress to help you get the kind of sleep that you've always dreamt of. I get a dust luxe. It's amazing. Go to Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 20% offsite wide. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 20% offsite wide Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


This episode of SmartLess is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new Mc Krispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good it deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat, but it works with any of their sauces. So for me, since I was a kid, I've always used sweet and sour. So Mc crispy strips and sweet and sour sauce are so perfect. New mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping.


Hey guys, Vuori. Ah, do you love it? I love it. It's versatile, it's comfortable, it's perfect for whatever your day brings, like anything you're doing. Some days are nonstop. You know, others are low key. It's all Vuori all the time. It's designed to look great beyond the gym. Whether you're running errands or heading to the office or just hanging out with friends after work or whenever the course short is the short that started at all. For Vuori, it defines fitness versatility. One short, every sport ideal for fitness, running and training, but also stylish and comfortable enough to wear all day. It moves without restriction. It's soft, it's lightweight and has a four-way performance stretch. It has built in comfort and support with a breathable box of brief liner. There's a perfect fit for every preference. It's available in three inseam options. I love Vuori by the way. I have the core short and I have the Ponto short. They're breathable. It's, you know, some shorts feel too tight, others too loose. The core short is just, it's perfect. It's like the Goldilock short. It's an everyday essential. Get it. If you love to do what I do, which is wake up, go to the store, go to the gym, come back. Maybe you'll sleep in it, maybe you won't. But you can just wear it all day long. Not only will you receive 20% off your first purchase, but enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Go to Vuori dot com slash SmartLess and discover the versatility of Vuori clothing exclusions, apply it to the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. I think one of the tricks that they've done on, on e on both sides, and, and this is what has sort of made me, I think on a lot of other people check out from the entire process is, is that the truth is we all want a better system. We all want a better country. We all want a better America. Everybody wants everybody to have be better fed and all et cetera. Just whatever the, the issue is, everybody wants that. And somehow we've been convinced by a few people that we are at odds with each other. And I think that everybody is actually a lot more aligned. I think so too than we think. I think so too. And that's, I I truly believe that. Yeah. Yeah. Look, obviously there's some serious disagreements and differences in values, but there's also, yeah, you look at a lot of the biggest issues, there's like 60 70% of Americans who, who agree on what to do about it.


And, and if you look at the overlap, you know, that might not be the same 70% from this issue to that issue. Yeah. But like the big things that people want out out of everyday life and the big things people want their government to do, for them to have stuff work, you know, clean, safe drinking water and clean air and roads that, that don't have a hole in 'em and transit that gets into where you need to go. And an economy where you can afford stuff and enough housing. Like these are, these are things that everybody wants. And we've gotten into this mode where politics is treated like a, basically like a wrestling like death match. Yeah. It's a team, Right. It does, I think turn a lot of people off. But, you know, my experience, and maybe it's 'cause I came up locally and, and local politics by the way, just as everybody knows, this can be a very, very rough and tumble.


But Yeah, there's this Sense, you know, in a community you're a little more, it's a little clearer to everybody that everybody wants the community to do well. Well, and you also have to answer to each other face to face day to day. Yeah. Yeah. You see each other at the grocery walking the dog. Like Yeah. And, and yeah. I, I think we really miss that at the national level. You know, Washington has its version of that 'cause you like run into other, you know, political figures, but it's not, it's not like being part of the same thing. Yeah. But it's, but it, it seems to me, and again, this is, forgive me for sort of boiling it down like this, but it does seem to me that Washington politics are a lot like the WWE e Yeah. It's like everybody goes and, and puts on their, on their, their game persona and then back in the locker room they're like, Hey, that was a pretty good one.


Yeah, that's a good one by you too. And they, they all know everybody knows each other. Yeah. Right. Right. Do you know what I mean? I think it was like that. I think that's changed a lot in the last few years. Right. If you talk to people who, just some of the things that are really dark January 6th, that kind of stuff where people, you know, were really fearing for their lives, I think, I think has, has shifted that a little bit. Right. But yeah, there you could definitely feel, you know, we spent almost four years. I I wasn't living in Washington the whole time, but, but most of the time I was serving, we lived there and, Oh, there's a headline. Pete Buttigieg admits he wasn't living in Washington the whole time. Here we go. No, you know what it was is we, I was traveling so much like I was traveling a day or two a week minimum for, for work. Yeah. And then, you know, 'cause my job was to partly to, to go around the country and look at the projects we were working on.


You know, you're in charge of transportation obviously. You're, you're you're traveling a lot. Yeah. But I went to every single state at least once. Wow. And then I, you know, there were times when I was traveling a lot for campaign stuff too, and began to realize that, that it was for our family. It was more economical for me to stay in a hotel the days I was in Washington Yeah. Than to pay rent there and mortgage here in, in, in Michigan where we live. Right. And it, it was important to us for the kids to be around their, their grandparents. So my grandmother or my mother, their grandmother lives here in Traverse City now. We moved here largely because Chastin's parents, my husband's parents are here. That's where they're, where he grew up. And it's made all the difference in the world to have the kids close to their parents. Yeah.


Yeah. Yeah. Love it. What, what, what, what, what made you think that you could become a, a mayor and get into politics at, at that early age? You became mayor at, at 29 I think. Yeah. Yeah. Like, so, so coming Wow. Coming back from Afghanistan. Well, no, this, this is before you went to Afghanistan, but, but coming back from Oxford, you'd go, you worked for the consultant firm. What, what, what at what point did you think I might want to go into politics? Yeah. So I finished up at Oxford, got a job in Chicago at a consulting firm. But I, the further I got McKenzie, Is that right? Is That where you were? Yeah, McKinsey. Yeah. Yeah. And I learned a lot there, but I also figured out pretty quickly that that client service wasn't for me.


Yeah. They were just, I just didn't care enough about it. I wanted to work on something I cared about. Not just 'cause I was being paid to care about, but because It was really important to me. And meanwhile, yeah. I south a lot of people know that South Bend, Indiana is where Notre Dame is. Yeah. Yeah. What a lot of people don't realize is Notre Dame's actually across the street from South Bend, Indiana. It's not, it's not a college town that way. And, and the city was completely built around the auto industry. It was the company town for Studebaker. Studebaker was headquartered in South Bend, Indiana. Wow. Wow. And even though that company went out of business in the sixties when I was growing up in the eighties and nineties, the city was still trying to recover from that. Lost a bunch of its population vacant, abandoned houses, collapsing factories everywhere.


And So I grew up kind of inhaling this idea that success meant getting out. I mean, a lot of kids in, you know, the, the so-called rust belt and, and in rural America grow up with this message. Right. If you wanna make something yourself get out. Right. Which is Pretty much what I did. I went to the East coast, then I got even further away going to the UK to, to study when I got the scholarship. And, but then I started to realize the further away I got, the more I realized that I was, I was actually from somewhere. Yeah. And Started to feel this like almost militant like pride in, in, in where I was from and, and what it could be. And I found that a lot of people I grew up with felt the same way. That that like our city could be more than it was and could have a different future. And you know, the, the, the right around the time I got in the race for, for mayor, there was a national writeup of our city that called it one of America's 10 dying cities.


Oh God. And we hated that so much and, and didn't believe it. And, and so, you know, I found that, that there were enough people who felt the same way that we could, we could build this campaign. We had a lot, by the way, it was super bipartisan, you know, I ran as a Democrat, but we had a lot of independence, Republicans who, who supported it and, and then they put me in charge of the city. And then it was, it was, oh God, you know, put up for shut up. So I was was that as frightening as get the call up to, to go overseas? Yeah. I mean, you know, get all that responsibility. You know, I took office on New Year's Day and it was snowing. And one thing I knew a lot about was, you're hungover, but I, I knew, You know, one thing you definitely need to be on top of as a mayor is snowplowing.


Sure. Maybe not, not as much an issue, obviously not out here Yeah. Where you are. But you know, right. In the lake effect zone, a lot of snow. And it's kind of the test of the classic test of a mayor. So, you know, right away there's this trial by fire just making sure that, that we were okay dealing with this, the snow and Yeah. It's everything from, yeah. I worked on everything from, you know, police and fire to streets and, you know, to the zoo like we were in charge of the zoo. Anything surprising about a mayor job that, that, that would, would, that would surprise people? Some something you didn't, you didn't expect? You know, I was surprised to be in charge of the zoo. It just wasn't something I thought about when I was campaign.


I didn't know I, I'd be dealing with the zoo golf courses as much. We had city golf courses that I was managing and, and we, we didn't like I don't even golf. Yeah. And then things that like you hear about, but I didn't really think much of it until I did it. Like, you, you get to marry people. Right. You, you, you are. Oh wow. I figured you of course Justice. And I remember one time I came in, I was really early, I was the first person in, so my staff weren't around. And I stepped outta the elevator in the hallway that leads to the mayor's office. And this other couple, this, these two other people stepped outta another elevator and said, oh, mayor, we were hoping we'd find you here. Like, just who we were hoping to see. And I thought, okay, I hope I'm ready for whatever they're gonna ask. 'cause I'm, I'm all alone up here.


And then they explained she was super pregnant and they said, well, we're on our way to the hospital, we're gonna have a C-section. And by the time we tell her parents that their grandparents, I wanna make sure we're actually married. Right. So could you marry us? Wow. Wow. And it's time sensitive Like now. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Like right now. So, you know, I don't know everything about their story. And you're like, Yeah, I could, but I've assigned all marriages to the zoo, so we gotta get to the zoo real Quick. So we did it, like I went through my drawers and I found like somewhere in there from the last time I did this, I had, you know, a copy of the, the, the protocol, the things I was supposed to say. And my, my staff trickled in while we were putting that together.


And we, I found a piece of pipe cleaner we were able to use just as a makeshift ring. And That's hilarious. They ran down and got the certificates and I signed off and Wow. Yeah. By, by the time they, you know, got, got 'em married and squared away and then they went off and, I Mean, was she in labor while you were giving I'm like, was she like breathing, whatever that is? Like, was she about to go Into it? No, that I'm not sure I would've been able to handle that. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been crazy. Now how does that differ from your first day as transportation secretary? What, what, what, what was, what was that like? Was it, what what is day one? Like when you're handling that large department? Well, It's, I mean, it's a huge leap. So as mayor at about a thousand employees and about a $300 million organization.


So not small, but, but sure as Secretary of Transportation, you got 55,000 employees. Wow. You oversee everything from commercial space, travel safety to the great Lawrence Seaway, to the maritime administration to just so many things. And the budget is the size of a mid-size country. It's about $150 billion, or at least it was once we got the infrastructure package through. Wow. That's crazy. So it's, it's pretty daunting. The, the really daunting thing was it was, it was deep covid and I couldn't be in a room with most of my staff. Ugh. And, and then, you know, that was the time when the protocols were extremely intense. I, I got exposed to, I was in a room with somebody who had had covid and it was decided that I needed to be confined for 14 days just in case.


So the first time I participated in an Oval Office meeting, they wield a television into the Oval Office so that I could participate by Zoom from this apartment where I was locked up. Oh my Wow. And, and, and, and join remotely. So it was a very strange introduction to the job. It was a very strange introduction to my own team. But, you know, gradually we, we, we built a, a, a really good chemistry with a really good team full of public Science. But the irony that you're, you're now the Secretary of transportation, but you can't go anywhere. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. And, and, and Pete, instead of asking you what we would never know, like what we could never guess about the transportation, like safety, like, I don't think I could handle that answer.


I don't wanna know what I don't know. So I'll just say what is the most interesting thing that you learned that you could share with us about how it all works? Because it is kind of fascinating. Yeah. I don't wanna know about safety stuff. I think I, I wouldn't be able to sleep. You wanna Oh, The safety stuff should be reassuring though. Yeah. All right. I mean, one thing that people don't think about is how incredible of a civilizational achievement, our overall aviation safety record as a country is. Yeah. There was a terrible crash this year. Yeah. There was 15 years with no fatal crashes. Yeah. Wow. And that doesn't just happen. Right? I mean, think about what that takes. Right, right.


I wish we had that on auto safety. We don't like on, on, on the ground. Like in cars we lose more than a hundred people a day in this country. It's one of the big things I worked on. We finally got the numbers starting to go down again on my watch. Are, Are those numbers, are a lot of those numbers still the result of people being intoxicated? Is That, that's still There or is it a lot of texting? Both. Yeah. Distracted driving is a huge deal. I mean, I cannot distracted driving. Yeah. I cannot emphasize enough how important it's to just put down the phone. Yeah. Just don't, it can, it can, it can wait. But, but anyway, the, the work that goes into making sure people are safe and stuff I never thought about in shipping. Like making sure that things that go into packages are, are safe.


You know, we learned things like there was a cottage industry of custom kind of homemade nail polish, which sometimes is using compounds that were unsafe to put in the mail. Again, not on my bingo card for things I would be dealing with, but Wow. It was a thing. But Yeah, because can't you mail anything? I mean, how do you, how do they find out? Not, not hazardous materials asking For a friend, But I Meant, but people, that's the thing, people don't know. Like if you're like on Etsy, you know, telling custom nail polish, you don't think of yourself as a person who ships hazardous materials. Right. You think of yourself as a small business. And so, you know, trying to, to do that without, you know, overregulating everybody to where nobody could do anything. Jason, quick, do you know what Etsy is? She? She's Sean's cat.


Thank you so much. Alright. Sean's cat, cat my cat. Come here Nancy. So Sean, did you get enough of an answer there for a friend about how to properly mule something, What to look for and how they can, right. No, I always thought that because, you know, like gummies are legal, but boy you can't mail 'em. Boy, here We go. Is That right? You know what else? I learned a lot about fish. Fish. I wound up having to learn more than I thought I would about fish. Why? Why? Because a lot of fish, you know, famously swim upstream. And if, if a road is built through a stream or a river and you don't put the right kind of culvert so the water can go under it, it blocks the fish passage.


And it turns out a lot of roads were built in the sixties and seventies. The culverts either weren't built the right way or they failed over the years and it was screwing up fisheries, especially in the Pacific Northwest. But this is happening all over the country. And so we, we started working on fixing it with, with some of the funds in the infrastructure package. Huge deal for the Pacific Northwest, especially for tribal communities, but also just, just in general. So I wound up having, you know, in PowerPoint briefings on the difference between anus fish, which swim upstream and I mean that's kaus I think is the word for the ones that fish go downstream and Yeah. And it's not just salmon. I mean there's, there's a lot of, it's a lot of fish around that fish related things that turn out to be at stake.


But Pete, you know, the, the like, like you look at, I've never been to Japan, but everybody I know that's been in Japan is like, every street is flawless. Everything is clean, every like road. And, and it's Sean, you would love Japan for real. IIII know I really want to go, but you go, God, there's hunt league. You just said the budget. Like how is it? And I can only speak to Los Angeles, every road I drive on has massive potholes all the time. Like Yeah. What's going on? Yeah. So some of it is you, you, you get what you pay for and, and that's a country that just really invests in. Its in its, yeah. Transportation, but they also have a culture of taking care of things that I think we could, we could learn from. Yeah. I went there because they hosted the G seven. All the transport ministers from the GG seven countries get together and it was their turn to host and, but this, this, this great meeting and, but yes, I kind of saw that up close, got to ride the bullet train and, and see friends in the bullet train, which is an incredible experience.


And, but there's a culture like, it's like you, you don't eat while you're walking in Japan, a couple of us made this mistake and, and learn very quickly. You're not supposed to do that. Like, you don't just walk down the street with an ice cream cone or A sandwich Really? Because why? Which is, it's just you're supposed to stop and eat at a table and then they give you, if you get something to go, they give you a little bag to put your trash in that you take with you. Wow. It's incredible. Like you're supposed to look after your own trash. So it's just this like culture of cleanliness and taking care of things that, Well we've, first of all, I, I think that it, it might go beyond, I don't want to go too deep on this, but as a Canadian it, it goes beyond the little bit just a culture of, of cleanliness.


And it is a culture. There is a thing that is lacking this idea that we have to lift each other up and be responsible to the greater good. I I love that. I once said to my dad, and I don't know if I've shared this on the, on the show before, I said, why didn't you move to the states when I was younger? I said, he was a lawyer for many years and he went into business. I said, you could have made way more money. He said, because I have an obligation to the system that brought me up and he came from nothing. And that I don't think that that exists as much in this country. There's much more of a, fuck you, I'm getting mine. Which fine, you know, it is the land of opportunity. But, but there is, to answer Sean, your question, I think that there is a little bit of that that kind of bleeds into everything.


And you look at, you've seen those videos, Pete, I'm sure of when they decide to rebuild a bridge, a small bridge in the Netherlands on a highway. It's incredible. And they do it in 48 hours because they don't want to disrupt the whole system. Oh my really? Wow. So everybody, they, they prep, prep, prep, prep, prep. Right. They shut it down and they quite literally build the bridge in 48 hours. That's All hands on deck. Amazing. Yeah. No, no, that's it. It's, it's incredible. We, we worked on ways to, to emulate that. But I think I, I have to agree with you, but I think there's a deeply American tradition around that too. It it, it's always kind of in, in a bit of a push pull with the, the, you know, the individualistic tradition. But Yes, you know, a lot of the great infrastructure we count on the, the aviation system, the, the, the highways, you know, are built on that spirit.


And, and so is the idea of preparing, you know, it was Lincoln who said, give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening my ax. And I think about that a lot because if we apply that to infrastructure, we'd be better off. Hey, I gotta ask, speaking of, speaking of fathers, there's something I've always wanted Jason to ask you about, which is that I Take a shot at Sean. No, I I once read that you are a maybe the most prominent Maltese American figure in Hollywood. I I was and I wanted to know that's the country my dad immigrated from. I'm just kidding. Have you ever been there? Like do you have a connection to Maltese culture? I went there when I was a little kid. Yeah. My actually my, it's my mother's mother that was, that was from Malta.


Okay. And that's where she met her husband, my grandfather, because he was in the British Air Force. Ah, classic. Yeah. Classic thing that happened a lot in that, in that generation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a what an what an interesting little island out there. Incredibly strategic and, and rich in history and, and a great filming location. Right. The great Popeye was shot there. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, I was there, I was with a friend and we that's a great pop. We stumbled onto the set of World War Z Oh wow. 'cause because, you know, it's, it's this, I love that movie. Tiny Mediterranean country, which means it can be made to look like lots of places, especially lots of places in the Middle East or North Africa. I, I think they used it for gladiator, but they just changed the signs and they could make, like, I think a lot of the scenes in Munich, whether it was in Lebanon or Greece or, or Israel Palestine, like a lot of that was shot in Malta.


But yeah, world War Z was going on. I didn't know what that was, but I was, I, I was walking with a friend and, and we just suddenly like the signs on the like businesses switched to Hebrew and there was this overturned tank and we had maybe like wandered past a stanchion and didn't notice 'cause 'cause they were taking a break and then this, this bus pulled up and a bunch of zombies got out and, and it's really unnerving. And You looked at your drink, You know what was really unnerving was not to see zombies, but to see zombies acting not like zombies. Right. Because they were extras. I think they were malts extras. They were waiting for smoking Their instructions and talking cats. Yeah. There's like a zombie smoking a cigarette sandwich, a zombie like checking his phone. There's a zombie with a bottle of water.


It, that was almost more unsettling than seeing a bunch of People. Then he saw Brad Pit walk by and he just passed out completely. Yeah. Yeah. He sadly was not the was not present. Yeah. Have you been there recently? It's been a few years, but, but I'm hoping soon to be able to take our kids there. 'cause I want to introduce them to, I want them to know like the one place in the world where their last name is a common name. I want them to like, oh, that's great. You know, meet their cousins in the Is that True? Is that a, is Is that, is that a quite a company that's like Smith over there. I mean you, there was a statue to Anton Buttigieg who was the president of Malta and a great poet and like, we're not even related. Wow. They Were Wild. They were like, I think that wild, he was like neighbors with my great grandparents or something like that.


I mean, but it's incredible. It's a fascinating place. It's just beautiful. And how old are your Kids, by the way now? They're three. They're turning four this summer. That's Great. That's So cool. Yeah, boy and a girl twins fun age. That's great. And we will be right back.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I don't know, it's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, and did I say job title yet? So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


You've booked your flights, you've booked your place to stay. Now what adventure doesn't need to begin when you arrive with get your guide planning is as much of an experience as the trip itself Get Your Guide is an online platform where you can discover and book a range of activities in the US and around the world. Choose from over 150,000 experiences, including guided tours, sightseeing excursions, adventure activities, museum tickets, and so much more. Get your Guide brings the thrill of discovery to every moment leading up to your trip. No matter where you're headed, get your guide is the best way to connect with your destination. With locally vetted and expertly curated experiences, there's something for everyone. Whether it's musty, iconic attractions, or unexpected under the radar gems, it's awesome. With flexible booking options, mobile tickets, and millions of verified reviews, you'll find everything you need to simplify trip planning and book the best things to do in thousands of destinations. Discover and book experiences for your next trip@getyourguide.com. That's Get Your guide.com.


Guys, it's getting to be summer. The days are getting longer and they're a little warmer. It's the perfect time to be outside in your backyard and hang out with friends and cook and have a little drink and frolic and tell jokes. It's the best time of year for those of us in cold weather states. Summer is almost on its way and there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair. Wayfair's. Huge selection of outdoor updates makes it easy to make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you shop patio sets and lounge chairs, outdoor tables and umbrellas, grills, sheds, gazebos, and even hot tubs. There's something for every style in every home, no matter your space or budget. Plus get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So, you know, I found the perfect thing on Wayfair. It just totally fit my vibe. My outdoor space is a very chill summary like barbecue feel. So I got these little lanterns, I put little fake candles in the lanterns and you just put a battery in 'em and it looks, it makes outdoor look so beautiful at night and in inviting and cozy and it's awesome. So we have some friends over. We cook outside. It's super fun. Shop, a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


And now back to the show. Hey, I want to get back to infrastructure for one second. You guys, you guys got that huge bill passed and, and got a lot of great stuff started. I'm assuming a lot of that stuff is still happening and, and, and marching forward. And, and if the answer to that is yes, are there, are, is there anything you can talk about that maybe we might not know about that you're super excited about? That is, that is, that is still, you know, a couple of years away from being completed. 'cause a lot of these things are obviously long, long term builds, but like, you know, you said like bullet train in in Tokyo. Yeah. Like, like stuff like that. Is that what what's coming down? What's coming down the road? Yeah, there's a bunch. So we funded about 70,000 projects.


Roughly 20,000 of them are done. But, but yeah, most of them, you know, by their very nature, they take years and years to do. Matter of fact, I drive past one almost every day here in Michigan that, that I remember signing off on. That's, that's now actually now everybody's grumbling about it 'cause it's, you know, it's in construction and blocking traffic. But eventually it's gonna be great redesigning the road there to make it safer. But yeah, there, there's, you know, there is a high speed, there are a few high-speed rail things going on. One I'm excited about is a high speed rail connection from Las Vegas to Southern California. Yeah. And it was a public private partnership. We funded it with, with federal dollars, but there's also a private company bringing a lot of the dollars to the table and partnering with the state of Nevada to get it done.


That if they hit their marks, it'll be going before the end of this decade. And Wow. Just, just zipped down. It, it, a lot of it as actually straight down the median of I 15. That's how they solved the really of getting the Yeah. 'cause one of the hardest things when you're building a railroad is to put together the, the right of way. Right, right. To get the land lined up. Yeah. Right. Of course. And so there was a big portion where they were able to take advantage of the right of way that's already there on the interstate. So that's one that I'm excited about. How long would that take, do you think, to get from Vegas to, to la? I know it's dramatically quicker than driving. I think I gotta look it up, but definitely under the, because hours and hours. I like the idea of the train of like the one, like going to Vegas, that train is filled with happy, excited people and coming back.


It's all somber and hungover. Yeah. You'd rather walk home Broke. Everybody's broke, You know? Totally. No, it, what excites me is the idea that like, instead of going to Japan and coming back and talking about how amazing it would be, you know, to, to have something like that. Like we'd see that somewhere in the US. 'cause I think if people experience that like right, somewhere in the us then, then people are gonna want it everywhere. And it's, you know, it's, it's, yeah. I'm looking it up now. It's two, two hours and 10 minutes is what they're shooting for. Gotcha. Oh wow. That's pretty good. And then what did you push forward? Stuff that we can expect to see a bunch of cars driving around without drivers behind it, or trucks without drivers. Is, is that stuff coming as well? So yeah, we Worked on that. You know, we, we don't, the industry is, is creating that, that's the private sector, but Okay.


But, but our job was to kind of work on the policies to make sure it was safe. Yeah. And to try to support some of the pilot programs that were going on. I, I actually really believe in the potential of this technology. I know it's spooky Yeah. For people. You see a car, there's nobody behind the wheel. It's definitely, But as you mentioned earlier about, you know, distracted drivers and stuff that takes the, the main cause of exactly. Of, of danger out of it. Exactly. No, it's, it's definitely possible to envision a future where people are shocked that that, that we drove our own cars. Yeah. Right. But, but, but I, I have to say though, because I just actually, I was just talking to you, Jane will at the Yeah. Waymo Day, right? Yeah. I was talking about Waymo, which is a self-driving car, and I've Dr I've been in one before, but I'm like, of course I'm a catastrophic thinker.


So I think of all the bad parts and all the bad things that could happen. So I'm like, well, this is a terrorist dream to have. I mean, there's so many scenarios I could come up with. I could tell you right now about how to use self-driving cars in a horrible way. Well, Just one, give us one Money. Well, maybe you'd be late for a daytime massage. Start there. Imagine that. It wouldn't have, it wouldn't have, it didn't need to know to put the key in the cup holder. You Know what I mean? No, It's the 60 60. How many billion Pete, how many billions did you guys put towards? Yeah, no, that's the kill switch you take, you take the key outta the cup holder and then you don't have a problem. Yeah, yeah. No, you could, You could. But my, but my thing is, Sean, as I said to you, is like, I'm worried about cars showing up at restaurants with people who have reservations and it shows up at valet is just like a dead person in the back.


You know what I mean? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, they had a heart attack on their way to Yeah. Or or that, yeah. Or that. Wow. I will admit, I I never thought of that when we were Yeah. I can think about a million Things and then all of a sudden It does so Well, Pete, you've got, you've got such a, you know, you, you seem to very treasure like we all do our, our our private life. And I would assume that you're, you're, you're incredibly, you know, accomplished career in public life has, has made that difficult to maintain. Was that, was that a part, as we all try to battle with it, is that a part that you are comfortable maintaining? Do you, do you guys, do you find the ability to, to be private or are you, are you guys, because I you must get stopped all the time on the street and, and yeah.


Like, is that tough for the kids and Yeah, I definitely think about it different. Like, it's like, it's one thing to like, you know, take a selfie with somebody at the airport or at a restaurant when I'm just doing my thing. It's another, if, if I feel like somebody might be like, taking pictures of our kids or, you know, we're, we're, you know, just trying to Like pretending to be reading an email. Yeah. I mean, pe I'm sure you've, you've had this experience where like people go through all kinds of links to look like they're not taking a picture when they're taking a picture. Yeah. I'm usually pretty oblivious to this. Chasin Chasin detects it and then usually takes a picture back at them or, or teases them about it. But it's like, you know, just picture or says, I dude, real loud. Did you get It? You ask for a picture, it's fine. But y yeah, you obviously you think about those things differently with your kids. But I'll say like, the community we're in in Michigan is, is really great, really warm, welcoming, supportive, And they know you're there.


So. Yeah. And generally when, when we're out and about, I mean, people, people understand that, that we have a family. But yeah, you, you think about this differently. You know, they're three, so they're not old enough to really notice or, or care about, you know, stuff that goes with being high profile right now. But it, yeah, it definitely changes the stakes, I think for anyone who's in public life who's thinking about what to do next. Go ahead John. I was just saying, have you ever heard of a place called gle Michigan? Yeah. Yeah. It's a really small Town. It's not too far from South Bend, I think. Okay. So it's, you got A timeshare you wanna offer him? No, Reyna, my, one of my Rayna lives there, Reyna lives, she has a restaurant there called Ray and Al's, and it's one of the greatest restaurants. So you check it out. Oh, good to know. All right. Yeah. Yeah.


Thank you caller. Thank you. Good plug for Raina's for Ray and s Well no, I didn't know if you name of town close there. Sean's their Website. You wanna gleen Gleen Gleen. If you're in Gleen, Michigan, go Ray and Al's and say Rena and say hi. Say you, Sean sent you And get 20% Off. Get 10% off your appetizers. Exactly, Exactly. So listen, you don't have to answer this, but I would love if you ran for president. Yes, please. And then second, is there something, 'cause Jason kind of asked what your, well, what are you worried about the most in the future, in the near future? And what are you most hopeful about? Well, obviously like politically, I think my, my worries about the political scene here are, I imagine pretty obvious.


I'm concerned about the, the things that are happening to freedom in this country. And, and I've, I've been very outspoken about that. I'm also very concerned about what could happen with ai. And I don't just mean like the extinction scenarios and all the crazy stuff. I'm talking about something a little closer to home. And I think quicker than people realize, which is how many jobs are at risk. Yeah. Stuff that we thought would happen in like a hundred years and it could happen by the end of this decade. And just really, really profoundly changing everything. Pete, Pete, we were having a discussion about this the other day 'cause we were talking about the idea of bringing manufacturing back to the us which we all could agree would be fantastic, right?


Yeah. If we could, if we could create more jobs, jobs that were lost over decades and decades and a lot by, and, and by the way, a lot of those jobs were farmed out and sent over there by the very same people who were saying, Hey, what the hell? How did we do this? Well, we didn't do it. You guys did it because it was saving you a lot of money. However, we, we can all agree it would be fantastic to bring more jobs. There's no argument there. But one of the things we were talking about the other night is this idea that now, and you brought it up, ai, when you combine that with, you know, advancement in robotics, we have the potential to really decimate the workforce here in this country on a, on a pretty massive scale. And as you pointed out quite quickly Yeah.


And not just manufacturing workers or warehouse workers we're talking about I know doctors, lawyers, investors. Like it's, yeah. You know, yes. All of it. I mean, Hollywood was ground zero for some of this, right. With the, with the, the writer strike. And that shows you just how big a range of of people are impacted. So, but that brings me to maybe the hope side, which is I think if we get it right, there's also enormous potential here. But, but like our politics has to be lined up the right way and we have to line up our economy the right way. And what I mean by that, I'm taking the example of self-driving cars, right? There's all kinds of nightmare scenarios. There's also a chance to eliminate one of the leading causes of death in this country, right? Which is the kind murderous track record of, of, of human drivers that we lose 40,000 people a year, right? And more generally, like the same AI systems that could cause huge disruption, could also help us cure cancer and solve climate change and all, all these other things.


I think the biggest question is, do we have a political system that makes sure that the enormous wealth that's being created by this technology flows through to the people? Or does it get concentrated even? Oh, For sure we do. Pete, I'm not worried about that at all. Okay. Well, I'm glad you're not worried. No, no, no, no. I'm, I, I'm really excited about, are you guys excited about the new robotic AI version of Will and Grace? How could would that be? Hey, Everybody's just Jack. It's me. It's just Jack. I already, we already saw it. What, but but Pete, when you say flowing back through the people, does that, would that be in the shape of perhaps training the workforce? That would be without a job to, to better transition into, into a job that is available maybe through the advancements.


I just mean money actually like, like a dividend. Exactly. Because the, the, you know, remember the taxpayer created a lot of this value. Like the internet was literally a federal research project in the sixties funded by the American taxpayer. So I, to me, it's only fair that Americans see more of the income generated by it. But also the thing with training is this isn't just about getting people their income back. I've seen this where I come from in the industrial Midwest. Somebody's been working in a machine shop for, for 18 years, and then that machine shop is, is closing down and they come along and say, well do this retraining program, same education, you get the same income, you just gotta be a nurse's aid. And that's a perfectly like worthy job.


But this guy does not, that job wasn't just his, his income. That was his identity. Right. And if you're not speaking to that, then we're gonna have all kinds of social upheaval as we already are, but it's gonna get worse. So What then, what would be the answer then? You know, getting back to your, your point about maybe training for transitioning into an, into another available occupation, if that occupation is not aligned with somebody's passion or dreams or identity. Yeah. What would the answer then be to how to use the, the, the newfound funds? Well, I, I think, and again, I think some of the funds should just directly, we should have a tax structure where those funds are directly flowing to people more. But, but in terms of what we do, I think we, we as a society don't know what to do with ourselves sometimes if we're not, if, if we're not putting it all into our jobs and I'm, I'm somebody, you know, I'm guilty of that.


Like I'm, I, I have meaningful work and I've, I've thrown myself into my jobs and, and that can be a very good thing. But there's so many other sources of meaning that can be connected to service. They can be connected to a lot of things that used to be considered maybe more conservative coded. But I think, I think my party should pay more attention to them, like, like family and faith. That that can bring meaning to a lot of people. Local involvement, like shaping your community. Like things where human, uniquely human skills are absolutely needed that we could show more regard for. Like as an economy in a society, we don't show a lot of regard for the, the work that goes into parenting. We definitely don't, you know, compensate that kind of work properly.


Same thing with service. I mean, right now they're cutting AmeriCorps as, as we record this, they're cutting all kinds of service things that, that actually, in a world where AI generates more the value and productivity, like we could, you know, a lot of people could have a, a, a, a shorter work week, more money in their pockets and a chance to do things in their community that would absolutely be a source of pride and meaning. And I wanna live in that kind of, that kind of society. Yeah. Well Pete, Pete, I, I made the, and I was quite flippant about it when I made the comparison to Canada and the US in terms of a sense of social consciousness. But I, and because I do agree with you, I do agree that there is a long history of it in this country and that there is still a vein of that.


I think that we've been maybe potentially distracted is the word that I'll use. And, and, and maybe in certain areas gotten off the path and focused more on our differences and also focus more on ourselves. But I think you're right. I think that if potentially we can all start to, and, and I, I mean all of us, I mean, me too, if we can all start thinking about somebody, we're so hung up on our own condition. And if we could start thinking about other people, it's a really simple concept that if you think about somebody else and you think about helping somebody else, you're actually, your situation improves immediate. Well it does, your own situation does improve because it changes your vibration to sound too woo woo. I totally agree With all that. Absolutely true.


Yeah. And, and being of service, super, super important. And if everybody did it a little bit, the shift would be absolutely. I know, But how do you get people to do it? I don't know. Put a little incentive there. Yeah. I mean it's really, if you boil it down, if you're feeling bad, just on a day to day, if, if you're, if you wake up today, if I feel bad today, if I go out and do something for somebody else, I will immediately alleviate that and raise my own vibration again. It sounds very woo woo. I'm not woo That. Well, is this something that you're tracking on your aa ring on the app itself? Jason? This concept is tougher doing something for somebody else.


How would I, let me look that you Talk slower, please. Two pictures. Pictures are better. Pictures are better. Pete, before we let you go, I would love to hear from you who, if you could travel back in time, who would you love to sit down, have a coffee with to get to get some tips from on how to address this? This I would, I guess I shouldn't say uniquely challenging situation. Yeah. Where we find ourselves in, 'cause we seem to cycle through moments like this. But who do you, who'd you love to talk to right now to deal With? Well, I could definitely imagine, and, and I was maybe a little obvious to the point of cliche, but I, I can picture like, ha if, if I get to have a coffee with Abraham Lincoln and I'm saying like, look, our country's divided it's po.


He says, oh, you think, you think your, your country's divided. Wow. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. You know, I mean, he was in charge when half of the country broke off and declared war against the other half, mainly for the purpose of being able to continue enslaving people. Right. So for a little perspective around our problems, I think he would be a really good person to talk to. Right. And also somebody who was unflappable in so many ways. And, and like for somebody who has the ambition to become a president and a wartime president, surprisingly low ego. There's a famous anecdote where one of his generals was getting outta hand and, and his advisor said, you gotta cut this guy down to size. And he said, I would, I would hold his horse if he could win this, this battle for me.


And just attributes that I would like to see a little more of. So I know, I know it's a little obvious, but I, I can't think of No, it's a good, like in the Political space, I can't think of somebody who'd more want to consult in Lincoln. No, it's a good answer. And I asked, I had asked Sean about a week ago that same question and get, you know what he said he'd like to sit that No Chef Ardi. What? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Just to see you just said nice meal. It's just How did he Yeah, I would Guitar. How did ya number two, the colonel. Yeah. Number Two, the colonel. Yeah. How do you make it? And then Ronald McDonald. So listen, Pete, thank you so, so much for coming on and making Yes.


Don't ever stop talking and going on these shows. I mean, it's just, Please, it's, yeah. Yeah. It's, You're just amazing and thank you for all that you do. Hey, thanks for having me. I really enjoyed it. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Looking forward to seeing more of you in the very near future, if you know what I mean. I'll be around, I'll be out there. Thank you. Okay, good. I'll be around. Okay, good. See you later. Thank you very much. Thank You so much. Thanks. Love to you and Chasten and the kids too. Yes. Thanks so Much. Okay. Yeah. Bye bye. Take care There. Yeah. I felt weird calling him Pete. I know, me too. I feel like who started it? Did you start calling me or? I think it kind of, it came out by accident and I felt like that was maybe disrespectful but I know wasn't, I Don't think he would've minded.


I I, I have had a dinner with him a couple times. Secretary Buttigieg. Is that what we should have said? S secretary, Mr. Secretary. Well, but he's not that anymore. He's, No, but I think you get to carry that for Oh You do? Okay. I don't know. Yeah. A coach. Sean, will you write him something nice and apologize for us? Oh yeah. Just say that you had started it and you feel bad that the other guys can You, could you mail it with some hazardous materials just to test his theory Out? Just to test his theory. By the way, I didn't wanna say anything, but I put my hand in my pocket during that interview and I still have two peanut m and ms in it. Oh my What From last night's rave? No, tonight this morning I put 'em in there. Oh God. Because you was Waiting. Hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on.


It's, it's 10 30 in the morning. You put two peanut m and MSM in before nine 30. Yeah. Well just in case you were thinking, well maybe I can earn these at some point today. Yeah, No, I had a bunch of 'em and I ate 'em all 'em, but I thought I ate 'em on and there's two left in there. What time did you have Your first Emine M today? 9 39. Nine little after night. Doesn't matter with you. Did that come outta the candy bowl there in the living room? Yes. You know it very well. You know you won't eat them if you don't have a candy bowl. Wait, can you write that down? Yeah. How often do you go to the dentist? I just went yesterday And Everything's great. I, it's not like I don't brush, I don't, I don't eat candy and then close my mouth. Do You floss? Yeah. Every day.


Truly I do. Every single day. Why Wouldn't, isn't that And that's morning or night? I do morning. And if I ate something like a steak or something that gets between your teeth, I do like, I'll do another floss. I'll do a second Floss. And you do the little swords or do you do the, the old seal school? No, I can't do the swords because they make your gums bleed because you put 'em down so hard. You know what I mean? Well, don't you be nicer to yourself and you won't bleed. You know, go Soft. But you don't have a choice. 'cause you gotta get it there. They're Not as good. They're not as good as a, as actual floss either. Either. That's right. And they're good in a pinch button. You can control the floss, you know? Yeah. But they're a cheat and they're not as good. And it makes you le a lesser person. Weren't we just talking about the Secretary of Transportation? Pete Buttigieg. And now, and now I brought us into floss. I apologize.


How great is he? You, you, by the way, you both asked all the questions I would've wanted to ask and I di I I didn't, he didn't answer the thing about the president. I mean, do you think he'll run? Well we, I I, I think Well You didn't ask him. You said, I want you to I Know. We didn't want to ambush him with that. That's right. It's too early. Come on. That's right. I just kind of glazed over it. But I, I wonder You didn't ask him for any theater stories. I, I didn't. I know I didn't ask him for any theater. You know what I liked about him? He's, he's a, he's, he, he speaks very soberly. And I do like the idea. I like the idea that he goes on and, and he goes on to other shows. He goes on to shows across the political spectrum. And I think that's really important because as you both know, we, we all have, we, we have a lot of people in our lives, friends and family who live across that same political spectrum.


Right. And we all find ways to meet in the middle and talk about stuff. And we all want the best for each other. And I like the idea that he goes and he does that very same thing. I don't feel as divided as a lot of people do from the people on other ends of the spectrum. I think it's important that we all continue to talk 'cause we're all in this together. That's Right. Yes, I agree. Amen. Amen. 100%. And he checks a lot of boxes that you'd think would, would change both sides. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. And there are a lot of things that, that make sense that, that a lot of people say, you know, and, and there are some, sometimes the message is harder for people to digest and I get, or not the message, the delivery and the approach. But you know, we do have a lot of stuff that's, that's common ground. And JB I know you're looking For a bot.


He has a nice way about him. He does have a really nice way about him And he nice way about him. He does very nice speaking voice on him. Yeah, He does. And I meant it when he says he takes the contention out of it. Right. He's like, I'm not here to argue. I'm just here to talk and, you know, let's all feel like we're getting Sean's thinking of a one of you. Yeah. He's doing a massive Google search right now. I mean this is Something the, you know, I think a lot, I think up a lot of 'em in between like during the week and then I forget them. That's a good story. You should open It back. You know what a bison I heard, you know, would be a good one. Work we've work in We did, we've done that a million times. Yeah. Yeah. It's such a stupid thing that we're doing What you've been saying. It's stupid since day one.


Well, but every single time we get to it, it's, it's insane to me. And it's now it's just ironic, you know, that we're, that we're doing like, it's so dumb that we're, that that we just decided we do it. It's so dumb. Let's just still do it. Yeah. You know, and It's just, should we not, so you don't wanna do it by the way, we don't have to think of a word. We could just say goodbye. Well, Yeah. How we can do, how would you, how would you wrap this thing up with our Well, I have one that would work For, I would say you just make your situation. Listen, we're in a situation that you don't like. Right. And you feel, you, you, you don't like that we're in this situation. And Jason, I'm gonna play Golf to change it. I'm gonna put in golf terms. Oh, that's Great. You Wanna change it. So sometimes you hit, you hit a good drive Sure. And you go down the middle of the thing. Yeah. But you know, it's a little bit.


And you know what? You can always do what? You can always improve your life. Life. No, not cutting it. Okay. That I was gonna say. I was gonna say, wait, it's right there. It's right there. He's Pete Buttigieg. He was in, he was in office. He was, he reached across the aisle. He, he was very, he was very, very bipartisan. Bipartisan. Bye bye. See you next week. Smart. Smart. Last SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant.


Terry, Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco Smart last.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today.


Summer is coming right to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all the season go-tos delivered just when you want them snacks, towels, and even pillows. Get it all delivered the same day with Target Circle 360 restrictions apply.


Substance use disorder and addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets you know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing, shatterproof and the Ad Council.