
For resources and to support those affected by the California wildfires, go to smartlist.com/wildfires. Hey guys, I just wanna say welcome to all our fans overseas. I don't think there are any, I don't think, well, hang on a second. I don't think we've ever done a welcome to our overseas fans, wherever you are. I know we get a lot of listeners, and this is not a bit, we get a lot of listeners in Iran. Yeah, yeah. And I will say we do have a huge listenership there. We have a, some listeners in, in Germany, we have some French listeners. Bova, Uk, Canada, UK for sure. Canada. Australia. Well, Canada's not over NEC, but look, look at 'em now.


Okay. Sorry. And so, but, but Lakes, certainly the people that are friends down in Australia, down under, yes. We have a lot of fans down There. Gall, who are You? A lot of fans in Brazil. The home of the Brazilian, and just to all of our fans. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Less smart. Less smart, less. Yeah. God, that was, yeah. He's barely with us. Stupid. Sean didn't know we had to record today. What, what did we interrupt, Sean?


Were you in the middle of toasting a Pop-Tart? No. I wish I saw my things and my trays in Ugh. Big Oat You Isn't not your Trays. Is that Invisalign? Yeah. Or is it just a bite? Is it like a bite stick? No, there I have one more tray to go. And, and then what, what are you working towards? Perfect Teeth. When they lay you in the coffin. Is that what it is? Why'd you choose to do it in the, in the last third of your life? They were pretty, they were pretty jacked. They were getting real jacked. No, they really weren't. You're just running outta shit to fuck with. Well, this is true. This is true. Don't you think? No, I panicked. I had a whole, whole other thing. And then I just got the text And I was like, oh my, there's no worse. It's like getting a text saying, We're sleeping through your alarm Clock.


Absolutely. Or, or getting a text that says, where are you at? You're on your way. Well, like, oh my God, What do you guys do? What do you guys, how do you guys not miss appointments on a day? Do you? I Usually don't. Do you, but do you? But why, why do you not miss them? Is it because you look at your calendar, calendar app. Calendar app. The night before, or morning of Night before. Night before. Yeah, night Before. Night before. And I do a, I get an email the night before as well from people I work with that say, here's what you got coming up tomorrow. I do a Weekend. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're getting an email from people you work with? Yeah. Yeah. That they send. So this is from your executive assistants From Sweet, from Sweet Liz.


And she sends me, Hey, boss, boss man, here's what's coming up for you tomorrow. Doesn't doesn't, I don't make her talk to me like that. I'm not like you. She sends me an email Sunday, Sunday night. I get week at a glance. Oh, nice. And she does Like, it's a TV show. Yeah. I get we at a glance and she sort of says, this is what's coming up in the next week. And sometimes even if it's a busy month, she'll be like, this is what's coming Up. Yeah. But you can't do that yourself. I kind of do that too. Hashtag relatable. I I, I could do it myself. By the way, you're the call my assistant guy. I never say that. I, Who says that? You do. I make my, I look at my own calendar. She'll put stuff on my calendar. No, but I will give myself a week at a glance. You, You'll say to a day glance, talk to the assistants.


You say that. I've heard you say it a million times. Listen, I love you. There's no, there are very few people who love you more than I do. I love you a lot. And, but you're, I love you. You're made up of your nothing but blind spots. Sean, do you have Sean? Do you have any As sha Sean laughed at it too, you know, I guess Sean, he loves it Too. You have, do you have an assistant, Sean? I do. Yes. It helps my life. Do you not know his assistant? Hang on, JB No, I don't. How do you not Why Do I not? Because I know Liz And I know Bloom. Yeah, I know Bloom. And I know Nick. What's his of her name? Nick. Nick. Why have I never met Nick? Or ever heard of Nick? Well, because I, Because you're not, this is what I'm saying. 'cause you're living in a blind spot, bro. Hey, you're like, Wayne, keep your voice down.


I'd love it if your name was Wayne. I know Wade. Only thing better would be Wade. If my name was Wayne, I had a buddy named Wade. Wade Wilson. Hi, Wade. Wait, what's been Sean? How you been doing? Are you okay? I'm great. I just, I'm, I'm still frazzled about that being Late. You're frazzled. But how are you in general? Oh, thanks for asking. I'm really good. Are you? Yeah. Why? Something I should know. No, I couldn't tell the other night. Like I've just, I I feel like I, it, it's a very nothing to do with what's going on in the, I don't mean like sort of No, I just mean that like, in general, it's a weird time. I, for me, it's kind of a weird time. I woke up yesterday with, And I don't get this a lot. I had like general anxiety about ICI don't know, I couldn't explain it.


Low grade. Yeah. Kinda low grade. And I couldn't, I couldn't shake it. And I don't know. And I'm, and I'm not really made that way in the sense that like I'm, I feel really lucky that I think I've mentioned this before. Downey once said, nobody wakes up in the morning morning happy or to be themselves than you. And, and, and it's sort of true. That's kind of true. Yeah. But, but I do So, But you're not bright enough to be concerned about things. I think So. I think that's probably True. Takes a lot of, I think, that have a lot of intelligence to really see all the problems that could come your way. I, I think That, I think that's true. Or, or or it's just that everything's worked out. But it's one of the, it's one of the two. But, well, but We had a, we had a wonderful conversation on Saturday around the table. I love that.


We had a really Great conversation With, we got so many things With Danny, our friend Danny Des whom, whom we all love and adore. But I, I, but you know, sometimes, so I think that the, the, the contrast when I'm not feeling great is, so is I, I really feel it. Because Usually you're 72 and breezy. Yeah. Yeah. And I, it was weird, man. And I kind of took all day And I was like, And I was just trying to, I don't know. I was, I was looking to redirect all day. I was like, what am I gonna do? What am I gonna, and how about today? Did you wake up back to it today? Yeah. A little bit better today. Little bit better. And So, okay. Can I tell you what it was? Yeah. Because I had the same thing yesterday. Yeah. It was the sugar. You think so? It's, It's sugar. I swear To God.


Oh, that's interesting. It's Fucking, we had that big fat fucking carrot cake. Yeah. And God was it good? And it, it was sugar. It was a disaster yesterday. Really? But it was Will's cheat day and everybody had a little piece of cake. Yes. Cheat day, cheap Meal, not Day. Cheap meal. Cheap meal, sorry. And, and everybody got served a little piece of cake and will got served two, like two pieces of cake and five things of ice cream. And I said, you know, I had, And I said, I said, how many people are you cheating for? Exactly. Well, how many people are you cheating on? You did, but did you notice this week that, that I ate mine? I only had one piece of cake. And then I had a few, few scoops of ice cream, which I brought with me. Like a, like a psycho. You brought fucking chocolate sauce with you too. No, that was Jen's, she that was at her house.


This isn't a cheat day. You're impregnating people as well. I guess it's, it's not just, you know. But do you remember two, two weeks ago? Do you remember two weeks ago when Jen, when, when our friend, when I went to have a second piece and she looked at me and she was like, do honey, do you really wanna do that? She shamed me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This week you guys, you guys should just need to get married and get it over with. I know this week. That's true. She's true. She, she saw me look at her like she'd had like three bites, tiny bites of her cake. And she pushed it towards me. And I thought it was a really kind, I saw that and then I kind of got, kind of got sad. I was like, why didn't you push it toward me? 'cause you don't look as much like a trash can a little Bit. Well, I think that, I think that Shawnee, this is my vision of you, is that you're like, I'm only having one piece.


And then you kept going into the kitchen and you would stuff That Is correct Stuff. And silence and shame. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, so who's ready? So we're, we're feeling good today though, right? We're all back to it. That's Interesting about the sugar thing though, Jay. I wanna talk about that. I Swear to God, I the sugar thing's true. Good. And you know, the other thing is mess me up. My new hack And I, maybe I've talked about this. I just, I tried to call a few people and talk to a few people and ask them how they were doing. And that was really helpful. Oh, that's good. Yeah. That really, really helped. Get outta your own head a little Bit. Do you not have my right number? You might not have my right number. I knew how you were doing. Okay. Which I just seen you nine hours before. We all know how you were doing. Okay.


I'm cold this morning. It's true. Love you in la. We love you. You got the hoodie on. I love you. And I love our next guest guys. Today we have a fellow who's been a part of our lives for a long time. He's been delivering films and TV shows as a director and as an actor for about 35 years. Oh wow. He's a huge part of the entertainment business, but keeps well out of the spotlight as a director. He can deliver some of the most hilarious moments on screen. Or the most brutal and disturbing as an actor. He can do the same. He loves football. His son and Ari Emanuel, not necessarily in that order. I love him. His movies and his ability to send hilarious gifts in that order. Folks, it's America's Pete Berg. Come on out. Pete. Pete.


Wow. Ah, wowy Wowy. Did I get that right? Is that the order? Is your love for football, Emmett and Ari? Is that the bright order? It's, it's, my son fluctuates. It's my son Ra football, I Would have to say. Yeah. But They're all, They're all Up there, dude. They're all up there. That's Cool. It's so nice to meet you. It's a pleasure to meet. You Will. Sorry to hear about the anxiety. I agree with Bateman. It's definitely the sugar's not helping, so No, And you're very smart about that stuff, right? Pete? Pete, you should know I've been off the sugar for a few months, but I have one cheat meal every seven days as per my, That's why it's affecting you a lot.


Yeah, probably. Probably. 'cause you're probably, your body's so cleaned out. But does, does sugar have to be part of the cheat meal? Can't you just eat, you know, pizza or something? Like bacon? Yeah. Yeah. How bacon? I think it's, I think it's that and everything else. I prob I probably should. I I've, I I think that it's just, Well, but like, like any of us sort of folks in recovery, we miss the sweet, we miss Yeah. We miss the sugar of alcohol. Yeah. And I think it's, you know, for a long time, for some reason, cigarettes curved that curved it for me for a while and then when that went away Okay, like now then Yeah, then the coke. 'cause it looks like sugar. Yeah. No, not good. Stevia helps me out. Stevia helps me out. Oh, Go ahead.


Stevie's. Pete, You're good with, you're good with, you're good with, look at you. God, you Look trim man, you look Great. Pete's look so good. If you took that tarp off right now, you'd see somebody that could beat your ass. Annette pretty handily. I I know He could. I Would never runs a boxing gym. I do. I've known, I've known Pete. Pete, you And I have known each other very loosely for years. I, I've said hi to you many times And I wish it was more than just a hi. It's always been in passing. And Sean, I don't believe we've met, but it's a pleasure to meet you also. This Is correct. We have not met. And it is a pleasure to meet you too, Peter. I'm a big fan. Pete, tell me about, tell me about, tell me about the boxing while we're here. Yeah. This is, it's, it's, it's been a steady escalation of commitment from you, not just in training, but then like now you're, now, now you're co-owning a gym.


How, yeah. Yeah. So I, about 15 years ago, I was thinking about maybe a side hobby and yeah, people were asking me if I wanted to go in on a restaurant or maybe a bar. And, and to me that just seemed like a horrible idea for many reasons. Just like one talk about like, all blind spot I had, I had enough of, 'cause I'm like, you, I have a lot of blind spots, but there was, I, I sensed that that would be a bad move for me to open a a bar, be part of that. Yeah. And at the time, I was boxing at a club that Bob Dylan owns in Santa Monica. No way. The trainer of the gym got into a beef with Bob, which is a whole great story in itself.


Getting, getting into beats with Bob Dylan, which like, there's a whole side of Bob Dylan around the boxing gym. Hey, yeah. Hey, I'll hit you with A guitar. You know, you're really annoying me today. And, and, and if you don't do something, I'm gonna get physical on you. But we used to, we used to spar Bob. But you could never hit No. You weren't really allowed to hit him back. And he would pop you, Bob Dylan had a sharp jab and, and it was supposed to be like, but you couldn't hit him back. And So I took a few shots from Bob, but Dylan got in a fight with the then head trainer and fired him. And Gary Sling, who's a good friend of mine, was also training at that gym.


Oh my God. And Gary came to me and said, Pete, why don't we take this trainer and start our own gym? No way. And, And I said, okay. It seemed like a better, more interesting experience than opening a bar. And so Gary And I backed this gentleman, started our own gym, and the gentleman who we hired ended up leaving. We had some problems with him. And then Gary died, RIP Gary Sling, who I love so much. Yeah, great. And left me alone with a boxing gym. And it has been one of the stupidest things that I have ever done in my life.


Bar. What's The next fucking none. Wait, Why? What's the next Do not open up. That Sounds like such an easy thing to run low overhead. There's no maintenance, there's no, Hey, clean these towels and lock the door. You Know? That's it. You know, two things, two things, actually. Technically three things. One thing is PE people, people say that I got a lot of blind spots, but I don't see him. The other thing is this, she's wonderful, is my son who's 16, the last year and a half he's gotten into boxing and he's boxing at another gym that I'm not going to name, but he's going twice. And now he just said to me last night, dad, can I start going three times a week? And he boxes with this guy, which is really cool. And I was thinking like, I'd love to get him out to your gym maybe, and, and get him in there and get another one. There you go. Churchill Boxing Club in Santa Monica.


Come on down. It's, it's a great gym. Great. Well, we're gonna get a nice boon, but here's what I wanted to say is a little sideline. 'cause I do want to finish the boxing theme is we haven't spent enough time, I feel like we've been delinquent on this podcast. We haven't spent enough time talking about and giving credence to Gary Shanley because he was one of talk about a heavyweight. To use the analogy, this guy was an unbelievable, he's the reason I got HBO because p you knew him. I, I didn't know the guy, but what an influence he had on, on what we consider to be comedy now in a lot of ways. Gary Shandling. Yeah. Actors, writers format. Sure. What was he like? What was he like? So, I mean, I, you know, I, I got to to see both sides of Gary.


You know, I saw him as, you know, a comic titan And I, you know, a a very entrenched member of our industry. And, and that's how most people knew Gary. The boxing gym is actually a fascinating culture. Our, our gym is meant to be a pretty traditional boxing gym with pro fighters. So we would have a lot of Russians, south Americans, we had folks from Japan, we had Chinese fighters. And these were, you know, young men who would come to la, rarely spoke much English, we're not at all connected. And Gary took a deep interest in their lives. And I Would come into the gym and Gary would be sitting with, you know, a couple of kids from Argentina talking about boxing and talking about life, and had this incredible connection.


And when Gary passed away, there was a huge memorial. I I don't know if any of you guys went to it, you know, a couple thousand people, you know, everyone in Hollywood went to Gary's memorial service. And then the next day we had a service for him at the gym. And there were, you know, a couple of hundred people who knew Gary only as g from the gym. And they had no idea that he was, you know, famous. They had no idea that he had this other life. Wow. Wow. They just thought he was a really sweet guy who cared about them. And he really did. And so that, that was a side of Gary. He absolutely loved boxing. He loved Bob Dylan and loved fighting with Bob Dylan.


I'd love to see that pay per view. That's such A funny image. Gary tried to do a talk show where he Yes, he would. He would, yes. He would fight you three rounds in the ring, and as soon as those three rounds were over, you would collapse. And, and, and he'd do an interview. He would do the interview, come on after he'd been punching the shit out of each other. And he only did one That's insane. With Alec, with Alec Baldwin. And, And I was there for it. And, and they both, I think, had heart attacks, literally mini heart attacks. And, and, and at the end of the third round, Baldwin was laying on his side and Gary was laying on his stomach and they were wheezing.


There was like, and, and, and Gary was trying to ask him questions, how'd You get started, Alec? And Yeah. And Baldwin was just like, I, I think I really need some water. Or, or, and I'm like, I'm like, guys, you're, you're both. Can we see this? You're both. I, I it never aired. Did you shoot it? We did. I've seen it, Pete. And it, it got kind of real too in, in when they were fighting too. Right? You, they Were beating the shit out of each other. Bob was tough. And Gary, Gary was deceptively, you know, effective as a boxer. And I think Alec didn't quite know what he was in for. So it started and Alec thought it was gonna be kind of fun, and Chandley just started and get pissed off face punching him over and over and over.


Yeah. It got weirdly real. And like, it was uncomfortable. Wait, Pete, you gotta show us this. You shot it. I, Gary shot it So I, we could maybe dig it up. But it was, it was priceless. Oh. But I was literally concerned that they were both having heart attacks And I got them to stop and drink water. And then, you know, it was one of those, it was a deep level of exhaustion that just wasn't going away. It's Just like an icebreaker before an interview. Like, Yeah. Just to put everybody at ease And we will be right back. And now back to the show, Pete, I do want to go back though. I wanna get back into how you became who you are, which is a, as Jason said in the intro, I mean, you're incredible filmmaker and, and actor, and you haven't acted as much in the last few years as, as you used to, but you started as an actor.


And Jason, you probably feel a lot of connection to what Pete does because he was able to kind of go from an actor who was in a lot of stuff and people wanted and become a director yourself, which I know is a trajectory that you're, that you, you're sort of on Pete, talk a little bit about that, like, about being an actor who's auditioning for jobs than an actor who's in demand, and then turning that into, or having the vision or having what, talk about what it was that Right. Inspired you to become a director, et cetera. So, So I think one of the, the like light bulb moments for me that got me really starting to think about directing, which is something I'd always thought about. And I think Jason always had to, and it was something we used to talk about when we were working together.


I remember on the set of Hancock in particular used talking about filmmaking and me kind of sensing that you were gonna move in this direction. But for me, I was an actor on Chicago Hope, which was a pretty successful medical drama. And we went up against er every Thursday night at 10 o'clock, and they beat us every Thursday night, but we were still getting, you know, 23 million people watching us, which we thought was just horrible because we were coming in second. And that was horrible. But in looking back on it, obviously it wasn't, but I was getting kind of famous as, as this doctor Dr. Billy Cronk on Chicago Hope, and, you know, thank you.


And you know, when you back then in particular got TV famous, you were pretty famous. So wherever I went, people were like, Hey Billy, how you doing, Billy? How's Diane my wife on the show? And Hey Billy, how's the, and I'm like, okay, I'm not fucking Billy. My name's Pete. And at a certain point I started sensing that if I wasn't careful, my legacy was gonna be Dr. Billy Crock, the TV doctor. And I was on a plane flying from LA to JFK, And I was sitting in my seat and people were walking by me, and a man stopped and he said, Hey, Billy. And I said, Hey, my name's not Billy. He goes, Hey Billy, my wife has this rash. What do you think?


Show him the rash. And she pulled up her shirt and stuck her elbow, which had a really bad rash on it in my face. And I'm just sitting there staring at this rash, and they're smiling at me. And all other people on the plane are all kinda like, Hey, Billy, what do you think the rash is? And I clowning you. And I'm like, that's it. I'm not doing this anymore. All that stuff. And I started, you know, writing And I wrote a movie, very Bad Things, which was my first film. And, and, and that, you know, was something that once I got a taste of that and figured out that I, I could do it, I, I never really looked back. And, And I do love acting, but I was not gonna be Billy Crock for the rest of my career.


But what was that thing that made you, were you scared to be like, I can't believe I can, I'm gonna try to do this? Like, how did you get over the fear of, because You had a real career as an actor, like, so you gotta make a leap a little bit and go like, all right, I'm gonna do this. So I was flying to New York to act when the, when the rashes, the Same guy was on the plane and said, I have, I have a different rash. Well, and, and the reason I was on that plane where I was presented with A rash was I was flying to New York to be in a movie called Copland. I was gonna act in it. Oh yes. And that was Stallone and De Niro and Stallone had put weight on and was gonna, you know, try and win an Oscar. And this was Harvey Weinstein producing it in the height of his power. And, and Ray Liot and Harvey Kitan, all these big stars were in the film.


Fucking fantastic. And I, I had a small part in it, and, And I Stallone Directed that too. Right. You wrote it Directed in it. No, James James Mangold directed it, wrote and directed it. And my, I was one of the cops and most of my scenes were in this like, bar. And I Would just sit around waiting for my one line. So Stallone would talk and De Niro would talk, and then finally it would be my line, and I'd be like, yeah, for sure. And then, and, And I Sounds Like me in Kingdom. No, you had a great, you were phenomenal. No, Jason turn left. No, Jason, by the way, sidebar, sidebar. Jason And I had one of my favorite lines ever delivery in the film. And you know what it is, he was like, Hey Driver, are you late for something?


Yeah. He just remember that. And you guys are cruising on the desert. Fuck. I love that. Ibu Dhabi scared outta my mind Anyway, But I was on the set of, of Copland just watching everything happen. And there was this young director, James Mangold, And I was watching him and he was arguing with Stallone and getting into all this creative stuff with, with, with De Niro and Ray. And he was just like, he was alive. He had this energy coming out of him. And I was sitting there waiting for my line, and I'm like, yeah. And I finally at lunch, I walked up to him, I didn't really know him. I said, Hey man, can I ask you a question? He said, yo, what's up? He said, I said, how do I get your job?


Yeah, yeah. How do I get your job? You wanna work 60 minutes an hour, not just 10. And he said, you gotta write. And I said, okay, well how do you, how do you do that? He goes, well, well, do you know how to write? I go, yeah. He goes, well, do you have an idea? I said, kind of. He said, well, what I do is I use note cards And I outline my, and, and, And so then I, when I get all my cards, then I've got the idea. Then I start writing the scenes. And then, So I went back to my hotel And I was staying in the Essex House in New York. You know that hotel? Yeah, sure. Has a big Sunset Park South has the Big beautiful park views, right? Yeah, yeah. I had the shittiest room in the hotel. I had the back tiny little room in the back of the hotel that looked out over an alley.


And I went home And I, I went to the drugstore. I got note cards, I got pen. And I started note, I started writing the note cards and outlining the script. But I had a really small room and, and I had the note cards kind of all over the room. And I'd go to work and come back and more note cards. And I had this whole crazy system. And one day I came back and the note cards had all been moved and cleaned up. And I'm like, who did this? And they told me it was Manuel the housekeeper. So I found Manela and Manela, you can't do this. I'm writing a movie. And she's like, what? And I told her, it's about these guys who go to Vegas and accidentally kill a hooker and then have to chop her up.


And she's like, oh my God, then what happens? And what? And Manela helped me write the script. 'cause I Would bounce it all off of her. That's so good. That's awesome. And I had, I had the script up all throughout the room was on all the walls, So I was like living in it. One day I came back And I went to go in the room and the key didn't work. And I went down and they said, Mr. Bur, we have a problem. We had to move your room. And I had, oh God. And I'm like, holy shit. They took me up to the top floor. I went to turn to where the shitty rooms were. They go, no, you're this way to where the good rooms were. Walked me down into the park suite, And I walk in this beautiful suite and the staff at the Essex house had cleared out the walls and put my script up on the walls.


No way. And they said, Manuela told us what you're doing. We wish you the best of luck. Come on, finish your script on, that's amazing. And that, that moment really changed everything for me. And that's, I never knew that. Gee, Jesus's dude. That's incredible, dude. That's great. That's so fucking incredible. What a, what a great story about humanity, people and belief and all that kind of also, I think, like, to think that Manela, before she knew it was a screenplay, she was nervous because she had all these cards about going to Vegas and killing the hooker. She's like, I got a serial killer here. This guy. Well, Pete, how did you, that's awesome. How did you take your, you know, you're very, you've got a very, your, your taste, your sensibility, your personality is very, you know, seasoned and no bullshit.


And you know, there's no real artifice to you, which I just fucking love. And yet, and you've somehow managed to take that and, and, and mold it into an actual visual aesthetic too. Where did that come from, like the style of your films, the way in which they're shot, the way in which they're cut, the, the actors you hire, the things you ask them to do and not to do. Like where do, well, how is that shaped? I mean, the, the, the things that I think that I do that tend to work the best, like if it's Friday Night Lights, or the Kingdom or Deepwater Horizon or Patriots Day, these are, these are films that I do a tremendous amount of research on. You know, I'm kind of a psycho about that.


I'm, I'm in Tel Aviv right now, and last night we had a missile attack that was pretty amazing and somewhat terrifying. And I've always been someone who likes to see things for myself. And, and that generally translates to, to my writing. And I try to try to have, have as deep of a almost anthropological or almost journalistic understanding of my world. So, you know, I went to Saudi Arabia a long time ago before we did the Kingdom, and, you know, lived there for three weeks and got a, as much of an understanding as I could about of that culture. And once I, I kind of feel like I've done that work And I understand the world.


When I did Lone Survivor, I went to Iraq and embedded with the Navy Seal Platoon for a month on the border of Syria. And, and that helped me make a better film. Jesus. Wow. And that, you know, helps me in theory communicate with, you know, someone, you know, like when we were doing the, the scene in the kingdom where they, you know, were gonna cut your head off. Yeah. You know, I, I've had a, I've tried to have a proximity, certainly never to that kind of level of violence, but to at least understand as best as I can, you know, what these, you know, executions were looking like and, and how they might have gone down. And that I think could help me help you reach an appropriate level of terror and, and a willingness to fight, which you did so well in that, which I found fascinating and I've had so many people talk about that scene and how Jason Bateman this sweet, funny guy went fucking psycho to save himself.


I love that. And I love that. And that really comes from the research. And so then You're looking for a level of authenticity that then just naturally lends itself to, let's say a handheld camera. Yes. Desaturated color, blah, blah, blah. Like, so all of these things, you're, you're, you're engineering it from a very organic place. You're not kind of going backwards into an aesthetic. Correct. You're just going Yeah. And, and you know, when I was acting on Chicago Hole back in those days, I learned so much because we, you know, we were doing 28 episodes a season and we would have 28 different directors coming in. Yeah. And I learned so much. And a lot of these directors were, you know, they tried to have feature careers and they were a bit older and they were angry and they were trying to prove that they were Tarantino or Scorsese and, and they would just spend so much time setting up shots and doing all this stuff.


And we as actors would sit around waiting for all this equipment. And I'm like, what the fuck are we doing here? Like, I wanna act, I wanna, I want to be Feel free to Yeah. To, to, you know, not be beholden to the, you know, and you guys have all seen it, the machinery of filmmaking where Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Cranes and dollies and lighting and hair and makeup and every, it seems like it, it impacts everything other than the actual acting. All Right? Yeah. And so Pete stylists have, yeah, multiple cameras, handheld cameras going at the same time. And when they run out, we shooting on film and they'd run outta film. The AC would just put the camera on the ground, reload, put another magazine of film on top of the camera while the other two are still rolling.


And while we're resetting back to the top of the scene, like No Fucking way takes over and over and over again without, without ever cutting. That's amazing. Amazing. Just reloading the cameras quietly. I remember when, when we were rehearsing Hancock, remember we would have all those crazy rehearsals with Will and Charlize on Sound stage with the Kiva Yeah. Will Smith. Yeah. And and when I first met Charlize, she, she came up to me. 'cause Jason And I had worked together And I knew Will, And I think Will had heard a little bit about my style of work. And, and Charlize said, you know, Pete, I, I understand, I've talked to Jason, I know how you like to do this kind of wild thing and move around lots of cameras, just so you know, I don't work that way.


I, Here we go. I need a certain amount of, you know, of organization and there has to be a system where I can, and I'm like, Charlize, no problem. I got you. We will do it. We'll cut and we'll reset and do it. And I, and I'm like, the first day I was working with Jason and we were just going off and Will was into it. And, and I Would come for Charlize. And then about an hour she came up to me and she said, you know, that that thing you're doing with Jason do that to me. And I want that too. Pete, I was thinking about you the other day. I was down in Fort Worth, Texas, not a bit. And I was truly, And I was doing this thing, I was working with, like, with Taylor Sheridan. He was a great guy.


And So I, I was staying at this hotel and, you know, it's, it was the fall. And, And I hear, I'm in my hotel room and I'm trying to go over my shit that I'm working. And I, I keep hearing this like, like, what the fuck is like, is my phone on it? And I keep looking around the room, the TV's not on. I go out in the thing And I look out And I could just see over the treetops in the distance this stadium. And I fucking look at 'em on my phone and it's a fucking Texas high school football game. Yeah. Oh wow. Oh yeah. And the stadium was packed, And I could hear the fans And I can hear the announcement And I was like, holy shit. The massive, the massive, it was Friday fucking night Lights, man.


Yeah, man. Like, it was incredible. Yeah. Yeah. How'd that, how did that, how did, And so for, for, for the Listener? Yeah. Pete brought us Friday Night Lights, the film, and then shepherded the television series to us as well by doing incredible what the, the, the pilot probably the first couple And, and Eped the whole thing, right? Yes. You're your the writer, your second cousin to the writer, perhaps, is That Yes. Buzz Bessinger's, my second cousin. Was that helpful in, in it finding its way to you, or, or would it, did it happen without that? It, it was, you know, I, I had, I had followed the, the book and read the book and Buzz used to, you know, push me to try and make it.


At the time I actually didn't really have the juice. There were a lot of filmmakers that wanted it, and Brian Razer controlled it. And I Would call Brian and just sort of check in with him. And I knew they were going through a list of, you know, some pretty top tier directors. And, and Brian was always nice and he was pretty honest saying, you know, maybe we'll get, get to you. And, and two directors, one fell out and one Brian got annoyed with and fired. And he called me and he said, okay, dude, it's yours. And that was an incredible experience. And you know, when I, when I was doing Friday Night Lights, I went And I was, I think I was 41 at the time, flew down to Texas and moved into a high school, this school, Austin Westlake.


And I stayed with a, a football player's family, let me live in his house. And I lived on a futon in Ani who was a wide receiver for us, who was like an 18-year-old who was probably say either 17 or 18 at the time. I, And I went to high school with him every day. And I went to football practice and lived with this team. And it was really an amazing experience. That's really cool. And, And that's why it feels so real and authentic and just, just the way in which you just sh shot the, the, the, the, the sport as well. What, what was your, did you play a lot of football growing up? I played high school football, but I tried to, I wanted to be a quarterback. My ego was like, yeah, I'm gonna be a quarterback. And I was horrible.


So for three years I tried to, to play quarterback very unsuccessfully. And my senior year in high school, my coach moved me to a defensive end. And, And I really realized I should have done that all along. 'cause I liked hitting people And I didn't have the pressure. I, I, I Would get too anxious and couldn't remember the plays and just had some horrible disasters as quarterback. Yeah. But when I finally moved to defense, you know, I, I developed a real love for the game. But you know, the, the book is about so much more than football. And I think that's why the show is worked so well. It's really just, you know, you're, you're a huge sports fan, Jason.


I I I know how much baseball means to you, right? Yeah. I remember when I was a kid, I, I played football when I was really young, And I remember my mom telling me to go to this guy's house to get fitted for the equipment uhoh. And So I did. And he gave me the mouth guard to fit my mouth. Oh boy. Yeah. And the only good thing from the whole experience was that it tasted like mint. It was like minty flavored and it's like, oh, maybe I could do this 'cause it tastes so good. That was just the extent of my happiness. Huh? Go Ahead, Will I? Well, I just, I don't know where to start, honestly. That's so funny. I mean, it's so true. It's true. I was like, oh, maybe there's a silver lining here because it takes Well, part of it's funny, part of it's funny.


And then part of it's just a nothing story. It is a nothing Story and disturbing and, And, you know. Yeah. Hey, Pete, I'm sure that all your films have, and you mentioned a few of them, like, have you have a place in your heart or in your, in your life where you look back and they represented a thing, or, And I'm sure you learned a lot from them. Was there, was there one of your films that, that really, for you, transported you and kind of not, not like, Hey, I figured it out, but more like, and, and again, not even necessarily your favorite, but something you just, like, you learned a lot from Right. That, that was like a turning point film for you.


I, I mean, there was, there was a moment when I was, you know, I sometimes I answer that question and, And I, I mean it by saying, I you, you never set out to make a shitty movie. No filmmaker does. Right. And we all understand how hard it is to make a, a good film. And so sometimes they're good and sometimes they absolutely suck, but so Hard to just make a movie that doesn't suck. Not a good one. Right. Just one that doesn't suck. Right. It's so hard. Exactly. I don't think people appreciate that, Actually, to be honest. You know, and people don't magic trick. It's, it's not their responsibility to appreciate that's on us. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, I've had people just say, God, your movie, that movie sucked. And I'm like, okay, fair enough. And I mean, thanks man, people tell you that appreciate that.


Didn't, didn't, that wasn't my goal. I sure you saw, that's Usually in the Boston area, by the way, that you get that. Fuck you dude. That fucking sucked. Huh? For real, for real. Yeah. Yeah. And, and they don't, but yeah, Boston's very direct. But you, you know, you do, I do love everything I've done, And I find, you know, that these are things that I try as hard as I can and hopefully the result is good. So I do, I do have connections to every film I've done. There was a moment when I was making Friday Night Lights, the movie where we were gonna film a scene. There's a coin toss scene that's a big dramatic scene where all these schools have to decide who's gonna be in the playoffs. And we had been, bud, we scheduled for three nights to film this scene.


It was a big scene, you know, a hundred extras, Billy Bob Thornton, all the principals were there. And it was a complicated scene. And, and this was when I was starting to find a style with multiple cameras and what Jason was talking about, just keep moving and don't cut and shoot and do all. So we had three nights scheduled to shoot it, and we got up there and rehearse it for a couple hours. And I had the cameras going and we shot it and about two hours and we cut. And, And I'm like, looking at Eric Heffron, who was my first ad and you've worked with him, Jason, and Yeah, he's looking at me and I'm like, what, what do we have this scene? And he's like, I think we do. And we, we, this was two hours.


We had three nights to shoot this scene. And we're standing there and the DP comes over, he's like, what? What just happened? I go, I'm not sure. I think, and the script supervisor was all confused because he couldn't make sense of any of it. Yeah. And I go, I think we've got it. And then the producer came over, he's like, you can't do this. I'm gonna get in so much trouble. 'cause we, but, and, and, And I realized then that I, I was able to work in, in a way that I didn't realize was possible. And the actors loved it, and it came out great And I loved it. And the studio saved a shitload of money. And that, that became for me, kind of a, a a a personal sort of realization that there are not as many rules as we think there should be.


Interesting. You know, I think, I think the success of your guys podcast is another example of that. You know, like, really like this, that's what happens. You just go forward. Yeah. You just did it and you followed no rules and you followed your hearts and you have this incredible relationship with each other and people responded to it. And, and I think that those are the kinds of signals or signs that I look for as I kind of chugged through my life. Yeah. You know what else is great about, about that, that that particular specific style too is that it's super reliant on the team. You know, those camera operators and, and, and focus pullers. They're, you can't get to them in between action and cut.


And they've gotta be making decisions in the moment, watching and listening to the scene, making composition work, et et cetera, et cetera, tagging certain things that they, that they didn't get in the last take. And, and it's all that sort of teamwork that maybe is an exciting comparison for you to sports and, and to what, what you appreciate with, you know, your fellow linemen as opposed to perhaps the quarterback route you could have taken where it's just like, oh, I'm the star and who cares? Who's blocking for me? I just need to, you know, you, you got more in the trenches and you potentially became more of a crew guy than a cast guy that you may have stayed had you gone the quarterback route or maybe just stayed, you know, as an actor.


I don't know. I'm just, I'm such a big, I just love Voice. Well, I think also everybody's probably really present, right? Yeah. For like, everybody's in it. As you say, Jason, everybody's listening. Everybody's in it. There's no cha chance to fuck off and get on your phone or whatever. You gotta be, It, it becomes kind of like a, a a bit like theater or a, a live experience. So I've had a lot of actors say like, they, they've gone into some sort of creative blackout while we're doing it, and they don't. That s great, remember exactly what happened and they were able, and I've experienced that. I used to do theater And I loved it. And I'm sure you guys have felt that before where, you know, it's just, John Wanted Tony last year. I know you did, Sean, congratulations. Yeah. Did you ever Goodbye Oscar?


Goodbye. Oscar. Oscar. Did you ever find that, that that's actually a good night. Sorry. You must have gotten into that flow state on stage where you're just in it and, and you don't necessarily remember it and you're not thinking That's so true. From the second you start pacing backstage waiting for your entrance. Yeah. Right. You're, you're somewhere else a little bit. And then the second you step on, you're like, oh, there's just a couple shows here and there where you're, where you have your mark markers where as you're talking in like a monologue or something, you go from this point on, I have about 25 more minutes, then I get to go home and eat pizza. Yeah. And so, you know, you start having those, those markers, you know, but Most of the time you're in it. Yeah. Most of 'em, you ha you don't have a choice but to be in it. Right. Yeah.


We'll be right back And back to the show Now, Pete, I wanna talk to you about pro, potentially one of the most challenging periods in your career going through the work experience with Justin Thoreau on Leftovers. Yeah. How did you manage to Yeah. To just keep your head up, go forward and say they're not all gonna be like this. I did see that he managed to work in a shirt. Like he went tarps off in a running scene in the pilot, which probably was his call, Dude. Well, And I and fucking Thoreau stole your sleeveless look, you know? Yeah. Pete's got a great war cry, basically physical war, war cry. He'll take, he'll grab, he'll grab his short sleeves, he'll pull 'em up over the top of his shoulder cap and turn his t-shirts into, you know, shirt every Day.


I Like that. Where you I like that. Where Justin just cuts off the sleeves, but, but Pete's actually got a move there that creates the sleeveless look and it gets, gets everyone fired up. You know, when, when we were getting ready to cast leftovers, Damon Lindelof, who was a genius, you know, was telling me, you know, I I was directing the pilot and, and he wanted, you know, me to do kind of what I wanted to do. And he, he certainly wasn't giving me mandates, but he really was encouraging me to meet with Justin Thoreau. And I, I met with him And I, I couldn't figure him out. I'd never seen anything like it. Yeah. You thought it was a bit, you thought Damon was having a a, a, a laugh. He Can't figure himself out. So, I mean, Keep going. And, you know, the tattoos, and I've never seen someone with less body fat.


There's just no one. Yeah. He's so ripped And so intense. And I was like, I, I, I didn't get it. And then I met and, and Damon's like, he wants to meet you again. And we met again And I, I still didn't totally get it, But I, he covered his sleeves, he wore a shirt. Sure. So I didn't have the tattoos. And then we met a third time, And I guess I, I was, I, he wore me down a little bit. Yeah. And he was so determined to play this role. And I have to say, once he showed up on set, that guy is legit. He, he, he did such a great job. He covered the tattoos, he got his hair cut looking like, 'cause I didn't buy him as a Midwestern cop, you know, I, I was having trouble seeing that, and he really transformed himself.


And That show is so fucking good. No, he looks like a West Village. Like, he's just kind of like a downtown New York dandy that guy. So like, he doesn't, you know what I mean? Like, you can't even That's dandy. No, he doesn't, you can't, you can't even see him above 23rd street. So forget. Yeah. He's a downtown guy for sure. But yeah, he's, he's a real actor and you know, he is, He's really a and that show he such A good writer. Pete, Pete, that show is so good. You and Damon. And then, and then what Mimi leader did afterwards, Mimi Did a Great job keeping that thing going. Like it just fucking beautiful, you know, max Richter's music, I mean, it just max and you make you, but you made all those decisions, setting that show up with the way it looked, the way it sounded, who's in it, where we're shooting it, what the crew is, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.


And, And so thank you for that among all the other things you set up. It just, I just love your taste. No, I Appreciate it. I was thinking about what you were saying, I'm kind of going back a little bit, but, you know, I, I've had this same frustration about, And I love hearing about your style, Pete, because there is nothing, I think it's even the, the hardest thing to do is to make a funny film because there's generally no flow on, on set. And you're, you're turning around and you're doing it, doing all this kinda shit. And there's nothing less fun than trying to make a comedy film. They're really fucking tough to do. And because the system is set up, it's set against you. Yeah. And that's why often really funny films that break out are films that are small, films that come out of nowhere because they don't have the budget to fuck around and to have a big company move and all this shit.


It's just young people who are like just grabbing cameras, throwing cameras on their shoulders and, and getting it two or three, you know, two cameras, handheld blah, blah, blah. And that immediacy is what you need in comedy, and it just doesn't exist in a, in a, in a bigger format. Would you Agree with that? I saw, I saw Sean Baker's film, his new film in Nora. Have you guys Seen It is incredible. No, I haven't. That that's the hardest. I've laughed in a movie in, in quite a while. That's great. And Will do. Did you see it, Sean? Yeah, I saw it. Yeah. What's the film? An Nora Oh Yeah, we were just talking about it. I haven't seen it yet. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You gotta check that out. It's fantastic. When that dude is in the courtroom and, and he's, the judge throws him out and he tries, starts objecting like he's part of the legal defense team.


I, I just haven't laughed that hard. And, and to your point, will, it's just, you know, I'm a big fan of Sean Baker and, and he's great. It's just loose wild. You, you don't know what, who, who these people are that are in the cast. Yeah. And I remember seeing, I remember seeing Rushmore in the theater when it first came out. Yeah. And feeling like, fuck yeah, this is fucking great. Right. Because there wasn't, there's no winking, there's no, well, there's no, yeah, there was no precon, there's no pretense. It was just, they came out, obviously they had Bill Murray, but you got the sense that these guys were young and they didn't know what they were doing, and they were gonna try shit. And, and they weren't part of the system yet. Now, Pete, where you, you being an actor, how does your, do you have more patience or less patience with actors as a director?


You know, I, I, I've, I recognize, So I, I think I have less patience at times And I value, I've, I've so much more respect for actors who really come to bring it, who Right. Who are really there to work and who are smart. And were thinking, I just worked with Betty Gilpen. I don't know if you guys have met Betty Gilpen. She's in something I just did American Primeval. And she's just a wonderful, wonderful Actress, which by the way, AMA, Amanda saw my wife over the, the, over the past couple of weeks. I don't know. She sneaks off and she watches shit while, while I'm busy, you know, doing dumb shit. She says, it's so incredible, Pete.


Mm. You guys, this, this Tell what, what's it called again? Amer American crime. It's called, it's called American Primeval. And it's very violent, very violent show. She says, I'm in. And you know, you and you guys both know Amanda very well, and Pete, you know her bit. Yes, I do. She does not give it up. She will not shut up about this. Appreciate That, Amanda. This is fantastic. She says, But, so, so, but to your, to your question, I, I, I recognize if I've made a mistake in casting, and sometimes you do, and usually it's, it's smaller roles, but sometimes it's not. Who, who I'm not gonna say I'm not, I won't mention them. I know. But you, you, I, I can't get, I get frustrated with myself for allowing myself to put someone in a situation that they're just not right for.


And I, And I, I've had moments where I want to get angry with actors and just say, you know, give line readings or just yell at them Or be better. Yeah. Just, just do it fucking better. Do something. But that, that unfortunately is not an effective strategy at all. Right. So, So I, you know, I've learned enough to know that, you know, generally in editing you can fix things. And oftentimes I've, I've worked with, I've directed actors who I thought were really kind of shitting the bed. And later in editing I've found that they weren't. But in, in general, I find that, you know, getting, as I've gotten older, like when I did my first movie, very bad things.


I was so insecure and confused And I had Cameron Diaz and, you know, Christian Slater at the height of his career. And I, yeah, I was making a movie. If, if you walked up to me and said, good morning. Yeah. I Would respond with Go fuck yourself. Yeah. What the fuck does that mean? So much stress. What does that mean? Have You seen, have you seen it lately? I just saw the first thing I've directed and it did not hold up. I mean, I used to think it was so great. What was it? You seen yours? It was called Bad Words. Bad Words. And there were parts of it. I was like watching it with my kid the other day. I'm like, what the fuck was I thinking there? Anyway, yeah, there was a lot that I liked, but still, have you seen very bad things lately? Does it hold up? Not, Not lately, but I've watched it and you know, it's, like I said earlier, I, I, that's who I, I I, I am not happy about how unhappy I was making that film.


Right. I was just a seething ball of confusion and rage every day. Right. And thank Cameron Diaz for being so sweet. She would pull me into her trailer and she would, she would watch Uncle Buck in between takes and just, I'd walk by her trailer, I'd hear this laughter, and it would be Cameron Diaz watching Uncle Buck. And she'd be like, peach, just come and watch Uncle Buck for a little bit and calm down. And I Would just sit there trembling, watching Uncle Buck and Cameron's laughter. She's the best. Calm me down. She was such angel to me. That's great. That's so fucking, by the way, one of the great line readings of all time, uncle Buck is John Candy when he is talking to the principal and she's got the wart on her nose and he interrupts himself like eight times.


'cause he keeps saying war. War. He knows war. He knows no wart on the now what And one of the great line winnings of all time. Pete, before we let you go, tell us, tell us what, what, what drew you to, to American Prime Evil? This, this is, this is a show. Can't wait to See it. Yeah, I Know. This is a show that is coming out January 9th, I wanna say Yes. Does that sound right? Yes, sir. Yes. January 9th on Netflix. Yes. January 9th on Netflix. What, what about it drew you to it? Or what part, what part of it now that you're done with it, do you like the most? Yeah, So I wanted, I, I'd always wanted to explore the western world, And I say the Western world.


Yeah. Because it's not a traditional western. There's a movie called Jeremiah Johnson that Robert Redford did a long time ago where he played a mountain man, or he played a city man who came to the mountains to try and find gold. And he became a mountain man and he developed a relationship with the Native Americans out there. And it was just a really formative movie for me as a kid. My parents took me And I always wanted to do something like that. And Mark L. Smith, who's a friend of mine who wrote The Revenant And I were talking, I love that. And I'm like, what if we did something in this world? And we started and, and my goal was I wanted to go out into the elements. I didn't wanna shoot in sound stages.


I wanted to challenge. So we ended up with this six part series that's about a very violent period in American history in 1857, where the Mormons were just starting to have an army. And Brigham Young was very violent and they were trying to hold out in, in Utah, the army was coming after them, multiple Native American tribes were fighting. And I thought this would be a really interesting environment to set a story. It was a very, very violent time in a, in, in a, in a very violent history, which is American history in a very violent global history, which is planet Earth. And we wanted to explore man's innate desire and inability to not kill each other.


And we thought that that was, was, you know, just something that, and living in this world today, where obviously violence is on the rise and will, it might not all be sugar that got you anxious. Like these are, these are rough times, you know, and this is something we wanted to explore. And I think one of the biggest takeaways for me, and this isn't necessarily the sexiest takeaway, but learning about Brigham Young and the history of the Mormon Church and how persecuted they were. And they were run out of New York and then they were run out of Georgia and they, Joseph Smith, the leader, took them up to Illinois to try and create this nvu, this place where they could live. And Joseph Smith was killed and Brigham Young fled across the country on foot with 2000 of his followers and ended up in what was a god-forsaken land salt Lake city at the time.


And he said, well, we'll stay here. This is the place, no one will ever come for us here. And he started growing the religion and the US military started coming for him. And the Mormons were, were very cunning and at times violent organization. And one of the things I'm very happy with is actor Kim Coates, who plays Brigham Young. He was in Sons of Anarchy and thought I was joking when I cast him as Brigham Young, just a great actor. And learning about that aspect of it was something that for me, was just really personally quite interesting and getting to know the great Betty Gilpen, who does such a good job in our show. Yeah, that's what Amanda said.


And Taylor Kitch, you're And Taylor who love with all my heart Collaborator. Yeah, yeah, man. Yeah. He's a great actor. Yeah. Like to see him. Well, I'm fucking thrilled for you. I'm just excited we get more Pete Berg stuff. Hopefully you're there in Tel Aviv re researching something that's gonna be awesome to see one day. No, I won't, I won't even ask you about it. I know, I've been thinking the whole time. I'm like, what is he Doing? I know exactly. I know, I know. But I miss you buddy. Hurry back. Let's all hang out. I, let's, let's, let's, let's go Watch Will's kid. Go box over at your gym. Bring Him in anytime. Or Sean, if you feel like hitting something, come on. Inve. Got some people, guys, Are you kidding?


Right after this? He's, he's gonna hit the fridge. Yeah. Listen, Just gotta finish off foot Long cheat. Cheat day. Cheat day. Every Day. Cheat Day. Yeah. Thanks Pete. Nice to Meet you Pete. Pete, love you. Great to see you. See you soon man. Hope pal. Thanks for doing this. Alright. Congratulations on everything fellas. Keep up the good work. You're making people really happy and we need that. No, Thank you. Thank you pal. Thank you pal. Thank you. Bye. Thanks. bye-Bye. Bye. I'm excited. That was great, Jay. I'm, I'm excited for his show. American Premier. It's Wild. When he came out, I never met him. I, I think He's like, he's just one of the best, the guy such a great filmmaker. Yeah, no, he's a really, really good filmmaker. And, and you know, he, and he's and he doesn't throw that in the public's face or, or, or the industry's face.


No. Like he's Got his own, he's low profile. You're right. Yeah. Low, low profile. And he's, he, he's not, he's not. He's just making stuff. Yeah, exactly. And every once in a while stuff will show up and you'll go, oh fuck man, is this fantastic? Yeah. Nothing ever sucks about what he does. And Jason, you were fantastic in the kingdom. Nah, so good. Jason, You were Always that. So good. You were So, I remember loving that movie. I loved that movie was fucking great. Yeah. It was scary. It was like one of those rare ones that was like all, It was so great. I'm telling you that line reading, I went, I saw it in the theater with with Kra. With Krasinski and you Yeah, we did. We saw it in New York and we and you delivered that line and we were fucking Are you late? Are you late? No, down. It's so fucking good.


I can't wait that It's called American Primeval. American Primeval, correct. Yeah. Yeah. Sometime in January. Go on the, the Netflix. Yeah. You know, And Or the reflux. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sean, I don't see you looking off to your Pi. I know. Is a fun day, Dude, I wasn in prepared. I wasn't prepared. You're not prepared. I'm nervous. That's why I'm nervous. So we're gonna stall a little bit while you pull, like, look now I see I'm looking around all the different windows trying to I know. Where's the folded? Did I have them possible buys? Why did I have Possible buys? Possible buys? Go ahead. I got plenty of em. Let's see.


So, You know, you know, you know what, Scotty? Where's these, where is it? Where's the thing with No, that, that whole thing with Gary Sling. Yeah. The whole boxing thing with, Oh yeah, sure. That was really funny. That was a story that I was really blown away. Fine. Bye. Bye. Bye. Huh? Okay. The problem with that is, is that it's so close, it's so on the nose that, to be honest, for me, sure. I just, I just don't buy it. Yeah. That will work. That will work. You know what I mean? So like, you ones make a full Yeah, yeah. Smart. Less Smart less.


SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.