
Hey guys. It's back to school time and deets and Watsons got your back and your backpack. Count on them for all the protein packed meats and cheeses to make those sandwich masterpieces all made the right way with no fillers or funny stuff. From bold to sweet to smoky and savory. There's a taste for everyone. And once the sandwiches are set, get snacked to school with all kinds of tasty on-The-Go snacks that'll surely fuel the fun. Visit deon watson.com/snack to school for all the premium meats, cheeses, snacks, recipes, and more. Deon Watson, it's a family thing. Since 1939,


Sonic Cut through the mundane and make life exciting with Sonic's Delicious burgers, fries, and ice cream. Sonic. And now try the new Sonic Smasher. Sonic Smasher. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edges and juicy in the middle. Sonic Smasher. The Sonic Smasher is then layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Soft Buns. It's melty and juicy, yet crispy, making it the perfect burger bite. Melty and juicy. Try the Sonic Smasher now. Live Free. Eat. Sonic. Sonic.


So welcome to s everybody. I hope you have a full charge on your iPod. Do people still use iPods? No, I don't think so. I think they just use, Is that what they listen to us on Their phones. They're Just, okay. Boomer, What is is Boomer? What ages are boomers? 1946 to 64. I just looked it up today. Truly. Truly. Wow. What's a zr? Us? That's us. No, we're Gen X, man. Oh, we're X. Sorry. What are the ages of X? Gen X is like 19. Well, Sorry, we keeping you up. You know, we're rolling, bro. 1960. Are we rolling right now? Yeah. We're cold opening the shit out of this right now.


Is this An all new SmartLess? All Right. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, smart, smart. Less. Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, yes. Well Will Today's Will's guest. It Is. Yeah, It is. How you, how are you feeling about your guest today? Will, I'm feeling very good about my guest. Yeah. Well, because I mean, I don't want to get into it too quickly, but it, because it's somebody that we all know.


So You'd think I would have a preference as to, you know, either your guests or Sean's guests by now, who ends up hosting better guests. Do you guys have a preference on like, I think it's pretty random, right? Like who We, a lot of times we bring people on that, that we all know. Yeah. And then sometimes it's, it's, a lot of times it's people. None, none of us know. And sometimes we, and sometimes It's in the middle, And sometimes it's right in the middle. And sometimes Fascinating. Sorry. But like, and sometimes we reach out to guests and then sometimes guests reach out to us and it's just, yes. It's just, it's just, it's a great blend, you guys. I, well, I should.


Wonderful. I gotta listen to This show show's. Wonder people point it out. This Show seems great. Jason, it was good to see you last night. We all had dinner last night. And I. We haven't seen you in so long. Yeah, I know. It was so nice to see you. And the dinner was super fun and everybody was funny. All Gi all night. Yeah, I know. I laughed real hard last night. And then I told you I meant, You know, I'm real sweet on that T de Taro. She's great. She's So funny. I just Love her. Hysterical. Yeah, hysterical. I told Will this a couple weeks ago, Jason, I finally saw The Godfather. Oh boy. Yeah. Sean says to me the other day, And That was really good. He goes, Hey, was it good Sean, Scotty, you know what? We, we watched, we watched The Godfather the other night.


It's really good. Huh? And I said, oh, did you think everybody was lying? And then I just watched that part two, like two days ago, three days ago. No, they say that part two is better than the first. I don't remember having a feeling of either way. Yeah. I, I I think they're different. They're, they're, they're both excellent. Part two. The, the Godfather Twos excellent as well. Yeah. I, I kind of had a pause every 10 minutes and be like, Scottie, who's that? Who's that? Who's that? There's so, so many characters. Ah, You're one of those. Yeah. Remind me never to watch a movie with you. Okay. Never watch a Movie. Hey. And then number three gets a bad rap. But I don't remember like watching number three and going, this is terrible. I I don't, I think he got a bad rap at the time. And then now people have, as they look back, they go like, they've had a Different Yeah.


I just found, I, Scotty just said Coppola went back in and recut it recently, like in the last five years or so. Oh really? Oh really? Yeah. I open back up. I dunno if that's true. Yeah. Three and a half. Yeah. Anyway, check it out if you haven't seen it. Hey. Yeah. If you haven't seen any of the Godfather films, welcome To SmartLess Hot Takes on new films. It's like the time Jason came up to me and said, Hey, you know what I want, you know, it's really Blues Brothers is a really good movie. Yeah. And I. Remember that? The 1980 film? I know. Oh, there. So I just, That was a band was humming, like the Flash Chance song the other day. And I Go, you know, never seen it. She goes, oh, you're such a loser. I really am. There's so many.


Remember last night we were talking about at Close Range, which is a good movie. Yeah. I wanna go Back one second. I haven't seen it. I Haven't seen it. Neil, I need to see it. Who's in that? Sean Penn and Chris Walken. Oh yeah. I want to see that. Yeah. Let's see. I never saw Flash Dance. You Didn't? No, No. That surprises me. What about Ghost? I love Ghost Sean. I'm surprised you haven't seen Flash Dances. I know. Me too. 'cause I dance Because You like dancing And you're flashy. Flashy. Alright. This is not for the fucking Regis Kathy Lee Chatter. Let's get to the guest. We're talking about this the fun part, and so is the guest part. But this is fun too. I Know, but I, I always feel bad for the guests. They gotta sit there and listen to the patter. Alright, fine. Well, Everybody's got busy lives too.


They're probably, you know, sending emails and texts and stuff. And You think your guest is is, is sending emails and stuff. Well, I know that our also put it this way. Okay. This is a great segue. Our guest is a very, very busy person, Huh? Yeah. Because in addition, that's incredible so far be a very sought after actress. Oh. She's also a very sought after writer and producer. Oh, Really? Yeah. She has written and produced Emmy nominated stuff. She's produced and written big, huge animated films. Like, I don't know, toy Story four Sean.


You know, she's, she's a acted in and and she's written a new series that she's got coming out. Her new series is called, I think it's called Sonny. Yeah. Oh, That's the worst fucking intro I've ever heard. No. 'cause I'm A little, a little time to write something down when you know. No, Because I'm trying to disguise who it is. You wrote it. You're doing a great job. 'cause as soon as soon as I say what, what, what you know her from, you're gonna know who it is. Let's have it. 'cause you know her really well, because you know her also very well from things like the Office and Parks and Rec and Boston Public. It Freezing gave No Rashida Rash. Rash. Rashida, did you know you were coming on when I saw you last week, two weeks Ago?


I did. Oh, you did? And I. I don't listen to your show, so I didn't know it was a surprise. I'm really glad I didn't say anything. Okay. Wow. It's happened so many times. I don't even know why we continue the whole structure charade. Yeah. Look at your, it's The only thing that Works. Pink headphones. I know listener. She's got some real headphones on. You're my d my dad's JBL. Really? Q Quin. He rocks a pink headphone. Quin. No, this is, it's like his design. Oh, his line. It's his line. Oh, really? What's it called? Yeah. It's JBL. But it's like his, it's like the q We're happy To do some personal experience if you wanna send some of those our way, you know? Yeah. You Got it. By the way, from my, from my sister. Yeah. go Ahead. Sean. For my sister Tracy.


Your dad is Quincy Jones. Please continue. Okay. Okay. Please continue. Yes, Tracy, that's a, that's a, that's also a, if you're not a listener of the I heard about that. That I heard About that we referenced Tracy, because Sort of a catchall for those less informed. But there's no shot at Tracy herself. No, no. She's a very just bright, sharp Wisconsin. She's representing the people, right? Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Booth. She's happy to do it. Yeah. Rashida, welcome to SmartLess. Where are we finding you in this great booth of yours. Thank you. I'm in my husband's like studio. That's tough. Question mark. Whoa. What does husband do? Come on. Why does his husband have a studio? Studio musician. A studio. Yeah. He, he has, he has a radio show, not a podcast, a radio show.


Oh. But also a musician. You Wait, wait. Jason, do you not, do you honestly not know who her husband is? I, I, I don't. I I am. I, you know how old I old I am. I, I I barely know what day it is. I, I'm, I embarrassed myself hourly. You're kidding. On my kid's life. I have no idea who her husband is. Her husband, Ezra is singers songwriter, extraordinaire. Have you ever heard of a band called Vampire Weekend? Oh, No Way. I think so. I didn know. I didn't know that either. Both Met him. Oh, that's Right. didn Didn't. But, but he didn't, he didn't, didn't Announce his, Didn't his job. He didn't give you his bio. No. Right. He didn't lead with that. Well, It's like when people come up to you and they go, oh, you're an actor.


What are you in And? I know. Do you want Me to start listening? Well, by the way, I still, to this day, I assume nobody knows who I am. Nobody knows what I'm, people look at me funny. And. I'm like, yeah, I know. I looked like that guy you went to school with. Yeah. Right. At this point. Really? Come on. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. Well, you know why? Because I spent so many years, assuming everybody knew who I was. And I had a very uncomfortable adjustment. You was peak early. And I was like, I will never, I never make that mistake again. Yeah. Now Everybody knows you're, you're Justin Bateman. They know. See, that's exactly right. I get that once today. Humble. Justin. Justin Bateman a big fan. Not that big. Not that big. Yeah. That's tough. Rashida, you guys, It's so good to see you rash.


Tell me what you're doing like today and what's going on. And, I. You know how much I love you. I love you. I love you. What. am I doing today? This I'm doing this. Yeah. I am. I don't What am I doing today. I'm like prepping for the summer. Oh. How does one prep for the summer? Cleaning the pool or Just A lot of reps? A lot of vegetables and Rep. Oh yeah. Crunch. Just like packing. Can booth a tanning booth. Of course. Where you going? Just a lot of, well, I'm doing some press for the show. Oh, yeah. That will mention Sonny. I didn't write it. I'm in it. I'm in it. But I didn And I produced it. Oh, I thought you wrote it. But you produced it. Yeah. And you produced it, which is a really cool, the premise is your character moved to Japan, lives in Japan, and her husband dies Missing, but they're on a plane crash.


Missing. They're missing. Missing. Yeah. And they, the company sends his company, sends you a new personal robot. Yes. Called in The future. In the Future. Yeah. It's in the future. I had three callbacks for that robot. Did You? Yeah. They said, you know what they said, you know what the note was Too robotic. Too Robotic is the way I I tee it up for you, Willie. I know. Wait, hang on. Now, Rashida, you wrote yourself something that you, that puts you in Japan a little bit. It's, I didn't write it. You guys. Let's bring I didn ready. She produced it. I produced it. But yes, I put myself in Japan. Yes. I lived In Japan. Great. Was that It was really great. I know. I've Never been. It was really great.


Great. Have you been before? Japan Is The best. Had been. It's the best. I had been there like three or four times for a couple weeks, but I was there for six months. Wow. Wow, wow. Well, now Kyoto to Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto, and Tokyo. We filmed in both. Yeah. Wow. That's cool. So do you have it? Do you have, 'cause I hear if you go over there, you gotta have it wired. Like it, it's, it's a, it's a place you need to like, like have a chaperone or like, very good notes or tips or you can get lost there. Yeah. You, you can. But even getting lost is fun there. It doesn't really matter. There's no bad version of it. But yes, I was like, dialed in because I had like the most amazing pa and like people who really knew the cities.


And so like, I just went to the best coolest restaurants, gardens, Temples, Love Gardens on. Oh yeah. So Rashida, you know, I loved Silo so much. I told you when I saw you And, I was like, Oh. my God rash is in this show that I heard so much about that I love so much. And then you died in the first fucking episode. That's, yeah. Spoiler alert. That's how I do it. That's how I do it. I was like, wait, what? Did that bum you out? 'cause that's every I No, that's why I took the job. Do you mean Okay. Okay, okay. Because it, you Know's, it's fun to, it's fun to make people like you and then die. You know, if you guys haven't seen Silo, it's so good.


It's like James Dean. Damn, dude. Wow. Don't wait. It's not even 11. Guess how old he was? Hang on a Second. Guess by the way, When he died, by the way, What? Oh, not too soon, by the way. There's no fucking way. That's too soon. Will guess how old he was when he died? 23. Yeah. Was he? Yeah. That's So Crazy. Isn't that amazing that he was never older than 23? Like, I, I looked at him, I always tell you, he was like, you know, like, yeah, that's a man. You know, I just watched The Giant with him and Rock Hudson and Liz Taylor. Just Giant. Just giant. Just giant, giant, Giant. More hot. Takes It's giant Tracy. It's just giant. Yeah. Okay. How was That? was That, was that how money fucking part of the, Hey, you know, it's a great movie. Gone With the Wind.


You guys seen that? It's pretty good. And nothing's really gone. Nothing leaves, it's got legs, nothing. I mean, there's a fire, but you know, it's got Legs Fire. Yeah, I know. It was really long, but it was good. I didn't know it was based on Dallas was based on it. The show Dallas was based on Giant. Oh yeah. Anyway, let's continue. Yeah. James Dean. I think there's one of his last movies. Or his last movie. Wait a second. Hang on a second. This is Like this. Yeah. Rashida is here, by the way. Red it. You're like a fucking, and you're like, what am I doing? Why am I Clicking? But is that a known fact or is that a weird Reddit thing that, that Dallas was based on? No, The guy's name is Jr. I mean, his initials are JR. And Giant. He's an oil king and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


Yeah. You're sure 100% positive. Oh, that's okay. And then what Knots Landing was based on, I'd love it if Scotty just slid in on a rolling stool. Well, That was based on Just for what it's worth, A place in the Sun with Montgomery Clip is an amazing movie. Alright, sorry. I just thought We were random. Rashida, let's get to the guest will questions for your guest. Yeah. Yeah. Would you back off? Come on. Let's, attitude is so shit. Go eat something for fuck's sake. And then come back at me. Had too much open. Now listen's the problem. Jason pulled shirt. Sorry. Rash. Jason pulled up a shirt last night. And I. Saw his abs. Crazy. Ab Really Oh my God. It's a leaky three pack. my God the summer Apps. But not by choice.


Just from diet? No. Yeah. Well, I'm playing diet And. I. Just no sugar. There's no sugar dairy, there's no, No food. There's no dinner, there's No food. Yeah, there's no Dinner, there's no sugar, no dinner. That's the key. Intermittent fasting. That's what you do. It's, it's unintentional, but it's, it's, you know, intermittent eating. Yeah. That's it. Wow. Are you hungry? All the time. It's, are you hungry and grumpy all the time? No, you get a, you get, you get past it. You just got, you know what the, you gotta race to bed. You gonna say discipline, get to sleep, You gotta get to bed, You gotta get to sleep. He thinks it's discipline. Oh, it is definitely discipline. It's mental illness, bro. At this point. People have different words for different things, you know. So, wait, so Rashida, I want to talk to you a little bit about, so your, your experience, everybody knows you from the office and from Parks and Rec and then, and, but everybody knew you as this actress and you were kind of working in comedy and tv.


And then you started, you And I wanna say that you And I, don't know how long you knew Will McCormick for, but you guys teamed up, you started writing and you just started writing all your own stuff. Like you kind of so cool. Made this shift at a certain point. Was that like a conscious decision? You're like, I've always had all these ideas. And, I'm sick of doing other people's stuff. I just wanted do my own shit. Yeah. I, I always wanted to be a writer, but I didn't feel like I was good enough or anointed to be that kind of person. I think probably could like, went to school with a lot of people who ended up writing Harvard television. Harvard. Harvard. Harvard. Did you really? Go? And they were all like in the Lampoon and they were like funny and, and the, the guys who were going to get the jobs and stuff.


So I never felt like that. So I didn't feel worthy. Right. Like pursuing that. And then a strike happened. Did you know Cher? Did you know Mike Cher at Harvard or Yeah. You did? Mike Scher is the one who created Parks and Rec. We met freshman year. Wow. We did a play together freshman year called Love Sex in the IRS Love Sex in the Office. Wait, was was It Opens with us making out? Was he, was he acting? Yeah. How was he? Yeah. Funny. I bet he's great. Yeah, He was funny. He was great. Yeah, I bet he is really good. Yeah. Mike s sure. Yeah. For Tracy, Mike s Sure. Started SNL and he was head writer of Weekend Update. And then he went to the office and then he went with Greg Daniels and they, they created Parks and Rec, and then he went on to do Brooklyn Nine nine and The Good Place, the tons of other stuff.


Yeah. A t writer. Brilliant. And you guys have a long relationship. I feel like I Yes. I kind of know Sure. Through SL but also kind of through you because you guys were friends. Yeah. Since we were 18. Yeah. Wow. That's amazing. That's so cool. We wrote a paper together in college, by the way, how stupid is that? We've convinced our teacher that we should write a paper together for the, what was the paper? The class, the Warren Court. What is that about The Warren Commission? About the, about the Supreme Court Justice Warren Ahuh. Wow. I'd love to, I'd love to read your paper. It sounds hilarious. It sounds really funny. So bad you guys.


And we will be right back.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need no matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Around this time, people start to focus on how to make the coming school year successful. Whole Foods market makes it easy to find the quality and flavors that make life more delicious. From quick and easy breakfasts to lunchbox heroes to satisfying meals at the end of a long day for all. Here's what separates Whole Foods market from the pack. Whole Foods Market bans over 300 ingredients from all food they sell. That means high fructose corn syrup out, hydrated fats out. They're all expelled forever. 365 by Whole Foods market has wallet. Happy organic, frozen waffles better than Cage-free eggs, Greek yogurt and more. Make a lunch. The other kids want to trade for. Load up on premium deli meat, organic sliced cheese, organic mayo and mustard plus trail mix applesauce, cut veggies and more. Gather around weeknight dinner legends like chicken nuggets, creamy macaroni and cheese, and savory, best of seasoned swordfish steaks. Meal plan check. Get all your quality back to school favorites at Whole Foods Market.


Make today the day you kickstart a new, healthy routine. What are you waiting for? Fuel up for them with factors. No prep, no mess meals. Meet your wellness goals in time for summer, thanks to the menu of chef crafted meals with options like calories, smart protein plus and keto factors. Fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. So no matter how busy you are, you'll always have time to enjoy nutritious, great tasting meals with 35 different meals and more than 60 Add-ons to choose from every week, you'll always have new flavors to explore. Crush your wellness goals this month with dietician approved meals and ingredients that you can trust. Make your day delicious from breakfast to dessert. Stay fueled with easy, nutritious options. Treat yourself to restaurant quality meals that feature premium ingredients like filet mignon, shrimp, and blackened salmon. Now for those of you who know me or may not know me, I love pasta. I love carbs. I love pasta. And then carbs and more carbs than pasta. So I love the Cabo Tapia and Italian style pork ragu, but I also love the Southwestern style beef macaroni. Both have, you know, pasta in them and meat. And this is kind of, I'm from the Midwest, that's what I love. But those two are two of my favorites. I love them. Head to Factor meals.com/ SmartLess 50 and use code SmartLess 50 to get 50% off your first box plus 20% off your next month. That's code SmartLess fifty@factormeals.com slash SmartLess 50 to get 50% off your first box plus 20% off your next month while your subscription is active.


And now back to the show. Now wait. So we get, get me back to the writing part of it. Yeah. Did did you, what, what, what gave you kind of the fuel to like, say, well, you know what, maybe I can, or maybe I should. Was it, did it come from just getting more and more proud of your writing or were you reading more and more things that were not great that were getting produced and you were like, I can do at least that? I think it was that, I think you just read so much when you're auditioning and even if you're not getting jobs, you just see the kind of landscape of what people are writing. And obviously there was good, good stuff, but I was kind of inspired by that moment in time that like the, the Peak Judd Apatow where like all those dudes were just like, yeah.


Just writing themselves. You know? Yeah. And I thought I could at least do that. Right. Right. Even if it's not as good or as funny, I, I could find some audience. And I also had this feeling that like, I, nobody would ever cast me as a certain kind of thing. And if I'm gonna be, if I'm gonna get that part, I probably have to write it for Myself. You know what? It's so funny. I, I, when I was living in Chicago, I would watch certain channels that no longer exist. And on those channels were shows that no longer exist. And they weren't really great. And I was young, really young. And I was like, if I, I know I can be at least that bad. Like, if that's all that's required, there's gotta be some job for me somewhere. Right. You know what I mean? Because that's not, they're not fantastic. Right.


Anyway, That was, I'm not, I wasn't saying that about No, I was, I'm not saying that about No, of course. But, but you know what I mean. Like, I saw the entire spectrum. And I thought there's somewhere I can land. And of course I had lofty dreams because I grew up on Jim Brooks and Nora Ephron, and those were the kinds of movies I wanted to be in. And I wanted to write. So, and And I think having Bill and holding each other's hands through the process. Like, we literally sat s side side and wrote our first script together. And I feel like that. How did that relationship start? How do you, how'd you guys, We were set up. We were set up by his sister, Mary McCormick. You must have I know. And love, love Mary. Of course. Best. Yeah. I did a movie in the nineties, indie movie with Mary And.


I was obsessed with her. She was like the coolest, funniest person I'd ever met. Yeah. Funny. She was like, really funny. You should go with my brother. He's, you guys are soulmates. And she's not wrong. It didn't work out. We did date for three weeks. It didn't work out. But he kind of is my like, work soulmate, you know? Yeah. We still work together, so. Oh, you Guys, so you guys still work together? You and Will? Yeah. We produce and we write together. That's Awesome. I love Will. He is so cool. Such a good dude. And, and Mary is so amazing. So you guys start, so you guys kind of have this, you realize you date, but it's not working out, but you realize that there is something else there on another maybe potentially even deeper level Yeah. Creatively that you connect on. Yeah. And what was the first thing that you guys were like, Hey, we need to write this. Like, how did that happen?


We started writing. Oh, it's so weird. No, we started writing a show in New York. I mean, we were just drunk there. It's not even worth mentioning. The only thing we completed was Celeste and Jesse Forever was the first movie that we completed, wrote to in its entirety and went out with Did you got, were you tempted to write about your relationship and how it Well, we Kind of, kind of, yeah. It kind of was that a little bit of it, it was like an amalgam of the first kind of love that we had our own separate loves plus our dynamic as like a kind of somewhere in the middle of romantic and best friend Chip. Yeah.


You just made me think of, sorry to bounce around. One of my favorite movies is Social Network. Was there any your, your participation in that and having gone to Harvard, was there any, did was any of that happening while you were, while you were there at that time? No, bro. No. I'm old. No. So it was After you left really? That was like 2004. We had, we had the Facebook Yeah. Which was the freshman Facebook. Yeah. Which is what the name is based on. Yeah. And so like, you'd get to school and you'd have a pic. Everybody would pick their headshot. Right. You know, Like a yearbook. Yeah. Like a yearbook. But, but you, you submit your picture. Yeah. That's pretty, Wow.


Was it digital or was it a, a hard copy. Hard copy. Digital. We had, we had ethernet my senior year. There was a little Internet. Right. Yeah. We're about the same age, right? No, you're younger than We are Younger. Yeah. I'm younger than you. Yeah. Come on, Jason. You're the oldest one here by far. I know. I'm far. How old are you? 55. Look at his face. Wow. Hang on. You're 55. Yeah, I've got some gray here. That's amazing. Yeah. Some gray in my beard. You It somewhere under that beard. You do look great. You look great. It's just a lot of beard. I'm, but I see a hell Of a backend Contest. I'm playing a loser, so, you know. Oh, You are? Yeah. In, in, In, in, oh, in the movie.


In the Movie. Oh, in the movie. In real, real life. My wife And I like role playing. And so this month she's got me as a loser this Month. Hey. Growing up around so much music. I'm sure there's was, there's constantly music in your house, I'm sure, right? Yeah. When you were a kid. Yeah. Yeah. And were you, were you ever inspired to do that? Like, was your whole family like, wait, don't you wanna come over here and do what we're doing? We're playing, we're playing instruments. We're singing songs. We're producing records. I love it so much. And I. I kind of like sing for fun. I, I've written for fun and I've sung like I've sung back up on some albums and things like, like that. Really? Yeah. I sang back up on the first two Maroon fives. No Way.


Nice. And I sang for them live. Yeah. That's So cool. That's so good. Wow. Wait, can you read music? Can you write music? I can write. I, I, my reading is limited, but my dad's a musical genius. That's like the last thing I wanna do. Oh yeah. It's like, try my hand at that. Okay. Okay. You know, but I love it. Like, I have a deep ache for music. And, I just don't ever feel like I'm good enough to do it. Like, I'll never be good enough to do it. So. Right. Again, like, I wanna remind people like, your dad produced Thriller. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Right? So like, that's So Jim, I remember one time Rashida going over to your, your dad's house with you and being blown away going downstairs and seeing, you know, when you go into somebody's office guys and you see like, think like a record, right?


Like a platinum record or whatever. Like some, some whatever. And you go into Quincy's House Museum and, and well, it is a, it's a museum and b the framed thing for Thriller has like 40 platinum records Yeah. In the frame. Yeah. Literally 40. You're like, what the fuck? It's like the granddady of them all crazy, crazy, Crazy. And what about that documentary you did was just so awesome. Oh, yes. That was so good. Yeah. So I was gonna talk about it. So let's get to the love documentary about your dad. Yeah. I mean, it's what a great thing to do for your, for your, I mean for your parents. It's just like, I don't know. That was, yeah. So, well, I was gonna say, so, so I mean obviously we, you know Yeah. Like Jason says, it's a great thing to do and to be able to do with your dad.


But, but also, like, what was, do you remember the moment where you're like how that the, the, the sort of the genesis of that? What was the moment? I, I'm not gonna take any credit. I I, my dad is so well documented. Yeah, yeah. Like, he had it, there was a doc series on BBC. There was a documentary about him in the eighties. And I was with Jane Rosenthal. You know Jane? Yeah, yeah. The great Jane Rosenthal, Who's a legend. And she worked for my dad years ago, like 30 years ago. Oh wow. And she said to me, you have to make, you have to make a documentary about your dad. That's And I was like, oh fuck. I do. I do. Don't I, I didn't want to.


But she was Right. Because the truth is he's so well documented, he's so accomplished. Right. That it's almost impossible to spend any time storytelling about who he is as a person to cover so much ground with just what he's like, like contributed to the world and culture. Right. I wanted to do something that felt like it captured his personality. Yeah. 'cause nothing ever has. And so That was kind of the goal. And then Al Hicks, who I love, by the way, have you, if you've never seen, he made a documentary called Keep on Keeping On, which is about Clark Terry, who's my dad, who's my dad's mentor. Oh, wow. Wow. Porn player. And his last mentee who was, who was this incredible jazz pianist, he's blind.


Justin Coughlin. It's like, about their relationship. It's like, if you're ready to cry Yeah. That's what you turn on. Oh. my God. Like, it's like Water works. It's so Good. Keep on keeping on, Keep on, keeping on. Okay. So Hicks, he directed that we met on my first day of filming in Montrose in Switzerland at the jazz festival. I had like a five D camera. I was like trying to figure out what to do, how to do it. And we met that day. And then I asked him to co-direct with me. Wow. That's great. Yeah. And I mean just the, the accent. So yeah. All that archival footage that people have already seen about your dad, no one's seen you just walking around with a camera in the house and talking to your dad. Right. That was, That was really cool Access. It was just, it just felt so privileged watching it.


It Was really, really touching. Yeah. It felt, it felt intimate and too intimate, in fact. 'cause there's a whole scene where, I mean, he almost died while we were filming. I know. Yeah. And we stopped filming and luckily my brother was like filming a bunch of stuff in the hospital, like, show my dad. 'cause he was, went into diabetic coma and, you know, luckily the, the conclusion of the story was such that we could put it in and felt like the real triumph through that. Because my dad is a beast and he has cheated death many times. 91 still crushing it. Wow. That's amazing. Yeah. You know, you know what's what what, what was fascinating to me watching That was seeing you in the document. 'cause you told you like, you have to check out this documentary.


I ran home and watched it and there's my friend Rashida Jones, and I'm watching Rashida Jones interview her dad, who's Quincy Jones. And I had this weird thing where like, wait, they're related. Which is a compliment because that's Really nice. I take that you Made, you've become, you've made such a, a, a world for yourself, separate from his huge world, and you've both become hugely successful. That it was, it was wild. Just to see. Wow. That's really nice that you both Yeah. Became Well, well, it's true. Rashia and, and That was also something that I wanted to get to, which is like, it's not easy. I can imagine. I can only imagine how to, and it's not, not by anybody's fault or design that you have a dad who is larger than life.


Who is, who is, you know, like as you said, a musical genius. Everybody knows he's created incredible things. He's done amazing things. And to grow up with that, I, I can only imagine there, there's a lot There. Say that. Yeah. And I. Then you go to Harvard, And I and to create your own thing and to have your own incredible success. Very Impressive. That'ss A real testament to your talent. And I. Hope you recognize that. Nice. Yeah. To have the courage to even try. And then you nailed it. And now that's, people are like, wait, she has a famous dad. You know, it's really nice. Yeah. Like you've, you've already got your own thing. Yeah. It's Janet and Michael. Huh? It's Janet Jackson and Michael Jackson. I never think of them in the same family. Oh his. Oh, his mother Janet. No, No. But like Janet Jackson and Michael Jackson are in the same family.


But I, when I see them I'm like, I don't think of the other one. Right. You know what I mean? It's not a great analogy also. No, it's too close. Close with Michael and stuff like That's alright. Sorry. Sorry. No, I mean we're, we would cut it, but we wanna shame you. So we're gonna leave it in. We might, we might open the episode with it. Yeah. Yeah. Have you seen The Godfather? Just kidding. No, I heard you guys talking about that. And we actually did, we, we watched it recently too. We watched all three and Great films. Great films. Yeah. I don't know if anybody knows, but really great films and three great film. I don't know if, I think we watched the edited version, but I watched it because I like, I hadn't seen it since. I know Sophia so well. And like, just seeing like Baby Sophia.


Yeah. That was her first in that movie. First on screen, wasn't it? You know What's crazy About Three you guys? Yeah. It's about, it's about c First Cousins in Love. I know And I just started watching it. And I. And that's not the, that's not the central conflict of the movie. This is the piece story. Well, so you mentioned, you mentioned Sophia Ola. So you made a film with Sophia WI wanna say 5, 4, 5 years ago, right? On the rocks. Yeah. 2020. It came, well it came out during lockdown. So Yeah. 2020. Sorry, I don't know what you're talking about. I blank blacked that part out of my brain. Completely. Yes. We all have. I don't know what you mean.


So you and you, right, so you made this film on the box in 2020 with Sophia Coppola and Bill Murray. Yeah. And you got a lot of great reviews for that performance. I mean, everybody loved it. And And I. I'm, did you know Sophia before? Or was that where you guys kind of got to know each other? We had met, we had met, I was in an act, I was like an out of work actor in an acting class in New York. And she came to the class to workshop lost in translation. Hmm. What? And so I played the like, main part. Oh, for a month. Wow. With Her. No, wait, wait. Walk me through that, that idea. What is that? So she worked, so I work with my acting coach. Greta works a lot with Francis and Sophia, and they do like dream work around, you know?


Yeah. Character, character dream work. Yeah. And so she kind of came to explore and enrich like the characters in the film. And so I was like assigned to the lead part, to the Scarlet Johansen part. And then, you know, I had to do like dream assignments and come in and like, you know, embarrass myself by acting out my dreams. But it was really very cool. Like, I got to play that part and work with Sophia for like a month. I was like 27 or something. 26, 27. Wow. Wow. That's pretty cool. That is cool. Yeah. Also shot in Japan. I didn't get the part, but that's fine. Yeah. Didn't even audition. So, but you didn't get the part, but you, but you got to have a sort of a really intense working relationship with, and you guys stayed together where like, we gotta do something at some point.


That's the kind of vibe or, I mean, obviously I would've done any, I would've done anything for her. But we, we stayed Vince over the years and then I shot We. did she shot, she directed a Calvin Klein underwear commercial that I was in. Wow. And then, and then she did this Bill Murray Christmas special for Netflix. And we had a little scene in that. And, and she was like, there's like a, something happening here. Like this is like a good dynamic. And I. Think she got the ideas sort of from that scene we had together. Nice. And that, what was that like? Working, working with Bill Murray? Yeah. I know a lot of people. I know, I know. I mean, you know, you don't really talk to many people that work with him.


I know. You know, they're elusive as he is. Yeah. Yeah. That is true. Also, by the way. I never Thought about that. That's true. We have, we, when we were doing that workshop, Sophia was trying to cast him and she had a, a dedicated assistant who sat outside our rehearsals with a phone waiting for him to call back all day every day. God, it's amazing. Right? Because like story by the way, Story, she already had a relationship with him, had a successful film with him and stuff. But she still had to have that. No, no, no. That was for loss in translation. That was before. Oh, That was for loss in That was before. Got it. Yes. That was originally when I met her and we were working on that. She had not cast him. She was still courting him. And you know, he's, he's like a Lochness monster Does the story goes like, you can only reach him via fax or something like that.


I know. Yeah. I guess I don't, I've never had that. He's, he's got a phone number that you can call and leave a Message. He's like a toll free number or Something for a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that. Yeah. But he really is like, he did a guest spot. I had a show called Angie Tribeca. Yes. And he did a guest spot and he called me And I booked his ticket. He was like, yeah, I wanna leave at nine. Oh No Way On Wednesday. I was like, okay, That's, are you Serious? She had Blue. Yeah. Yeah. Thats funny. No Way. Yeah. And is he just about as chill and sort of don't sweat the small stuff as he seems? He's pretty great. I mean, he is extremely charismatic, you know. Yeah.


He's like, and, and he's also, what, what? I didn't really know. I'd worked with him a couple times before, but doing a whole movie with him. Like, he's so, he's so good. He's so good. Yeah. I'm not saying anything you don't know, but he's such a good actor and he's so, he's so present and he's still works hard as an actor. You know, he's not checked out. Right. Right. He could be checked out. 'cause he's like, just his talent is, is yeah. Is, you know, undeniable. But he's like, he works hard. He had like a lot of big meaty monologues in that movie where he would talk about like biology, evolutionary biology, and the nature of men and women. And like, it was a lot. He had to, he had to run down some serious theories and he was like, fully committed.


You, I would love to Inspiring. Have him on this show. And he's awesome. Ask some questions for an hour. Did you wait first Of all? Well, why don't you wait out in the hall. Yeah. By the way, Exactly. Am not, not good enough. Am Wow. Yeah. Jesus Already thinking about the next guest, already Thinking About Bill Murray. Yeah, We'll be right back.


It may be hard to believe, but the kids are going back to school already. What? And cold and flu season is just around the corner. So fortunately GoodRx can help you save on the prescriptions you and your family need all year round. Using GoodRx is easy and totally free. With GoodRx, you can instantly save up to 80% on your prescription medications. All you need to do is search for your prescription on the GoodRx website or app and show your discounts at the pharmacy. With GoodRx, you can find prescription savings at the pharmacy's right in your neighborhood, including CVS, Kroger, Walgreens, Walmart, Vons, Sam's Club, Publix, and many more. And remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. Even if you have insurance, Medicare or Medicaid, GoodRx could beat your copay price. So when you're filling those back to school prescriptions, don't forget to check GoodRx before you get to the pharmacy. For simple smart savings on your prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


Did you know that you don't have to run 50 miles a week to call yourself a runner? It's kind of like how you don't have to have the most Instagram followers to be everyone's favorite. SmartLess host, sorry. Peloton is here to tell you that you get to define what it means to be a runner no matter how fast or how often you hit the Peloton tread. And you know what? You can use a Peloton tread or Tread Plus and not run at all with Peloton Walk classes. I love to walk. I live to walk. Peloton has a range of class types from their pop runs to their walk and talks and so much more. Even if you only have five, 10, or 15 minutes, Peloton has workouts you can work in from guided runs, walks and hikes to Pilates and strength classes for the gym. And you can even bring your workouts outdoors with the Peloton app, thanks to their guided runs, sprints, walks, hikes, strength classes, and so much more. Whatever your level, embrace it. The journey starts when you say, so personally, I have tried the Tread, I love it, but you know what? I can have the app on my phone and workout anywhere in the world. How unbelievably convenient is that? So whenever I go anywhere, for whatever reason, I just open up the app. I work out. It's so easy. Peloton is here to make sure your summer is all about running, walking, and hiking the way you want. Just ask the 3.7 million Peloton members already at it. Call yourself a runner with Peloton at one peloton.com/running.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp, as most of our listeners know by now. And, I'm sorry, I have to repeat it, but I portray to Oscar Lavan on Broadway, best known as a concert pianist as well as a composer, conductor and actor. But what a lot of people don't know is that he was totally ahead of his time in that he spoke openly about his mental health issues on live television. It was kind of revolutionary at the time. We've come a long way since then, but many people still have trouble discussing mental health. Like there's a stigma attached to it when there shouldn't be. But trust me, there is no stigma because if you don't take care of your mental health, nothing else in your life is ever going to be right. A good way to do that is with BetterHelp, since it's entirely online, BetterHelp is far more convenient than in-person therapy and is suited to your schedule. Start by filling out a brief questionnaire, then connect with a licensed therapist via phone, video, text, or chat. So a lot of people know this too. I did a show called Promises Promises in 2010, and it was really difficult. And I, I, we, I hit like this mental block. And so I sought therapy to get through that mental block. It was like I got a little bit of stage fright, And I didn't know what the underlying issue was. And because of therapy, I, I made a major breakthrough. And I could sing again. I could act again on live stage. It was a pretty big deal at the time. But Therapy got me through it and I'll, I'll never forget it. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash smartlist for 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/ SmartLess.


Alright, back to the show. Alright, so let's switch gears. All of a sudden now you find yourself in with the gang over at Pixar, right? The, the crew, the, The crew, the Pixar crew, the Pixar Crew, they approach you and they go, Rashida, we want you to come in here and start mixing it up on the Toy Story Bonanza. How'd that go down? I mean, this is, I love these Toy Story movies. I love Pixar movies so much. Yeah, I do too. Yeah, me too. And it was, yeah, I was on parks and you know, they have really kind of cool development where every, you know, they're, they're development people.


They're casting people. They watch indie films. Like that's how they get their ideas, you know, like I had had some friends who'd written indie movies who'd written there, and we went and screened Sles and Jesse forever. And then we got a call to meet on a project all very, very under wraps. You know, like, they have to keep everything really. And we went and met and we got the job. And so I went to Sure And I was like, listen, I love you. I love the show. I, I wanna be here, but I got a job. It's at Pixar. I have to move to the Bay Area. And like, I, but I need your blessing. You know? And he was like, he's the greatest, he's the best boss ever. 'cause he let everybody do everything they wanted to do while we were doing that show.


So Nice. Chris Pratt, they like filmed in London so Pratt could do the Marvel, the first Marvel movie he did. Right. He just wanted everybody to be like the best version of themselves. So he was like, yeah, of course You have to go. How long did you, how long did you live in the Bay Area to do that? I lived there two years. Wow. Yeah. And, and you had to live there while you were writing it because the process is so sort of collaborative and back and forth and It's collaborative, it's iterative. You're, you're rewriting a script every three weeks. It is not a WGA job. I'll just say that. You know? Wow. Like you're, and you're working with the story artists and they're sort of writing within their, the way that they, you know, draw changes the story and then you have to like, change the script to fit the sequences.


They've Yeah. One of the greatest documentaries I've ever seen is the Pixar story. Yeah. They sit down and show that to you on your first day there. Yeah, They should really, it's so fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. I see that. And I did Monsters University, that little movie. Oh yes. And so we went up there too. And that, and the whole facility is the coolest. Like, everybody's just playing ping pong and walking around like Yeah. It's like college. There's a vibe there. It's like college. Yeah. There's like, They're so good at ping pong up there. They're so good at ping Pong. That's the one thing I love about Pixar is how good at ping pong they're, I did one movie, I did a Ouie. It's not a big deal. Yeah. Back in the day with Brad Bird. With Brad Bird. Who cares? That's a good movie. That's a very, You played that great.


You created that, that great big huge dude, right? The German, the nasty boss. The No, he is the German sous chef. That's it. So good. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Fun movie Love with Brad Bird is such a gene. That guy's a genius. Yeah. That's amazing. It feels nice. Like they send me a nice coffee table book every Christmas. Oh, they do? Yeah. Just about, just different subjects each, each year. Just Stuff, you know, from everybody from your friends At Pixar Belt boats sometimes. Wow. It's very nice. I really appreciate it. Wow. Wait, we got a lot Of coffee tables. I drink a lot of coffee. Okay guys, You and Jason both grew up in the Valley. Did you ever run into each other? Yes. Have you known each other or no? You always pass each other. You don't Remember, Do you? Oh, I want to know.


I wanna hear this. I don't remember Yesterday. No, I definitely, we've crossed paths. Oh, oh, Oh, Jason. No, no, no, no, no. There's no, there's no raw stories. There's no raw stories. I just remember like seeing you round and like you were cute. All my friends liked you. I just feel like there's, there's so much crossover. Eighties Valley. Yeah. But like you, where in the, like was this like at the mall? We were driving. Were we, were we at like The parties? You're No. 'cause you were driving when I was like 12. Yeah. Oh, or 11. Right. But, but I feel like there was like, like, I'm trying to think of the eighties parties. Eighties clubs.


Well, sure. Like Roxberry Flippers, peanuts, Roxberry. Oh, it Sounds like you didn't see each other. That's a, It sounds like, well, I wasn't remembering a lot back then, but wait, Wait, let's go back to flippers and Peanuts. Yeah. Flippers was a roller skating place. Where do hear about flippers? Flippers is now the CVS on the corner of La Ciga and Santa Monica. And you still go there. It was like Studio 54, but Roller skates, No Way. Maybe not Studio. No. Way. It was happening. And then there very happening, there was a big club where the Beverly Center is right now. Oh yes. Called Odyssey, wasn't it? I think That was Odyssey. Yes. Roxbury though. That was a spot. And, and then above the Roxy on the rocks. That was a big Yep.


On the rocks. The whiskey bar at the bottom of whiskey, the Sunset. Marquee was, Oh, That was was a big haunt for me. That was banging. Yes. Yeah, me too. Yeah, you crossed paths. It was good times. So see, I do remember things, But just not heard. Did You go to high school? Like, did you go or did you go to high school instead? This is a great question Ish. I I did not, I did not get any Imagine a Imagine a Okay. Rashida Imagine a school bus. No, no. That was, That was eighth. Great. The back of it has a bunch of massage tables and the back of bunch. It's Eighth grade massage bus. Right. We know she doesn't know about the massage. You went To massage. Massage bus school. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was called Heartlight. It was an experimental school. That was just one year. Exactly. And. I also grew up with Amanda. Yeah, yeah.


Amanda. Oh, Jason. Amanda With Amanda. Amanda. Since the School. Oh yeah. We all go back. Yeah. Where did the acting bug come from? Was there, well, What age? Well, your mom obviously your mom. My mom was an actress. Yeah. Was an Actress for She encouraging their, the great Peggy Lipton. Yeah. Yes. The great Peggy Lipton. She, yeah, she was encouraging. I was like, my rebellion was like, I'm not doing this Hollywood bowl. I'm not, I'm not doing You surrounded by it and you're, Yeah, I wanted to be a lawyer. I wanted to be taken seriously. I wanted to be legitimate. You Would've been a great lawyer, by the way. No offense. Yeah, you would've Great. For real. You would've been think What kind of lawyer I wanted to litigate.


Like I wanted to be like, you know, Spencer Tracy in, in Inherit the Wind. You know, like I wanted to like argue the case in court. Yeah. But you could do that with, with a lot of different kinds of law, can't you? Yeah. Yeah. But there's no particular law that really interests you, like environmental law or criminal law, or, I probably would wanna have been like, yeah, like a, I would've been like a DA or something, you know? Right. Rashida, with all of your success already, have you sort of like slowed down your dreaming? Like, do you even allow yourself to, like where, where would you love to see yourself in 5, 10, 15, 20 years?


Is it, is it more on the writing side? The acting side? Like just like harmony, just with your family? Like, or do your goals move as often as, as, as like mine do. And do you just, do you settle on anything? Yeah. That, no. I, I don't know. I'm in a real, like, maybe you guys can tell, tell me. 'cause you're tiny bit older than me. I'm having that moment right now where I'm like, I don't know anything. Yeah. Yeah. I Don't know anything That's better. And by the way, you can do it all. 'cause you're already doing it all. I Don't know. I don't know. Am I Anything, but Yes, you are lying. Also, we're also like A person. I just started, I just started therapy a couple. This is true. I'm gonna get real for a second. Good. And, I. Fucking don't know anything.


Anything. This is the most scared I've been in my life. Yeah. Is right now. That's good though. Before That's Good though. Will wait. Why? Because It's really scary. I'm doing like, I can't even believe I'm talking about this. I had heavy therapy this morning. And. I. I can't believe it. I, I just, it's scar you because you're like, you're like admitting that. Like, you might not know as much as you're pretending to know. Yeah. That's, that's the tip of it. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And that And I do think there is something, there is something at this moment, there's something sort of like regenerative and I'm sure it's coming for you will, like right now, you're, you're sort of like resetting, which is incredibly scary. But most people I talk to who are 50, just turned 50, have this thing where they're like, who am I?


There's like this full rebirth. What, who, who do I wanna be for the next 50 years? If we're lucky? Yes. What does my back half look like? Yeah. What's actually fulfilling? What does my ego want? Do I need to fulfill my ego? Do I need to fulfill a deeper soul purpose? Like so much is coming up. I talk About all that shit in my, my therapy. I talk about all that stuff. Yeah. So good. It's Will. I'm excited for you. This is really, IM Kidding. Yeah. Thanks. I, I really, I Wouldn't be scared. I would embrace it. Like embrace the fear of God. I'm Trying. It's, but the fear's good because that's, we're all scared. I had to, I had to like, I, I had to, I had to put eyedrops in just to, so that my eyes were white. 'cause I just was like in, it was rough. Well, oh, well, I know. I had a really rough morning. Really? Anyway, I love it. It's been, I love it. That's a Good workout. It's couple weeks.


Yeah. Yeah. But good for you for doing that work. Yeah. Because you could just like slide by and you could probably be okay. And live in denial for the rest of your life. And the fact that you're going deep right now means you're gonna rebuild and be like the best for yourself and your back. By The way, the best part is, I told Polar yesterday, and she's like, oh, I'm so glad. I'm like, what do you mean you're so glad? What? She's like 20 years too late. Oh, Oh my God. Yeah. It's like we're all here talking about laughing about it on a podcast. I know. But It is so weird. You're right. I think at this stage of your life, you've done stuff and like you've had like the, this huge first couple chapters of your life and you have the work stuff, and you have the adolescence and then the work stuff, then the kids stuff, and then the work with kids stuff and blah, blah, blah.


And you get to this point, you're like, okay, now what? Right. Yeah. And also that's all that stuff that you thought for your entire life was gonna fill the gap. Yeah. You're like, wait, it doesn't quite fill that gap. Right. There's still a little piece list missing. And what is that piece like? Yeah. Yeah. And we're we're privileged enough to have succeeded in a way. Yeah. But I think for everybody, they're like, wait a second, it's just gonna be this forever. Like all the firsts are gone. Yeah. It's, so most of the Firsts are Gone. Interesting. Wow. I talk about all that Rashida in my therapy. But, but to your point, Jason, like, I think everybody here, including me, I wanna do, I want to, not to be overly earnest, but I wanna be able to create from a, from like a real source, from a feeling of connection.


So I'm like, I'm taking a little breath to figure out what that actually is and what that looks like and what I wanna say. Because, you know, I don't know. I'm not gonna, I don't wanna just put shit out. And also, it's hard to put shit out right now, but, you know. All right. So wait, so Rashida, so then first of all, everything you're saying is like, so well said. That's like so succinct and to the point. And I. Love it. What is the best advice somebody's given you to get over what we're all talking about? Or to not get over it, but to kind of manage it? Deal with it. Yeah. Manage it. Well, the, like, the thing I always go back to is my, my dad says, make decisions based on love and not fear. Which sounds so platitudinal, but it's really not. Like, when you think about it will like, you know what you were just saying?


Like, I have often looked at my life and thought, let me just do this thing that I know is the kind of safe way to do it. Or let me do this thing that's gonna make people love me. And because I'm afraid of not being loved, as opposed to like really, really loving something and believing in something and not caring, Worrying about the results. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I realized that I have all these trick what I, what I've come to sort of realize anyway in the last couple weeks that I, I have a lot of these tricks that I can do that help me get over things and get by And. I can kind of And, I can get to a place of, okay, And, I can kind of put the things back on, on track. But, but, but there's a, there are patterns there and, and I'm like, nothing's ever gonna really change unless I actually look at it.


That's the, I think looking at it, acknowledging it. And then I would say my greatest gift is like just continuing to develop my inner life. Mm. Like something that has it is not connected to anybody else. Creating almost like a little house inside, whether it's meditation or breath, whatever it is. Nature. Yeah. That's self-sufficient. And it's not reliant on external approval gratification. Yeah. Yeah. Love that. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, anyway. Have you seen Goonies? Yeah. I haven't seen Goonies in a while. Really good movie. Welcome back to Sean's Hot. Takes Hot to Hot Takes instead of hot cakes.


Triple hot. That's Good. Well, Rashida, you are a real sweet to give us an hour of your day. Yeah. That was so funny. You guys, you're shaking. Was that An hour? Wow. That's an hour. Yeah. Look at us. They're breezy. It's a, it's a breezy little stop here. So we were just getting into the meat of it too, right? No, we were getting deep. I know. We just started to get You wanna take another bite? Will. No, I don't. I don't. Should we talk about therapy Some more? Another. I really, I really, Really don't. I can't believe we talked about it at all. I love that Good. This good love. Dude, this is great. It's great to be vulnerable. Yeah. Yeah. We always talk about that.


Shit's Good. It's good, good, good balance. Rashida, we love you. I love we love, Love you guys. This was so fun. Thank you for having Me. Thank you For doing this And talking to me. Watch Sonny. Sonny. Watch. So now Sonny, now Sony is it, that's spelled with an o or A-U-S-U-N-N-Y. It's on in, it's on Apple TV plus, yes. Apple TV plus Sonny starting the incomparable. Rashida. Jones. Rashida. Jones. Rashida. Congratulations on that. Congrat. Yeah. Congratulations on, thank you guys. Everything. So, so much love to your family and continued success. You Great. Thank You guys. Love You honey. Thanks Rashida. Bye guys. Bye. See you soon. Oh, well, Willie, that's now, that's, it's almost your kind of half wife, right?


Isn't she's best friends with Amy. Yeah. I mean I've spent, I've spent a lot of time with Sheda. Rashida over the years. We've like a lot of time, we've vacationed together many times. We've just done rash. She And. I actually went well, not to. We asked, we're together to make sure's wedding. I mean What's, what's, what do you call her for short? Sheda. Sheda. Yeah. Sheda. She shedi Shes, Yeah. Jones. Jonesy. Rashida Jones and Me. rj Ever. rj. RJ would be good. Oh, RJ iss good. R's pretty good. You're obsessed. You're obsessed with the initials, Jay. Yeah. I do like you a Lot. I should call you Jay. Yeah. Yeah. She's lovely. She's so grounded.


She's so well, she's so smart and, and funny and like just razor sharp and has always been, and yeah, I, I always like spending time with Rashida. Jones And Easy on the eyes and easy On. Easy on the eyes. Easy on the Eyes. But she's grown up in such a, in such a, a, a potentially privileged, isolated environment yet does not seem that No, she's very probably worked hard to not be Yeah. Very, very down to earth. You wouldn't, if you didn't know that her dad was Quincy Jones that she'd grown up in Hollywood. If you met her in a coffee shop in Kansas City, you'd be like, oh, she's just a somebody from any town shop.


A Yeah. And who is just a smart, you know, awesome person. But she has no, there's no, she's not spoiled to that way. Yeah. No. Yeah. Really great. But at the end there, I like that we got real, real about it. And I like talking about this stuff and I'm glad you you're doing that Will, that's really great. And I love. When Jason asked if, when, you know, we weren't done, if you wanted to take another Bye. Out of the meat. Smart. Less smart, less SmartLess is 100% organic.


And Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry, Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Bargo Smart Less


Get ready to rack to school at your Nordstrom Rack store. 'cause the deals are amazing. Levi's, Adidas, Volcom, and Hurley from only $20. Save on everyone's favorite denim sneakers, boots, backpacks, and more at Nordstrom Rack. But hurry, get first dibs on new arrivals from just $20 and make it the best school year ever. Great brands, great prices. That's why you rack.


Earning your degree online doesn't mean you have to go about it alone. At Cappella University, we are here to support you when you're ready. From enrollment counselors who get to know you and your goals, to academic coaches who can help you form a plan to stay on track. We care about your success and are dedicated to helping you pursue your goals. Going back to school is a big step, but having support at every step of your academic journey can make a big difference. Imagine your future differently@capella.edu.