
Is everyone caught up on severance on Apple tv? Plus I am. If not, now's the time because no in, or Audi is safe from spoilers lurking around every corner. Like what's the deal with the baby goats? What are they doing with the numbers? And how is Adam Scott So ruggedly handsome, the drama from executive producer and director Ben Stiller and creator Dan Erickson has been hailed as groundbreaking, mind bending, and the best show on tv. Severance stars, Adam Scott, Britt Lauer, Tremmel Tillman, Zach Cherry with John Ture and Patricia Arquette. Learn more@fyc.apple tv plus.com.


Father's Day is coming up and for lots of dads out there, dad doesn't quite cover it. They're groundskeepers patio whispers and rogue leaf vigilantes too. So this year showed dad some love with gifts from the Home Depot. They've got fast free delivery on handy gear that helps dad do his thing. We're talking Rio B cordless outdoor tools like the Rio B 40 volt expanded string trimmer. Find the perfect Father's Day gift at the Home Depot. Shop in store and online@homedepot.com. Free delivery subject to availability.


Save a savor every drop of summer with handcrafted beverages from Starbucks. Big news, the unofficial drink of the summer is back. Yep. The fan favorite summer berry refresher is now here for a limited time. It's light, bright and like a berry powerhouse bursting with summer flavor. And those raspberry pearls at the bottom of the drink. They're perfect. Craving something new. Try the iced horchata oat milk shaken espresso. Inspired by Mexican horchata, blonde espresso is shaken to perfection with notes of cinnamon and vanilla, then topped with oat milk. Trust me, you'll love the taste Creamy yet refreshing. Keep summer going forever with a strawberry acai lemonade refresher. The strawberry passion fruit and acai flavors are balanced with a zing of lemonade and those freeze dried strawberry pieces. Mm, so tasty. So I love this. I had the summer berry refresher delivered to my house from Starbucks. I drank it in like one gulp. It was so delicious. And it's blue. And those little like pearls at the bottom. The little raspberry pearl. Oh my God. It was just so refreshing. I loved it. I'm gonna drink it all the time anyway, however, your summer, your summer favorites are ready at Starbucks.


Hey gang. Welcome to SmartLess. We are a sweet new podcast starring myself, Sean Hayes, Jason Bateman, and Will Arnett. And we are complete idiots. So what we do is we bring on a guest and we ask them stuff and they make us smarter. Hopefully. It's super cool. So please come with us. Enjoy the show. Smart, smart, smart. Less. Now listen, I need to say this before we get too deep into this. I'm about to have a a COVID test because it's 2020 and I get 'em done like once a week or every 10 days.


We have to with the kids and everything. And mine just happens to coincide with us doing so at, at some point during the podcast, I'm gonna have somebody come in and she's gonna come in in and give me A That's not true. Yeah. Why? Why does it have to be during our time? And what is COVID? Oh, bless him In his, why does she have to do it during our time? Because it was Bad scheduling. Bad scheduling, but a lot of things conspiring kids. Tomorrow afternoon. I'm busy. Uhoh. That's always boring With you. Wait, what? Uhoh You guys golfing? No, No, no. We have a business Meeting. We're going charity. Charity meeting. Got it. I guess I'm busy too. Yeah. Feeding kids busy. Making smiles. It's A charity meeting. I thought you were gonna say after your COVID test you were gonna have like a, a a, like a reveal party of the result.


Oh yeah. You know, I, people get mad 'cause I keep doing on the subway. I used to do gender reveals all the time. I'd wear a trench coat and I'd just go, Hey, you know, and I just reveal my gender to people. That's so stupid. I know. It's so dumb. And, and people got mad for my gender reveals on the subway. Well next time you, you have the results, But I hear a female laughing. So your guest already, I can tell is a female or a fellow who Is happy. Might sound careful. Like a female. Yes. Might sound like a female. Good For you. Yes. Good for you. That's restraint. Look at, look how much you've grown. Oh wait. So let me guess. I know it's a woman. It is.


It's a really, I don't know if you could tell by her laugh. 'cause mostly people are laughing at what she's doing. Okay. Is it Fellas Della? So she's a comedian. She's A comedian. Well, I mean she's a lot of things. Standup or actor. Let me, you ready for this? All of the above. God. She started as a standup, then got into acting, then did sketch, then did SNL, then did her own show. One two. Emmys is a hilarious, just all around hilarious person. She's got a brand new podcast, Phil Stiller. That is killing it. Phil Stiller ladies and gents Sean and Jason Uhoh. Sarah Silverman is on the show today. Hey Sarah.


Still woo woo. Woo woo. Look at that. And embarrassed. Right? Good. Why are you Embarrassed? Why? 'cause you're smoking the skinniest cigarette I've ever seen. It's a toothpick. Ooh. Oh yeah. She's tough today. Oh, I'm so excited you're here. I know. How good is this this's? So cool. So cool. Look at this. Can you believe It? Nice going. Will I know you guys? Nice going. We're all such fans of yours. You're such a super comedy hilarious person. There She is. Will, what's your first question? Since you've had time to work on good questions, it's your guest. Yep. Let's have your best one right now. Okay, Sarah? Yeah. How's it going?


Oh, that's good. No, I listen. Gender reveal on the subway is the funniest joke, by the way. It's So dumb. Right? It's so dumb. That's a great joke. Oh my God. I'm waiting to tell that for like four days I've been, When you said it, you know when you hear something and you can't wait to tell a friend? You know, it wasn't quite that, but it was like almost that. Can I tell you something? So, So I'm gonna tell you this, Sarah, one of my favorite jokes that I have told many times over and over, or I've retold the scene, which is people's least favorite thing to hear when you're like, Hey, do you remember the scene? Where was from the, your old program? So I'm gonna start in the middle from the Sarah Silverman program where you did on, on Comedy Central.


It's such A funny show. It's So good. And you did this bit by the way. I don't know if you could do it today. It was the episode where you wanted some good news. So you decided to get an AIDS test, right? Yeah. And first of all, there are like 80 jokes crammed in this tiny scene. And you go, she goes, did you ever had unprotected sex? And you said, is there any other way? Right? Then she said in the eighties, and you said No. Yeah. She goes, did you ever have unprotected sex in the eighties? And I go, oh my God, yes. And she goes, you did, you had unprotected sex in the eighties. And I go, oh no, I'm So, I thought you said in Haiti. So then, so, so then she goes, you, so then she says, tell me how many times.


And so you take a piece of paper and you, you start writing and you hand it to her and she goes, what's that? And you go, that's the number. And she goes, there are two numbers. And you said, yeah, for the front and back. And she goes, they're the same number. And you said, yeah, I'm kind of OCD. Like that. It was like a domino effect of jokes. It just like started and it was just nonstop. Oh fuck me, man. I've told that. That's such a funny bit. And it's such a, you're just, everything about that scene was again, I don't know, I think people might be offended today. I don't know. There Are a lot of problematic things looking back. But you know, such is comedy. It's not evergreen. Right. So, so that's my thing is like, you've always been such a, I don't know, such a fucking stupid word, edgy, but you know, cutting it.


Good for you Sean. Thank you. Thank you. She's Getting prayer hands. Go Ahead. Prayer hands. Prayer hands that, what is it? It's like, it's always about the messenger of the joke. It's never really about the, so you can say like on the Sarah Silverman program, you could do a joke about aids like that. And people embrace it and laugh because it's you saying it. So what do you think is the difference between you saying it and somebody else saying it and not getting away with it? It seems like you get away with a lot of stuff because you're so fucking funny. But it's, some of it's pretty dark. I think it's the intention behind it. Like, yeah, this is a math term, but it's kind of of like the absolute power of the joke. Like especially back then, I always said the opposite of what I thought.


You know? And that was the joke kinda. And then the, hopefully the truth transcends that I don't really feel this way. Not to break it down in the least funny possible way. But it is also interesting too, because like that comedy I did, you're right. It, it was like, oh, it's okay because, you know, I don't mean it. But then it also is kind of like, we are liberal so we can say anything. So we could say, you know, the words that are unsayable or whatever, like, you know, I don't mean it, So I could say it like, there is kind of like a liberal, like douchiness about it. I think in, in retrospect. I mean, I don't know. It's a weird balance. I think you're right. I was thinking about that the other day, which is like, what's been gone is things have gotten so serious because everybody who's not liberal is so serious and so dark and so real about their negativity or hate or racism or whatever it is that it's taken all of that away.


You're like, well I, I don't even want to joke about anything. A lot of things that are rough or maybe pushing boundaries because you feel like I don't want it to be taken the wrong way because there are so many people who mean it. Right? Yeah. There's not enough distance, you know, it's like so close. Like people go, oh, it's so funny. I saw like a comment in Spanish of something that I wrote and I go, Ooh, you know, I have a fan that's Spanish. He just, then I press translate and it was just a, why don't you stick to comedy and you know, leave politics on blah blah blah. I was like, oh. So wait. I'm sure you've had your share of criticism, like we all have like positive, negative, but is there someone in your life that mattered to you who said that you may have taken certain materials too far or something like that?


Which of your friends have you offended Sarah And lost forever? I've Actually kind of made friends that started out as like them calling me out. Mm. Right. Interesting. You know, I would guess, and please correct me, but I would guess that one of the things that appeals to you about, about comedy, about thinking of funny stuff and crafting it into something, you know, in order to deliver to an audience is about identifying that which makes some of us uncomfortable as opposed to Yeah. Some people look, it seems to me look at other things in that makes them excited about comedy with you. It seems like there you have an affinity for a, as do I trying to identify the thing that all kind of makes us a little bit uneasy.


'cause it's, it only exists in our smallest place. And you want to kind of bring that out and amplify that and, and share a common sort of reference point. So are you finding that you're frustrated that outside sources seem to be narrowing those borders and those walls and, and now you have to kind of think twice and three times about that? Or do you not listen to that? I Think like what you said, edgy or, you know, I know it's corny or whatever, but it's like you can't have it both ways. Like if you do something that is risky, you have to be risking something. Like there are consequences, right? Like, you can't get mad that there are consequences. And I don't mind, I like, like when young people, you know, like students or whatever.


Oh God. Like they teach me new language. I'm into that. 'cause I feel like they're always on the right side of history and I wanna like learn new words and pronouns even though I fuck up all the Time. Fire by the way, is a new one for something That's good. Okay. It's just, That's not that new fire. No, it's brand new. It, it started yesterday. That's not new. Granddad fire. I had a guy tell me, I had a guy tell me on Twitter. It was, it was made me think about, you know, there's a, there's an ad that came out for Biden, was Sam Elliot during the Voice for it? I don't know if you heard it. And So I just, I retweeted I said the, the vo master, right? 'cause he is just like the voiceover idol of mine. Like, I think he's so good. All I said was vo master and this guy responded stick to comedy.


And I thought, I was like, wait a second. Do You do voiceovers Will? Who's asking? You have to be one thing. You have to be the one thing. I know you as right? Yeah, yeah, exactly. You are a monolith. And it was within my, and I'm like, I can't even comment on voiceover. Like, wait a second. Also, like whoever's saying that, what do they do for a job? Are they a critic? I hope that they are only a critic. I know. I Hope so too. Right? So speaking of sticking to what you do, you started, you started doing standup when you were young, right? Like, like a 1717 did. That Always blows my mind when standup start that.


I know, me too. Like how did you, that's so scary. The courage, The, you, You have more courage at 17, don't you? I did, I was a bed wetter until I was almost 16. So by the time that 16 I did stand up. But you know, nothing is humiliating. You, nothing's competes with that kind of humiliation. But How did you know how to write at that young of age? Like how did you know how to craft and construct a joke? I mean, I wasn't good, you know, I just did it. I wasn't a good comedian. I like did like jokes about, you know, I went through a high school actually that was really, they'd have an assembly on Mondays and Fridays and they'd let me do like a couple minutes. No way. And I had a math teacher that would let me like tell a joke at the beginning of every class as long as I shut up the rest of it.


Oh wow. And it was nice. It was like, It was really encouraging. I studied piano and this is where everybody passes out. I studied piano and classical music when I was much younger. And I remember in high school my dentist told me that he and his wife were throwing a Christmas party. And I would, would I come over and play background music at the party on the piano? And I'm like, yeah, totally. Wow. And surf drinks. Yeah. And surf Drinks and wear this outfit. And Can you park cars or Right. Do you mind wearing a mask? The point is, when I was done, he handed me a hundred dollars and I was blown with, and I got paid for a talent that I got something in exchange, you know, for the years I, you know, put into honing this craft.


Do you remember the first time you got paid as a standup and like what that was like? Did you report it and do you remember how old you were? When I was 19, I did a road gig at a club called Joker's Wild. And what's the town that has Yale in it? But it's like No Haven besides Yale. It's gross. Okay. Sorry. I mean, wonderful. So it was like this low rung mob run place called Jokers Wild. I was the mc for six shows. I got altogether a hundred dollars Less than Sean got for the Yeah. And they harassed me the whole time and kept asking me to do cocaine.


Huh. And I had to find my own place to stay. And I stayed with these elderly cousins of friends of my mom's that were both deaf. It was like a rough week. It was really odd. And you're all jets out too. Oh, so you're all Jets stout. No, I did not. I did not do cocaine, but yeah. And the headliner that week, I won't say is you probably wouldn't know him, but he ended up kind of losing everything. He was like, at that point he was married, he just had a kid and he was such a nice guy. Mostly impressions. But then I heard a friend of mine was in Na with him, and he did a brilliant thing.


You know, comics are so dark, they're very close to criminals, you know. Yeah. But he, he would go to open houses and use the bathroom and steal all their drugs, you know, all their medications and stuff. Wow.


There's a lot to navigate in life. And your ride should be able to match your speed. Meet the BMWX three, powerful, practical, and refined. It's the SUV that was built to keep up the pace no matter what the day brings. And it really embraces contradictions, turning heads with its exterior design while on the inside, giving you all the space you need to take on whatever comes next. It's packed with innovative tech like BMW's, digital Key Plus, and the intelligent personal assistant, which makes every drive smarter, smoother, and more connected than ever. And no matter the road, the X three adapts in real time. So you can take on mountains, back roads, or even leave the beaten path behind, whether you're navigating parts unknown or just weaving through rush hour. It's sporty handling makes every drive feel like an adventure. So from the daily grind to going off the grid and everything in between, you can do it all in the BMWX three. Check out bmw USA dot com to learn more.


There are a lot of beaches out there guys, but there's only one people call the beach. Myrtle Beach. South Carolina is made up of 14 coastal communities and 60 miles of sunny beaches. Together. They create a place that makes you feel like you belong. The beach is 60 miles of bringing people together. Myrtle Beach is where you can be your best beach in self shine and dine in a foodie haven with oceanfront, patios, fresh seafood, low country classics, and southern favorites. Listen to live music any day of the year outside at laid back beach bars at world renowned theaters, or right on the boardwalk. Keep the whole family happy and having fun with over a thousand attractions to choose from. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip to theBeach@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. Now I'm a man. I have mental health or sometimes what would be the opposite of health mental illness type. No, I've, I, I, well listen, we all kind of fluctuate between feeling good, feeling weird, feeling bad, feeling up, feeling down. It's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a constant changing thing. You know why? 'cause we're not robots. All right. So there's a stigma that comes around asking for help or seeking help, getting help, accepting help. All that. That's all a bunch of garbage. That's old. We are current, we are new, we are modern men. And we need help just like everyone else. So reaching out to BetterHelp is a great way to do it. You're just, you're there on your phone anyway. Men today face immense pressure to keep it all together. But bottling things up can lead to depression or unhealthy habits. So it's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying. So you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man, you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally. It's convenient too. Like you can join a session with a therapist at the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.


My next question is, what's the perfect balance for you from comedy? Like, what do you like to do that balances you out on any particular day or week or month? Hobbies or, I'm So boring. I love Nothing. Television. Television. Watching television. Ozark. Oh my gosh, there We go. I got it. Oh My great interview guys. God, She hasn't said it's good yet. Let her finish. Oh yeah. Ozark what? Ozark What? It's so, it's such a solid bee of a show. No, it's, oh God, I just, I thought so. Anyway, you don't need to. But thank you Mr. But I just am a big fan of all of you.


Likewise. But mostly Individually. I could go off, but I just wanna say you're in your, you know, all of your brilliant actors, brilliant performers, but they're, your directing is like, it's really beautiful. Thank you Sarah. And I said season three was phenomenal. Come on. And that's all you get. That's a lot. Thank you. I will take it. That'll get me to sleep tonight. And will your, your No, no, no, no. This Reese's commercials. Oh, Reese's. Yeah. Reese's. Unbelievable. Sorry. Not sorry. Unbelievable. Sorry. So you like watching drama stuff or do you watch it all drama. What about like, reality shows? Like what about Bachelor?


Do you have like a guilty pleasure like that? I am watching The Bachelor with my lover. Yeah. Yeah. And we have a lot of fun. My wife loves that. It's just fun. It's so dumb. I know. Yeah. But it's so fun. It's just big laughs all throughout. Yeah. But besides that, I like dramas. Yeah. Do you want to act in one of those or do you just wanna watch them? Yeah, I would like to act in one of those, but I love watching them. I think it's like watching comedy can be, when it happens, I'm like, I enjoy it, but it's never my go-to because it's just kind of a little more stressful than Right. You know, watching a thriller, I would say it's like, you know, doctors don't run home and watch Crazy Anatomy, Right? Yeah. It's Like that. You've never said that, Sean.


That's a fucking lie. You've never said that. Sean always says that He does. Yeah. But a thriller. Yeah. I'd love to be in a like a Or like a tactical, is that right? Yeah. Like a born, a born movie. Right Movie or like a Oh yeah. You know what? I started recording 'cause they've been playing them. I'm Is Old Colombos from the seventies. Ooh. And they're so good. Oh, Colombos. They're, they're like watching a seventies movie. Like they're on film and they That's Peter Faulk, right? Peter Faulk. And the episode we watched was Ruth Gordon in a rare role as a rich lady. Ah, Love her the Best. She's my favorite. Harold and Ma. Yes, Of course.


Yeah. And my favorite movie is Where's Pop's Every which way But Lose Huh Huh. Every which way But Lose with Clin Eastwood, which she goes in any Which way you can. Sure. And in which we, with the, one of my favorite lines in any movie when she, when the orangutan is on the thing and she goes, what are you doing? Eating all the yo yos crapping all over the place. That's my, one of my favorite lines. She always leads with her thumb. Yeah. Let me ask you this. So Sarah, can I wanna go back to when you started doing, do you remember? Hi You guys. Hi you Oliver. I'm just happy to see your faces. Sorry, go on. No, no, no. We'll edit all this. We'll make it clean. No, we, we don't have to. I'm only asking questions 'cause Sean gets really mad if we don't stick to asking questions.


But, but He doesn't like conversation. He doesn't like conversation. And then he feels that the people in the middle of the country in Wisconsin are mad if we're not getting information out of our guests. So our guest today is Sarah Silverman. Just to remind everybody, Sean happy now. And Sarah, I just wanted, I was thinking about you being 17 being on stage and you're trying to write jokes. And you were joking that like they weren't any good. But can you remember like your first joke that you thought was funny? Yeah. That maybe still is. Yeah. Yeah. My friend Eric Noy said, does my breath smell like tacos? And I said, I don't know. Do you put shit in your tacos? That was in high school.


But I, I found an old notebook, like I save all my notebooks. I found a notebook from when I was like 19. And there were jokes in there that were so bad, like, and reading it written, you know, it goes. And a lot of my jokes early on were like, I don't know. I'm just, and so it was like, I don't know why my goldfish died. I put it in a tank.do beat top A tank top. Yeah. Sure. Do you have a a, a set time each day that you dedicate to, alright, I'm gonna stare at the wall. I'm gonna think of stuff. Yeah. I can write down for possible performance or script or whatever it is.


Or do you just kind of just let stuff happen to you and you always have a little thing in your pocket and you could be at a red light, you can think of something and you write it down? Mostly the latter. Yeah. When I'm my best self, I do. Sometimes I'm just sitting in a chair and it really is like, I remember someone calling me and I was just sitting in a chair in my room and that they're like, what are you doing? And I'm like, working, working. And I know I was being defensive, but I do feel like a lot of it is just sitting, you know? Yeah. Stillness. If you can, I thought about the title for your memoir. If you haven't got one already, and I want you to consider, Okay. Goldfish in a Tank top. That does sound like a comedians Sounds great.


Doesn't It sound like a comedian? That would be great. You have to put the ellipses in between tank and top. Goldfish in a tank. Dot dot. Yeah, you're right. Turn page flip over top And then in parentheses, get it Right Upside down, question Mark. LOL, jk. Jk. Jk jk, Jk jk. As far as the eye can see. So I have to ask the cliche question to another funny person. Like, what do you like favorite food? What the fuck happened to you as a kid that made you funny? Well, I mean, I think I was extremely, her suit. You know, I was growing up in New Hampshire. Really? I didn't know Jews. I didn't, you know, I didn't go to like, a lot of people go, oh, all the bar mitzvah season and all that stuff.


I didn't have any of that. Yeah. Like, my parents are atheist. They call themselves agnostic. To be more polite or Jewish to be even more polite. Polite. Yeah. But like, there weren't Jews. So we, like my sister says, we thought being Jewish just meant being a Democrat. 'cause that's how we were different in New Hampshire, you know? But I, I think because of that I was like, I was really hairy too. And Wow. Yeah. Like my dad goes, you know, you want your dad to just think you're so beautiful. And he does. But he would, because like in high school, he goes, if you wanna spend a summer getting electrolysis, I'll pay for it. And I was like, why would I do that? Jesus, no, nevermind.


Oh, right. He really just meant it to be nice. But then I think he was horrified. 'cause I was like, why would I do that? We should be acknowledging this, by the way. I'm Sorry. We will, you know, you don't need to do the brain scratcher anymore. Why? Why would You do that? Yeah, I wanna do thorough. Did they just stick a thing up your nose for the Yes, The shallow ones are thorough as so is the saliva one now? I mean, if it Doesn't, dude, if it doesn't hurt, if there's no pain, then it's not fucking valuable. Have you not learned that lesson in life? That that's Your father? That's my dad said right before You, my dad was right when he said, God, you're stupid. What the fuck is wrong with you? You'll be nothing. You're not listening to your crying. Right. In between the times that he never told me he loved me in my Life.


Know it's interesting about that. So you know how that like, makes people go into show business. Like, my mom only, she just read People magazine and she didn't look up from it. She didn't come to my games. She didn't, you know, so it's like, I think a part of me wanted to get into People Magazine. You know what I mean? Right, right. Yeah. And I think all of us have. I'm sure that, yes. Sarah, you mentioned that your parents didn't go to your game. My dad did. What game? What sport did you play? Every Sport. I, I was, you know, listen, it, I'm not bragging. Oh, tell us. I was a fast pitch pitcher for the state of New Hampshire. No. Wow. Come on Of softball. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And not to minimize it.


So, and you know, and I played soccer and I played basketball. I still play basketball, although I haven't since COVID. And now I'm like, do I still play basketball? Because like, my bones are so rickety now. But when you do play, it's, you're not going down to like the local park and doing a pickup game. You have an organized game or a bunch of your friends get together. I have gone to pickup games and I do play pickup games, but the two games I've been playing out here for the past couple years, I, I don't know anyone there outside of that game. Like, I don't, What's the difference between a pickup game and a game? It's all strangers. Yeah. You just show up and you say, Hey, I, I wanna play.


All right, well maybe I'll sign up for one. Yeah. But the last time I played outside, I played with this guy, we smoked pot together, you know, he was adorable. Whatever. Thank you. And then we were all playing and then at the end of the game, we finish and that guy had left a little early. He had taken like five different people's car keys No Way. And then pressed them to see what went boop boop. And then got in one and stole one of the guy's cars. Wow. Wow. This is, this is the cute stoner. He He's all, he's all stoned up. He's all weed up. Yeah. Well, I like to smoke pot when I play basketball because I become incredible or terrible. But it's a grab bag. I'm willing to, oh, Hang on, hang on. We'd love to get you to repeat that for a PSA If we could real quick just, Hi, I'm Sarah Silverman.


You know, when I play basketball, I feel marijuana enhances my game or puts me into a ball. But either way it's worth the risk. But you also like to smoke it when you're not playing basketball. I like to have a puff at night and That's nice. Sure. A little night. Night. Puff puff. Mm. Now do you follow professional basketball? Are you a Laker fan? You know, I like watching it. I mostly like watching like a close game in the last half, last quarter. Right. I'm not, I don't have like a team that I'm obsessed with or something. It's tough to watch the first three quarters. I Like any underdogs. I mean, but then again, I also like the Warriors just 'cause I love Steve Kerr and Yeah. You know, he's cool. And I like the Lakers and I like the Celtics, but only just 'cause of various reasons.


So Sarah, your your, your resume is so crazy because not only are you incredible standup, but you've been part of some just great memorable shows. You know, SNL iconic shows, I should say SNL Mr Show, Larry Sanders. I mean, it's incredible that you got to be part of all these things that, for somebody like me were shows that really, that that really kind of, Are you gonna cry? I I'm trying to keep it together. Just gimme a second. I'm trying to fucking Cry. Jesus, you just broke it. No, I'll never get there. No, I'll never get there. But, but these are shows that like, you know, Mr Show and, and Larry Sanders were, they showed me, I was like, oh wait, I wanna do that kind of shit.


Yeah. They're like comedy Gold shows. Oh my God. Yeah. Like you like Yeah. Set the standard, the Gold center. I mean, I got to be on all of those are iconic shows that I had nothing, you know, I was like zeig, I just got very lucky and ended up in not true. I'm not being modest. I just, you know, I didn't, I had nothing to do with creating the, you know, I mean, but yeah, it is, it's, I've been in a lot of like very culty. Yeah. Yeah. Star Trek Voyager. I know. I love that. Wait, what was your time like at SNL and and do you watch it now? Yeah, I watch it. I watch it and I'm a fan of it. When you take the pause out in post? No, No, no, no. I mean, it's, I had the year that was there I would never wanna take back. It was like hard and it was long and it was frustrating and, you know, but I got along with everybody, you know, and yeah.


And stuff. It was really a different time. You know? I mean, it was, I mean, they didn't have computers. Like we wrote our sketches on legal pads and gave it to a room of typists. Right, right. Wow. Well, how did you like living in New York? I love New York. Yeah. Yeah. I moved there when I was 18. I love New York. I love just walking through the streets. Do you wish you still live there? Why do you Because I'd love to live there, but I have to live here for, for other reasons. I'd Love to live there too. But I, I mean, the last time I had an apartment there, it was $450 a, you know, I lived on a five floor walkup where I, you know, I, I we, there was a guy who lived on our floor. We had our own bathroom.


But it was a building that had a lot of like padlocked bathrooms in the hallway that the apartments shared. It was a real dark kind of place. Yes. Yeah. And then this guy who just got out of prison lived in on our floor. And my roommate and I were walking downstairs and he was walking behind us with a friend and he dropped a box of bullets. Bullets were just running down our legs, running through our legs down the stairs. And neither of us acknowledged it. We just acted like it was not happening. We were so scared. That's hilarious.


If you're driving right now, look around all those cars you see. Yeah. They're all probably on Autotrader dot com. Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars. Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Okay. No flying cars yet. But as soon as those get invented they'll be on Autotrader. Did you know that more people visit Autotrader to shop for cars? Not only do they have supercharged search features, Autotrader has Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet from credit scores to down payments to interest rates. Car buying requires a lot of math. My Wallet on Autotrader helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So you never have to do car math again. You're welcome. So whether you're into timeless classics or the latest trends, did somebody say solar powered, eco-friendly, self-driving car? Or whether you want something practical with no surprise costs. If you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.


The sales are sizzling at Whole Foods Market just in time for the 4th of July weekend. Fire up the grill with savings on robust, no antibiotics ever. Steaks. And there's more. Look for sales on meaty pork chops made in-house salmon burgers and sustainable wild cot, sockeye salmon filets. Get it all with same day delivery or free pickup restrictions. Apply. Shop everything you need for 4th of July and beyond at Whole Foods Market. In store and online


At Cap Compelling University. You can learn at your own pace with our FlexPath learning format. Take one or two courses at a time and complete as many as you can in a 12 week billing session with FlexPath. You can finish the bachelor's degree you started in 19 months. And under $19,000, a different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu. Fastest 25% of students cost varies by pace transfer credits and other factors. Fee supply.


Sarah, who do you find absolutely hilarious. Like either growing up or now, like who you're just like, oh my God, I can't get enough of blank. 'cause they're so funny. So many people I know. If I start off, have you seen Kate Burland? She's incredible. I love Take Nataro. I love Takes Great Zach Gki. I love Kyle Dunnigan. This guy Kyle Dungan, he's a, he just, you know, they're people that just make you. Yeah. You know, or like Zach Zach's like that for me. Zach kills me. Yeah, yeah. Kills me. So funny. And then he is just got this huge heart too. And you know, he's just like a good, such a solid, lovely person. And he's so funny. You know, that's, I Like What about back in the day, somebody who made you laugh that, well I guess you can't really say who made you laugh back then, but based on how your sense of humor has changed now, kind of doesn't, I mean, there's certainly television shows and movies that I thought were funny back then that I would watch today and go, oh no, that doesn't hold up.


Or, or my sense of humor's just changed. Yeah. I mean, I've gone so many directions. Like my friend Mark Cohen, years ago when I first started, he put a nickel on his head and say Jewish Ash Wednesday. And I cried 'cause I was so sensitive. And then I went like 180 degrees, you know. But I'm the same inside, you know? But like, I was so upset by that, you know? Oh Really? Yeah. An example of how people change, people's tastes change and, and you kind of have, you find yourself trying not to factor that in when you're thinking of stuff that might be best suited for something that needs to appeal to a wide audience because the people who are financing this don't want it to appeal to a narrow audience.


Do you have to find That? Well, I, that's why I think I, I app, I des I I prefer to be niche. Right. You know what I mean? Like it there. Yeah, Yeah. You know, it's, there's a lot of rules in the mainstream. Right. That's why I'm doing this podcast now. Yeah, yeah. And called the Sarah Silverman podcast. And the one cool thing about it is like, even if you're on cable or streaming or something, I mean, you can really say anything. Yeah. I think I said fuck way too many times in the first few episodes because I felt so free. Right. Yeah. And you have to have the kind of get those same lessons that you have when you do standup where it's like, now it's just gratuitous.


It's lost any power. It isn't cool. You're using it as a crutch. But I had to kind of learn it over again. 'cause I was suddenly so excited to get to say anything I wanted that I was like, fucking this and fucking that aint listen back. And I was just like, aye. Yay. What? I always thought you did such a great job of doing. You do it when you were like on a panel, like on a, your guest on a talk show or whatever. You found ways to, I, I think a lot of people you were for a long time considered kind of like dirty or you would do, you would dress jokes up. You, you never knew what you'd Trojan horse like. You'd come in and you'd, you'd dress it up and be kind of super bright about it, and then the punchline would be really dark. And you found a way to constantly kind of, going back to Sean, I feel I sound like an old man.


Like you were edgy, but you found ways to push the boundary and you didn't necessarily swear, but you did not shy away from making jokes that, that were hit really hard. I never felt dirty. Like everyone would be like, she's a putty mouth and she's dirty. And I, I guess I am, but like, I never feel that way. 'cause I was raised in a house where you used just the words weren't taboo, you know? Right. So it's, it's not like, I swear a lot. Really? Yeah. It's more like I use technical language or explicit maybe, you know? Yeah, Right. You didn't say, you didn't say fuck a lot, you didn't do that at all. Like, you found a way to bring people to a punchline that was potentially really, they hadn't heard it before and it was kind of dangerous and you were kind of pushing the boundaries.


Can I, can I ask you this? So are there any kind of, Jason asked you if you want to do like a drama or anything like that, but are there any like, comedy people for reels that you would want to work with? Or comedy directors that you think like, oh, I could, you know, I, I haven't done a lot of comedy. Well, this is the thing is the things I've been in, in comedy, like in movies, it's like, this has changed a lot. But since, you know, it's the Angry Girlfriend Right. Or the angry roommate or the sleaze bag executive or, but it's like, So I go after a while, I go, I just don't even wanna be in comedies because the access I have to comedies is, I, I can't be a comedian in a comedy playing a straight role.


It doesn't, it's stupid of me. It doesn't, I don't make money from doing movies. I lose money making movies. Of course. Yeah. Of, of course. I get the least amount of money. I can't be on the road. You know? So that's why it's like dramas or something where I'm in like someone else's domain is, it just makes sense. I just wanna play out. If I'm in a comedy, I wanna be funny in it. Right? Yeah. And otherwise, you know, I just wanna do interesting things, you know? I like acting, but I like doing everything Sarah. I, I don't even know where to go. I mean, we could talk to you all day. It's so fun having you here. We've Been talking for so long. I can't doing, I'm so sorry. We've taken a lot of your time and Very generous. I I'm so happy to be just seeing you and talking to you.


Likewise. But we'll wrap it up. Let's someone wrap it up. We're gonna Wrap it up. But, but we're gonna say you're an absolute delight. You are a, you're a comic Titan. I'm gonna say that. I find you to be so fucking consistently hilarious. You've made me laugh so many millions of times. So thank you. Royalty. Yeah. Royalty. Doesn't it make you feel old? I remember when Joan, when you'd go, oh, Joan, you're a legend. She'd be like, fuck you. I'm still vital. You know, like, like it makes you feel done. Yeah. I, the next thing I do, you know how like your agent will go, Ooh, but we got with or, and for the credits, and you go, who cares? Why is that a thing I want and introducing That's really Sure.


I want them to fight for that. My thing I keep going to is I'm asking my my, I'm like, I wanna fight for in advance, fight for my position in the in memoria segment on like the Emmys and stuff. I get, oh, I'm already working on my re I want to get the final Yeah. Final Card. Yeah. Fuck. And I wanna bring down the fucking how Do you know the song will, do you know the song you want please? $5 Foot Loin. Five Five Foot Lo. I love that fucking Song. We love you, Sarah. Thank You Sarah. Bye Sarah. Thank you. Bye Sarah. You Bye Sarah Silverman. Bye. Thanks so much.


So funny. Always, you know, there's that gross word again, but always edgy, dark. Like she's the kind of comedy you choose when you really want to. It's like truth comedy, you know? Yeah. I always thought of her and she's one of the cool kids. Like, she was just so funny in such a great real like way, you're like, shit man, I just don't wanna fuck up around her. Yeah. She's so funny. You know, that's how I always, she's, I don't wanna be unfunny at any moment. Yeah. I don't wanna be a fucking loser. Shit, you guys, you're so stupid to even think that. And then I just don't even get outta my car. I'd Love to go see her do standup. I don't think I've ever, I saw her do A stand, A stand up at the improv in Melrose and her opening joke was about rape.


Yeah. I mean, just to sort of drop the flag Yeah. And say, here, here it comes. Yeah. So yeah, you have to be a fan and, and be open minded. But I am, and I'm a huge, huge fan. Well, I think, you know, and she made such a great point. You, she's made a lot of jokes that like has taken people aback over the years or whatever, but she's right. It's all about intention and her intention is good. She's a good person and she's going the right direction. And she wants, I think that, that sometimes she has to make jokes like that to kind of shed light on the other side. And that's her style. Yeah. And I, I love it. I respect it. And she's got a new podcast, the Sarah Silverman podcast and it is great.


Of course I've heard it. It's fantastic. Yeah, It's super good. And she's a stone cold babe. Yeah, she is. She's stone cold babe. She's Babe, she's a stone cold babe. And you know what the third thing is? Can we say that? Yeah, we can say that. The third thing is Smart, smart. Less


Summer's coolest mattress deals are going on now at Ashley's Stars and Stripe Sale this summer, save up to a thousand dollars on select mattresses and say goodbye to hot sleep and save up to $500 on the best selling temper breeze collection. Plus, feel the freedom to snooze now and pay later with 0% interest until 2030 on in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card. Better sleep starts at Ashley, Subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. See store for details.


Busy work weeks can leave you feeling drained. ProLon five day nutrition program rejuvenates you at the cellular level with boxes labeled by day so you know exactly what to eat. Developed at USD's Longevity Institute. ProLon supports biological age reduction metabolism, skin health, and fat loss when combined with proper exercise and nutrition. Get 15% off plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe@prolonlife.com slash pandora promo. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. Products are not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent disease. See site for details.