
Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove these painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


Rosetta Stone's immersive lessons guide you to think in a new language from day one. There's a reason why Rosetta Stone has been a leader in language education for over three decades. So I'm gonna check in with Scotty about his goals using Rosetta Stone to learn German, and I need to sit down with him and set goals because I can't wait till he starts speaking in German. I think that's really, it's one of the greatest languages in the world. I could riff on that for a while, but I'll just get back to the call to action. Today's SmartLess listeners can take advantage of Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/ SmartLess. That's 50% off unlimited lifetime access to 25 language courses@rosettastone.com slash SmartLess.


While Hilton is always expected to have top notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the stay.


Hey Will. Hello there. Hey, Sean. Will you got some real sweaty pits today? I know. Yeah. Are you concerned about anything or are you just nervous? I am nervous. I'm nervous. I just took a lie detector. Oh. Oh, wow. And yeah, what was the result? I'm a liar. Anyway, this episode is gonna be great. Yeah. We're gonna work out some truth. Yep. It's an all new SmartLess. Smart, Smart, smart. Less Hot mic.


Hot mics. Hot mics. Hi. Hot mics. Hi. Hey. Hi. Hot mics. Hot mics. So this picks of all your hot mics. Post them on our page. I'd love to take a look at all your hot mic. Look at, he's so tired. He is Still got it. So tired. Still got it. So Tired. Sean, you had a hot bob once, didn't you? I had a hot you. I had a hot totie, a hot bob and a hot mic. You ever had a hot Bob haircut? Yeah, you did. On the whatchamacallit Stooges film. I had that shelf haircut in the eighties where you cut it, of course, short in the back. Did You really? Yeah. You probably, That sounds very Depeche mode. It's total, it's TDM Total Depeche mode. I used to, I had like, like kinda long and then it's short in the back.


Ew. You had it like covering one of your eyes. Yeah. Just kind of like coming, you know? Yeah. Archie's kind of got that right. Your oldest son there, listener. He's got, he's got a little bit of a, what? What's that? Kinda looking through his hair. Yeah. Well now it's kinda long. All, all around. What's that? Yeah, that's a, what's that haircut? Yeah. What's that? Yeah. What's, I can't hear you. 'cause my hair is blocking my eyes. Not my ears. Richard Erlich. Yeah. The last thing he says to himself before he leaves. What's that? What's that? Yeah. Yeah. Our, our buddy Richard, I love him. The most incredible real estate broker in the world. He's so good. If you're, if you're looking to buy a home in Los Angeles area, yeah. Please contact, especially on the west side of Los Angeles area. Tricky. Dicky Ricky Erlich. Richard Erlich is your guy. Yep. He's amazing. And he's also a, he's an, he's an OG super fan of SmartLess.


Yeah. Yes. So hello to Richard. If you're listening to Richard, I Richard's got a, Richard's got, I may have bored you with this before. He's got a, he's got a mirror face like we all do. But he's got a, he's got a trigger sentence that that launches that mirror face. You know, everyone's got a face that they, what's a mirror face in? Well, when you look in the mirror, when you wanna look your best, like one last look to go out, you kind of maybe tighten up the eyes, you maybe turn your head a little bit of The fonts had a Right. That was Exactly right. The mirror. So what, what Richard does to prompt the mirror look he's looking for is he pretends that he is asking someone for directions. Right? He's pulled up in his car next to someone walking their dog maybe, and he is asked them directions And they give him the directions and he looks forward over steering wheel.


And then he figures, well wait, maybe I didn't hear it correctly. And then he'll turn to his left to the person and he'll go, it's where, And so it's where the combination of the turn and the question will tighten up the eyes just enough and give him just enough disdain to look sexy. It's Where it's where Yeah. That's a good, that's a good red carpet. Like photo, Photo, sexy disdain. That's the new one, right? Yeah. Sexy Distain. He never looks hotter than what he says. It's where, Which is so crazy because he's such a nice guy. He's a nice guy. He's crazy. He is nice looking. But I know he is, but he just is not good with directions. Sean, good morning. Yes. Good morning to you. What have you done so far today?


Aside from putting on some SmartLess swag I see there on your body. You know, he is always wearing SmartLess shit. He is. Will like, like we're televising this and he's helping move merchandise. No, I Rare because I really like, I I sleep in it. Mm. Yeah. He sleeps in it. And Sean, what was the sleep, what was the sleep sketch last night? Because you have a weird, you wake up in the night and then you go back to bed early in The morning. Yeah. I go to bed at about midnight. I get up at about 3:00 AM Yeah. I stay up until about six or seven. Then I fall back asleep for a couple hours and I'm good to go. And then, and then I need like a then 10 minute And I, And then I'm good to go. Yeah. Total chaos. And then I'm good to go.


It is total chaos. I'll send you emails at three or four in the morning. I know, I know. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. Don't start doing well By the way. I love the way your impression of me just has the dumbest look on your face. Oh, I know. You know what we've done here, Sean, though. We've, we've, we've, we've, we've boosted up young Willie Willie started this. I know. See he started, he started a pod a little bit down. Yeah. A little bit outta sorts. Yeah. And then there's just a little bit of love. And now the the wings are flapping. Yeah. Alright. Tighten up guest. Here we come. Today we have a guest who's a giant in many categories. She's a titan in music. Oh. Acting, producing, philanthropy, business and social media.


If you wanted to describe a person who's uniquely suited to soar in today's media and cultural systems, you would simply say her name. I think I know. She's a Grammy, Emmy, sag, golden Globe and Critics Choice, nominated musician, actress and producer. Her music is amassed 34 billion streams globally. She's got a movie coming out, a Tina show that's already on Love this person and a company that exceeds 300 million in sales annually. Oh my God. And when she's not running those things, she's keeping up with her 428 million followers on Instagram. I know what else needs to be said. Guys, please welcome the lazy, unaccomplished unmotivated and perpetually failing Miss Selena Gomez.


Woo. Wow. Woo Woo. Oh, Oh boy. Wow. The unmotivated, Unmotivated, perpetually failing. It was so hard not to laugh. It was so hard. Wow. Oh my gosh. Selena. Hello. Hi. Hi guys. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy is you're here. This is a very nice thing you're doing for us and our listeners. Oh, no, This is more my thing. I'm so happy. It's pretty cool of you. If, If we didn't know, it looks like you were lying in bed in sheets. Mm. We have an over shot. Oh, yes. Well, that is my beautiful background that I made for you guys because I It's very figured that would be better than you're Keeping listeners, listener. She's got just a sheet draped over just a bunch of dead bodies behind you.


Yeah. Perhaps what it Is. Good work. Thanks. Yeah. Nice segue into murders. Only Murder, so. Oh, yeah. Well, we're gonna get to that. We're gonna get to that. So, Selena, where do we find you this morning? Are you in Los Angeles? I am. I am home right now. And I just had my coffee and Yep. What time do you usually get up every morning? I'm a six 30 guy. I'm about 7, 7 30. Are there animals to feed? Yes. I have two dogs. You do What kind? They're little monkey poos. They're pretty annoying, but cute. Two The same. Is that 'cause your body gets you up at seven or are you just like, use No, my body does. I, I think I, I don't know, for some reason, maybe the show or something, it's just embedded in me or that I'm automatically up and then I feel like a piece of shit if I wake up at like 10.


Sure. Yeah. Right. Even though those are nice. What is that about the body that'll just wake you up at the same time every single day? Circadia rhythm. Circadia rhythm Marveling at the body. Look at this Guy. Yeah. And then if you just the wonder and, and then if you point your eyes at something, it tells your brain what you're seeing. It's just So much Discovery Miracle. You're like a, you're like a one man Spielberg movie. Just the Wonderman of guys. If you put d put in front of another, you'll just end up moving forward. That's incredible. All right. So Salia with these two dogs, they're Maltese mal poos. Yeah. So, so that's a combo, right? Yes. That's a mix.


They're very cute. They're, They're brother and sister. No, they are. I got them at two different times. But they definitely don't act like brother and sister. No rescue Is purebreds. We can cut that if you want. No, no, no. I actually not afraid to say during CI was very scared and lonely and I found one on Craigslist. Yeah. Yeah. Because the mom was like, wait, we had babies have Craigslist babies and we don't dunno what to do. Yeah. Yes. They were like, we don't know what to do. Our dog had puppy, so I was like, I'll take one. Clear out for a joke. Go ahead, will. No, no, no, No, no. It actually was really sketchy though. They like drove in from Vegas and like rolled the window halfway down and then passed me the dog and wanted the cash.


I was like, All right. My, my mom Is happy And I did have a bad experience. I did have a bad experience once come this guy posted on Craigslist and he said, who wants for a hundred bucks? You want to come out, check out these, these puppies? And let me say, when I got to his house, it was not Dogs A dog. It Was not dogs. Come check out These puppies for a hundred bucks. Okay. Thank you Will. Thank you. You rest again. Alright, let's Will's tell you got literal Sprinting In your own mouth. We're a little slappy this morning. Sorry. We're super loppy.


Slappy. Selena. Isn't it better to get this over with than, than than an afternoon? No, No. I actually don't mind this. This is a great way to start my day. You guys are making me laugh. Well keep your knees bent. It's not over yet. We'll, we'll let you revisit that at the end to see if you still love it. Okay. Alright. Now, Selena, you're incredibly accomplished. You started very young. I wanna know, so you started with acting? Yes. Because mom was an actor and Got you kind of interested in that Question mark. Yeah. She actually never pressured me or said that's what I should do. She just did a lot of theater growing up. Yeah.


So she never really did anything television wise. And I was seven when I got my first job because I was only child super dramatic. And I was like, I'm so capable of this. Right. And I, I did kind of all It takes. I but it, but it worked. And I've just been working ever since. And I was this Barney And I really lucky that was Barney the perfect. That's crazy. You were in Barney, started with Barney. Yes. Yep. That's, that's a pretty red, The guy who played Barney, he he was pretty hot. Was he? Was he? Yeah, he was hot. He had to be like fit and like cute because he is wearing this like, well, he doesn't have to be cute, but He was hot Barney. Hot Barney. This Is changing everything.


That's a new doc. So he was a plushie. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry, Sean. What was that? This quick for Tracy? Really quick, Just break it down. Does Tracy need to know this? Does she wanna know what a plushie is? Hot Plushie. It's like a fetish where people dress up in like costumes and stuff. Right? Never heard familiar. I heard you guess. What do you mean write? Think You don't need to say write question mark to us. Yeah. Like we're gonna verify write or something or, or something, or That Is correct, Sean. All right. So we're with Barney and we're having fun on that. And then from there, how, how did that happen there? Did that happen? How did that, how did Barney happen? I really want know. It Was, yeah, it was like a little like thing, But I, I was in line with 1400 people on a hot Texas day and my mom was like, are you sure you wanna do this?


I was like, yeah. Mom was like, I'm fine. Because because you knew what TV was and you thought it'd be cool to be on tv. Yeah, I was. I mean, my mom wasn't very intense about what I could watch. So I Would stay up and watch friends with her and Will and Grace and Oh, that was like what I grew up with Barney and Will and Barney and Willing Grace for the longest time, by the way, on my bio on Instagram says, I love Will and Grace. No Way. That's so sweet. For like a solid year. And then everyone was like, can you maybe change that? I was Like, that's very sweet. Did you ever see the episode where, where Will Was in a dance off? No, she didn't. With Sean. Janet Jackson. With Janet Jackson. You did. I was a backup guest.


I played a backup dancer with Janet Jackson. Oh, that's right. And then Karen got mad because she fell for you. And Yes. I, I remember. Yes. Oh my God, you really are a fan. I am. Wait, will I remember you snapping those moves? I think I was there that night, right? You were there that night. You really know how to finish a move. Remember How really Hard? But we were so tired and, and Jimmy's like, okay, let's do it again. And I looked at John And I'm like, fucking do it again. Five, Six. But, but Selena, do you know, just as a, as a Willa Grace super fan, you know that we, there's a podcast that Sean does called Just Jack and Will, that he does with Eric McCormick? No, I do know. I actually do know. And I, I remember like, my friend sent me the link because she knew that I was obsessed And I had no idea.


No way. Yeah. It was Sean, did you know that Selena Gomez was such a huge Will and Grace fan? I did, because I'm really good friends with Marty Short. Oh yeah. And then we chatted on the phone, me and Selena chatted on the phone like a year ago or something, and you were like, oh my God. And I was like, oh my God, I'm a big Fan of yours. I know. I freaked out. I, And I, My god, my, and she was like, Shut ups, cute guys. Le I'm a huge fan of it. That's kind of a bit of a, a meet. Cute. No, I'm very, I'm very excited. I I grew up likewise. Grew up with you, so Me too. And I grew up with you now. 53. 53 of All right. So we do, we're we're, we're we're galloping along with, with acting. We've got the Barney under our belts. Sure. We'll move into Waverly Place. Yes. My Disney show.


Yes. And, and a few other jobs here in and there. And things are really moving and cooking. Cooking. Yeah. And then there's a cooking show later. We're gonna get to that. But when did music start to start to tap you on the shoulder and say, Hey, come this way. Well, I think that Disney is, it's safe to say they're a machine And they kind of, in a way, not forcefully required that I know how to sing. So I could sing like the theme song. Like they know how to package someone and like make it a, like a whole triple threat thing. This was happening during Waverly? Yeah. So they, they asked me to do the theme song And I had fun with that.


And then they were like, would you like to do an album? And I thought it would be fun. And I thought more than anything it would be like a hobby that I really enjoyed and then wanted And how old are you at this Point? I wanted to be a serious actress. I was 15. Okay. And I wanted to be an actress. I'd never really intended on being a singer full-time, but apparently that hobby turned into Yeah, you're doing All right. Something else now. Did you, did you have any idea that you could sing before you tried it? Yeah. Well, I was on Barney and Do I love you? You love me? Well, that's not, it's not very challenging and, you know, It warmed up my vocals. Okay. All right. There you go.


And then, and then because of that, did you take like, singing lessons and, and developed your instrument as they say? You know, I did. I don't think I'm the best singer, But I think I Would know how say that to tell stories. And I, I love being able to make songs that, you know, I get more like a, I always get people coming up to me saying, I had no idea it was you that was singing that song. And that kind of makes it feel nice. It makes to me that I feel like it's just about the song Then. I mean, wizards of Waverly Place was a gigantic hit show. Yeah. Yeah. I miss it. You Do? I wanna say my sister wrote on that for a second. Really? But she was a writer on that. Maybe I, I might not be remember, But it was, it was a blast.


Like, I will say yes. That's why I love sitcom. Would You say you have a good Memory, Jason? No, not really. Okay, Wayne, we're gonna get right back to you, but Selena, I wanna, the It's will actually, so what is it? It's Will. Thank you, Scott. So guys, the bits I love the bit. I love it. We'll be right back.


This new year is here. And if you need to hire for your business and want an easier way to find qualified candidates, head to ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter Smart technology starts showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. And they powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. You can also invite top candidates for your job to apply and encourage them to apply sooner. Here's to a new year of hiring made easier with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash sm a rt LESS ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to Hire.


This is a paid advertisement from BetterHelp. Guys, what do you want your 2025 story to be? What do I want my 2025 story to be? I want mine filled with kindness and success for everyone. And gratitude above everything. Gratitude for the big things in life and the little things in life. I think it's important to wake up every single day and find at least one thing that you're grateful for. So every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live as the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Write your story with BetterHelp. Our listeners Get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ SmartLess.


Sick and tired of traditional old workout gear. Discover Vuori Vuori products are designed to work out in, but also to look great in everyday life outside of the gym. Vuori makes super comfy and versatile apparel that can be used for running training, swimming, yoga, or just lounging around for both men's and women's items. You'll love. You need to check out the Dream Knit Collection. The dual gender dream knit collection is great for stretching and lounging and has the perfect items to wear for low impact workouts. The dream knit collection is made with special dream knit fabric, which is moisture wicking made from 89% recycled materials and has four-way performance stretch. The Ponto Performance Jogger is a great jogger for men. While women will love the Performance jogger, I know people say this, But I actually really am wearing Vori shorts right now. I have the Ponto short in Heather Gray. And not only do I feel confident if somebody knocks on the door and delivers something to, And I open, I'm like, yeah, I'm wearing Vuori. What, what's it? What's with it? Yeah, I'm in shorts. What's the problem? Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's vu OR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions and now back to the show.


Alright, so then you know that you can kind of sing a little bit and, and the music starts to take off. Like, I guess what I'm asking is at what point was the acting and the music at the same level? Yeah. And you kind and you thought, do I have to pick or should I try to keep both these things going at the same speed? I started having a lot of fun with music and then touring was really fun, but I was doing my TV show at the same time and it, it wizards And I just, I found it really fun, so I just kept going. But the older I get, the more I'm kind of like, I, I Would like to find something to just settle on.


Yeah. Well, it's exhausting, right? I mean, that sounds like super. That's so hard. I I I just think about the energy. That's such an old, Oh my God. I went to a mental institute and canceled one of my tour. Like really? Yeah, Because because of too much work. It was So exhausting. Yeah. Oh my God. It just got to me. 'cause I, I love working and it distracts me from bad things And I like that. So I just like working. I was just, I was just saying that this morning, by the way, it reminds me of my 3-year-old Denny. He, he calls lizards 'cause he can't say Ellie, he calls 'em wizards. So he's always like, we, so he's always like, we just up you, there's a wizard in the backyard. God, I hope he's right. I really hope there's a wizard in the backyard Because I wanna talk to him.


Talk to. But wait, but Selena, you, you're saying that in a perfect world you would pick either one or the other going forward. Well, I, I do feel like I have one more album than me, but I Would, I Would probably choose acting. You would? Yes. God damn. You're so great at music though. Yeah. Well, thanks. Yeah. I mean, listen To you. Here's the good news. You don't have to pick. Don't have to pick. Yeah, You right. You don't have to pick. But I am gonna wanna chill 'cause I'm tired, But I, yeah, I mean reading through, I I can tell you we've had some very accomplished people on this show. Thank you listeners, for making it a place where accomplished people want to come. I have never read so much information about a guest than, than I have about you.


I mean, it's unbelievable these things you have done in your, I mean, you're just barely 30, aren't you? 31. I mean, it's, it's just so admirable what you've done. Even it's mind blowing in philanthropy and in in in in in, in global sort of charities and, and being in what a UNICEF ambassador, Is that right? It was a UNICEF ambassador and now I have my own foundation. Yeah. It's just stunning. And we haven't even gotten to Rare Beauty, this, this, this, this beauty company. The makeup company, what do you call it? Rare Beauty. Yeah. But I mean, what, what would you describe it as? A beauty company or a Yeah, I Would say cosmetics. Yeah.


You know, it's, it's been really fun, but we're actually starting to get into skin now. I know this is all girly stuff, but it, I'm excited. You're Talking about I'm wearing makeup right now. I mean Yeah, exactly. I I know. But, but it, but we are going into skin now. It, it's about three years old and it's honestly been the biggest gift. 'cause I, I launched it during Covid and it just took off And I couldn't be more thankful. It's like, Did you launch it during Covid because you had time to finally, 'cause you weren't on tour and you weren't shooting. You're like, now I have time to, to dedicate to this or, and it came, kind came up. Or was it something you always It sucked. I, I was supposed to release it like a month right into Covid.


So I had done all the promotion and everything. It's about to come out and then we figured, All right, we'll just try online. And I think makeup became really big during Covid 'cause people would do the videos And they would, you know, you know, create looks and it kind of just took off. And I, I am always like, like confused and, and just grateful. 'cause I've never been the type of person that want, I don't want to be or need to be the number one anything. And I think that's what my, my mom has instilled in me because I don't, I don't feel like anything's a competition, so I'm Right. I feel like there's room for everyone. For everybody. Yeah. I'm really proud. Do you think like it's, when you started Barney at seven and then Wizards and then all the, do you think that your work ethic and your drive and your ambition was instilled in you?


Or would've happened in any anyway? Oh, I don't know. I Would, I probably would've been a hot mess if I wasn't doing this. I already am, but I dunno. I dunno. I Mean, we obviously tell Us, obviously. Tell us how, I mean, Oh, I've been to like four treatment centers and Just 'cause of, because of depression, anxiety, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I'm bipolar as well. Yeah, Well you've Cherry on top And I Would say you've got an incredible cherry On Top dynamic head on your shoulders that takes a, a lot of management and an analysis. And it sounds like you're doing a pretty fricking good job. Thank You. No, Thank you. And I think, I don't know, Disney was like bootcamp, you know, they were definitely, you know, who Doesn't have problems, you know, who doesn't have problems?


Selena dummies, you know, I mean, it, it truly, I mean that's where you get that that is true. Blissful ignorance. That's where it comes from. That's where comes, you know, you need to be really smart to be complicated. Yeah. You And I, so Good for you. I'm, I don't know, I Can be a little, yeah, I think you're doing great. It's not getting in your way of, of your accomplishments. And you And I have talked a few times. You're incredibly nice. Thank you. So your, your, your personal success is, is fantastic as well, as opposed to your, your business success. So thank you. Whatever you're doing, keep going. I appreciate It. Yeah. Are you, are you super excited? So your, your mom, as you said, your mom is or was an actress and kind of that sort of paved the way for you to get into it and take it seriously and you're, you mentioned you're an only child.


Imagine you're pretty, still pretty close with your folks. Yes. And was that like, when you started to make that transition into becoming a, a star at a really young age, what was that dynamic like with your folks? Like how much did you rely on them to kind of be there and, and, and how has that relationship changed as you've gotten older? Did I mean, do you notice it? Yeah, I think when I was younger, my mom, I mean my mom was my mom. I was under 18, so I was getting invited to these events and stuff. And my mom from a very early age was like, you're gonna walk the carpet. Maybe we'll stay for five minutes, but then adult time's probably gonna happen. And, you know, it's like the Vanity Fair parties and all that stuff, right?


And so she was, she was always very protective of me, but it never really felt like it was suffocating. And she would always say the same thing to me. She said, the moment you stop having fun, stop. It's okay. You know, like, you, you don't need to just kill yourself over, you know, something if you're Not happy. Yeah. 'cause the hour, right. And the hours of, of people don't understand that the hours and hours and hours of work that it takes to do a TV show, a tour whenever it is or movie. It's just like for a kid, it's Hard enough to be a kid. I just think about my own kids and being, you know, young teenagers, my older boys And I'm just thinking of that. And Then the younger ones with the speech problems, you know? Right. With, I was looking for Wizards Wizard.


It, it's, it is like, it is like the, the idea and of, of them, like Sean, we were over there watching the movie the other night with Archie. Like, can you imagine Archie's 15 being on the road and working all the time? I think like, no, he wouldn't be able to, He wouldn't be happy is what Selena saying. It's tough, right? Yeah. I mean it's Tough. Yeah, no, it is. And the transition honestly happened around 25 where I didn't feel like I had to impress my parents more so. But my mom was also really cool 'cause right after Disney, she put me in a movie called Spring Breakers. Like she found that movie and it's, you know, very racy. Yeah, Right.


Very. But It fun. Yeah. And, and it wasn't, I mean I I, you know, I'm sure your mom was not strategic with, with grabbing that, nor were you. But I'm sure that there was some thought put into it where this would sort of broaden the public's idea about that which you can do and that which is fitting of, of when they think about you, she can do this, she can do that. And or was it just a part of like, well this is a little bit closer to who she's starting to become, not somebody who's, you know, My mom was a, a huge Harmony Corin fan, and she heard there was a script out. And so she is, she was interested in it.


And the character I play isn't as racy. So I was like 19 when I did it. And she just came up to me and she was, this will make no sense and you're probably gonna think I'm crazy, but just read this. And I read it And I don't know, I, I gravitated towards the character and then I met Harmony And I was like, oh, game over. He is just really cool. How did your mom have the sense to know good material from bad material or the right material? She's really great at that stuff. You know, we, we, she found the book 13 Reasons Why, which we turned into a TV show. So she randomly was at a bookstore and she was a young adult and found that and we developed it. She, she just has really nice taste, you know, And instincts.


Clearly. It's, yeah, she's really great. So I, I like to ask her advice on things. That's great's Awesome. Yeah. I love that. You guys are so close. Yes. You know, we can cut this part too, But I, I am fascinated and, and thankful for how outspoken you are about mental health. Yeah. Because I have somebody very, very close to me who I've had to deal with with it and not deal with it, but just like, help with it. Yes. And I was happy to help with it. And, but do you ever, and Will you, will you say thank you to him? You've never publicly thanked him? Well, No, I was gonna say the same thing. All jokes aside, Jason, you, Dick. I was gonna say, oh, not jk. I was gonna say, I like the way, I like the way that you're so open and frank about that, about mental health.


And I think that it's something that people luckily talk about more and more. But I think it's really refreshing to hear you talk about it in a way that's very just sort of matter of fact in. And I think it's really, yeah, it's great. I don't know, it shows real maturity and it, and it shows. I think it's very brave And I think it helps so many, so many people. The way that you talk, honestly in that way, I really did. It struck me. I think it's really remarkable. It Is. It's great because my mom, you know, died of Alzheimer's a long time ago. I forget when da da. And because I, this energy is over because it was so painful because it was so painful. I just, me and my sister and my family, we would, there's a point where you have to start making it funny.


Yeah. 'cause you've cried too much about it. So then you cut it with humor and the, I have the funniest, you know, Alzheimer's stories like ever because I lived through it and it was so tragic that, you know, my mom, we can cut this too, but my mom would go to the bathroom, she'd go number two in the toilet and I'd walk in there, I'd go, mom, you have to flush the toilet. She goes, I dunno who did that. I dunno whose that is. They came in here And I wasn't here. They went to the bathroom. Cannot prove that. That's mine. Did not prove that, that's mine. No way. And we would laugh because you, because it was past the point. So my question is, have you, me dealing with somebody with no. Have I taken a shit and forgotten? No, no, no.


Have you ever, No. Have you ever, like, have you ever just kind of infused humor into the whole situation? Definitely. I also have a few friends that are, you know, in comedy and writers. And it, it's, it's just fun, you know? And now me and my family are in a place where we can do that and Yeah. And I don't mind saying the things that I'm walking through And they can be fun And they can be messy. But yeah, I've always just because You that you take the power back. Yeah. I just knowing more, I feel better. And it gives so many people, myself included, you know, a little bit more comfort in the reality that I'm not, you know, I'm, I'm kind of broken upstairs.


Yeah. We all are. There, there are as many mental variables in all of us as there are physical ones. You can see the physical ones. Someone's taller, someone's shorter, someone's thicker, someone's thinner, someone's got bigger feet, smaller feet. Like there are, there are equal number of variables in the brain. And the fact that we've got medicine therapeutics, an environment that is tolerant of all of those variables nowadays, as opposed to back when our parents were our age. Yeah. Nothing. And Jason and Jason on top of that community, the idea that you're talking about it, it, it sheds a light and says, you're not alone. There's somebody else and somebody else can relate to that. And I identify with it. Yeah. Certainly I know from my own life.


And I can go, I can, somebody else says I have this. And I go, oh, And they talk about their experience And I go, oh, you have this too. And then we can talk about it in a way that, and, and that kind of really breaks it wide open. It definitely, it connects you as well. I mean that's why I released my documentary. It's all based on mental health, which Was incredible. Thank you So much. I haven't seen it. I'm so, forgive me, I'm I No pause, right? We're gonna watch it. No, I'm putting It on here. But it, but it ends well. I, I just, I think that's why I did the documentary. I was terrified before it came out And I had already signed the contract And I was like, damn, I can't go back. But that was a really big moment for me. And then I had people coming up to me not saying like, oh my God, can I have a picture?


They would say, I've dealt with depression or I've done this. Yeah. And then I end up having a connection with people. Yeah. I love that. Sometimes with all my health stuff. Like I've had a kidney transplant, I have high blood pressure. I, gosh, I have mental, mental health And I don't even know. I'm sure I have other problems that I'm not aware of. Yeah. I Love Talking about all that. But you can think about like a situation and say, why me? Why me? And instead it's given me the gift to say, oh, I know why it's me. I'm there for those people that are going through what I went through. And I can say, I hear you And I see you not just yeah.


Be in and say, my life's perfect, but I'm sorry. You know, it's like, yeah. Right. Well, I can be honest with you. I'm A big believer that, that the person upstairs or whomever's upstairs for anybody doesn't give you anything more than what you can handle. Yes. And so the fact that you've been given all of these gifts, challenges and that you're able to go through them so successfully in a public space such that you can give encouragement and support and, and to, to others is like, I mean, talk about using your years. Right. You know, we've talked about in the show before about, you know, when you, when you get to the end, you're gonna, we're all gonna look back and hope that we used our time correctly.


Definitely. I mean, the first 30 years of your life have been incredibly accomplished spiritually. It's like lives mentally. Thank you. Certainly. Yeah. I guess I guess the question really is saying now what? Yeah. You know, you're fixing your brain's better follow it up the world. Yeah. I don't know. I think I, it's pretty awesome. I just, I, I gravitate towards things I connect to and, and I'm all about authenticity. I can't really force myself to be anything other than who I am. And it's just, you know, luckily worked. It's So good. I bet your ability to recognize and attract those who are equally authentic is really keen too. You know, like I was just thinking when you're talking about the documentary, thinking about Alec Al Kian and, and, and his, his sister Elene, we both work with, I mean there people like that, like you probably have a great team around you, great friends around you, like all of us as we get older, you have less and less friends, but that's usually by choice.


Talk talk to us about your ability to kind of pick up on, on, on people's uniqueness and, and authenticity or lack thereof. Is that something you always had or is it just gotten sharper? No, Maybe it has gotten sharper, but ever since I was younger I had, I like to think I had good discernment with people And I could just sense when I felt that it was being forced or that there was something they were wanting or whatever. I just could feel that in a lot of people. And I mean, obviously I intro, I put some of those people in my life when I was younger and then I, you know, later realized. But most of my friends, like I said, they're, I mean, they can go from being a writer to, one of my friend is a real, one of my friends is a realtor.


So like I, I kind of Is That Richard Earli? I kind of just, it's not Richard Earli is it? No. Yeah. Well it's, it, it's, it's, it's like pe it's having people skills. Yeah. Right. And I wonder if, if you're like me, that's part of what has always attracted me to being an actor is 'cause I'm just fascinated with people. Yeah. And I really enjoy Yeah. Kind of reading people and seeing is this a person, is this person a match for me or not? Definitely. And I, I Would just wonder what that is Also, It's cur it's just staying curious. Right. The moment you stop being curious, then you, like Jason just said, you become one of those dummies. Yeah. Know Content. I love life And I love people And I, I find it really fun.


Yeah. Do you find that, which do you find is more cathartic for you? More sort of a, a, a a, a lane to explore and enjoy parts of you? Is it with playing different characters or, or, or being a songwriter? I think it's a little bit of both. I, I wrote this ballad called Lose You to Love Me and that was probably the most personal song I'd ever released about something that was on everyone's mind for some reason. Yeah. And then in acting, I feel like I, I have these moments in my life that have happened and I'm able to use that and it actually feels great and it feels, you know, like after a good cry or something, it's, yeah.


It's like a good feeling. And Is there something that you, I mean this is gonna be one of the dumbest questions you've ever gotten. Yeah. Is is there something with every single thing that you've done where you're just like, you know what, I've never done. I want, I need to do that before? Oh Yeah. I don't think I've even began like in a lot of areas. Like I, I, not necessarily cosmetics and stuff, but like I've said many times with you guys, I think acting like, I don't think I've been able to even touch the surface of what I know that I'm capable of doing and I'm very selective. Or else I'd be in all of the movies that I get offered And I just fight for my roles and I'm always auditioning so I like to earn it.


Yeah. Hmm. Good. That's great. We'll be right back.


There are people making the same amount of money as you to the dollar who are not stressed about money. You probably see them all the time talking about their latest vacation to some exotic destination or a parties in they freshly renovated Pinterest perfect homes. It makes you wonder how do they do it? Where does all of my money go with YAB? It goes wherever you tell it to. YA spelled YNAB is a life-changing money app that helps you give every dollar a job so that you know your hard earned money is going towards things you actually care about. The average Yap user saves $600 in their first two months and $6,000 in their first year. 92% of users report feeling less money stress since using Yap Yap doesn't just show you where your money went, it helps you tell it where to go so that you can build the life you want. Life is short. Spend it well with Yap SmartLess listeners can claim an exclusive three month free trial with no credit card required@y.com slash SmartLess.


This podcast is brought to you by Kleenex, lotion, tissues. You can't predict sick days, but with Kleenex lotion tissues, you can be better prepared for them while helping keep your skin healthy. Kleenex lotion, tissues moisturize to help prevent the added discomfort of red irritated skin While you are battling those unwanted cold and flu symptoms. It's extra care when you need it most. With lotion built into every tissue, your skin stays moisturized and healthy. Keep relief within reach. Grab Kleenex, lotion tissues to help avoid the added discomfort of irritated skin during cold and flu season. Why not have one less thing to worry about when you're not feeling your best? We all know life is unpredictable, but you can be prepared for that time of year when germs are going around by making sure you've always got Kleenex, lotion, tissues at the ready for whatever happens next. Grab Kleenex.


Hey guys, you wanna know an easy genius hack to improve your life, eat more Reese's Peanut butter cups. Sure there are countless life coaches, gurus and thought leaders out there, but none of them are sharing this simple secret. Eating a Reese's Peanut butter cup brings a burst of joy to your day. They've got the perfect ratio of sweet chocolate to salty peanut butter that's sure to satisfy. And there's no wrong way to eat one. It's all about whatever makes you happy. I should speak right. I love them. Shop Reese's Peanut butter cups now at a store near you found wherever Candy is sold.


And now back to the show. Something I've, I've sort of really gotten more and more passionate about is, is is not playing characters as much as just playing somebody that doesn't force me to, to do a lot of acting and play a character. I kind of like to be the audience and a lot of that comes from my desire to try to be as, as not full of shit as possible in my life and, and not be fake and phony. Right. And pretending to be other people. So I really like trying to be as authentic as I can. Do you have this a similar sort of battle when you think about acting because you're so, you're so good about being really you and being in your skin and being honest.


It does that run counter to the whole thing that we try to do as actors Kind of, But I, I just finished this movie, this Jaar Yard film and it's all in Spanish and it's a musical and it was one of the most challenging things that I'd done. Wow. That's Cool. But it's, it's really, what's it called Amelia Perez, I think that will come out next year. And I, but it's so Good. If you just said none of your business, I know none your business. I'm excited for that because there's, for example, there's the scene where I am being left. I'm not giving anything away. And I remember I channeled the moment when I had to go to rehab for the first time and leaving.


And I, And I remember I, I told my CoStar that's what I was feeling in the moment And I just felt like it was getting that out when I remembered that first moment and being terrified and that's Cool. So it felt really cathartic. Speaking of that, have you ever wanted to go to, you know what I'm gonna ask, go to the Broadway or do live theater and maybe you have I Haven't. I think I Would like to. I'm not sure I am there yet 'cause I think I'd still be a little nervous. Oh really? Yeah. After, after touring. And so you've already been like a stage performer. I Think it'd be easy. No, but it's, it's different. 'cause I love when I'm doing my concert 'cause it's like, oh these are my peeps, you know? Right, right. And like you feel comfortable, You feel safer.


Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Well, will you talk more about that? About about battling? 'cause like I get very nervous when I have to speak publicly. Like, I can't even give a toast. Really? He go, yeah, he goes white's. True. Yeah. But I have an enormous amount of confidence when it comes to other things that are going to be made for the public. Like in front of a camera. Right. For millions of people as opposed to 10 people at a dinner table. So I don't understand that about myself. The difference between having a lot of confidence or zero confidence that are yeahinteresting sort of similar things. Interesting.


How would 'cause Jay, because you're so well spoken in life, just, I mean clearly in life. That's why it blows my mind that anytime we're at like a dinner party or like two, three years ago, we are at your birthday dinner party at Richard's house. Yeah. And I said, let's go around the room and say how grateful how much we love Jason. And I'll start And I got up And I gave this little speech and it got to Ja and you were like, I'm out. I don't want any part of this. It's like, Yeah. But I, yeah. So how do you manage that? Like what is that switch that flicks for you when you can stand up in front of, you know, a hundred thousand people and give a concert or do a movie or a television show that's gonna be for millions of people versus it's a different fear maybe going out on a date for the first time or, yeah.


Or, or doing an interview for a magazine or what, whatever might give you anxiety. Do you know what that is? That, that different thing? 'cause I'm still trying to figure it out with myself. Well, I think when I was younger I had a very, very public life and it wasn't fair in a lot of ways that I got to the point so much so that I was like, if I don't talk about what's going on, everyone's gonna continue to narrate my life and people are just gonna buy it And I need people to hear from me. And I genuinely stopped caring. Like, I don't, I don't care.


Like I, I Would be happy to stand up and speak very highly of someone. I'd be happy to do it even if I mess up. I'm like, All right, well that sucked. But, you know, I tried, like, it's fine. Yeah. So I don't know if I'm just, I've done it for too long that I just have lost a little bit of that fear, But I, I still get the butterfly feeling. Yeah. So maybe I just got used to it and then I'm kind of like, well, people are gonna like it or, or not. Yeah. Right. I I have a friend of mine, Maria Schreiber, she, you know, I've known her for years and years and decades and she, I, whenever I Would have dinner at her house, she, she's the one who forced me to get up and talk like that.


And it's so I was littered, you know, sorry, I was riddled with fear about it and, But I, she forced me to do it. She's like, we're gonna go around and stand up and speak how you feel. And I was like, pass. I'm, go on to the next question. Were you so nervous because you had just littered? Is that what it was? Like? I'm having a tough time following what happened, But, but Jay at Maria, But now that you're saying it, I, I think like, for, for me it's like I'm afraid of being, of being accused or judged as either being an, being full of shit or being stuck up. I think I, I, I had a real complex about being conceited and stuck up when I was in, when I was in middle school.


Like sixth and seventh grade was really hard for me in school because people, oh, here comes that guy on tv. He stuck up. So I, I I, I wasn't really, I was, I was shy about being confident because people would think I was stuck up. So then I tried to seem not confident and then maybe that part of me kind of took hold. But, but, but, you know, but what's crazy about that though is think about it, that's inauthentic. Yeah, Exactly. If you think about you, you, you, you fell, you fell victim of the very thing that you were trying to prevent. Right. I, I mean, I mean that honestly. Yeah. And when you're thinking about it that much, you put a, you put a space between you and people you're trying to connect with Jay. I really mean it. Yeah. And, and if the, and if you can break that down and react in real time, then it will never be inauthentic.


But the second you start thinking about you're trying to curate what other people think of you. Exactly. That's inauthentic dude. Yeah. Because Makes me so nervous. 'cause I'm having to manage two things at the very stage. Of course. Course. Right, right. Because you're, because you're taking care of their feelings before yours. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're never gonna be able to, you can, I remember somebody saying once you can't, you can't tell everybody how to treat you or how to look at you. There's nothing you can do about the way people think about you. All you do is do Yeah. Because money business. Well, yeah, there's, there's that. And also like, you'll never, you'll never get To Selena. One second. Yeah. It's, yeah, No, It's okay. I'm enjoying this. I like this Conversation. It'll, but, but really just really quick. It's, it's the same thing that I've carried around for so long.


Being gay is like, I've constantly, my entire life I just came out my, my entire life I've been, I've spent taking care of other people's feelings and putting mine second and then you have to reach a point where Selena's saying where like, I can't, I'm exhausted. Yeah. Taking, but Why did you that taking care of other people's feelings with, with regards to you being gay? Is that what you mean? Yeah. Yeah. With like, if I enter a room, even today, I still have a little bit left over, but for the most part I don't care. It's like I have to check. Like I, I'm so used to, it's in my blood now to check how people think about me entering a room. Are they thinking about my really, me being gay or not? Yeah.


I used to do this when I was younger. I remember I was doing an interview And I sat down and there was probably 14 people behind the camera. And I was, I think I was maybe 21 And I started to sweat And I like ran away And I started crying. Yeah. 'cause this is what I was thinking I was like, these people probably think I sound stupid. They're gonna go home and tell their partners or friends about how much of an idiot I am. And I've had that. Yeah. And I feel like a horrible, like interviewer. I just, it, it used to kill me. Yes. A panic Italian. I've had that. And I couldn't, I, And I couldn't.


I was stuck there. And it just becomes exponentially more horrific and terrifying because now you're convinced. Now they can see that I'm having a panic attack Now it gets even worse. And it's like, oh, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And So you have that too, huh? I mean, I, I, I still fall back into it, but I've, you know, here and there. But for the most part, I'm like You, after I really mean this. And I'm sure there'd be a lot of listeners like, shut the fuck up. You know? I really, this is new to me. I don't understand it in that way. Yeah. I just, everybody's wired differently. It's A form of Paranoia. And like, when I, like when I got this, you know, when I got this And I was so, obviously, Listen, he's holding up, He's holding up in water, some Sort of just plain white, And I, And I thought faceless Body, And I thought, fucking thank you everybody.


But I, I feel like the older I get, the closer I get to our favorite term sexy indifference or, or rather better, better said, a healthy indifference where, but, but you do care what people think, but you are not, you're not obsessed by it. And you're not, you're not pulled around By it. But I, I'll challenge you on that because we're doing it right now today. Yeah. That is also put on, it's not real. 'cause if you have to think about the sexy indifference, then it's not organic. Right. If it's, no, no, what I mean, you know what I'm saying? I'm trying, I'm trying to get to that place of, of, of honest and healthy indifference where it's just right sized, you know, where you do care about people. You know, like, you don't wanna be rude. You want to be sensitive to people. People. And they, The freedom, the freedom is when you don't even have to recognize that you do have indifference, that you're just living.


That's the freedom. You're, otherwise, you're shackled by the idea of it. It still lives there as an idea. Yeah. I, I think, but it's also what we do for a living, right. It's, it's part of our job to be aware of what people think and kind of manipulate that. Yes. And like that's, I guess, yeah, we're professional liars, you know? And so it's, it was a little bit of a head screw for me, obviously still is when I was a kid. When you're trying to figure out who you're, who you are and who you're becoming. Oh, I can't imagine as a kid You're training yourself how to fake to be somebody else. It was, it's kind of a, a little bit of a blender. Interesting. It's very weird. Do you still, do you still think about that? Selena Do. Absolutely. I remember I was talking about, I was talking about this with someone and there was a study that said, the moment you get famous at a certain age, you end up stuck in that area for a while because it's stunts your Yes.


'cause it stunts every, you're, you're dealing with things that no child should be dealing with and cri criticizing my body or something weird. Like, it just, it felt, oh, it just, it doesn't Feel good. You can't, you can't grow privately like, like most people do. You know? Yeah. That, so, I mean, I don't regret my life, but there's a huge part of me that's like, yeah, I wonder what that would've been like to just be me for a second. So the, but this, I I'm, I'm assuming that, you know, you've got millions, literally millions of people that, that admire you more than any of us could probably imagine.


And because of how brave you are with how honest you are, and that is not going to go away. Thank God. I mean, you're, you're thank you're, you're, you're a a role model whether you like it or not, until I run away from everything. No, no. You're not gonna go wherever you go. You're gonna be there. No, don't take away her out you until you run away if you want. But I run away. But, But I, But I now get, I now get it though, Jay, I wanna say, 'cause you just mentioned that. I, I wanna say that I now get it. When I sort of earlier flippantly, when we were first started talking about how many millions of followers you have, I now understand I get it. Now, your relationship with, with that, with that number, with those numbers of people is tricky.


Yeah. It's, And I sort of have a little bit more of an understanding. I I really mean that. Maybe I'm a slow learner, but I No, no, it's, it's intense. It's, it's weird. It's, it's such a bizarre thing. And they give you way too much information. Like they'll, they'll tell you how many accounts you had reached and they'll tell you the percentages of women versus male or, or non-binary, whatever it is. It's like, I don't need this information. Right. I just wanna post a photo and let it be for my fans and we move on. Right. And, And they are definitely attracted to all the things that are very special about you. And not to take away from any of that, But I think it is also very indicative of how common it is for people around the world to be not perfect.


Yeah. You know? And I think they really are, are comforted by how you are so honest about how not perfect you are. And I think that's just a real gift that you give to people. And Thank you. I appreciate it. And myself included. I, I thank you for that. Thanks, Julie. I cannot believe we're already past an hour. Yeah. But wait, this is literally the fastest interview. Yeah. I, it's, I'm stunned about An hour right now, but it is pretty crazy. Yeah, it is. I feel like we're, I'm like, Show brunch. I wanna let you go, But I know we have probably a couple of more questions, Sean, go. Sure. Yes. No, I just wanna know only murders. I love the show. Thank you. I love you in it. I love Stephen Marty. Yes. How did it come about?


What was it like when you started? Did you just Love murderers? Was that how you got in? Yeah, Just murders, To be honest. Yes. And I, I like very dark documentaries sometimes, so I tend to like lean into those, especially scary stuff like mentally. Yeah. And John Hoffman is one of my very, very close Friend of mine. I love him. So, but no, it actually happened because, well, Steve's original idea was that it was going to be three men, and then John Hoffman suggested that who created the show. They hired Yes. Who created the show. He, he said, I think it would be really cool if we added like a younger character, maybe a female. And Steve liked the idea, And I guess this was really a gift because they had me in mind.


And I, I remember thinking, I'm like, okay, well, what, what, what does this mean? And, and then I had FaceTime with all of them, with Steve Marty and John and, you know, producers. And I was like, oh, I just have to do this because simply the people are amazing. And then the success of It after. Yeah. It's a, it's a good hang. Yeah. And then the success after was just such a, like, surprise. And we just were happy to do it. Then only murders in the building. Never Manslaughters. No, never Manslaughter, never Manslaughters. Just murders. Yeah. Okay. I'm fine. I'm allowed to Ask. Yes, you're, And that is in its fourth year or fifth year coming up on the Fifth.


We just got renewed for season four, Season four. And I may, we may have to cut this, but John, I asked John, I was like, how, how many more seasons? And he goes, well, I asked Steve, and Steve said forever. I know he does my favorite thing about Steve, and he knows that I've said this before, but my favorite thing is Steve will be like, I've gotta get, I gotta get home. I gotta get home. I gotta go get outta here. I'm too old for this. And then I'll be like, then I'll be like, well, I go, Steve, like how many Cs we do? He's like, oh, I don't wanna stop. We're gonna keep going. And I'm like, he's just Like, you gotta get home. Exactly. But you need to be home. So sometimes I'll be like, I'll carry the load, because I Get it.


Yeah. It is the greatest trio, but has been, has been said before, one of the oddest trios ever. And it's just so Awesome. It's awesome. Infectious. Thank you. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, it's Great. Thank you. Well, Selena, this has been great. Thank you honey, for being here. Yeah, of Course. All right. Gosh, I, it so cool. I just wanted to tell you, Jason, really quick. Yes, ma'am. I am gonna send your wife Amanda and your girls some of my new collection from Rare Beauty Oh, sweet. And like a whole little box, because I Would love to see, you know, what they thought or I love, Love they're enormous fans of yours as is Amanda, my wife. Yay. So I can, I wanna send you that because this is gonna be, this is gonna be one of the biggest collections that I've released, and I'm beyond stoked for it.


I know. It's, it's little things like that that make me happy because Yeah. It, but it's, it's not a little thing. It's really impressive what you've done with this. It's, it, this company is potentially, if it's not already bigger than anything you've done in music or in film or television Absolutely. Or in social media. I mean, it's weird. It's an enormous company and you, But I really should be proud of that. But I think it's good products and we also just try not to be everything else. You know, like I, I'm not huge on promoting like crazy, you know, makeup. I love makeup, But I, I want my line to represent yourself and to have fun with it. And It seems very consistent with you and, and what you represent and the, yeah.


Well, might I share? Your skin is flawless. Oh my Goodness. Well, thank you. She takes off her glasses. She goes cross-eyed. She Did a Richard Erlich earlier. What is that say? It's where say beats a little bit confused. Where? And then that kid Look at that. Beautiful. Yeah, Let her say it's where Say it. Ready and action. Where? I swear, I swear. Oh my God. That's good. That's really good. That's good. You Look just like Richard. Ick. Great. Sel, you're the greatest. Yeah. Thank you so much for doing this. Thank you. This was, this was a big, big get for us. This, it's so Awesome to finally meet you too. I am so happy. And hopefully I'll get to meet you all in person. I'm sure I'll run into you Jason, and yeah, I'm just, I'm a big fan of all of you and I've really been wanting to do this for a while.


I'm sure you know, Jason. So this Is, yeah. Thank you. This has been really great. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you for Doing it. Thank you. All right. Have a great, great rest of the day. And, and you, you too. Thanks for talking with us. Yeah. All right. Bye honey. Bye guys. All right, bye Selena. Thank you. You see now guys, there's a nice person, you, you guys have asked me multiple times. You say, you say to me, you say, Jason, how do I get, how, how can I become nice? Yeah. I'm gonna become nicer. Yeah. You know, and be pleasant. Have Success. Isn't that your theory? Have success and then You're allowed to be, but then after that, try to be, remember that show. Not before somebody is, not Before. 'cause then they're gonna be accused you of Wanting something hiding and as gentle, as loving as she is.


Okay. What is that? Will's holding up a fake award. This is, this is my dressing room. I don't know, it's just something's like, and it looks like an award. It doesn't look like an Oscar. I, yeah. She's really terrific. Yeah. No, she's crazy. What did you both, did you learn anything you guys? I did. I feel like I'm lazy. Yeah. I think You, well, a lazy 'cause she's, she's just so, it seems like everything she does, she's successful at Even, Even mental health. Right. She's successful at that. I know, right. You know what I mean? Telling me for real. She's not running running from it. She's going right through it. She just, It's, it's pretty remarkable. And she's so, she's such a talk about, we were talking, you know, authenticity was, was a central theme. Today's and she's so authentic.


Yeah. She's like Superhero. She really doesn't, like she says she doesn't, she just does what she loves to do. Everybody's welcome to come or don't come. Like, And you know, it's funny, I I was gonna say she said that she didn't care, but it's almost like she, it's not that she doesn't care. It, it feels like she just, what she cares about is just being herself and being Yes. She Know. She turned that care internal. She's taking care of number one, which for me always lets me be a better person to the people around me. Sometimes I, I overindex in the selfishness, but I'm trying to get the right balance. Yeah, Yeah. No You don't. Sorry. No. Did You Still rolling? Let's get one more of those Will a little more convincing.


Oh No, Jason, I was, by the way, I held up on so many because it was such such a, i so many things I wanted to throw in And I didn't because it was just outta respect. It was so Nice. Oh, so you've got some unused jokes you'd like to workshop Real quick? No, not really. I mean, no, no, no, no. I, there was one at the end certainly that I wanted to like, yeah, let's hear it what you said. Don't worry, I'll carry the load. Steve. And I was like, Sean, how many times? Okay, so Do you, do you wanna know though? It's Steve, Right? It's Steve, right? Steve, do you wanna know though? I speaking about Archie, your son. Oh, time. Here we go. He, this is a by. No, no, this a, this outside. Once I had a wizard crawl up my pants.


Did you up pants did, yeah. Truly It truly lizard A wizard crawl A wizard. And how high did it get up before it pulled a quick 180 and said, no, thank you. No. That's such a funny thing, wizard. You could use it for so many things. Yeah. Oh, you know what? Okay, so, so part of my, part of my, what is it called? The gay tray that Jason calls it. Oh yeah. No, no, no. What? It wasn't It was wine. Yeah, no, the gay tray. It's an Invisalign thing. Yeah. I didn't know you had it in today. Yeah. So I have it in all every day and then, but I can whiten my teeth. But my dentist on three days ago said, you hear some teeth whitening stuff you could put in the Invisalign trays and, but you, you don't have to put 'em in the back where the bicuspids Are By Smart, smart.


Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm Jar and Bennett Barco Smart. Less


Life is full of changes. Some big and some small Mod Max Modular furniture from Ashley is designed to change with you. Configure it for cozy and spacious setups. Add on storage units for stashing blankets and board games or audio consoles for family movie nights with durable machine washable covers made from NextGen Newa Performance Fabric For easy cleanup, shop for Mod Max in store or@ashley.com.