
Empowering young people across the nation through mentorship is crucial. That's why Macy's has partnered with Big Brothers Big Sisters, whose aim is to help children and under-resourced families thrive by providing transformational one-to-one relationships with caring adult mentors. Join the effort by rounding up your purchase in store and donating online to this incredible cause. November 1st through December 24th. Shop at macy's dot com.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher is now available and you're gonna want to try this. They took the Sonic Smasher you love and added the new creamy queso in hand. Smashed patties made to order the Sonic queso. Smasher is the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or triple the new Sonic Queso. Smasher. Live Free Eat Sonic.


Hi Everybody. How was your day today? Are you asking us or the audience? And you're expecting an answer from the, You know, the audience is not miked. You Got it. Yeah. Sorry. Well, no. I was asked. Oh, they're not. Well, since When you called me and JB everybody Yeah, No, I call you guys the audience Because you think that's the only people listening to you. It's just us two. Yeah. You've got higher responsibilities in that. Let's come with the good stuff. Judging by this opening, we're up to just gonna be a great SmartLess. Welcome to it. Smart, Smart, smart Bless.


Sean, what's on your cap there? Is that a college? It's ISU, Illinois State University, where I have an honorary doctorate and a scholarship fund set up for people who want to go into music or the arts. And is it, sorry, acting And are They still accredited? I mean, after you got a diploma, I heard that after they give you a diploma that they were stripped of their power once. That Sounds like a real on, is that an online university? I still, I still wear my sash to bed. Once They did an assessment of your intellect and they're like, we gave this guy a fucking diploma. Did you really go to ISU? I went to Illinois State University. Yeah. It's one of the greatest colleges ever. Okay, Well, hang on. Let's quickly Google that. Let's see How this, 'cause I don't think you're gonna like the, For theater.


For theater, by the way, you know who went there? Me, Jane Lynch, Craig Robinson, And, I were music majors together. We know we went, I know we've had him on the podcast. I know We talked About that. We talked about it for like half an hour. Hey, Arnette, where'd you go to school? I didn't. I dropped out. Man. No, But. you did go, You went to boarding school. You Know where I went? I went to fucking hard knocks, dude. Oh bro. On the Streets. The hard knock life with Annie of Toronto. Yeah. The streets of Toronto. Did you go do, you went, you went to, excuse me. You Excuse me. Pardon? You went to, pardon me? Additional, additional voluntary school. I did for half. Half a year. Half a year. I know. I love you. College just made voluntary Volun.


No, actually I should invert that. Voluntary additional school. Yeah. And yeah, I just didn't understand the concept of that. You know, like, well, yeah. I Mean, I now have an option to not go. So taking that option. Sure. You want a good joke? Yeah, sure. Love one ISU. Just jump in. I I I didn't realize that you were grabbing the reins here. We were just merely going down a path. But you. Let's talk more about your school. Let's just go fucking, Okay. Let's talk more about your school. I didn't go. No, let's Not. Here we go. Ready? The best gift I ever received was a broken drum. He can't beat it. Okay. That's all right. That's okay. He doesn't claim these to be great jokes.


Dad jokes. I got a couple laughs in the background there. Thank God you should say. Do you want to hear a dad joke? If you say you? No, I don't Hear joke. I don't, I People are ready for something. Good Dad joke means it's not, I don't like the term dad joke. I think that that's, I think that's lazy to call it a dad Joke. How about bad joke? Just say bad jokes so people aren't expecting to laugh. Or Like a pun. Yeah. That's okay to say. I got one more. You got one more? Are there any mom jokes? Here's a mom joke. What's fast or hot or cold? Hot. You can always catch a cold. That's good. That's good. That's not bad. That's pretty good. I guarantee you at least one of our listeners will be using that today after they get outta their car. Right? Of course. Or off their subway. Or done with their jog. Right. You know, it's fun.


You're welcome. I, I love, I love just, no, hang on Sean. I love Jason Shine too. Imagine what regular people do. It's so fun. I know. They get on the subway and then they go And Then they kiss their kids. Goodbye. Walkout door. Go to job. Say hi, boss Office One to hear joke. Dear One to hear. Joke at water cooler with me. I love succession to NYB. What Are you watching? I'm also watching succession. Are you watching it? I am also worried about saying that I don't like it. You're worried that you're saying it. I do like it. I'm just making the joke. Not Real succession.


Real good opening patter. Everybody. Did everybody sleep Well? I slept really well. Pat's over. Let's get to our high level guest. Okay. Really good though. Did you for the first, actually, that, that is worth a Derail. Do you wanna talk to us about your sleep? The guest is not very better way for your sleep report. Well, it's very rare that he has good sleep before we get into it. It is true. Sean And, I'm happy for you. And there's nobody. We talk about it all the time. Right, Sean? Yesterday morning, JB Sean I said to him, Hey, you got a second. Let me know when you got a second. Like seven. I'm up at six. I said, let me know when you got a second. It was like seven. It Was at seven. He calls me And. I. Go And. I thought that he was back. You know, his usual thing. He wakes up in the middle of the night and then he goes back to bed at six 30 until 10.


It's whatever. Yeah. And he was up and he'd been up since three 30. Three 30. He's been on a bad run of not being able to sleep. Yeah. So So I slept all through the night. I got up to Pee And. I went right back to sleep. And why do you think that is? Did you load up on a bunch of sugar before you went to bed? I did a little bit. But because of yesterday, I think that what Will's talking about. I think I ran myself around in circles like a little child being up at three 30. And then I just crashed and it made me sleep all night long. It was awesome. You, you Nap. Like what A fucking story. I'll nap. Like I'll nap. Like, she's like, I'll nap like 10 minutes. Anyway, so Good that we stopped for that. You were right Will.


Silly me. So today's, today's guest is so immensely accomplished. We're Gonna see Bateman's face. What a fucking story. God, who else slept through the whole night? Make sure you call in our lines are open and love to hear about it. So our next guest is so accomplished and so universally loved. Okay. He's done everything. He's done. Television, film, theater.


Wow. It's even got a Grammy, I believe. That's a lot. It's been comedy. It's been drama. It's been popcorn movies. It's been academy movies. I, I, I I just don't know what else to say about this fellow except he's a new friend. Oh, okay. Okay. We met online. And he is also a Capricorn and No, he is a new friend that I'm very excited about. He swings a mean golf club. Oh, I thought we were gonna say both. The way that started was he swings. I know, I know. I was like, uhoh. What? He'll take you where you want to go on the weekends.


Okay. Well, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. But listen, I love him. He's here. Very kind of him to say Yes. 'cause this is a big shot. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Don Cheadle. Hello, Don. Oh, I love Don Cheadle people. What's happening? Good morning, Don. Don Cheadle. Done. You know What I was trying to remember. Don, what, what is the, what is that great nickname that you were given? Because you are so smooth. I couldn't remember it. You, you told me this on the golf course. Course. What Was it? I think Kelly Slater said That was very nonchalant. Yeah. Nonchalant that.


Is that a new, is that a new nickname? That's really clever. It's, I'm, I'm trying to put it out there. You know, I was gonna try to trademark it, but I, I was unsuccessful. Donchalant is out there now. Just, just FYI. It's, it's fully out there. And if you happen to run into Don cheat on the streets, just immediately nonchalant. Yeah. Let Him know. Mr. Shelan, You can single gun it or double gun it. Okay. Don Don Cheadle. Hi. Good Morning. What's up gang? I Love Don Cheadle. You know, the, the team was like, you've gotta do these guys podcast. It's no, you're gonna love them. I love all of you individually and collectively.


Not as, not as much. When I sat through the banter, the early Banter, that's kind of, it's like, remember the, remember the joy that this the Regis and Kathy Lee used to give you with that, with that first 10 minutes of, of Coffee Patter. Right. Yeah, Yeah Yeah. That's what we're reaching for Don, you know. No, we're on our way. It was a strong it We're not there. It was a strong six minutes. Don. Don, where are we finding you right now? Because, and, and the reason I ask is because you look like you're either coming from or going to the golf course 'cause you're wearing a zip up. But I wanna say, which is surprising because you are such, you're so busy and rightfully so Yeah. 'cause you're always, you fit in that category for me too, of people who are always good no matter what the project is. Yeah Yeah, you're so consistently awesome all the time in your work.


Wait Till you see this one. Well, it's Gonna take that down. I don't know. You know what? I, you know what We, Scott And I Just, but I appreciate that. Yeah. Scotty And I just watched just last week not even knowing obviously that you were gonna be on, 'cause you're Jason's guest. We watched Mission to Mars. I was in there and I was like, there's Don again. And you're brilliant in it. Always, Always Brilliant. Because, you know, I'll watch anything Sci-fi I am picking up with On Surprise in Sean's voice though, right when he says, and you're brilliant. She was like, no, no, you were pretty good. No, No. I meant to, to Will's point, you always, I didn't know You were an actor. You And that you could grow facial hair. I thought it was only Jason who could grow. Oh, this is not really facial hair.


This is disgusting. No, it Was great. Great. So Don, I'm, I'm in Atlanta. Will, to answer your question, I'm in Atlanta. You're In Atlanta And what's what's happening there in Atlanta? Working on something. No doubt. I am. I am working on something. It's a project called Fight Night And I am in this wonderful project with who you guys had on the show. Kevin Hart. Oh, Sam Jackson. Great. Taraji Henson. Yes. Terence Howard. Wow. Yeah. It's, it should be. It should be. I'm looking forward to it. Yeah. I just, I've shot one day, so I'm, you know, I'm looking forward to You Can still be fired. They can, can easily re-shoot one day at work, Yeah.


Absolutely. It's early enough. Yeah. So watch it. I've been replaced before. It wouldn't be the first time you No. Have you? I've been replaced before. Oh, I have. I've been Didn didn't mean to bring something pink. I love the, I love the dog's. Like No, I have it. Sorry. I was just kidding. Of Course not. Mine was a Was why you become a new show. Mine. Mine was the cruelest though. 'cause I worked my nerds off on this pilot. We shot the pilot, it went well. So I thought. And then like a couple of days before the big announcements happened about whether pilots are gonna get picked up to go to series. I get a call from my agent saying, you are going to good news, bad news.


Good news is the show got picked up. Oh. And I said, unbelievably. He goes, here, let, let me finish. The bad news is that they're gonna go a different direction with your character. And I said Okay. Two days later, found out they're actually not picking up the show. So. Oh wow. Could you, I mean, this is just like the worst 48 hours. Right? Good, bad, Good. Well, I Bad. Good, Good. I Agree with Don. I could have been spared, I could have been spared all of it by just them saying, well, we're not picking up the show. Basically, we're all fired. You know? But it's Bad. Are you still with this agent? Yeah, that's a good idea. Exactly. No, no, no. That's three or four ago. But, but, but it's good to know. I like it is personal a little bit. 'cause they were like, Hey, we know the show's not getting picked up, but let's let Bateman know it's kicking that even if it did, he wasn't coming away.


Yeah. In the event that this is going forward. Not you, Not you, I fired too. I got fired off a pilot the year that went to series the year before we started Arrested Development. Oh God. Bless. And Had I been, had I not been, I would've been stuck on that show. Don, wait a second. So you're in Atlanta, you're doing this thing with, with with Sam Jackson. Yeah. Are you, are you potentially playing golf with Sam today? You know, Sam has been on IR for a minute. I hope he comes off because I would love to, you know, we used to play a lot. But what's ir? He's, he's nursing an injury or too injury. Er, fingers crossed. How's, how's his game? Sam was like a, a four. What? Wow.


Yeah. Damn it. Wow. There's all these People over game just so easy to so many people. Well, you know, Sam famously, you know, whenever he would get a gig, a part of his contract was they had to get him a membership to whatever local course there was because he's such a freak about it. So He Oh, really? No shit. Yeah, He played everywhere. I was like, you can do that. Sam also was, you know, Mr, if you force me, you're bringing me $900 in cash in an envelope the next day. Like a drug dealer. I was like this, this dude's my hero. Yeah. That's always The by, by the way, Jason, you could Jason right now. You see, you look down, he's, he's got, he's just gone his phone on speed dial to CAA right now. He's like, what the fuck?


What Are you guys? I've about 12 country clubs. Short. Dammit. Yeah Yeah. Alright. Now, how do you, like, how do you like Atlanta? I, you know, I've worked there a lot. And And, I always, I always thought that it was not gonna be a place for me. And every time I worked there, I just love it more and more and more. You enjoy yourself there. You've you've worked there a bunch. Yes, I've worked here a bunch. Because a lot of the Marvel stuff was here, right? Yeah. Oh, Right. And I've kind of been around it a little bit more, but this is probably the longest stretch that I'm gonna be here. So. I'm looking forward to like, getting up to the mountains and Yeah going to the lakes and just checking it all out. So, so I did a movie there a long time ago in Atlanta during the summer.


Did you guys shoot those, all those Marvel movies in like the summertime, because you can't breathe. It's so hot. Hot Atlanta. Hot Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and how do you, you're in those costumes and running around in that heat. Is that what it And you're in space? Yeah. I mean, I think That was the, oh, like it's a callback. I was a callback. Good one. No, but I mean, isn't that brutal? Yeah, it's brutal. I mean, I was, you know, I'm from Kansas City, Missouri where, you know, 98 degrees and 98% humidity. So I was I was I was born for this. Yeah. You know, Yeah Yeah. But yeah, it's not, it's not fun. But right now it's very cold, actually. Yeah, it gets cold. I like it. I like it too.


I, I like jb I spent the last few years about last year, I spent six months, I think almost in Atlanta. And I really liked it. I really liked the people. Once you find a kind of a good zone where you can, you find your stuff and whatever. I, I liked it a Lot. You gotta find a zone. But I was down in, like, I was down, like right near sort of little five points. Like all in there. Like that's where I was staying. It was awesome. A lot of great like restaurants And, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Jason, have you had Enough Yeah that's opened it? I'm so sorry. It's like, fuck, You opened it. You opened it. This is like a, this is like the fucking court case. Hey, good sleep Last night, Don, You know what's hilarious?


When Sean was talking about that is I was very jealous because I did not sleep well last night. That's what I'm saying. I had the Fucking episode we've ever recorded. Right. We're right. 17 minutes into work from what I did. From What? No, no. It's all my fault. Fault is all my fault. I'm talking about fucking Atlanta. We're talking about the weather. We're talking about sleep. It's like, let's get to something hard hitting now. Somebody told me the other day, the Kansas City. Oh, Here we go. Kansas City is actually split right down the middle. The border between Kansas and Missouri City. You still don't have it. J JB you still don't have it. This is you. You still Haven't got it. That's a, that's a whiff. No, No. Help me. No people. No, no, no.


You, there's, there's one in Kansas and there's a Kansas City in Missouri. They're in two different, I mean, they're close. Wait, they're not, there's two different places called Kansas City Oh. my God. No, honestly. I know, I know. Dude. Don's about to leave. John. This is, this is every day, by the way, this house. It goes, I 54 years old and this is, this is, I'm just now getting clarity on this. Let's, let's, let's do it publicly. Yeah. There are two, two places called Kansas City. One's in Missouri. One's in Kansas. Yeah. Correct. Yeah Yeah. And which one's got the cheese? There is a border. Which one's got the royals? Missouri. Missouri. Missouri. Missouri. Missouri's got what? Lemme Just say this, Don, take a look at j B's face Yeah. Now JB walked on through the gummy routine. This is gonna explain a lot.


Walk him through the timing and the amount. Well Guys, it's still up. I'm still up from last night's Chew. No. Now We talked about this a little bit on the golf course by the, I don't remember case. I dunno if you remember you. I'm sure you don't remember because your gummy program is That No, never. Never. When I'm golfing. Golfing. Serious business. You, We, you said that Too. Now wait a second. What? But what sports team does? Kansas City, Kansas. Oh. my God have the royals. He's still, He's here. Is it the Royals? It's Crazy. No, no. Honestly, is it the Royals or in Kansas City? No, that's also Missouri. Ask Siri, do we wanna just ask go to like the, the inner Way. So Kansas City, Kansas has nothing. Is that correct? Yeah. No sports teams. No professional sports teams. Yeah, man, I'll let it rest now. Let's just look it up, man.


Okay. And. I. Hope And, I gonna No time. Honestly. Honestly, Look, they're all looking it up. America. I've never looked into it this deeply. You might be absolutely right. I just know have always The chiefs, he's he's Not right. No, you're right. I think Kansas City, Kansas has the Royals. Are there any sports teams in Kansas City, Kansas? Oh, I'm so sorry. America and specifically Kansas City has had teams in all five of the major professional sports league. Three major leagues remain today. Is that Missouri or is that Kansas? That's Kansas City. Kansas, okay. Wait, who's in Kansas City? Kansas? I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Boy, this is again, no, this is Kansas City. We're gonna pick this up. Hey Don, how'd you get started in the business? I know, I wanna jb Fuck you. You have Abbot. You I was, I want to know That Was a little porn called Donchalant.


And No, I do wanna know, because to me, I've seen you in so many things. And like Will said, always brilliant. Like to me, you were born on screen. Like I don't know anything about you other than the I Was born on screen. Yeah Yeah. Other than we, we run into each other a few times. And I and had lovely conversations. But tell me, how did you get, like you were in theater in, in high school. Well, sidebar, we almost, we you we played around with doing a movie together at one point. I, I remember. I don't remember that. If you ever got that off, I did it. Didn't do, did did you get it off? Yeah. It didn't do well. But thank you for your consideration. Next, next step. Next step. Yes. Yes. Way to dodge a bullet. Dawn I was trying to give a compliment and went right in the trash bin.


Ducked one there. No, but did you, did you, were you interested in high school? Like what age? How early were you? Did you get the bug? So I kind of got the early acting bug. I think I was in fifth, sixth grade. I was Templeton the rat in a production of Charlotte's web. That was written about extensively in the, the Denver, Denver Colorado periodicals. You can look it up. I'm sure it's still Sure. No, I'm gonna have Temple And. I I was singled out. I'm I was I'm I'm just saying I was singled out. So The standout was the rat. Yeah. And when Cheadle hits the stage, hold on to your, yeah, so I did that, but I was also doing music kind of at the same time.


That's when I got involved in, in playing my saxophone and instrumental jazz. And So I kind of was on these two tracks of, of really studying music. And I. When I went to high school, I had a great acting coach, a great acting teacher, a great drama class. And I was in a really, a really good jazz band. So I was kind of on these two tracks. And I graduated from high school. I had applied for both things to go into music, to go into vocal jazz, to go into instrumental jazz and also to to study acting. Yeah. And theater acting. That's cool. And I got some scholarship money from a bunch of different places. And I kind of made For acting or, or music or both?


Both. I got, I had both. Wow. But I kind of made not only a weather choice, but I think I made a choice based on what I believed I was going to be able to actually do. Because I grew up with musicians now who are like professional musicians and who are hugely successful and incredible. And I knew what it was gonna take to actually be able to do that. Go down that road and, you know, shedding and learning theory and doing all those things that I was like, I'm not, I know I'm not going to do that. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah, And I. I think I'm probably gonna spend my time or being, being outta the house, being with other people and yeah. And pursuing acting. And I loved it as I loved it. Equally. So I, I kind of went up that road.


But Yeah, there, there's definitely science and math to music that you have to want to And I think it kind of I was intimidated by it a little bit, to be honest. I think I was a little, you know, I'd gotten by, I had really good ear And I had gotten by on really being able to, to hear music rather than understanding how it broke down. Yeah, Yeah I would kind of wide eye when it would, when I'd get into the weeds on that. Yeah, So I get that. I was like, I kind of ran to something that I felt more comfortable with. But it's funny that the music has kind of come back around Yeah and that's become a bigger part of my career now, too. But Don, did you ever, and, and Sean, forgive me for taking your question, but did you ever think about, you know, kinda like when the, when that guy dropped the, the chocolate in the, in the tub of peanut butter and they came up with the Reeses, did you ever think of taking the music and, and dumping that into the theater and going into musical theater?


Sean? 5 6, 7, 7, 7 8. Did that ever, did We, did you ever get into that stuff? Oh, He sure did. Let's, let's talk about the Tony's, go ahead. Oh, Well I've never gotten one. No, But you I did produce something that's produced the Tony Award-winning show called Strange Loop. So That's Yes. Oh. my God. That's right. Yeah. With, with Barbara. Barbara Whitman. Yes. Yes. Right. Yes. And, and and, and she produced the play. I just did. That's right. Yeah. Congrats on that. Thank You. Thank you. Crazy great show. Yes. But did you, yourself, were you yourself at like in high school or afterwards in college?


Absolutely. Yes. 100%. I mean, I, I, I, when I graduated high school, the choice I made was to go to ca I came to California, And I studied at California Institute of the Arts. Mm. And we, you know, did everything there. Musicals and dramas and classical pieces. We did, We did everything. It was really a great experience for me and a a a place to be able to try everything and make a lot of mistakes. And, you know, Yeah not get fired for it as a result. Get ready. Because I, I love horrible theater stories, things that go wrong. So just get one ready. Oh. Yeah. That they're the best. You can't wait For before we get to one of those, can, can you guys extend your tolerance for my lack of intelligence again, is Kansas, Are you gonna go?


The chiefs in the royals Against it's worn pretty thin at this point. It's strip very, very thin. Yes. Don't bring that back. So if I'm on the border between No. And we will be right


back. So I Remember when I first started out, I used to work at a box office for a ticket printing company. And then as I moved to LA I worked at a production office. So I've worked at a lot of offices. There are many different types of offices out there. One thing's for certain, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. Well, if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent. So you don't waste time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply, to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter CY four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to the exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire


SmartLess fans. Your favorite podcast is some must have merch waiting for you at the SiriusXM online store. And here's the best part, the store is powered by Shopify. So grabbing your gear is as easy as pressing play on a new episode. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners, Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs. Shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter what stage you are in.


So.


I remember the first day of school always being pretty stressful. Just because you don't know where you're going, you wanna fit in, you wanna make friends really fast, and you spend tons of energy like trying to figure it out, figure it all out. So back to school is stressful. If only I'd have the energy boost of Liquid IV back then Liquid IV Hydration multiplier plus energy delivers 100 milligrams of natural caffeine plus three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. So you can accomplish all the things you want and need to do. Hydration multiplier plus energy delivers energy comparable to one or two cups of coffee through about 100 milligrams of naturally occurring caffeine. Experience the deliciousness of one of their bestselling flavors of peach, perfectly paired with highly requested blackberry all in one formula, provides mind and body energy plus hydration that leaves you feeling focused, alert, and ready to take on anything. Tear, pour, live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone. Three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink eight essential vitamins, nutrients, always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free. Dairy free and soy free. So I have to hop on a flight from New York to LA and it's a really, really long flight. And I always freak out that I'm gonna get dehydrated up in the air 'cause I've heard that my whole life. So I always pop an IV into a bottle of water and carry it with me on the plane. Hydrate and boost with a liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


And now back to the show. So jazz, talk to me about jazz now. I'm, I'm a big music fan and, and specifically classical music and So I feel like if I love classical music, I could really love jazz. 'cause it's a little easier to love. That's a little bit more toe tappy, but I gotta understand it a little bit more. And I'm hearing that jazz, it's, it's real appeal is knowing that for the most part it's improvised. Is that correct? Or is there is is it, is it more traditionally written out and there's sheet music for it That is a component of it? And I. Think the umbrella of jazz under that are many, many subdivisions and categories.


It's a huge sort of a blanket term, especially by now. Okay. You know, if you think of somebody like Robert Glasper who I won the a Grammy with for producing the Miles ahead. Anyway, I'm sorry, your cough sounds terrible. Your cough sounds really Good. It's my second Grammy. Sorry. You got a really terrible cough. Yeah, Thanks Bill. Lemme get a water throat. Wait, Are you close to an ego? Ego? Two Grammys. Oh, now you clear your throat's clear now lemme get That looked at. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Now You have, you have, do you have a, do you have a nomination? He egot? I think you do. Yes. I I have a nomination Ott. Yes, but not, I don't have, I only, I don't have them all.


That's Pretty fucking good. But, but like Rob Glasper, you look at his music and he's, you know, he's spans the globe of what his musical knowledge is and his experience. Yeah. And he does popular stuff, black radio, which is sort of, I think you would think of more as like r and b influenced Yeah. And then he does straight ahead, you know, jazz and standards. And he does everything in between. So I. Think if you were to ask a musician like that, what jazz is, or even if you were gonna go back and ask, you know, miles Davis what jazz was, he hated that word. He was like, that's a word to box somebody in. You know, it's about good music. It's about social music. So I think there are different, like when I get in the car and you know, the driver taking you somewhere is like, let's put on some jazz.


And he puts on smooth jazz. It's like, I wanna shoot him. Yeah. I hate, Right? Yeah. I I'm The saying, Don, you have to don you have to forgive Jason. 'cause They don't do explanations of jazz on the Hollywood Reporter homepage so that he wouldn't read it. But, but let me just, let me just say this. We did this bit, you know, in our show Flaked nothing, huh? Okay. So I where we had, where We did this guy's getting ready to have this girl over for a date. And he, and then his buddy suggests, he put his Ja put Jazz on and they look at each other and they're like, and they're unsure. And he goes, I'm not sure where I fall on jazz. And our joke was always that like, I can't figure out if it's cool to say I do like it, or if it's cool to say I don't like it.


And I'm still trying to decide where I land on that. Yeah. Yeah. Right, me too. Like, I just feel like I, you know, everyone says you should go to New Orleans for the jazz festival or when you, you should listen To lecture. And that's a very specific kind of jazz. Yeah. Right. I I I'm more like, I I'm open to it if there's a melody that I can hum back like a song. Right. I'm not open to the fair enough. Yeah, Yeah, you know, the jazz that's just people just playing sort of Fusion, improvised fusion is is that, Would that even be Yeah? I can't latch onto anything. You can't whack off to anything. What, what? I, I love it all. Because if you're really, you know, if you're jazz, You Can whack to, Sorry, jazz.


No. Latch onto Grab your Thing and have some fun. Yeah. A new, new challenge. JB you heard it JB you heard it too, right? Same. I think I might have. Yeah. But so, so Don, so you, so you're, so you're, you're learning the saxophone at an early age that gets you into music. That's eventually you find an appreciation for Miles Davis. And then that project comes about That was a, what was that a documentary that you produced or? No, no, no, no. A movie. A Film video. Yeah Yeah you and you played him. Yes, yes, yes. We're we're not good journalists. Brilliantly. And I. Remember you telling me when I ran into you, you were working on that. You were so Good nominations or even some wins for that, I believe.


Well, That was the Grammy that we got for the soundtrack, which is really cool. That one we put together with Rob Glasper, he And I put that together. So That was really cool. But yeah, I think it's a big category. Talk about jokes on shows. We had one on Black Monday where I'm talking to Thank you very much. I'm talking to Regina Dawn, her name, the character's Dawn about it. And she goes, yeah, I can never get into jazz. It just always sound like a bunch of instruments thrown down a flight of stairs. Yeah Yeah. Now in my, in my, in my incredible research, did you really work on The Fresh Prince? Funny enough, I did, I was on one of the first episodes of Fresh Prince And.


I have a funny pilot firing story too. I love it. About a pilot that didn't go So, I I did the, I think it was the second or third episode of the Fresh Prince where Will was still super green. He's like mouthing everyone's words, you know? Yeah. Along with his, so he'd say his line and then be staring at you and you'd say your line. And he, Yeah, he's mouthing It. That's such a thing. We've all, we've all worked with people who do that, which it's such an actor thing, right? Yeah Yeah where you're like, are you mouthing my dialogue to me as I'm saying Yeah Yeah. So he was so studious, you know, he knew everybody's lines and then he would like mouth everybody's lines. But so We did that one. And by the third or fourth show the, the creators at Susan and Andy Borowitz, who were the head writers on the show, they said, we wanna do a show around you.


Oh, Not necessarily based on the character that you're playing on this, but we just want to do a show around you. And I was like, okay, so that's cool. So they wrote this show. Wow. How old were you When I did Fresh Prince? Yeah. Early twenties. Is That really germane to the store? I mean, He's just gonna come in the offered your own show. It's like what? I was six. Okay. I was fucking six. No, he's just jealous. He's just jealous because he's like, when are you getting offers for your own show? And he is like, I worked my whole life. Michael Landon did create a show for me. Sorry, Jamie I didn. I know that. Michael Landon. So no, I, this, so I did, so third day they come down, they're like, we wanna do the show. I said, okay, great. So they wrote this pilot, we shot the pilot, it's called In the House.


I wrote the theme song to the day. Oh wow. Cool. It was just, everything was great. Heavy saxophone. It, he, super, super heavy saxophone. Yeah. It was on the schedule. And I. You know, I'm pretty like, I don't believe it until I see it. And I just kind of wasn't believing that it was real. And also it just was a huge thing. It was the biggest thing that had happened in my career at that point. Yeah I was like, I don't, something's telling me this isn't real. Right. But it was on the schedule. It was going. So like, the day before I got this fateful call, I gave my brother my car. I was like, Hey, it's on Take the car. It's, I'm about to have this huge windfall. Yeah. It's, and I'm ready.


And the next day I got a call and they said it's off the schedule. It was how old I was, was Brandon Tartikoff was still running NBC at that time. Yeah Okay. We're late eighties for Everybody. I don't know if people are listening. They don know Yeah Yeah Brandon. Yeah. But he, when he stepped down and Warren Littlefield came in, he killed all the shows that were under Brandon and That was one of them. That was one of the casual, You know, Sean, Sean, you told me a story, and correct me if I'm wrong, about where you shot the pilot because they had Minette sauce instead of cocktail sauce for your oysters. Is that true? And you guys were about to leave Van Nuys and you, you were so mad you shot because you're like, I hate Mette sauce. I like cocktail sauce.


You shot the pilot Not to, But I, but I spared the copilot As a lesson so he could live to tell the story to other pilots about That's right. To get the sauces right Now. Alright, so now Don, could you imagine if that show had taken off, became a big success, Yeah Yeah, you would've been a big sitcom star. I wonder where your career would've gone Yeah and what would've Happened? Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Like, but like even, so going back before That, was there another significant fork in the road, either where you grew up like a, a fateful move to a certain city or what your parents were doing or saying, or siblings where you could have easily seen, oh, if I'd just simply gone Right. Instead of left doors, I would be a veterinarian today.


Yeah. Or I would be a, an architect today. Or was there, was there a fork? That, that, that's Such a good question. Thank you. I mean, you know, it is crazy that, that my fallback was music. Like if this acting thing doesn't work out, same. I'll be a jazz musician that'll get me there. Yeah. It's like So I mean, that's where I was trending. That's what I wanted to do. And, and quite honestly, it's, there's still no greater pleasure that I have, you know, in any sort of performance capacity than being with musicians and creating music. Really. Really. So that's to me the highest. I love that. Cool. It is, it really is. I think because of, as you were talking about improvisation, that that you're creating things spontaneously.


I don't know what it's doing biochemically to you, but I'm sure if you have electrodes on and you know, they were, were testing you, you're getting dopamine hits that are just through the roof because it's just so alive. Yeah. And, and it necessitates this connection with these fellow, pardon the term artists that you're kind of That's right. Communicating without speaking and there's a handoff. That's right. And a and a and a yes and thing. You get that also in acting, but Yeah Yeah you do. And there's also that thing you do when you perform live. When you, you also get that, when you get that feedback from an audience when you're on stage and you get that thing and it starts to inform you a little bit. Yeah. They become part of your creative process. Could you get juice from that? I think Yeah Yeah Yeah.


Absolutely. You do. And, and it, and it transcends language and it transcends, you know, the English, Spanish, we can all speak this language. And so Yeah Yeah, There's A, there's a big unifying thing that it does that's just like beyond, I have the same thing, Don, you know, I was, I always had music to fall back on. Should the, you know, the acting thing. And I still have the music to fall back on if the acting thing doesn't work out. But I, I always thought my fallback was gonna be, oh, I'll just be a pop star. Well, you can take your ass off. So had a shot. Well, no, but let's play I was Just play it. Could you just play him a little bit of it right now? We do this every once in a while. Don Sean? Yeah. No, Now, now Don, do you don Do Bennett?


Do you? Bennett is gonna find it for us and he is gonna play it before Don leaves. Ben or Robert are gonna Play Chop that needle. Needle in It. Hey Don, do you have a place where you go like, Woody Allen famously took his clarinet out, I don't know, once a week or whatever, and that, that's not a, that not a euphemism. Oh, nice. That's not a euphemism Right. In the will. But you're the best. You're my new favorite guy on the podcast. Do you have a place where you go whip out your sax and go play it? Fucking hang on man. I just said Will got that one. You don't have to jump on top Of. I'm trying to piggyback on that. Hey, did you hear what I did jump on top of Will's Thing? I'm Trickling up on it. Your turn, Sean. Get in there. Who That was good. I, I'll I'll take it off like, but like, do you have, do you have Yeah Yeah?


I'll take it off. There it is. Do you have a band that you play with or, or, or a jazz club that you go to every once in a while? No, and I've been like bounce, bouncing around on D So I played the sax and then I didn't do that. I, you know, when I went to Cal Arts, it was, it was kind of like a, a conservatory. The amount of time that you had to spend on all that. There was no time really to do anything but theater and voice and movement and dance Yeah. And all that stuff. So I just kind of dropped it. And then I was in New York doing a play. And I walked by a pawn shop. And I saw this beautiful tenor sax. And I was like, I'm gonna pick it back up again. I'm gonna see if I have any facility because, you know, you lose your re you use lose that musculature to be able to play it.


It's hard to get it back. So I started playing it again. And I sounded terrible. I was like, no, just hang out and just like, stay with it. So I started doing that. And then I took a gig, actually the Rat Pack movie and playing Sammy Davis Jr. Who Yes. Played drums and played trumpet and, you know, gun twirled and could play piano. Yeah. And So I kind of went back to school again having pri you know, having lessons from all of these teachers to learn how to do all these different things. Wow. And that's when I started trying to pick up the trumpet, which became something That was gonna, I didn't know I was gonna need later when I did the Miles Davis thing. So I've been playing bass more than anything lately and piano more than anything lately.


That's great. I haven't gone back to the sax I did I did bring a, I bought a really beautiful brand new sax and let this dude play it. And he just recorded an album with it. And it's like So I it, it's always in the periphery somewhere. But I haven't, you know, I think the most, a amazing experience I had in musical experience in the last couple years was Rob Glasper was at his, he was recording something. He said, Hey, come by. Come, come listen. And I said, yeah, keep a track open because I'm gonna bring the bass and I'm just gonna like, you know, kill you guys with some shit. So just keep the track open. I was completely joking. Yeah and So I came over. And I listened to him for a while and he goes, okay, here, here's the bass, let's go. And I said, no, no, no. I was, I was joking. I don't, I don't wanna play.


He is like, oh no, you're gonna play. And it became sort of like, you know, trial by fire. And, I don't play like that. But when you play with great musicians, you know Yeah. That they lift you up. Yeah. And they, it's Just like acting. God, I wish I could find that. Yeah. People lift Me up. It's fucking Unbeliev. I'm just dragging these two, you just stuck with these Guys. Don, you, you, you seem to be like, like so great at surrounding your life with the things that mean, you know, have great value to music, acting family. You always seem to be in philanthropy a great mood too. Like golf is golf, Yeah, Yeah. How do you do that? How do you, for people who don't know how to do that, where, where they're like, I'm st I'm in this ru like, to us, we've all found the thing that we love to do or things we love to do.


Yeah. How did you learn how to gravitate towards the good versus the bad? You know, the things that are good for you, the things that fill your soul rather Is a question than this. This is a question, this is an interviewer. Will, this is somebody who knows how to shape a question. Okay. Sorry. Go ahead Don. I love the comment. I'm just here for the pot shots from the sideline man. You know that Will's killing and you're killing the pot shots from the sideline, By the way. Thank you. I appreciate it, man. Oh. yeah. Don't encourage Him. I honestly have to attribute it. A lot of it, I have to attribute a lot of it to my upbringing. I was very fortunate to have and, and people get to it however they get to it, you know, I was very fortunate to have really solid parents.


You know, really sort of, you know, corny, traditional picket, fence three, you know, the 3.5 kids and a dog and the whole thing. I really was yeah. Able to grow up like that with parents. That never dissuaded me from going after what I wanted to go after. That's great. I think it was, you know, really fortunate that my mom was sort of a frustrated, you know, performer, a frustrated singer. So when I wanted to be an actor, she was like, yes, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like, so after that. That's Great. Did you have an older, do you have an older si sibling that knocked the crap outta you? Yeah when you got too, too, too big? Yeah. Well, she's a, she's a girl. So, I like, took advantage of the different mu you know, I had, I was stronger than her. Yeah Yeah. And then we moved into weapons and that's when I was like, oh, she's leveled the playing field, so we gotta chill out.


And that's when we stopped fighting. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah. But just really close knit family. And it's something I think I just wanted to replicate in my life. Yeah. And I'm really lucky that, you know, I have friends from when I was in elementary school still, and Oh, that's great. From college. That's great. And, and the people that I'm close to are still, are still in my life. And, I. Think we all know people who have gotten to a certain place and have looked around and they don't know anybody, that's no one that around them has been around them for five years. And you go, right, that person's probably gonna have some problems. So Yeah, Yeah, you need people who will laugh at you and say, you're not important. Chill out. I don't keep those people around because, because people can't breathe the air up here.


Yeah. The way I can. Yeah. You're one of the, you're one of those people we were talking about Will got The air is so thin up here. It's so, it's so rarefied that I can bear, I'm, I'm, I'm handing out masks to these two because I'm like, guys, we're going on a ride. We're going somewhere. We're going you somewhere or we're going down. No. Now Don, it's so important. I love that. It is, it is a measure of somebody, by the way, how many old friends they have from back in the day. Yeah. And I. Think I I'm with you on that. I think it's really great. I've got a lot of my old Yeah buddies too. Yeah. Now, now Don, I got a question here. You, you've been a part of so many incredible projects. I wanna know, it's crazy amazing. I wanna know if any of them felt or selt, like turds right in the middle of it.


And you were shocked at the end of it that it turned out so well. That's a good question. Projects like crash traffic, oceans 11, 12 or 13 traffic. Yeah. Out of Sight Boogie Knights. I mean Yeah, any of the, the, the Marvel stuff. Did any of 'em just like go, oh Jesus, what did I do here? I think I've had the opposite where I'm like, this thing's gonna crush and then it comes out And. I'm like, Ooh, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Not so Much Yeah. Yeah not so much. Right? I mean, we don't know, right? You just go in with, you know your best, you know, you've made the best decision you could and you go in and throw everything into it. And then sometimes it works out and sometimes it doesn't.


But I've never, you know, I've always had, I've always believed that the thing I've said yes to has value and it's gonna be good. And the experiences. Yeah. And then And then it turns into being what it's gonna be. I've been really fortunate to have really, really great experiences. I've had very few experiences where it's, it's a toxic set and people are horrible, you know? Yeah. I've just been very, very, I've been, I've, the things I've gravitated toward have gotten made. And I've just been very, very fortunate. I've had a very blessed career. You've clearly got a, got a nice connection going with Stephen Soderberg. Yeah Yeah. I heard the set of Chernobyl was toxic. Nice. Will. Hey, Nice. Hey, That's a great show by, but But you a fucking great show.


But you, you and you and and Soderberg have a great, a great rhythm going. Yeah. You see, you see working with him again in the future probably. Yes, of course. Right? Yeah. I mean we, we have stuff. We are trying to develop things as we speak. There's a couple things I love Out Of Sight is such a great fucking movie, man. I Isn't it good? So Underrated, overlooked. It's, It's such a good movie. Yeah. Yeah, God damnit, despite Clooney's looks, it's So, I know the Tough to get around, but Berg's just, he's soderberg iss such a beast. So a good guy too. But I mean like writing and directing and camera operating and editing. And I just, I I would imagine that's gotta be an, an easy voice to follow considering he's kind of Was this, are you trying to dovetail into you?


'cause that's What you're doing now. No, that's what I'd like to do. But can I take a minute to honestly actually Oh. yeah. There we go. Spike it. Spike it. He served it up. You might as well spike it There. Go guys. Take a, take a Second. I do wanna spike it. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a big, I'm a big Jason Bateman fan. I'm just gonna say I'm a big Jason Bateman fan and I'm really, I I love everything that I'm seeing you do. And I saw you in a round table talking about, you know, understanding as an actor what you are going to be doing as an editor and knowing when you get into the editing room, what you're gonna be able to use and not use. And how you gonna craft your, your performance based on that. And I was like, Well that's, that's so Fucking smart and such a cheat by the way.


Yeah. It's really, it's really fun. It's really fun. 'cause he lives his personal life like an editor too, so he's always thinking about the Results. So he's gonna cut you off. Fuck off. Yeah trimming you. Well now what will, what Don's doing here is he's dovetailing into his accomplishments as a director as well that he has. Not at all. No, I wanted to get into it. Yeah. He has gone, he has gone ahead and he's taken all the incredible set experience he's had and lent that to the directing experience. Right. I'll never do. And made everybody's life a lot easier. I would imagine you'll never do it again, do you? It'll come on. I'll never do it again. Why not? Bullshit It don't anticipate ever doing it again. What? Well, Come on. You've done it a handful of times at least. And you're That was enough.


It's really why, why is it the workload or the pressure or the time commitment or what? It's It's the pressure. Honestly. It's the pressure. It's, I think, you know, my agent one time said, you know, good actors are just like, can be and sometimes need to just be hard sons of bitches. They just have to be able to, not necessarily in how they deal with people, But. you have to have a, the ability to have stuff kind of roll off and be thick skinned and not have it be, you know, penetrate and keep moving. And, I. Think I have more, I'm more like sort of bandied about by the things that happened and the things I wasn't able to get.


And I. I just, and it, and it's something that I'm learned about myself going through that experience. I'm like, oh, well, I'm a lot more porous in that regard than I thought I was. Yeah Yeah. As an actor, you can ignore a lot of drama or problems or complications with the production, and you just kinda sit in your trailer and then someone else will figure it out. So director, you can't hide from Anything. None of it. Yeah. We'll be right back.


Everybody Is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from, each designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. For me, as you know, I chose the dusk lux, which is right in the middle, right? It's not, it's medium firm. It's not like hard firm or soft firm. It's medium firm because like my handshake, I am medium firm, but sometimes, you know, before bed, I can't sleep if I'm hungry. And So I throw it on a couple sloppy Joe's as my melatonin. And I'm down for some major Z's on my Helix mattress counting Sheep, sheep that eats Sloppy Joe's. This month you can get 25% off site wide, plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchased. And on top of that, you can get a free bedding bundle, which includes two dream pillows, sheet set and mattress protector. With any lux or elite mattress order, visit Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


FedEx doesn't know your small business yet. It could be coffee mugs, coffee mugs that say, but first coffee or coffee mugs that say, insert coffee here. Whatever your business FedEx knows. The last thing you wanna worry about is complex shipping. That's why there's FedEx one rate. Did you know that with FedEx one rate you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office? Send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. It's simple, reliable, and predictable. With FedEx one rate, you'll know your business's shipping costs ahead of time, guessing and stressing not included. So you can spend less time on shipping and more time on what really matters growing your business. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details. Exclusions apply valid at ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping, one flat rate.


This podcast is brought to you by Kleenex, lotion, tissues. You can't predict sick days, but with Kleenex lotion tissues, you can be better prepared for them while helping keep your skin healthy. Kleenex lotion, tissues moisturize to help prevent the added discomfort of red irritated skin while your battling those unwanted cold and flu symptoms. It's extra care when you need it most. With lotion built into every tissue, your skin stays moisturized and healthy. Keep relief within reach. Grab Kleenex, lotion tissues to help avoid the added discomfort of irritated skin during cold and flu season. Why not have one less thing to worry about when you're not feeling your best? We all know life is unpredictable But. you can be prepared for that time of year when germs are going around by making sure you've always got Kleenex, lotion, tissues at the ready for whatever happens next, grab Kleenex


And back to the show. John, you bring up a really good point, though. It is true. You know, actors, as we know historically, you take a lot of heat and people go like, oh, fucking actors. Or you hear people write like even people you grew up with, like, what's your life like now? You're an actor, you see that people have this sort of thing and And I always say, and they're like, Oh. yeah, But. You're just an actor. And I'm think like, yeah, I, I am friends with, I am an actor. I'm friends with tons of actors that are some of the most creative amazing people. And that's right on, on top of that to what you were saying there also, it, it is a tough road as you know, from when you're younger to, to start to do the things that you want to do. And you have to, you do put up with a ton of disappointment. You get kicked in the NS on a daily basis.


Yeah. You know, my own experience, I lived in New York for 10 years and was trying to get fucking work and just got kicked in the Ns and then as I'd go down to wincing in pain from getting kicked in the nuts, I'd get kicked in the face. Oh, you know, like Jason's like you saying like the show's not, here's the Ben, you, you, you're fired. And then the next day the show is fucking gone and you're like, fuck, I didn't need those two Kicks. Yeah Yeah. Right. And by the way, and it's not once a year, it's like yeah, two, three times a week, Four years Yeah. And that's if things are going well for you because those two or three, those two or three rejections each week mean you got two or three auditions that week, which is really good. Yeah Yeah, I'm not saying to feel sorry for, but, but it is Right Don, it's, it's a tough, you just keep going.


Do have to have a little bit of, you know, you show your medal a little bit. Well, for, for, for me, I really could, I sound like an idiot, Aaron, you know, complaining about anything about my acting career because again, I'm super, super fortunate. I've never done anything but this to support myself. I, you know, got my first job when I was still in college in my, you know, my junior year I got a gig. Oh, I did get fired from a job. That was actually the first job. I, I got an at and t commercial where a kid was supposed to be on the phone and sort of trying to dodge the questions that his mom was asking because he was not doing so well.


She goes, how are your grades? And he is like, my grades, oh, I can't hear you. This connection is bad. She's like, no, I can hear you great. And it was at and t you know, you can't fake the funk, you know, it was one of those things. So I was running on, my I was going out of the door to do this audition, and the phone rang in the hallway. And I just kind of knew it was for me. And I picked it up, it was my agent. She goes, Don, bad news, they're not, they're not going to use you in the spot. And I was like, what? Why? And she goes, they don't wanna portray a black kid as failing out of college. I was like, so they're going to give a white kid my job. Wow. Yeah. The irony of that Yeah Yeah. Boy, that is crazy Yeah, that's what's gonna happen is wild So.


I actually did get fired from the job I got. That was the first one, but yeah. But for me, the acting thing has been, I've been, like I said, I've been very blessed, very fortunate. But the directing part of it, yeah, it's, it's really just, it's, it's been these particular experiences I've had, I've had not, when I've directed my show, that's a little bit more of a, a comfort zone, a little bit more support I've had and a little bit more resources and people to, to rely on But. you know, I made, we made Miles ahead for $8.5 million Yeah. In a town that had, you know, only done one other movie before that where we would show up and there was like no redundancy in the departments. Yeah. You know, we'd have two cameras and only one camera man.


I'd be like, where's Phil? It's like, oh, he took a commercial in Dayton, you know, Yeah Yeah. Exactly. You know, coming in one day. And I was like, where's the, we had her in the scene. She's like, yeah, she didn't wanna come today. I'm like, but we sh she's in the scene. They're like, Yeah Yeah, she doesn't wanna come. So I'm like, put this woman in the dress, turn her back to the camera. Like every day. It was something like that. We're Solving problems just, But the hu problems that didn't make sense, like the fire alarm going off and then the fire, then the, the actual firemen coming and coming in while we're shooting the scene. And so, okay, I guess we'll shoot this MOS and just mime all these and we'll do it in post I I get, you know, just every day it was something like that. Yeah Yeah Yeah. My wife came out to see me and she said, you can't do this anymore.


You know, I lost weight. It was just, it was just bad. So, I have a lot of scar tissue Yeah. So maybe if I get, you know, some sort of procedure where I can scrape that off. I'll, I'll try it again. For The emotional scars. I have a question just about your acting style and, and approach. Because when I first saw Oceans 11, and which you were brilliant in, I, I'm not making this up like halfway through the movie, because of your accent, I was like, oh wait, is that, is that Don Cheadle? Like, you didn't do anything to your appearance, you just changed your kind of way. I don't know how to describe it. And it, it's amazing what an act, just an accent can do. How did you find the, the trust to do that?


Why that character like that? And how do you do that? Like in any character you approach It, it was written like that and I was going to change it. And my manager at that point said, there aren't black British people. I was like, oh, sh I mean, yeah. She's like, so why don't you just do it as how, how it's written? And I was like, yeah, Fuck. Oh. So it was written as I'll Try it. And so while I'm in my trailer with, you know, a vocal coach, a speech coach going over like dip thongs and Yeah. SCHs and stuff, they're out playing basketball. I'm like sitting in my trailer watching them play poker and have fun. And I'm like, you know, no, this works. No Uhuh. No, no. Sean, stand up.


Sean, stand up real quick. He's Sean's wearing a dip thong. Let's stand up real quick. Oh, that's nice. That's a nice D thumb. But I was famously murdered. You know, people hate, people are split right in the middle on that. The people that hate that hate it. When I was in London, I almost had to get security because hate what people wanted to kill me. Your accent based on how bad they thought that accent. Oh, The accent in Ocean. Why They hated it. And me, people literally drove, they would see me and come across four lanes of traffic to pull up next to me to scream at me about how bad the accent was. I was like, Oh, my God serious.


I totally bought it. I totally Bought it. Is it safe to say you'll never do another British accent again? Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Yeah. Doing an accent. I believe that would be It. It takes a lot of Guts. Very, very tough for me. 'cause you get, you're acting twice, right? You gotta do performance and you gotta do the accent and Some somehow just So would You make them pay twice, Jay? I know Jay very well. Would you make them pay twice? I Would like to, I would like To. What are we gonna say, Don? No, I'm just gonna say, and some of them, you know, fit better than others. Yeah that I've attempted to take on. Right. You know, Yeah, Yeah. But they're all, like you said, it's all tricky. Like you, you're kind of acting through a mask and you're trying to make that mask be as, as, as real and as facile as you can. It's tricky.


Right, right. Right. Now, all of these incredibly high profile films, which one do you think gave you the, the, the most useful bounce? Was it Devil in the Blue Dress? Yeah, I would, I would, I would guess Devil in the Blue dress was probably I was on picket Fences. Yeah. For a couple years before that. Oh, wow. Yeah, you know, I was 12th on the call sheet, and you guys know what that is. I'm sitting in the trailer all day and they're going, we're coming to you next. We're coming to you next. And they're like, oh no, we're not gonna use you today. And you'd been in the trailer for 12 hours. So I started writing. That's when I started writing. And just as survival. Right. Just to not go crazy.


But then along comes this film with Denzel Washington and it was, did did you, did you leave that project with, with any pearls of wisdom from Mr. Washington? I mean, it was an incredible experience. It was directed by Carl Franklin, who I did his a FI thesis project. You know, his a SI, his, his graduation project, So I had known him from before. So That was really old home and felt great. And Denzel And I from the audition on, which is online. Actually our audition is online. Oh no. No. Way. Yeah. And so is that pilot that I mentioned, by the way, every Wow. Find shit and upload everything.


Yeah. But we just had a great time. And of course I was just in awe of him. And, you know, worked as hard as I've ever worked on anything to make sure I was in the pocket, you know, when I was with him. I didn't come out. I was super methody, I was not great character. I was Mouse all the time. You know, I just stayed in it. And I. Yeah. I had a great experience. I loved that movie. And. I loved that experience. Would you, if you had, if you had, say you had a scene with a, because you know, you're Denzel now to to to to, to a young actor, if you were to do a film with it, what, what, what would you say to a young actor today that you wish you'd known back when you were just starting out?


You know, anything Outta my fucking life. Right. Don't you upstage me or shadow me? You dare attempt to Overshadow me. But we do, we do have a tendency to overcomplicate things. Right. And, and things get more simplistic as we get older, you know? I wondered, aside from just that generality, what, is there anything specific? I'm trying to think myself, what I would tell somebody, you know, Probably, probably step away from my bmw. Would you, would you be showing Yeah. Get your hands Off. Which, which, which of your BMWs mr. That's a great, that's very good. I just think that, you know, like we, I think people underestimate, you know, to what Will was saying earlier, is it what, what we really do, I think people think it's super, super easy and then they try it and they're like, oh, you're actually trying to be very naturalistic inside a completely unnatural environment where Yeah, somebody's standing in your eye line, chewing gum and you know, somebody, somebody else is making noise off somebody's, you know, walkie talkies going off and you've gotta act like this is the first time you've ever done or said any of these things.


And it's so weird. I think that you only do that well if you really prepared and you've really done your homework and you're not here just because you think it's gonna be cool to cut line at a restaurant. You know, it's like, right. This is, this is a real, this is really, I'm not, we're not rocket scientists and we're not, you know, jumping outta airplanes or whatever the hardest shit there is to do or ditch digging. But there is a craft. But we can play them best, But we play the shit out and we learn about them. That's another thing. Good actors are students, so we're always in the lab. Right? Right. We're always trying to, if I play a doctor, I'm gonna read up on doctors, I'm gonna follow doctors, I'm gonna go to hospitals, I'm gonna try to sit next to 'em.


If I'm playing a cop, I'm gonna do a ride along. I'm gonna So I feel like that part of it often gets overlooked. That we are always in school. You know, we're always trying to learn new things. So true. So I think that's a great boon for us as artists, that we are always expanding ourselves. Yeah. Now Sean doesn't want you to get away without, you know, searching your memory for a, a really a tough theater story. You know, Yeah like forgetting your lines or trying to give from something going wrong. You know, anything going wrong. A sandbag fell from above. And What And I landed in the first row in the woman's lap and she said, you think you're drunk? Wait till O'Toole comes out. Or something like that.


Right. Sean? Is that what you were Oh, You were at that performance. Of course you were there. That's exactly right. But I said, wait till my tool comes out. Yes. Double double guns. Double guns. Yes. Donchalant Donchalant Strikes again. Fuck And I dance. Is that you Sean? Oh, this is me singing. Yeah, it's horrible. Here we go. It's so bad. I like okay. Hang on's enough. Is That tabla? Is that some tabla? It's okay. That's good. You know what It is like, it's like Jimmy Somerville from Bronski Beat was put in the back of a van and driven to, to Beirut and forced to make a fucking Middle Eastern dance record.


Jimmy Somerville in Beirut That was the name of the album. Oh. yeah. Did you ever see, by the way, did you ever see Ricky TVA's music videos or anything? Oh? yeah. Those music H brilliant. Yes. Yeah, that's what, that's I'm similar path. Oh. my God. But yeah. Do you have any like tragic, horrible theater gone wrong? My tragic, the most tragic thing other than a real injury that I suffered during a play, same play by the way. We were doing Simline at the public that Joanne, a colitis directed who you know, is experimental director from Mabu Mines. If people wanna go back and look at all that stuff, she's great. But we had an actor, Stefan Schnabel, who played the doctor in this play.


And you know, it's a, you know, kind of a, a, a stereotypical Shakespeare fifth act wrap up where one character knows everything that happened in the play. Like you are his niece. Right. And she actually has the potion. Right. And this king knew him as a, like, they unwrapped the whole thing and we're all on stage going, oh, that's how da da da. So he had this last, you know, speech that he had to give. Stefan was, I think 98 at the time. Oh Wow. So it comes time for him to wrap this up and he goes up That forgets his lines. Yeah. Forgets his line goes up, forgets his lines for those who went to Yeah, Tracy Theater, vernacular Yeah.


And he starts stammering and making up words and, and, and basically just sort of like trouble, you know, standing in place and teetering and no one, you can't give somebody a, in Shakespeare, you know, it's not, we're not doing something naturalistic. You can't come up with some I, you could try to come up with some I am big pentameter and like slip a line in there to help him along the way. But it went on so long that first the audience sort of laughed and then realized, oh, it's not a bit, and stopped laughing. And then the other half the audience laughed and then half the audience shush. That part of the audience that laughed. No. And then the actors on stage kind of were starting to laugh, you know, those two that would start to laugh and everybody's like, shut the fuck up.


And everybody stops laughing and he's still kind of Still Trying to pull it off. He doesn't think anyone's Noticed trying to pull it off. This went on for probably a two minutes, you know how long two minutes is? Yeah Yeah Oh. yeah. You, I mean, you, you guys have died for two minutes for sure. Collectively on this show. Oh yeah. For 100%. Oh, Yeah Yeah. It feels like a long time, But yeah, it's a long time. And finally she says it's Not Joan Cusack, who was the, the lead in it who played simply just finally just started saying his lines. She just couldn't take it anymore. Yeah. Just took over and he kind of revved up and got through it and then got off stage And. he said, I want to kill myself. Yeah. I have to quit Yeah. I've never wanna act. And You're like, you're 98. There's no point.


Sorry. Yeah. You're gonna be dead soon, I guess is What, Is what Joan said to try to like, you know, bolster his, his ego. Good lord. Yeah. That's the scariest thing. Wow. Fuck. It Was, it was really sad. Going, going up, going up on your dialogue like that on stage. It's The scariest thing in the world, Right? There's just Nothing Yeah. You don't need that crap at 98. There's nowhere to hide. Yeah. Yeah. There's nowhere to hide. To hide. Right. But now Don, you're like one of the sweetest people ever. What pisses you off? Because I can't, the few times I've met you, even today, you're always just very in the middle, very cool, calm, collected. Is there, is there gummy program? What's that? Gummy I said. I'm on that gummy program. Yeah Yeah. I bet, I bet he's not happy when he blades a bunker shot.


Right? You hit that ball right in the belly coming outta the sand trap. It, it is just, it ne you're never happy. That's what pisses you off. Yeah Yeah it immediately, but then I kind of let it go. You know, I think like stupidity without any desire to not be stupid pisses me off. I don't mind if you're stupid. People can be stupid. But when there's are like incurious and don't wanna actually look under the stupidity and see where that stupidity From Oh Yeah are better themselves. Yeah. That, that kind of pisses me. And you know, as we can see, it's incredibly dangerous and you know, yes. We Amen. We're in a sweet spot of stupidity right now for a lot of people. And Yeah. Would that, would that, that and that, would that extend across all sort of areas that sort of stupidity?


Like whether, whether it's history or language or just geography, even basic geography of states and cities within the country that we live. Uhoh Uhoh. Like I'm, People didn't know where, how, where a city was, where Yeah, Yeah, They, Don Dunno where a city been explained to them. Like, like, Fuck, this feels like a shot. This is definitely Hey Sean. No, No, no, no, no, no. I think Will's just trying to use in a general, This is very general. I'm just trying to get a general sense of a Time. Yeah. Because Sean, remember earlier in the, in the show, And I had a problem with Kansas. Well, ignorance Isn't stupidity, you know, ignorance is, anyone can be ignorant, you know? That's true. Anybody can be ignorant. Thank you Jason. So Don, Don, honestly, you've been a dream. You're just an, you're such a cool guy. We've never hung out.


We, we threatened once I was on a I was GI, Joey Russo wanted me to get in into ah, Yeah Yeah Football Fantasy league. And I said no. And Joe said, well just stay in the chat and talk shit Yeah, even though you don't want to play. And I did for about six months, I think. Really? Yeah. You were in there. You were in there. It was great. And Pratt and Ru Joe and yeah, it was fun. It was a Lot like this, just like pot shots from the side. There was a lot of pot shots. Will well, you know, will, will, you and Don should go out and play some golf while I'm on my golf hiatus. And, and then I'll, I'll rejoin a minute. You guys in the end of fall. What happened? Why are you on the hiatus? I got some More. He's in a hiatus. 'cause he is working. He shot a, he shot an even par 70.


Yeah. But, you know, two weeks ago. But who, who cares really? You know, it's not a big deal. But listen, thank you for joining us today. Don. Don Will, will you make me this pledge when you come back that you And I'll play. Can we do that? Can we say that'll happen? 100%. Okay, Great. He's the absolute greatest. Sean, do you play This should be the foursome. I I, I could, I always say I could drive the cart. He loves to drive the cart. It's a day That's so much funny. We get him a soda, we get him like a float, like a root beer float and he drives the cart Next time, next time You're Soda. Sometimes a Shirley Temple, but it's a lot of sugar. It's a lot that he's very, Very groggy. And, and by the 17th hole he is kind of, kind of irritable.


A little, little ah, A little grumpy guys. It's good. Just pick it up. We gotta go. That's Totally me. Love you Don. Thank you for saying yes. Yeah. Love you pal. Enjoy the rest of your day down there in Atlanta and say hi to our friend Mr. Hart, please. I will. Thanks guys. Great seeing you today. See you Dude. Thank you Don. Bye buddy. Yep, yep. I love Don Shalon. It's so Good. JB what a great, what a great, great, Great guest. Yeah. He's the best God. He's So. I. Love that Dude. Doesn't not your shoulders just drop when you're talking to him. Yes. Yeah, He's cool. Yeah. I Mean he's just, he's he's such a, I Can't even follow word in another one Of those mega talent. He falls into that category.


Mega talent And universally love. And we, yeah, we say this all the time. It seems like the people who work all the time also have wonderful personalities. Yeah, I agree. Like, Well Yeah because, well, Jamie, you know, you're a, you're a director. It's, it's big part of your career now and your life. And when you're deciding between, you have a lot of options to, to do stuff with a lot of different people. And part of the calculus, I imagine is who do I wanna spend the next four months with? It's Huge for sure. And it's, it's before I even start to get excited about the idea of them coming on and that's cast or crew, I, I, I'll do, I'll do, I'll do zooms with people that I may not even see on the set.


And, I just need to know that they're not going to, you know, wreck it with their Right. Not being nice people. Yeah, it's important. But he is, he's amazing. And And, I could have, I could have just gone on forever and ever. We didn't get to much of anything, which is what we do on this show, I guess. Sorry, Listener. You know, we get a lot of complaints about that. I think that some from some people who say like, oh, you guys didn't, you just, and what they forget is like, we're just so excited to see Don. Yeah, right. Yeah, so a guy like Don. So we just start talking and we Just Yeah, we're not journalists, we're just, we're not three dummies that we want to just talk a little bit Yeah and can't believe anyone's listening. So Yeah and If you're like, oh, why didn't you, why didn't you get to do what Don's favorite dog type is?


We're like, sorry. Yeah. We were just excited. We just wanted to talk shit with him. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like Right. That's on the SmartLess extras if you want to know his favorite dog type. Exactly. Or, or talk about like vacation spots. Like, I don't know, like have, has he ever been to Thailand or Mumbai or like Mumbai Mum. Mumba SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barba Co and Michael Granter Smart Less.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal. Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA where you get 30 us blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this other information really carefully. DIA is subject to risks similar to those of stocks all ATS or subject to risk, including possible loss of principle ALPS Distributors Inc. Distributor.