
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is that applying is quick and easy. Apply in the Wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs, bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com


This season Secrets will be spilled. The new season of Yellow Jackets is coming to Paramount Plus with Showtime and with a star-studded cast and award nominations galore. You don't wanna miss out on the buzz. It's about a high school soccer team that gets stranded in the woods after their plane crashes. And these girls do some pretty crazy stuff to survive. And when they grow up, everything comes back to hunt them. The new season of Yellowjackets is now streaming on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's, we help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lows.com/terms subject to change.


Well, the fans are filing in here at SmartLess Arena and we're ready for a great game. I think that all the teams today are ready to go. And there's a lot on the line here. So let's see how they do over here on an all new SmartLess. Smart. Smart. Less smart, less. Listen, I just wanna say this, Jay. I haven't, 'cause I haven't until now. I think it's so brave. Uhoh for you to, with, with your eyewear to go.


Sally, Jesse, Raphael. 'cause I I love the look. I I for me. I love it. Well, Sally, Jesse would be a, a red. A red. Yeah. This is a black. But those do look like the same Shape. The same shape. Yeah. They're the same shape. Wait, do am I usually wearing a different pair of glasses, aren't they? I don't The same know, but for some reason, for some reason today, No, those look a little more, they, They're casting you in a different light. They're casting you in a different role. Well, maybe it's because I'm suffering deeply from Covid. No, maybe that's what you're seeing. Will, you don't have it? Why don't you have a little bit more sympathy for me? Because I'm lousy with covid. VID Do you really have itt? Yeah, But I didn't cancel today. I'm gonna fight through and I'm going to do a great session.


Wait, Do you feel like shit? No, I'm on day six, so I'm still testing positive. But the symptoms are all but gone. I don't know if you can, I still sound a little kind of 1993 Sunday morning, you know, a little backed up a little. Oh no. Schnitt. Yeah. So you've had to tough it out there at your house. It's not that tough. I, I've been Nine's old house. Old old Goose Shack. I'm, I'm feeling, is That what we're calling Goose Shack? The Goose Shack? The go Remember he was Oh, the goose. Oh, that's right. Chronic Masturbator. Apparently I don't, Okay, can I tell you that You wanna hear a funny story? Sorry. Lemme just close the covid loop for one second. Okay.


Yeah. Go, go ahead and let me say thank you to all the geniuses that, that developed this vaccine. Because I could tell that this is, I've had a pretty minor thing, you know, but were it not for the vaccine, I could tell this would not just be a cold. Yeah. This, this would be, there's, there's, there's, there's a little engine in this thing. Yeah. That the vaccine neutralizes pretty well. So thank you to the smart folks in the world, the scientists and whatnot. So You're welcome. Well, well, yeah. From Sean and I from the bottom of both of our hearts. You're welcome. And Dark, Cold hearts. So What were we gonna say? Will, So there's a, in this where I'm, where I'm, I currently am, and I'm, let's just keep it anonymous 'cause I don't want to.


But there's a, there's a certain chain department store nearby here. One of the people on our crew, he tells me that there's a, on a certain app on his phone that's used for male hookups, uhoh, that the, that the, that the bathroom and changing room at this place has glory Holes. What's the address? What's the address? Hold On. Wait, did you, was there an s on the end of hole Holes? So I want to, can we double back to the multiple holes? 'cause I got questions, but go Ahead. Yeah, for sure. And so as we're working on the show, I have worked it into virtually every aspect of hosting this thing. People talking about their Lego and their build.


And this thing has a hole. And I go, somebody did a cruise ship, but I said, you know, the only cruising I do is in the men's department over at blah, blah, Blah. And the contestants have no idea what I'm talking about. And all the crew are dying. 'cause everybody now knows about this. Wait, who's, Who told you This? A guy on our, a guy that I work with who's on one of these apps, abs hysterical for hooking up with other dudes. Yeah. And goes, guess what you'll never believe, like less than a mile from here is a full hookup thing. Glory, plural, holes right at this place. And I said, why wouldn't it just be hookup? It's, why is it glory holes? Like, is that a real thing? He said, yes. That's Like leftover from the eighties. I didn't know that existed anymore. Well, so, so first of all, the, the, the, the general concept of the glory hole is you can go ahead and you can put put, put put yourself in there and see what you get kind of thing.


Or is it, is it for those? It Depends. First of all, it depends on what side of it you're on. That's Right. Well, I love that you guys are, you can ask me. Well, Oh yeah. Sean, have you ever been to a glory Hall? No. Uhuh. But, but is the concept that you're too ashamed to have a face-to-face hookup and that you just wanna put it in the mystery box? I I, to, to be honest, I don't understand because the mystery box, you don't know what's on the other side. You don't know the age, the STD level of that Person. Then that was my next question. If you have multiple holes, and so I'm imagining that they vary in girth. And so will that then tell you a, where you sit in the, in the, the whole scale of things, but also what, what what you're, what you're hoping is on the other side.


I don't, but see, I don't know if it's ever, ever revealed. I don't think it's ever revealed you, it never gets revealed. I think, are we, are we crafting a new reality show that like we might be, there's a reveal on the other side of somebody? Well, aren't You just kind of will. You can, why? Why don't You, oh, I wanna go over there so bad. Yeah, Yeah. Go over there with your iPhone and just photograph what these holes look like and maybe what sort of, what sort of language I, And then we're gonna be like, we haven't heard from Will in two hours. My Dr. And the other thing is I wanted to like that, that we drive by every mornings like 7:00 AM We drive every day. And just like, there's like a line and it's like the mayor, the local pastor, like all these people, They're all coming outta the shop, Right. And they're all in there and, and then the manager of the place go is like, man, I mean, we got a line backed up here every day, but we do not move a lot of product.


It's strange. But everybody, it just seems to, everybody's all filled up before they come in here. They empty and they leave the, they're empty Or they, and they go, they, they, they go in the dressing room and I guess nothing fits. We got the wrong product. None of our product is fitting anybody. That's hysterical. We haven't sold a shirt. Can you imagine my delight when he told me this? Yes. When he told me that this was going on. I was Does he By the, by the way, does he frequent this place himself? No, he hasn't gone. He hasn't gone. But he sure. That's what he says. That's what he says. Yeah. Alright, well you go, you bring us back a video, would you? I will, I'm, I'll get, I'll keep you guys posted. Sorry. Anyway. And then send it to me as well. Alright. So this is a perfect segue. Okay. And to our guest.


Okay. Wow. I can best describe our guest today as that guy from that thing. But truly he's in everything. You may know him from SNL, which doesn't narrow it down much. Although he is credited for co-creating Bill hater's iconic character of Stefan. He's got not one but three Netflix comedy specials. He stars as a chipmunk and Chippendale rescue Rangers on Disney Plus. Boy does he make me laugh. It's Mr. John Mullaney. John Mulaney. John Mullany has fucking at him. Hey John, what do you have to say about the whole glory hole thing before we wrap that up? Is it drywall? Good question. Because I always thought it was the wall of a bathroom stall, which would be metal.


Metal, right? Yeah. No, that's a separator, right? Yeah. That's for wide stance folks that It would have to be, it would have to be drywall. Yeah. Or plywood. Or plywood. Wow. That's scarier. Yeah. I've gotta go check it out. I mean, obviously I'm, I'm just obsessed with knowing the answer to all of this. Sure. I just wanna know what's written around it. You know, like usually somebody's really kind of really running their mouth there when they write shit on a, on a, on a, on a, on a separator. Right. Between a stall On a separator. But you think maybe there'd be more grace and dignity to the glory hole where it's like there's no need to write crude things. Some sort of encouraging line, you know, The act itself is very, Because it's about Love. Yeah. And this is, it's all love. And we're gonna move through it with love.


Maybe It's a Washington Post thing. The truth dies in the darkness. Go ahead and enter something like that. Yeah. You don't need all the arrows in the innuendo and the little limericks, which are in poor taste. Yeah. It must not be childish. We all know why we're, why We're here. It's a helmet. On a helmet. Do you think that there's like some ink, ink, hair, you know, like some drawing of some hair and stuff like that? Or is it just like a big smiley face? I'm Sorry, what? Okay. I could see if they have those screens you sometimes see in elevators that give you like the news. You know, they give you like limited financial and entertainment news In case you've got stamina. Yeah. If you're standing there for a while, you want to know what If it says something in like, something inspiring. Like, you know, when the football players run through it like Notre Dame and there's something over the door.


If there's just something real inspiring over It, what would get you charged up Will What? What would you wanna slap? Like go, Go, go. You know, I don't know. Like, you know, go forth. Go Get 'em. Yeah, go get them. Go get 'em. You know, go bravely into the void or something. You know What I mean? Let me tell you something. This is not the way we started our session with David Renick. Okay. I can, I Know can assure you that John Mulaney It is how you started with Vik Murthy. I think you Believe It's almost the exact same banter, which is very similar. It's a major lift. But That was more about the dangers of a glory Hole. I know. 'cause he's gotta be that guy. He Has to, He has to. Mr. Mullaney, thank you for being here today, Jill Ney.


I'm very, very flattered to be here. I have, I've listened to I think almost every episode of the Show. No, no we don't. Well, will you listen to your own? Absolutely. Yeah. Alright. Good. Yeah. John Mulaney, I, I am such a, and I, I think we all are such big fans. Your last Saturday night Live was so, they all, they're all great. But that last one was so fucking funny. So funny. Your monologue was genius. I was like, it was so funny. That is so nice. How do you find such comfort? Such comfort in such ease? Is it because you've been there so long? Right? It like home, right? It is a little bit like, yeah, it's like going back to school in a way. 'cause you fall right back into the same, like fall back into the same insecurities and securities.


Right. And in terms of doing the monologue, it's so scary and it's so many people that it's laughable. I think I get relaxed because if something went wrong it would go so wrong. Right. And there'd be no way around. No one could talk me down and go, it's okay that you accidentally And you can't blame anyone else. 'cause you're writing your own monologue, right? Yes. Yeah. And it's, you right into the, not right into the lens, but basically, Basically into the lens. Melaney the first, so you first got hired at, at SNL as a writer. Yes. Correct. Yeah. But, But Bill, sorry to Interrupt then you performed. Yeah. Just interrupt Sean, Don't interrupt. Go Ahead and just, You know, so then No, no. Let me, let me say something. Let me say something. Good. Good. You're right.


I was hired as a writer. There you go. Okay. Fucking God, Sean. And then let's move On You. So wait, listen, John, Sean Sue Will's point. We Haven't I Wait, this gotta be a great question. Hold on. Everybody get it Sean? No, I was gonna say you were before SNL, you were discovered from the Conan from late night with Conan. Is that true? And how did that go down? Like somebody who saw you on that and what was that like? The talent department at SNL saw me on Conan. Hang On. What's a talent department at SNL? What does that mean? It's the most, it's just a room of the most talented people in the world. Got it. That we call them the talent. Got it. The, let me see. But you know, also they saw me on Conan O'Brien, but I was doing Ascat monologues that same summer and I I with, when Amy and Seth were doing Ascat Lot, so Amy Poer, Seth Meyers were doing Ascat, which is an improv thing at Upright Citizens Brigade.


So, which Is at 20, which at that time was at 26th and eighth under gr. Yeah. And they might've, you know, I haven't, I think they kind of floated my name there as well. That seems familiar. Yeah. Yeah. Because I knew some folks that were working there. And the desire was to be a writer or a performer or both? No, I auditioned as a performer, but it's So, I don't know. There's so much, it's so fluid between the two. So you're doing, so you're doing monologues at Ascot. How did you know Amy and Seth to do that? Like did you were an on a tea improv team at at UCB or Anything? You were standing No, I was an, I'd been an intern at UCB and I was taking classes there.


When I first moved to New York in 2004, I was taking classes there and I was an intern there, which meant I was taping garbage bags to the ceiling. Sure. So that McDonald's water could leak down into the theater without slashing on the good folks. Did you start, did you start at 26th and eighth at that theater? Yeah, I started at 26th and eighth. I'd been to the old, the first theater a couple times in college. Right. And this was the second less fire hazard of the theaters. The, and I, yeah. So I was an inter I was a janitor there. A janitor on Saturday nights for, let's see, respecto, were they that Night? Respecto Alban Respecto Alban class. Is that for a while? The NYU Hammer Cats had a slot there.


These are all improv teams. Okay, Got it. And I would watch them as I taped the garbage bags to the ceiling because water was actively Linked. Wait, Lanni, our audience, who is in Respecto Over the years, let's see. Rob Hubel, he's great. Owen Burke and, and the rest and all of them were in it. Will Willie didn't you will I I did a monologue, didn't I? At, at Ascat or You Sure did, did a couple times. I remind me how that, I just remember that You had the sniffles that night. I remember. Did I Really? You had the Saturday night sniffles I think. Yeah. Sunday. I still was I still enjoying? I Don't Know. But I remember it being very nerve wracking.


Yeah, you did it a couple times at, at 26 and eighth. Now re remind. How did that go? Remind me. I guess I was in a blackout or other things. It's, it's a Harold. We'll have melaney remind you how it Goes, John. Yeah. So you, you stand there and then you do, you get, don't you get sent like one word from the audience and then you gotta do a whole literally a, just do a improvise. A whole monologue about that one word licorice. You're scented in that they say it, you ask. Yes. But you get people yell out multiple words. And I would say you pick the one closest to, And then you just Something you might have anything to say about Yeah. And Then you just freestyle a story. But it has to last like five or 10 minutes. Right. I Think it's Only five minutes. And it's supposed to be true. Yes. Oh Really?


It's supposed to be a true story. Yeah. Why did you make your shit up? I don't, I don't remember. I honestly don't. How long ago was that? Wasn't that like 20 years ago? That Was like, that was like 2003. I mean, would it be fair to say will that, like it could be a full story with an arc, but almost if you just gave details of Yeah. Anything. Even if even you just walked us through a procedure. Yeah, yeah. I would never You what? Once you do it more and more. 'cause really what you're there to do is you're in service of the improvisers who are standing on the stage behind you. Right. And you're trying to give them as many ideas to inspire them to create sketches, improvised sketches based on that. So Do you wanna know my story? So, so Sean, Sean, Not really Sean. God, what is with you today? God fucking, I know you're the star of goodnight Oscar.


But here, there are other people. Okay. So maybe in Chicago with your armed with your fucking stellar reviews, you can just bus your way through shit. But here, not yet. There are other people. Anyway, John, so sorry. But that was the thing, right? John? You're just trying to give them ideas. Yeah. You're just trying to give like texture and details. I mean, they're not gonna, they're not gonna perform your story front to back. Right. And your story doesn't Well it's, it's a, yeah. Front to back. That is the way to do it. Right? My Story. Do you have something you wanna say, Sean? My Story's pretty good for my ass Catt. Here we Go. It's pretty good. It's really short. So, so Armani the Armani, Georgie Armani invited me. This is so long ago.


We don't need invited me Armani. Okay. The Armani And Armani. Yeah. Somebody in extended Family, like the puppy. Do you see how funny this is? Okay, here we go. So we go to, he invited me to go to some fashion show in Milan. So I go there. Who, who Did Georgio Armani At the real Georgio Armani. At the first, at the original story. At the original. Not to be confused with George Armani, who lives in the North Valley here. Okay, Go ahead. So I go there, there I go there, I watch the thing and then he invites, there's this party at his house afterward. And So I get one of the guys that works there.


Wait, How is this related to Ask Cat? This is the, this is the story I told for Ascat. No, it was a gathering. Ask Cat's, a gathering of people. And it sounds like this is too Sure. Wait, so you told the story of going to Armani's house. Yes. And then I went to the house and I, I grabbed the guy who worked at the party and I said, I want to see the rest of his house. He's like, he really doesn't allow that. I'm like, please, please, please. So I go up to his, he gets in this elevator. I go up to his, the bedroom floor, right? And I go into his closet 'cause I wanted to see what clothes he wore. And in his closet is all in a line like 50 Navy shirts and 50 pairs of jeans below it. All the exact same. Lined up, Exact same. And it's all Tommy Hilfiger. And it's all Tommy Hilfiger.


Were you, Were you caught? It's all from the gap. I wasn't, I got, I hightailed out there 'cause I thought I was gonna get shot or something. Did you take, you did. Did you steal anything and be real? No, no, no, no. I didn't steal Anything. Great story. And now a word from our sponsor.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


You.


And we deserve snacks that are better for you and incredibly delicious. And that's where Skinny Pop Popcorn comes in. Skinny Pop uses quality ingredients to bring you the light and tasty flavors you love. The original Ready to Eat popcorn is made up of just popcorn, kernels, sunflower oil, and salt. That's it. In addition to the original popcorn, skinny Pop also offers a variety of delicious flavors from white cheddar to sweet and salty kettle popcorn. Skinny pop popcorn is always non GMO gluten-free. And there are many vegan options too. So stop everything and add skinny pop to your grocery list. It's okay. We'll wait. So for me, whenever Scotty and I are gonna watch a movie at home, I mix the original popcorn with the kettle popcorn 'cause the kettle's a little more sweet. But the right original is a little more salty. Do you get what I'm going for? It's kind of like how I cut my apple juice with water. Anyway. Skinny pop popcorn, deliciously pop, perfectly salted shop. Skinny pop. Now


life these days moves at lightning speed. But we all need a moment to recharge for what's ahead. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. The ultimate space to catch your breath and reenergize with available features like massaging, leather appointed seats, a panoramic moonroof, a Bose premium sound system, and ambient lighting. The Murano is thoughtfully designed to be your personal sanctuary. Readying you for whatever the day brings because sometimes the greatest rush is not rushing at all. Discover it now at nissan USA dot com. Features listed are available upgrades.


Alright, back to the show Anyway. Listen John, so you are from Chicago. I didn't know you're from Chicago. Yeah. And you went, how long did you live here? And you grew up here Zero to 18. Yeah, I grew up in Lincoln Park. Wow, I didn't know that. Yeah. You're from The burbs. Yeah. Sean's in Chicago right now. I know, I can tell from his hat and the view and the fact that I know he's there. Is that Sean? Is that this? Is that. So I've always wondered what that, so listener Sean has on a hat with the four stars and the blue stripe across the top and a blue stripe across the bottom. That's a Chicago flag or an Illinois flag? Chicago. Chicago flag. City of Chicago. So the city of Chicago has its own flag. Is it the only most cities do City LA doesn't have a city flag, does it?


I'm Sure it does. Guaranteed it does. Yeah. Guaranteed. Huh? I'm sure it does. I'm doing a Google search, right. New York City does. Wait, wait, wait. Sean, Melinda, you'll be happy to know that when we were in Chicago doing our, our shows live, that Sean's generous friend came by and brought us Chicago hats. Yeah. Wow. 20. Yeah. Different Chicago hats. Chicago. Like literally 20. Steve Horvath. Yeah. Steve Horvath very kind of him. And, but I was, So, I was, how would we need to know? It was very, it was, it was very generous. Sounds like it was a lot. It Was a lot. Sounds like it was too many hats. Well, no, The way you're describing it, it's not ba I'm not getting, it was just a generosity vibe.


It's it's a lot of hats. Yeah. The amount was surprising. Loved it. I'll say this. Right. And you probably had like carry-ons for the tour, you know, had carry-ons. You didn't want, you had to carry-ons. You had to now carry 20, 20 hats in a laundry bag from the four Seasons or something. That's right. Do you have merch at your shows, John? Yes. Thank you for mentioning. That's Short for merchandise. Sorry, John, What is your merchandise, John? Wow. I get to plug the merch. I have a T-shirt that says I saw him just after he got outta rehab. That would be the best seller right now. No Way. Yes. It says that and it has the tour. So John, so Melania, you grew up, you grew up in Chicago. When did you start, did you start doing standup or did you start doing sketch? What, what, what was your trajectory Like outside of a high school environment?


I started doing, I did standup at a couple, not even open mics, just like weird variety nights at places. Like the note in, in near Wicker Park. But that's ballsy though. It's a just start to do standup. Was it, were you scared? I I had weirdly high self-esteem when it came to that. Not really about any other part of life, but I was like, yeah, no, I'm, I'm a headline. I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this. This is gonna be great. People are gonna be talking about this. And then I did improv in college. I auditioned for the improv group my fourth day of college. And the director was a young man named Nick Kroll. No way.


Wow. He cast me. Yeah. He, he was a senior. I was a freshman and he cast me in the improv group. Very much changed my life. That's amazing. Wait, where was this? What college was this? This was Georgetown University. In Washington. D dc Right. Where You studied theology as well? Yeah, English and theology. Why? Oh, I thought wanna Be a priest? No, I mainly studied Jewish theology. There just, there was a very good, there were a couple very good Jewish studies professors at Georgetown. And I just found it much more interesting theology. 'cause it's a lot more like, what the hell do we know? You know? Yeah. What do we know from anything? Yeah. Catholics was a lot more like, this is the, you know, do this and you'll, you'll spend this many days in fire, but then you can get out if someone prays for you.


There were too many rules, too much structure. Right. Judaism was a lot of like, who the, who the hell are you to ask? You know, like, is there a God? Like who the hell are You? Sounds like shorter chapters, which is probably smart. Excuse me. Who the hell are you to ask that? Why is there water? Get Outta here. Get outta here. Mind you, Business now, were you, were you a weisenheimer in, in, in school when you were a little kid and that's who you thought maybe there might be a, a a, a way to make a living here? I remember in third grade, a teacher gave me an article like Xerox from Esquire. Like it wasn't for kids, it was a, it was like an, it was an article and it was, it was about this guy, Henry Beard who wrote for the Harvard Lampoon, the National Lampoon.


And the name of the article was the original smart ass white guy. And she slipped it to me, miss Al. And she said, I, you'd be into this guy and this type of thing. That's cool. And yeah, it was cool. But I don't recall being like a troublemaker. But But You knew that you had skills, you were making kids laugh that that felt good. Yeah. And you wanted more. And I was kind of a writer performer in that I would tell more poorly behaved children what might be a funny thing to do. Right. Like what if someone threw that out the window right now? Yeah. And they would take the bait and you would watch. Yeah. That'd be pretty be pretty crazy if someone just threw their potato battery out the window right now. You know?


Right. Can you imagine how that'd be crazy? I know you're pretty unstable. God, you would've, you've got a lot going on at home. Maybe, maybe you'd be like a king for a day if you did that. You know, I'd really, You'd be great in a cult. Do you know that you'd be great if you worked in a cult? I think I'd be pretty susceptible. I I I don't have a lot of cult confidence. I I don't know how, I don't know if I'd be the leader. I think I'd be a member and I, and it'd take me a while to, it'd take me a while to see, see the, I Know. Are you saying there wasn't a lot of bad behavior when you were a little kid? Like, 'cause I'm just going through as soon as you said battery. I, I had a just horrible memory of me and my friends. Like throwing batteries at like, stuff like, and there's, there's more detail to that. I Remember, I remember we got caught tagging up a garage.


Yeah. We were always, we were really You were in a tag crew? Yeah. And my tag Was hat sideways. Tell me the hat was sideways. No, I just a little It was, we wrote, we wrote we are the fuckers. Sure. And did you spell fuckers all weird? Like, no, I spelled it normal. Like scary, weird. FUK To me it was just the, the declaration. We are, we are the fuckers of What, 11-year-old Of What? Of everything man. Of anything. Especially a garage door. You guys are hardcore. So you could have gotten in trouble if you, if you'd gotten caught, you could have gotten in trouble for, for for a few dozen things when you were a kid or, or not.


Yeah. And we, I had a real, I didn't have a pyromania phase, but my good friend did. And I would supervise, I kind of supervised that a little. You weren't mean to to cats or anything, were You Not at all? No. Okay. Not at all. Love was allergic to cats. So we were had kind of agree to disagree relationship cats and I But Would, would you put like food, food coloring and in in in beverages and things like that, John? No, but we would do a lot of like, what could we put a bottle rocket in? You think he was in a church group? He's studying theology and being a real Hellcat. So I'm trying To But you like Sue, you're like the foreman of trouble. Like you just got everybody else creating trouble For you. The George Foreman of trouble.


Yeah. You're Like the German foreman's grill of trouble. Yeah. I was, I was, I was healthy. Lean. Wait, so wait, so, so John, so you go to, you go to Georgetown. Georgetown and you're the guy running the, the the improv team. Group, Whatever. Well now hold on a second. I gotta stop you there. I see John's got a zevia beverage in his hand. Oh, now that is, what's That? It is a Stevia based soda. And I Is it good? I can safely recommend every single flavor. Yeah. Hang on John. You're not getting any freebies outta this. You're a guest. I don't need freebies.


My recurring Amazon order. I have two recurring Amazon orders that I, one I don't know how to cancel. And one, I can find them. See that's why I've never signed up for the, for the automatic. What Is the one You don't have to cancel. It's so much cream soda. But I'm fine with it. But it's backing up. There's there's baby formula, diapers and so much cream. So does Evia. And they're tall boys too. 'cause I just Oh, I do like Yeah, the tall ones are nice. Yeah, They can make tall ones. Yeah. Yeah. Now does that, that gets us into to, Hey, you seem like a guy who watches what they put in our body. We're gonna double back to Georgetown. Oh wait, sorry. Are we back to the glory holes? Oh no, no.


Went all the way back. So there's, there no sugar goes into that body, John. No sugar goes into this body. Yeah, I am. I am recently sober and so I'm allowing myself a lot of Sugar In in sugar and indulgences. Yeah. I'm trying to cut back, but I haven't yet. Right. Yeah. Well, and I won't today and I won't tomorrow. Watch out for the man with no vices. Let go ahead and keep one or two. Yeah. Sugar's just fine. Work. I quit smoking cigarettes in November too. Oh Buddy. How's that going? Stop showing off. Stop showing off. I went to a, I went to a hypnotist. Yeah. He was A-U-C-L-A paranormal professor.


Huh? Who now? Hypnotizes people in his garage in Santa Monica. Sounds Safe. Uc, spaceships when he is done. I mean, honestly, none of this seems problematic to me. Keep going. Remember how I said I'm susceptible to cults? Well, I go to this guy's garage. I mean, he hits, I just done eight hours in the garage. So you're telling me the guy with the crystal ball, he moved his operation into the garage and now he's getting people a butts like, Well if he's so fake, how come he has some headshots thanking him for his work? Some, some, Yeah. Some hedge, some sun faded headshot. Thanking him for getting them off cigarettes. Entertainers who I recognize vaguely.


Wait. So did it. So, so did it work? I mean, are you craving cigarettes? No, I ac it actually did work. I mean, I smoked from 13 age 13 to 39 and stopped in November. Wow. After the second session. Cold Turkey. No weaning whatsoever. First hypnotism session. You get to keep smoking for that week, which is a big reason I did it was I I love smoking. Yeah. So second session, walked out, never had another third session. I actually don't remember. I I really did. I really did go somewhere else. That's nice. Yeah. That's Great. So John Malaney, I want to talk to you about. Marty Short is a good friend of mine, good friend of ours, the greatest. And I loved your sitcom with called Malaney with Marty.


Really? Thank you. I did. I loved it. I watched every episode. Oh, Thank You very much. Malaney. I used to watch the, the on on the on the tap over at Radford Studios. I would see you guys rehearsing all the time. It Was so fun. It was one of the most fun experiences making the show. He speaks so highly of you, just so you know. I love him very much. Yeah, it's mutual. I wanna see that. Damn it. What, how when I, I apologize, 2014 Fox Until From August to November of 2014. That's Right. So it was a tight 13. I think they did air all 13. Our final episode aired against the SNL 40th, which I was working on.


And we, we, we ended up losing to that the ratings that night. That's like the will didn't, didn't they air the very final episodes of Arrested Development against the Winter Olympics? The Open opening of the Olympics or opening, opening ceremonies. They burned all four in a row. They just, and they didn't tell anybody. They were like, get these Off our fucking Salt Lake City. Was it thousand And Six? But Sean was, that was that sitcom. Sorry. Sorry Sean, go ahead. No, that's okay. Was that something you always wanted to do or you're passionate about it or? I was, I was, I was passionate about, I was and a am passionate about Multicam. I really liked Yeah. Still and me both. So do we. Yeah. And I, I mean I grew up on them, but also I just find it, and maybe it's also the Saturday night Live in me and the standup in me.


I just like three to four cameras and yelling jokes to the back of the room. Yeah. And and an audience. A live audience. And a live audience. Yeah. And the six Hour day, Oh my god. I mean, I, as, as the EP and writer and everything, I didn't have that. But watching Elliot Gould and Marty Short and Nace Padro leave at three, I just thought, Ooh, that's, that's the life of King. Would you do another one? I would, yeah. Yeah. You should. You'd be, you Should, we need to crack that. I I'm calling you after this, after this session. It's Who directed most of those episodes? Do You remember? I, I just, when they're good. They're, when they're good. They're so great. Andy Ackerman wonderful man. Oh Yes.


Seinfeld. Yeah, Yeah, of course. Seinfeld. Many other great things. And then let me ask you this, because I've always wanted to know, I've always wondered about like a plus standups like yourself who do all these specials in your tour and you're constantly writing. By the time we see your special on Netflix or wherever it is, how many times have you tried out that material or, and how many Rereads did you go through before we see it? Or are we seeing stuff that you trusted or know will work from the moment you wrote it? Oh, those seem like two questions. Two, Yeah. It's a problem with Sean. So, Okay, the first part is, the first part is it depends on how much i I toured before the special.


Yeah. So I did, So I did that sitcom. It was, production was shut down in October. I went on the road the next week and then I taped a special that May called The Comeback Kid for Netflix. That was a pretty short tour. The last special I did, there was about a year of touring before it. This one will be like, this one will be close to a year maybe over. I'm, I'm on the road steadily right now. So How Do you like that road stuff, that touring stuff that staying in a hotel every night? I, I love it. I really, I like hotel living. Wow. I really like tour bus living. You Take your own slippers with you when you go to all those hotels.


I bring my own pillow, but I take their pillowcase. What does that mean? That's, That's Jason doesn't, like, doesn't Jason won't walk on the floors Of a hotel. He will not walk on the floors of a hotel without, without a barrier. And then Do you put the remote in a Ziploc bag before you use It? I put it in a pot of boiling water and then, and then if it still works, we're, we're, we're on it for Golden. But if it doesn't work, then there's no tv. What So you take the pillow case Jason Case Jason basically lives like Howard Hughes. He has like at all times don't, don't show him your fingernails. And he wears, he's got like 12 layers of Kleenex between himself and anything that he touches. It's Disgusting. You're using the, you're bringing your own pillow but you're using their pillow case because you want to make you, Melanie, Watch this.


Well now what happened? It's worse than that. I took one pillow case from the first hotel on this tour. Where did it start? We started in Portland, Maine maybe. Sure. I I took a pillowcase and it's, it's still on Because you like the thread count on that one. You're like, oh, we're gonna keep this. I liked that it was long. And my special foam pillow is longer than a regular pillow too. So it was cool. It was a nice fit. You Stick with a pillow between your knees. I got one of those at an as seen on TV store at Foxwoods recently. Oh, is it like a body pillow? No, it's like a little little, it looks like a yoga block except it has a skate ramp in it.


Sure. And you put it right between those knees and it's at the, if you guys are at anyone near the as seen on TV store at the mall. Yeah. In Foxwoods, the casino. They have them there. And again, that's at the Foxwoods Casino. They're outlet malls. Nasty. Not too For Sean. Not too Sean's a slow writer. So not too, not too fast. Is there really a store called as seen on tv? Yeah. Oh yeah. You've never been one, you've Never seen that come on. Oh, it's the greatest. Truly. It looks like a storage unit. Can I ask you what they sell in there? Ev I mean the one thing I was really intrigued by this time was something called Battery Daddy. Which was ah, it looked like a Tell me Slow batterie. It looked like a cdy tower. It looked like a compact disc tower for batteries.


It was a big, oh, it was a, it was almost like a pyramid where all your sizes of batteries had different levels they could clip into. Could you Use that? Definitely. Can't find the aas when I need 'em. You use that? What now? Do you guys keep your batteries in the freezer by the way? Or do am I just married to a crazy No, I don't think there's any science behind that. What are you a photographer? What's going on? I I used to, I got one of those, I got one of those wedge pillows where you can slip your arm. 'cause my arm was bothering me for a while and I I I bought it from I think like the backstory. One of these things Relax the back and I You actually put your hand, it looked like a mouse trap. And, and then I'd sleep on this thing anyway. I didn't End up working. Oh, what a catch. Do you have a CPA when you go to sleep too, Sean? Do you? I don't. Sean, do you My girlfriend Olivia has still, we still have the pregnancy pillow that, that horseshoe thing.


Oh yeah. Yeah. And I slept in it the other day and it is fantastic. It's sleeping. You wake up pregnant in a bumper bowling lane. I woke up, I woke up with something. Sean, Sean sleep. Sean sleeps like in that position. They tell you again when a plane's crashing, like with his, he's grabbing his knees and Just in case wakes up real antsy over like this. I never Feel rested. I never feel rested. I saw an interview with Donnie Osmond once where he was extolling the virtues of sleeping on the tray on a commercial flight sleep on the No. That always makes me wanna vomit.


And did he say and make sure to drink 12 rums before you I love you've got Donnie as a rum drinker. Is that Bacardi? Bacardi? Yeah. Not the Top show. Top show. Wait, I wanna get back to, I wanna get back to this long professional and and personal relationship you have with the guy who let you into the improv group, which is Nick Crow, The wonderful Nick Kroll, The wonderful Nick Crow, My best friend, older brother and everything. Mentor, Favorite company. Well, we got it now. We got it in writing and on recording. We got it. Yeah, I know That's, I sound good. It sounds, I sound gracious 'cause he let me into the group and now just air it on. You've been paying him back ever since.


But, but you, you guys No, it did. You guys are like brothers and and you guys have worked together so much now over the last however many years since you've known each other and 20, is that like a thing that you guys consciously say or do you come back together every couple years? Or you're like, or you go, you do your own thing, you're like, Hey, let's go and do this. Or we, I don't know. How does it work? Well, let's see. For a while we, that's a good question. We don't consciously plan, you know, let's work together in 18 months. We love working with each other. So he'd be my first thought for anyone to collaborate with. And then we have things that we've done consistently. Like the the theater show.


Oh, hello. Where we played these two guys, Gil and George. We did that in a variety of media and then did it as a, a play on Broadway. So like that's a thing where we will talk about revisiting those characters specifically. And then obviously I work with him on Big Mouth on Netflix. Yes. But I, but he's along with Andrew Goldberg and Mark and Jen Flack. He's a creator ep. So I I'm not doing that with him, but again Oh, okay. I'm lucky enough to be honest. You're on it. A big Mouth for Tracy is a really funny, very popular animated show on Netflix. It's been on for funny, Funny Five long, four Or five years.


Tracy might even know that. Yeah, she might. She might. She she's already moved on human resources. She may not And we will be right back.


There are a lot of beaches out there guys, but there's only one people call the beach. Myrtle Beach. South Carolina is made up of 14 coastal communities and 60 miles of sunny beaches. Together they create a place that makes you feel like you belong. The beach is 60 miles of bringing people together. Myrtle Beach is where you can be your best beach in self shine and dine in a foodie haven with oceanfront, patios, fresh seafood, low country classics, and southern favorites. Listen to live music any day of the year outside at Laid back beach bars at world renowned theaters, or right on the boardwalk. Keep the whole family happy and having fun with over a thousand attractions to choose from. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip to theBeach@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrives? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


This season Secrets will be spilled. The new season of Yellowjackets is coming to Paramount Plus with Showtime and with a star-studded cast and award nominations galore. You don't wanna miss out on the buzz. It's about a high school soccer team that gets stranded in the woods after their plane crashes. And these girls do some pretty crazy stuff too. Survive. And when they grow up, everything comes back to hunt them. The new season of Yellowjackets is now streaming on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan.


And now back to the show. Hey John, with all the things that you do and do well, how do you decide what to do? Is it informed by some sort of five year plan that you've got? No, never had a five, never had a five year plan. What about next week, next month? I'm a little, I remember a professor in college said someone was like, someone said, just taking it one day at a time. And he said, that's great. Of course Malaney lives minute to minute. And like everyone laughed and I was really like, eh, yeah. It was odd of him to to call that out in the middle of a Jewish studies class. But You, you have, you, you have no, no sort of north star, whether you, whether you, whether you get there or not, at least it's giving you direction and forming and having, I'd love a knockout obituary and great speeches at the memorial service.


But like then I, I can't think, you know What's, you just want it to be glowing. What do you want your tombstone to say? I've thought about this recently. Oh, if it could say Anything. You know, I, I, I was walking around a a, a cemetery in Connecticut where all the, where You do Where, where you do and the graves are from like the 17 hundreds. And back then people would, they, I walked by a grave that said, handsome and brave. Dude, I'm So, it was like a hero of the revolution. Handsome and brave. I was like, I think I'm gonna gonna take that. Yes. So this is what I thought. I was thinking the other, I was in a, in walking around a cemetery a a couple years ago Sure. One night. And not a big, big just 'cause I, it was a better, you know, I get a better view inside the window of the, it doesn't matter.


Longer story anyway. Again, yeah. Obviously for a lawyer, I can't say why of course. But reading all the, all the greatest sermons, I was thinking like, I would want to put something like he was a cool guy. Yeah. That's it. Because then if I saw that, I'd be like, who the fuck is that motherfucker? He was a cool Guy. You know what? I just, I just read, I read that you can now get your body turned into compost and you can, you know, use it to plant a tree or something. It takes six months to turn it into compost. They just keep mixing the guts with dirt over and over again. You know, that's what happens when you just fucking bury a body. I get. Yeah. What Do you think the body does in the ground by itself? It's like a pick. It's a pickup truck worth of compost.


So it, that just sounds like compost with a dead body in it. It doesn't sound like your Body is doing anything. It Does. That's a good point. Your gash is un embalmed body exploding. It's got a really good Usable. I would love to see your search history though, Sean. No, I did. I looked At all. So would the FBI Why did you buy all that lime? What, what's going on? I'd like, you know, I would like it said I, at my funeral or on my gravestone that I, some of my flaws, like he was late a lot and people talked to him about it and he was still late. Are you still, are you still late? I'm getting better at it. I'm getting better At it. Do you know why you're late? I think, well, one Saturday Night Live completely destroyed my relationship with time in that meetings that were supposed to begin at 3:00 PM would begin at 5:00 PM or 6:00 PM with no explanation or apology.


So when I, after a couple years there, I would meet people 45 minutes late and not think I needed to say anything regarding where I, wow. Yeah. And then I think I'm better. I I must think I'm better than everyone el I mean everyone else, I guess. What about having a kid now? Kid, kid really puts you on a schedule, right? No, a kid put me on a schedule and I have made a big resolution to be on time, be where I said I'll be when I said I'll be there and I've actually been good about That. Yeah. Like Sean, Sean said, I'm gonna be outside a fire station all day today. And honestly he is. It's, I live in Yeah.


In the middle of What is your, what what do you think you're best at being a dad? What do you think you're worst at being a dad? Oh, I know we're early days and we're just trying stuff out Best at Swaddle technique. I am a good swaddler. Yeah. I am a good swaddler. I learned to swaddle somewhat from Ozarks. What you give a brief swaddle tutorial if you recall Sean. And we were waiting on You're not Supposed to watch that. Oh my God. What was your favorite episode? Oh my God, I love the one where you're, I love the one where you're laundering all the money and you know, everyone's like, oh my god. You know, people Check out that the department store those glory holes and they swaddle sometimes.


They sure do. Is that right? Good at swaddling. I'm good at, I know when tummy time is over before little Malcolm gives me that look like, Jesus, man, you're gonna get me outta here. I know it's time. I know that big head is starting to get a little tired of bobbing up and down. Yeah. Right. I probably am worse at overthinking how to approach him as an adolescent, which I really don't need to worry about for the next few years. But I am, I'm constantly running scenarios of what, of what kind of parent I'll be when he's 11, 12. The combo between being a dad versus being a best friend. Oh, just like, yeah.


And, and will I be, in my mind I was like, I'm gonna be this like semi stern. I'm gonna be this, like, I'm gonna kind of be like my dad with him. And that's all fallen apart in four months. Right. I, I can't imagine ever criticizing anything this kid does or what, But who do you, I mean, you, you know, don't worry It'll come. No, I know. You know, Olivia, Olivia knows you. Have you guys, is it become clear who's gonna be the disciplinarian? Who's gonna be the nurturer? Oh, that's a good question. She's such a wonderful mother and so nurturing and also Hair cubs. Hair cubs. She, well, I mean, right now she's, right now she's extremely nurturing.


But I, but she, she can be extremely organized. She has packing cubes. That was a good choice of Words. Great choice. Thanks guys. Now she can listen. So she's so she's very good about organi. Does that allow you to be She's very organized, very disciplined in a way that I'm not, however, I don't know when it comes to Malcolm, I, I, the ideal I have for myself is that I come home in a suit which is gonna be hard working at home and that, and that there's some expectation of your dad is home and therefore that, you know, that's intimidating. But I, I absolutely will never follow through on that. My oldest brother, Dennis, he, when he, when he had, he has three kids, he would let them with Crays draw all over the walls in every room.


And of course he, that would upset his wife and they would just, they would discuss it and he was like, let him be kids. Let 'em have like, and do anything they want. You can paint over the crans. Like, would you ever do anything like that? Well Here's the, and and it should be noted also, he came from like Sean, you know, Sean's dad never got mad at them drying on the walls or anything. And he didn't get mad at them doing anything. He would just, what? Now the reason is he wasn't there. But, but Well if they hide the car keys, he he'd hate that. That's the thing that would piss him off. That's right. But I get absolutely no chance of escaping. Really fancy. Who took my Tomi carryon? He was always like His dad.


His dad left Who took my weekend out. His dad left like, like Cal l leaving Krypton, like just on his own, like in an escape pod. You know what I mean? I don't know if that represents Right. Yes, of course. I got that. Well, will, will and Jason, here's what I wonder if I, I remember a good friend of mine when we were six to his dad, he was so mad at his dad and he said, SA sucker motherfucker. And I went, laugh so hard. And his dad, his dad acted mad. And I, as I've gotten older, I'm like, can, I don't know how I won't laugh if my kid ever like tells me off. It just will be if Malcolm ever yells at me.


It seems like such a funny moment that I won't be able to not laugh. Well, we have, put it this way, I have videos of both my kids having, having breakdowns or tantrums at various ages 'cause they're so fucking hilarious. And which we, I show them now and even in the moment you recognize how funny, like Abel, we have one Abel sing when he was little and he was like, something, something, because you're the worst. And you can see him go in the moment, go, I mean, not the worst. I mean, you're kind of great and I love you. So he walks it back in the middle of his thing. And then the other day, when did, Abel said to me that the other day went to wake him up for school. I think I told you guys this. And I go up and his, he's 11. His eyes aren't even open yet. And I go up and I go, Hey buddy, we gotta get up.


We gotta get to school. Eyes not even open. And he goes, play is gonna play. And I'm like, what Player's gonna play? They Constantly surprise you. That's the thing. And you have no idea how you're gonna react and you just kind of go with it. And I don't know, Speaking of not knowing how to react, heckler's, what's a good heckler story? 'cause you're on tour right now, right? For you, Sean. Thanks. From scratch, right back to the, the, To the list. I emailed my, I emailed my bullet points, You know, but I love stories. I love heckler's stories. The best I got, I, I was doing Bonnaroo one year and I was doing, there was a big comedy tent at the Bonnaroo Music Festival in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.


And someone said, we've signed you up to do a show at the VIP camping ground, like the organizers of the festival. And I said, what's that about? And they said, just get on the back of this golf cart. And they drove so fast in a golf in the back of a golf cart, which is like falling out of a chair forever. And they, I get to this, like, I get to plywood stage and there's all these RVs and there's like a microbrew truck giving out beard to these VIP glamps. Oh, you can handle. Yeah. And they had no idea.


Someone had been brought in to do standup and they, they didn't ask for it. They didn't want it, they didn't like it. I was not someone they knew who that was. I was not someone people were excited to see. And I started doing standup and this guy yelled, I think I speak for everyone when I say we'd enjoy silence more than the sound of your voice. Oh my God. And it was so articulate. It was so, It's very polite. Yeah. How do you, how do you heckle back at That? I went, I went, fuck I, Hey, hey, fuck you Sucker motherfucker. Yeah. S sucker motherfucker. Jump on the back of the golf carts feet away.


Oh, that's Hysteric. That actually be a good, I might close a special with that s Sucker Mother after a really gracious thank you to the audience. I turn around and then say, Cy fucker. It's, It would be, it'd be so great if that became your calling card farewell to Your audience. Yeah. This, this aggressive, shitty little I would, I I, I have this, I have this masochistic fantasy of doing one set of standup, but I would have no idea how to, how to write a, a a, a session of, have you ever heard of? No, we know. You know? Yeah. I mean, the very fact that you call it a session is not session. You know? But you know how like some, some, I'm here to perform a session, Guys, listen enough, I'm here to perform a well, you know, like how some music acts, they don't write their own music, but they perform them well.


Have you ever heard of a standup having a whole set written for he or she? And then they do It? Yeah. I mean there are, there are. And it's kind of more of an older school thing. Yeah. That's amazing. Like, there were, there were performers who had a lot of writers and there were, you know, I really don't hear about it much anymore. There are people who do standup who also do so many other types of sessions that acting sessions and directing sessions that they eventually have writers. But most people seem To, why don't you go to an open session night? Are there Yeah, go to open session, huh? I'd actually like to end, stand up the way my therapist ends sessions, which is okay, we have to pause now.


Yeah, There you go. And then just walk off stage. Jason, have you seen any good comedy routines lately? You Know, would you Like to go see some routines? You see some wonderful routines out there at the, the improv, which is short for the improvisation there on Melrose Avenue. I like when people call, like adults call like my brother go, I'm doing a play here in Chicago. And he goes, you got play practice today? Yeah. You mean rehearsal? Is this Dennis with the three kids? Yeah. Hey, I don't wanna bug you. I know you're in the middle of play practice, but play practice. I know you're drilling the play. I do like saying practice instead of rehearsal when we're on set. That is fun. I do like yelling at, at a hockey game.


Shoot the ball. I do like that. Oh man. Put that in your standup. Yeah. Oh god. Great idea. Yeah, you're you got A good Start, John Malaney. We've taken up way too much of your time. Way too much. It's a tours. It is from Scratch. Fuck. I know. Then why is that it? We could talk to Melani forever. I know. I don't wanna rule that. He's probably got shit to do. What? An encore. How about an encore? We could do, we could just do another one where we follow up on everything we didn't finish, Which is everything, Every thread we start just every little thread. Yeah. We don't Want all stuff. We like to, we like to keep a million tabs open. You know, it is just, I know. It's, it's This, this browser has a lot of tabs open. Yeah. We're The worst, we're the worst interviewer. No, this Was, you're the greatest. And I wouldn't want it any other way.


You know, I mean, I, I think it was Vik Murthy who said to you guys, I've had a great time. I've had a really good time on the show. You see the way he brought it all the way back around you guys. And this is what a pro does. That's how you end a session. Double callbacks. John, We love you. Thank you for your time. A Huge love you guys. This is really fun, Man. You're the best. John, you're the best. Thank you for having me. This was Really great. Thanks John. Thanks Buddy. Bye Buddy. Bye John and John. Love buddy. Thanks John. Bye. At John Mullany. He's a smooth operator. So funny. He is. Every time I see him on SNL, even in the sketches, I laugh out loud. That seems Like a good guy. I've never met him before you Right? He is, he's the shaday, he's the shaday of comedy. He's a smooth operator.


Oh, Nice. God, that's great. Wow. Nice. Thank you, man. And, and doesn't stop like, he just keeps writing and writing and writing and doing stuff. I just don't, I'm so envious. Like I don't, first of all, I can't write, I don't know how to write well and then just to keep writing all that stuff that works all the time and all those Netflix specials. It's crazy. Yeah, it's a lot of stuff. And touring, doing touring and and, and touring with stuff for a year or a year and a half and then doing a special and then immediately, like you got, you got a sense of his work ethic. He, his, his show ends production, you know, this was years ago and the next week he's out on tour and like for a year. Yeah. It's crazy. And then has a special like eight months later. Like, what? And enjoys the hotels and the buses. Like I know that's not for me.


I wonder how that's gonna go now with the kid. You know, like, is he gonna be able to be happy about being on the road all the time? Well, we know how that goes. It changes, it changes everything. And then, and you get like, yeah. You know, it's, You better start working on that sitcom. It's hard. Yeah. It's hard as, you know, The sitcom works for being a dad though, right? It sure does. Every Yeah. Why doesn't everybody just do a sitcom? Right? Just do that for the first 10 years. Like, 'cause I heard somebody, they're like, oh, like I'm working this hard job friend of mine in New York, like works in this office and they're like, my job is so hard. I'm like, why don't you just get a sitcom and then you're at home all the time Because you can just order those on Amazon. Right. Just sign up for em. You're so stupid. So being such a stupid idiot and get a sitcom, but Mala Malaney is so, so h he's been so successful and he just, you know, he is one of those, like, he didn't sort of explode outta nowhere.


Like he just kind of, he kind of built, he built, he built Like Conan like remember when Conan came on the scene and we were like, who the hell is this guy? He's got, he's did, he's got the talk show now. Yeah. It's like, no. Well if you look at his resume, like, this guy has been a beast for a long time. But the SNL, the ones that Malaney hosts, the SNLs, that Malaney host are always rated huge. Yeah, of course. Which is why they keep bringing him back. Yeah. Because he's hilarious and he always delivers. And so guess what? Turns out that that works in showbiz, Sean. Yeah. What? Try being good Sean. Oh shit. Shit, shit, shit. I just realized, are we Still recording? Yeah. Yeah, We're still, So I just, Sean, I saw my headphones on. I can hear You Sean. Yeah. We didn't ask him his favorite color. What The fuck?


Oh fuck. Text him. Shit. Who got an email address for me? Hang On. No. Well, he did ask funny a heckling story. Yes. Because I love asked For just a general that's up there with what's your craziest audition story. But you know what it is. I know. I realized about Sean. Don't you love those stories? I love those stories. This is what, this is what I love about Sean. This is the reason I like it. This is the reason I like it. Okay. It's she. Okay. This is why, and I'm like, it is because Sean likes those things when stuff goes really wrong in normal situations. Yes. He loves people Freaking out. That's, I used to love bloopers and practical jokes. Right. And then those crazy home videos. Right. Sean, don't you miss It? Do you wanna know what happened last Saturday late show at the play?


Okay. Yeah. Of of course. I shit you not, it was this long. I'm doing my, I have like seven monologues in the play in the middle of when I play, there's two or three other actors on stage and I Love it. You don't even know how many Blanked out. Completely blanked out. You did? Yeah. In the middle of my thing. I go, yeah, So I'm, I'm telling this story, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And sold out by the way. And I look at Ethan and the, and I'm looking at him, I'm like, fucking, please help me. I have no, my mind went complete. I'm like, no idea where I am. And then he says, a line that skips about a page. And in my head I was like, thank you, but I don't think I can skip that because there's information the audience needs in order to know the story later.


Right. So I was like, No, that it Was that fucking awful, that long. What about somebody in the wings? Yes. Anybody on book in the Wings? I know I said, and the, I said to the stage manager, she goes, I almost came on the God mic and gave you a line. I go, just do it. Who gives a shit? I'm dying up there. What? But, but, but, but what about just kind of sauntering over to the wings in character to get a, they're inda Or something. They're they're in the back of the house. So what did You, so what happened? I fucking, I don't know. I somehow By A miracle. And did the audience know do you think? Yes, For sure. Really? A couple friends were like, Hey, did you? And I Was like, yeah. Oh yeah. Did they ask for any portion of their, of their money back? Like, could you ask for like five bucks back?


Here's the scariest part, Sean, here's the scariest thing. And Sean, we love you. I love you too. You told us this story verbatim yesterday. Once you lay down and hit your ankles above your heart, Sean, this is So, fuck. We love you. We love you so fucking much. We love you so fucking much. That's hysterical. Okay, listen all by the way, Jason And Sean, Just, just to bring it back full circle. Yeah. I'm gonna let you guys know, but I think that I have to go over to this store to check out the, the, the, the holes, the dressing rooms or the bathroom because if for no other reason than here comes, this is appliance I'm really buying.


Curious, curious. There it's there. We got it. Smart. Smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry, Rob Arm Jar and Bennett Barco Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today.


Standup comedian, actor and writer John Mullany is coming to you live every Wednesday. John invites you into his world on everybody's live with John Mullany exclusively on Netflix. This weekly comedy talk show covers whatever he's interested in This week. It's reckless, it's eccentric. It includes iconic guest combinations that you could only imagine in your wildest dreams. Tune in weekly at 10:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. Everybody's live with John Mullany is now playing only on Netflix.


Spicing up routine weeknight meals with Bold Flavors is easy. With help from Whole Foods market. Find weeknight mealtime inspiration throughout the store, including sauces and marinades, Inspired by Asian cuisine, Latin American flavors, the Mediterranean and more. Try something new and give ordinary meals an exciting and flavorful twist. Jazz up any meal with bold flavors from Whole Foods Market.


I.