
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


I think it's really important when brands acknowledge cultures and Macy's is no exception. This month, Macy's is celebrating Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. You can't discover a range of a API owned brands available at Macy's. And for a limited time, you can show love to a API scholars by rounding up in store or donating online. The money raised supports student success and access to higher education. Celebrate the A API community at Macy's. This may visit macy's dot com slash purpose to learn more.


When you want the group trip to make it out of the group chat, you'd be surprised at the unexpected stays Hilton has to offer. Imagine stargazing from the comfort of a customized Airstream with Hilton's Auto Camp partnership, unwinding in a rainforest retreat with their small luxury hotels of the world Partnership. Appreciating the artistry of Nomad London or reliving your college days with graduate by Hilton Hilton brings you new unforgettable stays with your favorite people. Explore all the new ways to stay at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the stay.


Sean, you'll never guess what we're gonna do today. Are we gonna Record an episode? Did I just guess it right? Well, first man, how many times baby steps? First thing we're gonna do is we're gonna welcome our audience and we're gonna say, oh, Welcome, Welcome to List. Try to do it in time. Okay. Sorry. One more time. 1, 2, 3 on three. 1, 2, 3. No, the moment's gone. Oh, Welcome To SmartLess. Smart. Less Smart.


Bless. Speaking of hydrating, did you, do you run six miles yet today? B No. No. It'll be after this. I didn't think so. Just looking at you. I didn't think so. I'm Holding a little water right now. Yeah, it's gonna be after this session. So I got real tight. I got a hard out in 55 minutes. I was on my, I was boxing today. I did my, you know, I'm doing this, this thing boxing at home. I mean, I, I know. Listen, it's a tough guy thing. Obviously. You box at home like in your garage. Yeah. Like just with boxes. Like, I'm just putting boxes together. Oh, Okay. Beautiful. What did you think I meant? Dude, you don't really have, you're not one of those dorks with a, with a heavy bag, a heavy bag hanging in your garage.


Are you? That's gross. Are you really have one? It's, It's not hanging. It's on a stand. I got one of these things. He's On the ground. He just tackles it. Thoreau talked me into it. And then you look at Thoreau's arms, he's on the cover of Esquire. Justin Thoreau. Thank you. Did he, Why haven't we had Justin on the show yet? Because we want to talk about him more. We, we haven't talked about him enough on the show to then have him on. I would like, I met him like once or twice. Such a nice guy. But I don't know him like you guys do. I would love to. Okay. Well, will, which one of us are They can't really be surprised. One of us has got to, Well one of us is going to get on it and the other one's gonna be surprised that the other one did it first. Look. Anyway, we gotta get to our guest. Okay. Our guest is an incredible writer, performer.


Started as a performer, became a writer, then started becoming a performer again. And the second I mention, one of the things you're gonna be like, I know exactly who this is. We've talked a lot over the episodes with people who've been on SNL. We haven't had anybody who's been on the anchor desk. This person was on the anchor desk for many years. Tina, Tina. Tina. Tina. Tina. Tina. She wrote Mean Girls. Tina, Tina. She wrote everything. She does everything. It's Tina. Tina. Tina. It's Tina. Hi. Three buddies. How are you? Oh, Look at her. He's outside. Outside. You Can't say anything and then not know that. It's Tina. Thank you. Hi. Hi. Wait, are you in, is that an outside area of your apartment that I never saw the outside area?


No, I have a, I have a a a weekend home now since the last I saw you. Sean, There's no apartments in the Hudson Valley. No, she weekends in the Hudson Valley. This is, yeah. This is her weekend home. This Is my weekend home. Tina, do you and I have the exact same frames. I think yours look black and white. Mine look are a little tortoise. Oh, okay. Sorry. And can I tell you something? Just, just so you know, like something, what I'm dealing with here, there's a incredibly passive aggressive 9-year-old out here with me who will not vacate the area Really. And she's playing some basketball, which is like, this is probably the first day in her life that she's chosen to play some basketball.


And it's during this podcast, But that's okay. It's, it's great. Oh, here it comes. It's great ambient sound. Incoming. Incoming. It's great ambient sound. So Tina, so Tina, tell me what, so yes, we've all been at home for the last year or some version of home, or in one of our many homes, In One of our many, many Homes. So relatable. But but do you, do you, so what, what does that mean for you right now, getting back to it? 'cause you're always, I always feel like you're always create you, I know you've just created a new show. Yeah, right. That's about to start. Yeah. Well I just, we have a, I produced a show, it's called Girls five Eva that comes out on Peacock on May 6th. Wait, what's it called? It's called Girls five Eva.


Yeah. And it's a comedy, it's super funny and it's got it, It starts out with a laugh. There we go. Yeah. Girls Five Ever like the title. It's about a bunch of women who were in sort of a danity cane level girl group around 2000. And then I love that their song gets sampled now and they, they're like, should we, we're all 40. We should get our band back together. Right. And it stars. It's, that's a good Idea. That's really funny. Yeah, it's really funny. It's Meredith Garino Iss the Creator on it. And it stars Sarah Bares, who is a delight and her voice is ridiculous. And she's incredible. And also she's like a lovely natural actress. And then Renee Lee Goldsberry, who you know from, oh, I don't know.


Fucking Hamilton will. Jesus. You know, you get the look off your face. Are you saying that? Are you saying that because I'm the only I for so long, I was the only person who hadn't seen it and it was my badge of honor. 'cause I was like, I wanna see a fucking musical stop telling me it's so great. It's a musical. And did you I get it. I did see it. It was great. Yeah, it was great. It was great. It was Great. Yeah, it's great. It was, I was wrong. And then the, wait, lemme say you the other two ladies Busy Phillips. Sure. Yeah, she's Great. And American Treasure, Paula Powell. Oh, she's the best. Oh my god. Paula Powell. We were just talking about Paula Powell. So Paula Powell, she's hilarious. Powell was a writer on Center Night Live forever. And now, and not now, but always kind of an actress. And now, but people are finally recognizing her, so that's crazy.


Well, she sort of, you know, we always joke with Paula that she finally aged into her type. 'cause she was always the kid at like 12 years old. She was in the play with Gray Spray in her hair and That's hilarious. And now she's like, she's her actual type now Gray Spray acting. Yeah. Harlem must, she's wreaked of Gray Spray for 30 years of her life. Sure, Sure. So, so Tina, we, we have to do this because, and but for you it's, it's, you know, obviously you hate going back over like, oh, this is what I did. But it, it's interesting to everybody who listens and it's super interesting to us because not to embarrass you, but you're such a fucking huge piece of the comedy landscape and have been for so long and you're such an great voice, incredible writer, incredible performer.


You started Yeah, I've just always, you know, there, There's a But hang on Tina. No, there's no, but I is, I've always been very fond of you and, and, and I, I'm such a huge fan in awe of, of your talent. You started in, you moved to Chicago in early nineties. I, let me think. Yeah. 90. I graduated in 92, spring of 92. I graduated from the University of Virginia. So I think I moved in the fall of 9 19 92. Yes. Yeah. So you're from Pennsylvania and then you moved. Yeah, I know. So you moved to Chicago, you start Second City, right? Yeah. So I went to UVA kind of randomly, and then I went to Chicago and I started improv Olympic first and class at the Second City. And that's where I met Amy Poer. Sure. And a bunch of other people that only Amy Poer and I know, but like, but like Kevin Dorf from Brian Stack and Miriam Toll and all those guys.


Dratch, Rachel Dratch Love. Yeah. D Dratch. Those were your contemporaries. I remember. Like, those were, that was kind of your crew, all those people. So is it crazy that like three of those people end up on Saturday Night Live? I mean that's, that's like, the odds of that is crazy. I mean, it is and it isn't. I guess because, well then at the time there's like the Groundlings standups, the Groundlings and s and Second City were the places they looked. Now, you know, the internet has become the great equalizer and Yeah. Right. Find people on YouTube. You find people on TikTok presumably. I'm so Surprised they didn't run into you. Yeah. You were a musical director. Well, you didn't run into me because I don't sing. 'cause you were a musical director out in the burbs, right?


Yeah. In the burbs. But I was always downtown Chicago, always around the, I had some friends at Second City. I'm just surprised we never And The bus station. And the bus station. Yeah. Wait, so Tina, so you, that those are kind of your peeps. I know that like Dr. And Amy and, and Stack and Miriam and all those kinds of guys were your Yeah. And, and Horatio. Yeah. We got another one on us Glazer, like all those kinds of people were there too. Right. Like in Chicago Glaser, I was glazer's understudy, I was John Glazer's understudy. No way. Yeah. And then he left to do Dana Carvey, right? Yes. To work at Dana Carvey. That's right. Yeah. And I got to go onto the main stage when he left. Yeah. So then you moved from Chicago to SNL, like McKay and those guys were kind of seniors when you guys were freshmen. Is that kind of the idea?


Adam McKay? Yeah, Exactly. Adam McKay was already head writer at SNL. And he, I submitted my writer's packet to him because I had been on stage at Second City and Lauren Michaels and Marcy Klein had come to Scout Talent and Zero interest in me as a performer. So I was like, well, writer's packet. It is. And then, and just For people who don't know, Adam McKay was Will Ferrell's business partner and writer of SNL and writer of all these amazing movies. And then he directs crazy huge movies now. And yeah. So that's now he directs a lot of like dramatic movies. He's an Oscar winner now guys. Yeah, yeah. But also for Wisconsin, there is a, you can either be a performer or a writer on Saturday Night Live And sometimes you make the leap, you get hired as a writer.


Like Sudeikis. I remember Sade. 'cause this first year was a Writer. Yes. Sudeikis was a writer. Did not wanna be a writer. No. Conan was a writer. The best part about Sudeikis being a writer and not wanting to be a writer was that he let everybody know. So I, in the best way, in the best way, But Cena in the best way. Did you, did you, were you one of those people that always dreamed of being on a Saturday life? 'cause I hear so many alums saying, oh, when I was a kid, all I ever wanted. And then they get their, and then their dream comes true and they're on Saturday Night Live. Yeah, it is. I I, I feel like I so wanted to be on Saturday Night Live. That to me, I would like, it would be hard for me to understand meeting anyone who didn't want to do that. Right, right. Yeah. What do you mean you don't wanna do that? And then were, were you disappointed that they didn't, that they didn't select you for the performing part?


Or were you more comfortable writing anyway? I was always a bit more of a writer. Even the way I contributed to the company in Second City, I definitely was like an idea person. I wasn't someone, I, I didn't have that, that magic thing that, that Horatio Sands or, or Rachel Dratch have, where like, they come out and you're just like, oh, this is gonna be good. Like, they just are sparkly, you know. But don't you feel like, to a certain extent, like you're kind of, I don't know, this is gonna sound mean for performers, but you're kind of overqualified to be a performer. Like, it's really hard to be a writer. I think really hard to be a director. Less, less hard to be an actor. 'cause everybody does that every day anyway.


Whether you're an actor or not. I mean, people change their behavior when they're with their grandmother versus their best friend. Like, people know how to adjust the way in which they come across. Like that's acting, but writing, I feel like that's really difficult stuff. Yeah. I mean, I think it is, it's more work than writing and directing. It is like, people who are really good actors, listen, I acting is like 99% having a good face. It doesn't have to be a beautiful face. It's like an interesting face. It could be, you know what I mean? It could be, it could be Lupita Ngo, it could be Steve Buscemi. But you gotta have a face that people wanna look at. Right? And that's like 99% of it. And then the other like then 0.4% beyond that is talent.


But I think you have that. I think you know what you were saying about Horatio and Rachel, you have that thing too, where you come out and people are like, oh my God, that's gonna be so good because it's you, it's Tina Fey who's always fucking funny and always delivers. So I think people get adjusted as excited. That's Very kind. I think now, I think I've like slowly worn people down. I think it's been like, it's like it's mirrored my dating life in every way. I'm just like, I'll wear you the, I'll wear you down. But Tina, you, you gotta admit like in the best way. Like you kind of Trojan horse them. Like, you know, Marcy and Lauren come in and they sort of like, okay, and they don't even see you or whatever. And then you come and, and you submit your packet. Obviously McKay wants, you know, he knows that how brilliant you are.


You come, you start submitting on SNL and then you, your talent just shows through and you, you end up getting it in spite of them and become like the biggest star on the show for many years. It, that's gotta feel kind of gratifying. I don't mean, I don't mean that in a shitty way, but you must, it must feel like, yeah, I always knew I could do this in a real way. It was, you know, yeah. The, the long grift sort of paid off. I mean, there's a couple factors. There's like the team of gay scientists that fix my appearance. You know, the, That's the title of your next series, by the way. The Case scientist. And then, like I always say, don't underestimate how gloriously lazy L is about casting.


'cause this is like Conan like, do you think someone was like going all over town being like, where's a pasty seven foot redhead that we can put that we can give a talk show to? It was like, no. He was around the office being funny around the office. And that's the same thing happened here. It was like, we need to new update anchors. Like, let me look inside my own eyelids For like, who, Who's available. Do you prefer one of the one over the other acting and writing? Like, do you miss performing when you're not in a writer's room? And vice versa? Writing is like, it's, it's only fun to have written something like, writing's only fun after it's over. Right? Yeah. And performing is like fun while it's happening.


And then for me, if you're me, you usually look back after and go, oh yeah, that wasn't, Yeah, that would include my, I would include myself in that. Yeah. Do You think that? Yeah, yeah. No, I would just like, like I'm beat myself up all the time. Well, you're crazy.


There's Truly nothing like a California road trip. Every mile feels like a movie scene. Whether you're chasing sunshine along the coast or winding through redwood forests. The best way to experience everything California has to offer is from the road. All routes lead to play. When you're on a California road trip, guys, California is the best. I used to go up to Big Bear, California in the mountains during the winter, got to experience the snow. And then when I was done, after a couple weeks, I came back down to where I live in Los Angeles. Went to the beach. I mean, it's pretty spectacular. Every turn brings a new view, a new vibe, and a new reason to keep exploring from tree lined mountain roads or down sun soaked coastal highways. Anything is possible. No adventure is off limits and spontaneity is part of the fun. And with iconic landmarks and hidden gems all over the map, you never know what's up around the bend. So take those unexpected pit stops because that's where the fun really starts. Maybe you want to pull over at a roadside taco stand. I don't know. Pause at a jaw dropping lookout point or discover quirky small town festivals you didn't even know you needed. Plan your road trip in the ultimate playground@visitcalifornia.com.


You know, there's sometimes a lot of chaos that can happen when there's an unexpected wait. What moment or information gets lost or mixed up. Right. With Life 360, you can stay one step ahead of those unexpected detours. Where are you moments and times? It hits five minutes past the be there in five text, always wondering where your kids' spouse or parents are. Life 360 puts their realtime location in the palm of your hand. So you'll know if they're on their way running late or still at home. Their place. Alert notifications let you know when they arrive and when they leave a location, making it easier to stay coordinated with your family and plan accordingly. And when things get real, you can depend on crash detection and roadside assistance. Or quickly get in touch with your emergency contacts, trade flooded, group chats and panicked calls with peace of mind from Life 360, stay connected and covered with Life 360, visit life three sixty.com or download the app today and use Code Smartlist to get 15% off. That's life. Three sixty.com code. SmartLess.


Imagine you're a perfect day. The sun's out. You're doing the thing that you love to do outside. Now imagine not being able to enjoy this perfect day because of your own body odor. Dove Men plus Care, whole Body Deal helps keep your bo from ruining the good days from pits to privates to feet. You can feel confident with 72 hour protection in all your odor zones. Dove men, whole body D goes on instantly dry with an aluminum free vitamin E infused formula for whole body freshness and care. Dove men plus Care, whole body, Dio get everywhere, everywhere, care even down there, find it on Amazon or at Target today.


So it is common for the weekend anchor to not be a performer. Correct? Yeah. Well Chevvy was first, right? He was right. Mostly just that He was not a performer that that much on the show. Was he? Not too much, he was a little bit right. He did Gerald Ford and some commercials. Is it common for the head writer to be the, the, the anchor It is now. 'cause Jost and Che Yeah. Are the head writers I think among like, And Seth as well was. Yes, Seth was, yes. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I really did learn that time too was that I, I learned, you know, after Jimmy left and then Lauren was like, well, do you wanna do it by yourself? And I thought like, well I'm supposed to want to do it by myself, right?


Yeah. And I think we even did like, and then I, at the last minute I was like, I don't want to, I wanna do it with Amy. And I realized that's where I learned that I don't, I don't work a single. Right. Yeah. I kind of remember that. I remember that first. That was a very late breaking decision. Very late, rudely late. Yeah. And then it turned out to be obviously great and you guys, that was such a exciting time for the show. You guys were so good and it was so much fun and it was fun to have a front row seat to that. It was amazing. And then you guys at that kind of, right, in that same year, you guys were doing Mean Girls at the same time that first year you started, right? You guys were shooting while you were doing Yeah. Update. Remember that? It was crazy.


Maybe. I think you're probably, I'm gonna assume that you're right about that. So many things I dragged to trash. I don't remember a lot of things drag To track. That's the name of my biography. But that seems right, Tina is are you still a fan of SNL? Of course you are. I'm sure you are. Is there anybody that you just are completely drawn to that's on now that you're like wanna work with or? Oh yeah. Well that's, I am a fan and what's really exciting now is my older daughter Alice is 15 and so we stay up and watch together. So that's fun to like be at that age with her where she's into it, you know, and yeah. Yeah. I mean Does she go back and watch your episodes? No. No. No. Do your kids wanna watch Yourself?


No, they don't give it up. My kids, my wife, no one thinks I'm doing anything but counting paperclips when I'm at work. That's healthy though. That's healthy I think. Yeah. And they watch everything they like you watch Parks and Rec a hundred percent. Yeah. The Office a hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. But so yeah, I mean, I'm still a fan of Kenan. That's never gonna change. I think Chris Red is super funny. Yeah. Chris Red. Chris Red. Chris Red was on Will and Grace and he was supposed to be a recurring character and as they were trying to make his deal, he got a call like a week later and like a week or two later is on Saturday Night Live was like, that's so crazy. He just did like a couple episodes of Will and Grace. That is crazy.


So Tina, how do you manage being so great at Physically fit at what it is that you do and physic? Like how do you decide where to point your, your, your work? I mean, you can be, you can do so many different things, whether it's television or film or, or, or theater musicals on camera, behind camera. Like I, I I would imagine it would be somewhat burdensome to try to figure out what to prioritize. I mean, I think TV sort of where I'm most comfortable because I feel like it's the most interesting place right now. There's more interesting things happening in tv, especially for comedy. I feel like the movies is kind of glacially paced and it's not that I don't wanna do movies, but it also just feels like there's so many more chances for people to fuck it up in movies.


Well, it takes seven years to make a movie. Yeah. It takes seven years and it takes seven years to shoot it. Don't you always find that like, there's nothing more boring in a lot of ways than making a movie and being on a movie set. It's so slow and it's not conducive to that immediacy that you have when you're making a show. When you've gotta shoot nine pages in a day and you gotta get the scene and it's got, you've gotta move. It's gotta be quick. And that lends itself to being funnier rather than shooting one side of it, you know, for one day. And then you, you know, you shoot like three eighths of a page. Yeah. Like there's, it's the worst. Right. And tv you know, you did 30 Rock, but you guys would jam through the, you'd have those Yeah. Huge packed days with just like a million scenes and you just gotta get it.


Also, we all joke about, like, remember when we used to make 22 episodes of things that's like ridiculous now. Like every, everyone makes like three episodes and Yeah. That's nuts. Collects their awards. Don't you think those days are, those days seem like they're over? Don't, don't you think The 22 episode days? I, So I think so. Or a hundred episodes of a show. Yeah, I think so. What about, what about writing writing books? Was that, is that a a good time pace for you? Or is that somewhat glacial as well? I just did that the one time and I remember I was like doing 30 Rock at the same time I was doing, I think I started it, I remember I was on the set of date night with Steve Corll and I just had like a notebook on it. So I was like, yeah, I guess I said I would write this book and then as short as that book is, I felt like it nebo killed me because again, I don't work a single and I was so used to having a writer's room and I was like, not so much that it was more work, but it was just so vulnerable of like, if this book comes out and people are like, boo, it's a hundred percent my fault.


It's a hundred percent a rejection of me personally. Yeah. It's not a novel. It's just like, here's who what my deal is. And if people were like, boo it, I, I've never felt so nervous about anything. I Walk into like a grocery store and people go, boo sure Boo. Yeah. But That's, that's just 'cause they've seen your work. That's only that they's what I'm They've seen your work. That's what I'm saying now. But T Tina lemme ask you Well, yeah, sorry. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Are you in like a, a old person's bathroom? What is That? Yeah, by the way, you should know. You should know. So this is my, my home booth. And these are actually handles for a bathtub. No joke. Because usually when I record, when I record my, my real vo is I'm standing up and I like to lean and hold on.


Mm. So I had the guy get these and they are for somebody who needs help getting in and out of a tub. Okay. Now how much harder or what, what would you have to navigate to become, to do what you do today? If you were starting out and you were 22 today and trying to get into comedy. Fuck. Right. Well, you get Yeah, yeah. Advice, right? Like, Not even advice, just like what would you do to yourself? Like what, how would you do it if you were graduating? I'm not necessarily saying hey to young writers out there. Listen, I'm like, literally, what would you do? Yeah, I, that's a good question. What would I do? I I probably would be trying to blow up on TikTok or something.


Right. I would be cutting out the middleman, which, listen, it's worked well in porn. Sure. Right. Who meets Hugh Hefner anymore, right? Yeah. Just it Seems like, I mean, unless I'm wrong, it seems like people on TikTok really want to be in television or film and the people in television or film aren't making that money anymore, so they want to go blow up on TikTok. It's, it's, yeah. Don't you feel that way? Yeah. I think broadcast TV especially doesn't mean like, to my kids, that doesn't mean anything to them. Like they don't, they don't understand what's happening. Is there still, I'm gonna sound like a real old man here. Can you still like, make a bunch of money on social media? Like saying I like this kind of chocolate.


I, I I say this ki like, I think so. Jesus. Right? That's a whole industry, right? I Think so, yeah. Like taste. That's, that's not what taste makers are called. Is it? Is that influencers? Influencers? Right. Unlike people have agents for that and stuff, Dude. I think so. Take yourself out back and just end it, man. This is fucking, by the way, this is a great opportunity to mention, you said chocolate Jason, for us to mention Reese's. Jason's been asking me to reach out to the people at Reese's 'cause he wants free peanut butter cups because, Well, I just think that It's, he doesn't make any money over on the Ozarks. I I, but I'm so sick and tired of hearing your dumb voice sell candy on tv.


Okay. I'm like, if I gotta listen to it, if I gotta listen to it right then why don't you get me a free box of those. Okay. The peanut butter cups that are wrapped in peanut butter with the peanut butter inside, inside, it's double triple peanut butter. And I'm not sorry. Whatever it is. Sorry. I need some of that for free Okay. For having to listen to your crap. Lord. Great. Okay, I got it. I wrote it down and, and they're obviously listening right now. So thank you everybody at Reese's. And to Jason Bateman. Should I give my, my address over the area? The address is Give Your Address number one deadline Hollywood Way. Tina, did you ever imagine it would be this amazing being on this podcast? I mean, I, I thought about it, Thought about saying no, and then thought Yeah, My tip on Reese's though, you know, this is my tip on all candy.


Sure. Whenever there's holiday candy where it's like the Reese's shaped like Santa Claus, always buy that candy because it's fresher, Fresher nice. Because They just made it, you could get a regular candy. That's a good candy Bar. That's a, That's a good point. Could have been in the CVS for seven months. Really good point. We, we often ask this question of, of people who are in the public eye who have children. Would you, do your kids wanna do what mom and or dad does or do you, would you discourage them from getting it? Or you just say, follow your dreams and I'll support you? What? It's funny you should ask that our older daughter, you know, I think if anything maybe would be interested in directing, I think she would be horrified to perform. And I never, like when she was a little kid, I think all little kids think they want to, and I think I let her be, I think she was in some still photographs.


Alice, she played young Liz Lemon, but in a series of photographs at the end of the end, end, end, end of 30 Rock. That's enough. And, and that was like, that's enough. Like let's keep it measured. And then this other one that you, that's you. No, no. What I'm dealing with during the Pandemic, it came up, we were for Girls five ever. We had to cast a kid to play Busy Phillips and Andrew Randall's child, who is like a little YouTube villain. And I had always said about that one. I was like, you know what, that's a Nelly. I got a Nelly Olson right here. Jason knows Nelly. I know Small World. She became Nel a standup, I believe me. She was really, I loved her.


Yeah, I remember, I remember like she became a standup for a while, right? Al I wanna say Alison Gram, is that, am I right? Dude, you don't know. Oh My god. Alison Agram Did. I said that I said it right, right. Alison Agram. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. All. Anyway, we, we, So I let her audition for this part because it was sort of like, Wait, you made your daughter read? Of course made her audition. Of course I made her read. Yeah. Because I thought that was gonna be the end of it. And then her audition was pretty good, and I thought I was the bad parent on this side. Oh, It was gonna get worse. And then, so then we, and then, you know, she did pretty well. And then there was another kid who was like an actual experienced kid and we're like, well, this, and I'm, and I was like, this will be good for her.


She, you know, we, we've hired the kid with more experience and then, and So I had to tell her like, well, you did really well. And I was making it up. I was like, you're in, you were in the top three. And, but you know, we had, and then she was like, basically it was like, I didn't book it and I was like, you didn't book it Well, I was like, you're half TFA and that bitch never booked anything. And So I was like, you didn't book it. But then, because it was the pandemic, this other poor kid, they were like, well, she can work as a local hire, but she's in Michigan right now. And the quarantine, it, it fell apart. And so then I was like, back up. All right, home girl, you're up. So she's in it, and now we're face now and it was at the time, it was like, you get to leave the house and get a test and work during quarantine.


And I will say she was incredibly professional. I said, she was like a little bit like mommy. She was like very prepared and a little dead eyed. You all acted with me. That's what it's, but she was good and A little dead eyed. My God, if she hears a clip of that, she'll murder me. So listen Tina, I I'm kind of obsessed with horrible theater stories and theater stories gone wrong. I have so many. Do you, do you have like a favorite of, of like a play you're in or a second city or something? Oh, a favorite theater horror story. Yeah. I do have a pretty good theater horror story. That's from high school theater. Yes. So, okay. In my high school I played Van Helsing and Dracula of Of course, yes.


Feminism. Did You borrow Paul's gray spray? I probably Did. Nice callback. Nice callback. Thanks. And so, okay, so let me think about this. So I was Van Helsing and Dracula, and we did like a total of two performances and everything went wrong. And I can remember this story, like the first thing that kind of went wrong would be like our theater was, was a thrust stage. And the the seats went up was that arena was so like, like tiered. Tiered, yeah. Like, so the, the, the stage was on the ground and the audience was up and we had like a, a rubber bat on a, like a very long string. Like scene one, the bat's supposed to fly by, the bat gets stuck. It's just, just dangling in on the stage.


The rest of the night we're like, oh, that's so good. Then I give some big speech. There's this guy, Harper says to me like, professor, what is a vampire? And I give a speech, like I give like a page and a half speech of what is a vampire. And this kid was just like not listening. So I, he goes, what is a vampire? And I give the whole speech and at the end of it, he looks at me, he goes, but professor, what is a vampire? He gave me this same cue again. Then the kid who played Dracula was this kid John Doyle, who was like very like Bon Jovi based. Like his, his personality was Bon Jovi based beautiful hair. He had like rocker hair, beautiful hair. His mom was a hairdresser and his mom was also a professional and Jillian impersonator side story.


Anyway, Let's get Back, we'll double back to that. We'll double back. Jesus. And so John, you know, because he was like, he was like, oh, he takes rock singing lessons in New York. Like, he was a cool guy. He was not an athlete. And so there's a scene where there's a mirror and Dracula like sees the mirror and he is supposed to throw this like chalice or something and the mirror. And so John being like not an athlete, and in this open arena, like I go a mirror and then he like throws the thing, misses the mirror entirely. So then I'm like trying to improvise like, what am I supposed to say? And then a full, like 20 seconds later, a little techie kid comes out, like in full view of the audience with a hammer from behind and smashes the mirror?


No. Oh, at one point also then the set caught on fire a little bit. Jesus, there was like a little flash pot and the fake rocks of the castle were foam and started to catch on fire. And then my dad, who was, had been a fireman and does not, did not fuck around. He stood up and he was like, fire. And we were like, okay. Like he stood up in the audience and yelled for this is like all act one and then put the fire out. We continued it. It's a longer story than you wanted. And then again, the techies like, there's a part where like there's a techie just like in a bay window, just like in full view of the audience with a fog machine just being like, knowing he's just like a total hero. And then the end of the, the whole thing ended with like Van Helsing kills Dracula with a spike through the heart.


And it was, and I'm down and I'm like acting so hard and I'm doing this whole speech. And then I just hear laughter and I was like, this, this can't be good. This is the end of the whole play. Oh God. Because again, the stage flat audience here, I was like lightning flashing, I'm killing the vampire. And I look up and just a toddler has wandered onto the stage. No, toward me. And that's how not scary it was. The toddler Joined Us. That's, that's my story. Oh, that's hilarious.


You know what I want in life more than anything. I wanna be able eat toasts wraps without stressing about carbs. Tell you something, there's somebody that lets me do that. You know what it's called? It's called hero bread. Okay. So listen up with Hero Bread, you can focus on your health goals and still indulge in your favorite bread meals guilt free. Okay. You're gonna get the soft, fluffy experience that you know and love, whether you're grilling seasonal favorites like burgers or packing fresh wraps for everyday lunches. All your favorite recipes are covered with hero bread, sliced bread, loaves, tortillas, bagels, and dinner rolls. And not only are there baked goods, mouthwatering, they also have ultra low net carbs, zero grams of sugar, and are high in fiber. You'd never know. It's low net carb and high in fiber bread from the texture. No compromises, just flavor. I like sliced bread for sandwiches and I like tortillas for quick wraps. What do you, what do you want from me? I like a quick wrap. It's a great addition to my party, especially when I'm trying to eat cleaner without giving up the stuff that I actually enjoy eating. Okay. Hero Bread is offering 10% off of your order. Go to hero.co and use code SmartLess at checkout. That's SmartLess at HE Co.


When it comes to spending, sometimes it's outta sight, outta mind. That daily coffee habit, those streaming subscriptions, they add up fast without you even noticing. Rocket Money helps you spot those patterns so you can do something about 'em and keep more money in your pocket. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore, rocket Money can help you cancel 'em. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to 740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/ SmartLess today. That's rocket money.com/ SmartLess rocket money.com/ SmartLess.


Our thanks to Rakuten for supporting this episode. Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop. Get cash back at over 3,500 stores across every single category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining, and so much more. Plus, you can maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. I mean, who doesn't like finding a nice deal somewhere and then Rakuten makes it even better. I mean it's just, it's just, it's simple math guys. Rakuten has your favorite stores like Macy's, Adidas, Levi's, Petco, Sephora, many others. Membership is free and easy to sign up with over 17 million members already saving. What are you waiting for? Cash back rates change daily. Start all your shopping@rakuten.com or get the Rakuten app to start saving today. Your cash back really adds up. That's R-A-K-U-T-E n.com.


By the way, you mentioned your dad. I always think about this that I met your parents a couple times, but I remember your dad, I remember going to your wedding and we'd only met a couple times gonna your wedding. Your dad described me as, Oh, he's like, that guy's Brooks Brothers handsome, right? He said, no, he's an arrow shirt. Do you remember that? Yeah. My dad was very taken with Will. He is like, oh God, that guy, that guy looks like an arrow shirt model. But it was very specific. Do you remember Arrow shirts? And I was like, I don't remember the Sears catalog. Like that guy's an arrow shirt. And I was like, yeah, It just made him for for for Thick dudes. Is that what the, was it special for? Excuse me. Nothing. Oh no. Will was thin then He was really thin then I was thin then.


I don't believe it. It was really Tina because because of your theater background, would you ever wanna do Multicam now for the audience? The difference between Multicam and single Cam is a single cam. There's no audience multicam, there's a live studio audience. That's when you hear laughing like Cheers and Will and Grace and Friends and Seinfeld and all those. Would you ever wanna do a Multicam? It seems like you'd be perfect for that. Yeah, I do think it would be so fun. I feel like in some ways it's hard to Will and Grace was one of the last ones that, especially on NBC, they don't really do them so much anymore. And I also have reached an age where I can't really be photographed from the waist down. Yeah, not true. So not true. So like, but I do think it would be fun. But wouldn't It be great to hear all that laughter through the masks?


No, but, and or or if you don't wanna a be in one, just like create one and write one. I think you'd be so amazing. Are you saying that you want Tina to create a multicam for you? No. What about, what about hosting a talk show? Would you ever do that Tina? It seems to me like you'd be fantastic at that. Oh, thank You. I thought, I dunno that I think I'm very shy. I think to me it sounds super stressful. I've never wanted to pursue that. I'm really shy too. Yeah, we can tell. I Am. I don't like being the center of attention. Well, And also those kind of late night talk shows, like that's a, that's a grind. That's like, But you ha I remember when you were doing 30 Rock, I mean you came off SNL, which was a grind because you were head writer and you were doing update and it was a lot, a lot, a lot. And especially leading right up till, you know, 2008 and everything that was going on.


But I was sorry you were already doing 30 Rock at that point, but you were doing so much. Then you go to 30 Rock and it just kind of amps it up even more because you're show running at 30 Rock and you're writing it all and, and then you're starring in it as well and having 16 hour days. Yeah. So you're not pulling Allnighters every night, but you are going 18 hours or 17 hours a day. Like Yeah, that was fucking really rough. Right. For many years in there. It was insane. First of all, also if you hear weird breathing sounds, it's the dog, it's not me. Yeah. Listener. She now has her dog, her her white, what is it? A a cock? P He's a Poodle. Poodle. He's just a straight poo. He's a poodle. Straight poo. Yeah.


Looking back on that, I didn't say say that you looked tired in those years. I just meant to say more that I know that you were very exhausted. You talked about it like you were like getting crushed. It was insane what we did. I don't know. We were just, I was what, 35 and had some juice left and during 22 episodes and also my baby Alice was one when we started. Yeah. Alice. And it was crazy. It was cra I like, I look, I look back and shudder at just what we had. Yeah. Yeah. Did you enjoy the, the shutdown and the pandemic to kind of recharge a little bit? Or, or did you stay super duper busy? I wouldn't say I enjoyed it. I mean like, yeah. One, it's always one of those things where if you're like, oh, I'm lucky enough that nobody in my family died.


Sure. Yeah. So I, it's okay then just quietly say like, it was nice that we were together. No, I guess what I meant is enjoyed the, the period that you could not work. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Right? Yeah. It's kind of nice. I think. Like I would, I'm, I'm ready to retire guys. I'm ready to, I've been Me too, by the way. I was saying the same thing and I was saying, I was talking about it with, with certainly with Amy too, where she's been feeling the same way, which is just that feeling of like, oh my God, you know, much like you kind of did the same thing had, you know, had Archie went right into Parks and Rec. Yeah. And those first few, when you have both your girls had have those like little babies and you're working those insane hours on those shows. Yeah. It's crushing.


It's, it's like, it's soul crushing because you're not at home as much as you want to be. And you've got little kids and you're trying to fuck balance it all. It just, Right. And it's all, you know, nothing compared to someone who's doing all those same work hours on a job that they hate. That doesn't pay well no, No, no. Of course it's the same as being a working parent on any job. Yeah. But like, just in the sense that like of any working parent, especially working mom who's working any job that's taking them long stretches, whatever it is. Yeah. And of course there are a lot of people who could say, well you get paid really well. Like, okay, sure. But like you're still working all those hours, you know? Yeah. And, and it's, yeah. And it's tough, you know, and it's Hard to, once you get to stop, it's hard to go back.


Like, I've worked on a couple things. I did a little small part on this show that Steve Martin and Marty Short have. And it was that thing of like, and your pickup is five 10 and you're like, oh yeah. That used to be every day. Yeah. Especially for ladies. 'cause the hair and makeup People have really gotten used to working at home too. Right. In in in any occupation. I wonder how that's gonna all transition back. I, I think I Know I do like to go to an office. I like It too. Right. But five days a week or would it be great like just two days a week? Three days a week. I feel like that's gonna be the transition. Sean, you'd like go the office too? I Do. I I prefer like the old man, nine to five. Kind of one place, one stop shop.


Jason likes that too. I like a routine. Jason likes that too. And we had this little company a couple years ago and we had this shared office and he'd always be like, you fucking dick, we've got this off and you're never in here. And I go, well, yeah, my dad worked his ass off for 40, 50 years. I don't want to have to do that. Why do you think I do what we do so that I can not go to an office? So, you know what I did? I found a portrait of myself and I put it behind my desk so he could look at me even when I wasn't there. That's a true story That, that really was counting paperclips at that place. Yeah. Yeah. It Really was. Yeah. So Tina, like you joke about retiring, but of course you're never gonna wanna stop writing and you're never gonna want to stop doing that kind of well. Oh really? No. Come on. Well wait.


So wait. Tina, what would you do come though? What is, is there anything like picture the girls are grown and out and you and Jeff and you're at home and what you still would be writing? Or is there something that you'd wanna be doing or, I wonder, I so wonder, it's like that thing of you, you know, the improv training, right? You go back to it and it's like, when do you enter a scene? This is the trick, the thing that trips people up. Does anyone, right. Remember like, when are you supposed to enter a scene? And the answer is when you're needed is the only time you're supposed to enter, you're not supposed to enter. 'cause you have a funny idea you're not supposed to enter. 'cause it, it's going well and you want a piece of it. What about the notion of like you and Jeff just doing just globe trotting and, and wa having some wander lust and, and once you guys become empty nesters, just start traveling the world and knocking down just travel.


Yeah. And, and getting all cultured. Is that something that's appealing to you or, or are you as soft as I am and, and you need CNN and thread count. Oh yeah. I wanna see a couple places. Geez. But I don't need to see everywhere. I know. Increasingly just a homebody. I know, but I, you know what I wish one of us should write is like, someone should try to be Neil Simon, right? Like, someone should write a play. Yes. I nominate you. As If that's easy to do. Yeah. Lemme but like to write a comedy, a hard comedy. 'cause I'll tell you what, I go to these Broadway plays and what passes for a joke, Sean, right? Yeah. Is like mentioning Brooklyn is a joke. Just The word And, and that you have to do it out. You have to play it out.


Brooklyn What about the films that Neil Simon, they adapted and, and became great. You know, like California Sweet and California Sweet Goodbye Girl is one I like. And the Blake Edwards stuff. I mean, yeah. What about them? Those Those big commercial films? I mean, someone's gotta write them Tina, they don't write themselves. Nobody goes to that shit. I Don't think they make comedy films anymore. They make like, We put 'em on Netflix. Let's, let's, let's do that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know man, you why I, I saw some poll on online today. It was like, if you could only live with three of these film franchises, which one would it be? And it was like, Marvel, star Wars. Like Harry, you know, all Harry Potter. Like all these. And I was like, wait, that's what it's become. That's it. Yeah.


Yeah. Those are the film. Fuck that man. Yeah. And none and nobody's funny. It's, this is crazy. I can't wait for the letters and the comments. Oh, nobody's funny anymore. Wait. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You're hilarious. You I love it. Bring it on. I can't Read you. But you're not saying that, you're saying that comedies are not in the theaters anymore. Really? Yes. That's what I'm saying. Nobody's making comedy films. No one's gonna make, you know, the in-laws now. The original Inlaws not gonna make No, Nobody's making You can't make Rushmore today. Nobody's making Rushmore. Yeah, You'd make it for Netflix, I Guess, but I'm fine watching it at, at home on my couch. I don't, I don't need to drive to a theater to see that. Right. I mean, I go to a theater to see some big huge format. Right. A big IMAX thing or something. You come ask them. Is that Penelope?


Come ask them. What Do what's your question? How Much longer? Okay, we're almost done. Sorry. We're almost done. We're wrap it up now. We're gonna wrap It up. Now. Your your agent looks real young. Yeah, actually we are, we are past our hour here. I know we've been taking up way too much of your time. I'm sorry that we're keeping you from the 'cause I want to keep you on. I want, I just want your opinion on everything. I feel like anytime I get your opinion, it feels like it's really the right one. Yeah, for sure. So that's why we shouldn't keeping you around. But opinions are all I have anymore go. No, it's so good. You've, we're Gonna dismiss you, but we're gonna reserve the right to call you back with any questions we have. That's right. Anytime guys. Oh, you're the best. Thank you so much for taking your time to do this. I love you Tina Fey Saturday. You're the best. I love all three of you. Love You Tina.


Go have fun with the rest of your day with that sweet girl. Girl. Yeah. Okay. We Alright Guys. Love you Tina. Love you. Thank you. Thanks Tina. Bye. Byebye. Bye Boy. Just another she, She wanted, she wanted to, she wanted to get off there at the end. Yeah. Do you think she gave a cue to Penelope to come in and say, okay, now this is the time where I need you to No, I, but she was, she'd had A No, she, She's, everybody knows who she is. Everyone knows how brilliant she is. Everybody knows everybody's a fan. It seems like that's the one person everybody can agree on. Right. That's, oh my God. She's, I would like to find the person that, that doesn't like Tina Fey. Like who, who, who, yeah. Who's, who's that person? How, how could you possibly not. Yeah, I know she's the most, she's just so fricking funny.


She's such an unbelievable writer and a great joke writer. I mean, just the funniest always doesn't Take herself or anything too seriously. Always has the funniest joke on everything. Yeah. It's, it's scary. It's intimidating. Yeah. She's, She's, it must be for some, you know for you guys A great, a great leader. Seems like a great leader. Incredible leader. Yeah. I'm very drawn to her. It was Great. Sean, you were on, you were on 30 Rock a few times or once, just Once. That finale of that first season. Just once Will You were on it a bunch of times, weren't you? I guess. Well, that's what the four Emmy nominations tell me. But you know. Wait, what? Come On. I mean, it doesn't matter. Oh, it doesn't Matter. Wait a second. Is that true? Is that true? Honestly, were you on for Four Seasons? Yes. But did you get nominated four Times? Yeah.


Yeah. Congratulations. Yeah. Four. Congratulations. Wait, so guess So, so you did, you did four episodes. You got nominated for all four of 'em. No, I did more than four episodes. I did a bunch. I did like the first season I did one or two. It, it was not their first season. It was like their So do you want me to do an impression of your mom really Quick? Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. Well It would've been more impressive if you won. That's true. That's very true. She'd be much more impressed if I had won. Yeah. Oh God, I, she's Listening. Cut that. If you No, we can keep it. My, you know, the first time, Jason, you know this story, the, we were coming back, the Arrested Development had won the comedy, the Emmy for best comedy and 2004, whatever that was.


And the next day it was, that was a Sunday night. The next Monday we had to be at work early. You and I were in that scene. Do you remember we had the Emmy, those guys, Chuck Martin brought his on set. We were so excited that we won Improbably. 'cause we were such a low rated show. And I'm driving to the Fox lot from Venice and my mom calls and I, it was like 6:00 AM la time and it'd been up until three. 'cause we were So, I was like, oh my God, did you watch, did you see the, the Emmys last night? No, we won. She goes, I did. Now your sister is going through. And then just complete, oh. I was like, okay. It was a very sort of Canadian, like, the whole idea is always like, don't get too big for yourself.


Right. You know, and don't like, oh, you think that you're better than anybody else? Like I, I guess I don't, I'm sorry, I don't, I think I'm worse. And like, there we go. That's more like, you know the idea, have you ever heard the story about the two lobster fishermen, one Canadian, one American or walking down the road? And the American lobster fisherman says to the Canadian, he says, notice that you don't have a lid on the, on your lobster pot. Thereby, aren't you worried that your lobster's gonna get out? And the Canadian says, no, these are Canadian lobsters. If one of 'em tries to get out, the other ones will pull 'em back down. Geez, That's Canada. Oh Lord. That's Canada. That's what I grew up in. Oh, bless. And I love Canada. I love it to death. And I grew up like that too.


It's a very, there's a very sort of, anyway, I don't know. I'm This, speaking of, speaking of Canada, have you given any thoughts? I imagine you're gonna book the guest for our, for our Toronto stop. Yeah, for our, for our tour. Our, our tour. We Which listener? Yeah, it, it, it, it does look like it's firming up. Yeah. It does look like we're gonna, we're gonna actually do this and we're gonna go to a few cities Just inside the new year. Just inside the new year, 2022. And we're starting the tour in Toronto. Is that right? Eh, We can say that. Yeah. Yeah, we can. And then some New York and some Boston, some Chicago, some Madison, some la Is that right? Yeah, I think that's right. Yeah. We end up. So who would we, can we, will you try To I have a couple people in mind that I want to have for Toronto.


You know, I know that Chicago, We should start taking suggestions for guests. We should. Yeah, we should. That's a good idea. Does saying the expression tap link bio, does that mean anything? Tap Link Bio. What? Who's, who's Lincoln Bio? That's What, that's what you say on like Instagram, you know. Oh, tap link in your bio. Oh, tap link in bio. You know what else they say sometimes on Instagram? Don't, Don't you do it. Not yet. Not yet, yet. We're still talking. Yet We're still talking. Jesus fucking Christ. Are You in Rush? He gets so excited when he figures out a pie. It would've been Perfect. I know it would've been perfect. But we need, we have a few more things that we need to do about the tour to talk. Okay. Because the tour is becoming a reality. Yes. Sean, do you have a person in mind for Chicago? I do. I have several, but I don't wanna say them out loud. Yeah, Don't say 'em out loud yet.


Yeah. How are we gonna decide who's booking what cities? Well, why Don't we, well, well, here we have to do dibs and I'm, I wanna do dibs. You ready? Yeah. Toronto and Wisconsin. Madison. Oh, you want Madison? You're gonna take them. I want Madison, Even Though it's my sister. Wait, but we got, are we going to Madison strictly to see Shawn's niece nephew. My sister. Your sister. Fucking Idiot. And how could Tracy be his nephew, man? Like, I guess you could, I've met a couple of Tracy dudes. Yeah, yeah, I do too. You have too. Yeah. Yeah. But All these guests need to be sort of germane to the location. Yes, that's Right. That's right. Yes. That's the whole idea is we're gonna have guests who are germane, hopefully like a, a very sort of organic, not shoehorned in pick.


So think about it. I think that what we gotta do is though, we, we gotta make sure here It comes. You Have, but I can't. But for the tour though, if you wanna talk about The tour, I can. No, I, I'm not saying that there's rules. I'm not saying that there are rules to this. No, I'm saying, I'm just saying that you have to check the so Bad. Okay. Goodbye buddy. Smart, smart.


Hey friends. Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts, or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today.


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scotts Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 Mulch. Shopper Excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details.


Hey everybody. Conan O'Brien here with an ad about my podcast. Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I've had so many fantastic conversations with people I truly admire. People like Michelle Obama, Bruce Springsteen, Maya Rudolph, Tom Hanks. New episodes are out every Monday and we have a really good time. So subscribe and listen wherever you get your podcasts.