
First words, then phrases. And you're on your way to make making con, making conversation this holiday season. Share a new language with your loved ones. A lifetime membership to Rosetta Stone makes a meaningful present for friends and family. Scotty used to speak German a long time ago when he was a kid, and he's always said like, I really wanna learn that again, because he used to live in Stu Guard, Germany when he was in high school or something like that. I should ask him. But he does wanna learn German again, so I can't wait to gift him a membership. Start learning today with Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership holiday special. Visit rosetta stone.com/ SmartLess for unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Available for a short time@rosettastone.com slash SmartLess.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher is now available and you're gonna want to try this. They took the Sonic Smasher you love and added the new creamy queso in hand. Smashed patties made to order the Sonic Queso. Smasher is the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or triple the new Sonic Queso Smasher Live Free Eat Sonic.


This podcast is supported by the new film Amelia Perez, Zoe Saldana, Carlos Sophia Gascon, and Selena Gomez, star and director Jacques ards audacious genre Defying cinematic achievement. It's an electrifying odyssey that boasts tour de force performances, liberating song and dance, and bold visuals. Vanity Fair raves. There is no other movie like Amelia Perez, A thrilling reminder of the limitless potential of this medium. And now awards watch declares. It's the best picture of the year. Amelia Perez now playing in select theaters and on Netflix.


Hello. Welcome to SmartLess. I am Jason Bateman. One of the less smart hosts, even less smart is Will Arnett and Truly Dumb. As Sean Hayes, we each have invited, well, one of us invites a guest per week. The other two don't know who that person is. Some of it's gonna be funny. Hopefully you won't cry and hopefully you learn a little something. So let's get started. Smart, smart. Less smart, less. Well, here's the sad part. You have Chumba Waba on your thing ready to go, and it's not a joke.


No, It's a ringtone probably. He's getting a call. I think I've been going So Humber one, but heavy lately on the, I keep going. Like mid conversation. Alessandra will say something and I'll just go, you know, the thing about me is I get knocked down. Yeah. But I get up again and she's like, but between that and my 10 year love affair with figuring out who let the dogs out. Right, But what about that, that, that, what's the, that crap ass band that, well actually I've never heard their music, but they're goddamn name Bony Ve bony ver. Yeah, It's bony. Ve First of all, bony Vera's a great band. So is it, hang on. B-O-N-E-Y and then, and then VAR or something like that.


Yeah, that's what it is. You fucking idiot. What's a bony bear? Like what? There'd be like a fat va. It's, It's, Wait, what song are they singing? Why? What is it? It's BON and then space IVER. Oh, he likes it 'cause it's French and he's like, I can Speak French. It's not French. He's from fucking Wisconsin. And, and it's this guy, Justin Vernon and my friend Chris Messina who works the band and like, oh, then They're great. I don't know where our guest is, But I, But I guarantee you that they like bony Vera. I have this feeling That they do. How much do wanna bet they, how much do be, Do wanna do a real, do you wanna do a real bet? Wait, I wa 100 Canadian dollars. Sean, you know who this is. So you can't chime in 100 Canadian dollars right now.


Great. So it's fi it's a $5 bet. Is that what you're saying? You know what, dude, that's so insulting. That's so insulting to me and to all my Canadian brethren who I'm gonna publish. I'm gonna put your address online. Oh, right on. Right on. Well just give her, Wait, can I tell you guys something that I was, Scotty And I were watching? Oh, Hey, were you just changing your diaper? Where did you just pull out from your pants? Why do you wear a pastina as a diaper? Because it was, it was cold and now it's hot. I was watching Field of Dreams last night. I've never seen the movie. Okay, hold for applause. What are you doing? Okay. No, it was really good. But I mean, it's kind of a long way to go to tell a story about playing Catch with your dad.


But I get it. It was sweet. You know, Scotty's like, you know, these people won an Academy Awards. I don't know, they were nominated or something. And then we started having this conversation about who would we conjure up from the past that, like if you could, who would that be for you guys? Who would be, who would it be if, Hey, listen, Jason played catch with his dad at home and by his dad, I mean the security guy at Fox. And by catch, I mean smoking butts behind stage five. But look, Yeah. Oh God. All right, well we'll get to that later. Sean, who are you so rudely keeping waiting. Yeah. On our little podcast today, we have a gorgeous woman inside and out who we all know we're all friends with. Really? And we all love.


Oh, she is a light guys. Her lineage is filled with all kinds of famous people. I'm trying to build even the slightest bit of anticipation. 'cause you're gonna know who it is. Lemme try it with this one, this random thing. She graduated college with a degree in photography. Can you guys who that is Annie Liebowitz. That's it. She's a staple in the history of American comedy Will be remembered forever for her many contributions in film and television. She's trending so goddamn hard on social media right now because of her impression of Kamala Harris. It's Maya Rudolph. No Way. Way. The Stacks and the So, And look at this. Oh, pop the cook, The, Oh My God. I was trying to sing Bonnie Ver and the Stacks and the something And I didn.


Okay, so wait. Right. How good is Bunny Bear Bear? Well, hang on. Bateman's great. It's, I listened to the whole thing And I felt bad for Bateman 'cause he sounded old. I know. Identity. And now you look at him and he looks old. They're, That's fucked up. So they're, they're less gross than the name. They're A person I think, right? Isn't it? Yes. Isn't it a person Justin? It's Justin Vernon pretty much. And he has other guys who are in the band as well. Sean Carey, who, who plays. But they're good friends of mine. They're great guys And they make great music. Hi, Maya Rudolph. Hi, Maya Rudolph. Hi guys. Thanks for being Maya. Sorry for the mood lighting. I'm in a cave. It's the only quiet place at my house. No, I was gonna say thank you for the mood lighting.


I'm gonna join you. It's a wink fest here. Welcome. Welcome to my Jack shack. Yeah, he was talking about that the other day. How he You bounced that. Oh my God. Name off of you. Oh my God. You remember I used to say that to you? Did you finally build your jack shack? He's in it right now. Look At him. I can see. That's why he's got a smile and a Guru. Ugh. And no Pantone. Now Maya, the reason you're looking for quiet is because there are six 17 kids. 18 kids over there, right? 15. Jason, good for you. 15. I like to pop them Out. There is nothing elastic about my lower region.


Okay. Nothing. It's basically like when you get a grocery bag Yep. And something has spilled and then everything just falls out of the bottom. So The the bottom got too saturated. Yeah. And now it's useless to you. So kids are falling out daily. Falling out daily. Your kids love that description of how they came into the world. My son, well my son thinks that he came outta my butt 'cause he saw like a birth video. So we like to keep it that way. My son said the other day, little Abel said the other day, he was in the backseat. My Archie And I were arguing about the genesis of this is a terrible parenting of grand theft auto games.


And which one came first and GTA five. And I and Abel's in the backseat go, Hey Abe, real quick, could you Wikipedia? And he cuts me off and he goes, oh, babies are made. You Got it. He's got that on his favorites. It's just a one one button. You know Maya, your husband did describe having a bunch of kids running around the house. He says it's so great. He use a better word. It's like having a fire burning in each room. It's all warm and cozy. Oh wow. He said that. Yeah, He said that. Well, he's a bit of a bit of A poet. I thought he was gonna tell the, the Jim Gaffigan joke about how it's like, 'cause Jim Gaffigan has five, right? Yeah. And I think his joke was, having a fifth kid is like swimming in a pool and you're drowning and someone hands you a baby.


But It's a bit overwhelming. I have to say that being in quarantine with four kids is great because I would be very depressed if I was not very busy. It would be a lot more quiet and depressing. Look at Sean. Yeah, look at Sean. I just got up. Sean is so low right now. He's so, he'd have to rally to die. That's how low. How many books is your computer on right now, Mike? My Is your, is your computer on Right now? My, my computer's actually on a stand right now. But I like to say the books behind me, on the shelf, I've read every single one of those jackets. Nice home. Nice. Oh boy.


Who do you Say that to? To Scotty or, And I say to anybody who'll listen. But Yeah, he says it to all the living members of Humm, Womba, Maya. Are those kids old enough to help out around the house or are they just asking you to help them find things to do? 'cause, Because that is the only reason Jason had children. Right. I just, I can't keep them entertained. Do You have any teenagers yet? Yeah, I got a 13-year-old and an 8-year-old. The problem with the teen part is I feel really badly for them because they wanna be social, but then I all don't want them to be on their fucking devices all day long. Yeah. But then you gotta talk to them. If they're off the device, then you have to talk to them. It's Killing me. And I also feel Like lesser, the two evils is just a a a thicker data plan, right?


Yeah. Oh, I thought you meant dad plan. Yeah. Let's let Bateman keep talking. Let him hang himself. Keep going, dude. What is it? So, oh, so one teenager or two teenagers? I Have one teenager. She's 14. The others are, I have no idea. No. 10, nine and seven. Almost 11. Nine and Seven. Is the 14-year-old an a nightmare? Has she found her sass yet at 14? No, she's not a nightmare. She's the opposite. So I feel really bad 'cause she's a nice person. That's Pearl, right? Yeah. I Love her. Don't show off Sean. Oh, you know, we all have Google. Sean is godparent to all of my children. Is that true? No. Yeah. And like my dad, I've never shown up for them.


Oh. Are you guys godparents to anybody? No, I am. I don't even, I don't know what that means. What does it mean? Yeah. I I don't either. 'cause I think, I think I've failed. Well, We are, we're actually very active godparents Me and Scotty to Jonah and Sammy. Carrie Ailey's children. You Are? Yeah. Oh. And so, and we're very active and, and legally it's just somebody And they highly unlikely and hopeful never happening case where something happens to them. We are the legal guardians. Right. And I don't think that's always the case at It's not a Religious thing. No. It used to be a religious thing that you, and I think now it's much more of a just sort of a custom thing that you do. And babe, let's, should we be godparents to each other's kids? Just out of safety? Safety? No, we're all set. He's good. He, That's why you wanna send over the paperwork.


He's Good. Yeah. Yeah. No, Amanda's got it handled, bro. We're all good. I got a question for Maya. You don't even know it for dinner. Maya's actually the godparent to Scotty. I am. Does she powder and swaddle him? Yes, I do. Maya, I have to say a couple things. One is I love you too. I do. I really do love you And I miss you. And I ha I I feel like I never see you. I know. I love You too, but I don't ever see You. I know it's, it's wrong. But the first of all, I have to say the thing that we all know, but not everybody knows, which is that your mom is Minnie Ripper Tin who sang Love in You. I was so surprised that you threw in the lineage thing. These dudes are like, who?


What? Yeah. I don't even know. Bonnie Berrys. Oh, come on. Your grandfather owned all the Wendy's in like Florida or Something. Yes. Southern Florida. Isn't that Crazy? Hang on. Sidney Rudolph. Free Burgers for Life. So Supposedly my grandfather and his brother were these big time business boys back in the day. And he came up with this idea for a company called Trip Charge. And where it was like you could, you could get a card and charge it when you were on a trip. This was before the credit card was invented. And it was such a great idea that he sold the idea to Diners Club. Way to go. Sid Rudolph. Oh, is Diners Club still around?


I don't know, But I guess he straight up gave him the idea for the, for the credit card. So Diners' Club was just for restaurants. Is that what it was? That's a great question. I don't know. I don't know if it was like a traveler's check situation for going out. I can remember those travelers checks. I remember checks travelers. Checks, Checks. Carte blanche. Remember carte blanche was a thing. What Was carte blanche? It is similar as to like Diners Club. And I thought it was like, oh, carte blanche. And you just say it. Yeah. I like, I like speaking of the Rudolph's. How is your dad? He's good. Are you asking about my sweet dad? Isn't my dad the best? He's so sweet. He's that guy my whole life that people ask me about. Love that. I just got another one today. I met. Look, look at Bateman Bateman's. Like, I don't know your dad. What happened? Why, why don't I get to meet your Dad? Her dad is such a cool guy And you would be well served.


This is like the bony air thing. You would be well served to take that scowl off your face. That's my rest face. Now I have a heavy brow. I need a lift. But I am talking a lot about this. I constantly look like I am. I've just said, what did you say? Yeah, that's, that's the, that's my rest face. Yeah, Mine too. Wait, Are you just coming to terms with this? Just To get to regular? I have to, I have to pretend I've just said, oh, I see. Right. That's what I had. That's what I had. That, that lifts things up to where center is. I think it's from years of being funny and years of emoting. And now your skin is relaxing into itself. I have developed really gnarly eye bags. And I think it's from years of rubber face.


Me too. Maya, Maybe you and I can find a doctor that can just cinch us up in all the places. Does eyes and vaginas. Yeah. Yeah. There's probably somebody in the valley somewhere. They're kind of similar. They're similar areas. Put Your eyes and vaginas done here. That's like Shamp Cooch and Shamp Pooch. Shamp Pooch and Shamp. Cooch knows Ali's Shamp. Pooch and Shampoo. Shampoo. And then in the back you get Shamp Cooch. And you My here's a very dark, dark story. Oh, Ali. But hang on, before you get into this, I do wanna say this. I want, But I went On a date with, with Ali. You went on a date with Ali. Wait, this is, what Do you Mean? I went on a date with Ali in New York, and he took me to see puppetry of the penis. Do you remember that Show? Wait. Yes. I saw it in in in England.


It was terrible. Wait, Ali, who's Ali? Ali Farian. Larry Farian. He is a good, he's a funny guy. He's the guy who came up with shampoo and shamp cooch. No, married with a couple kids. And we used to pass And both named shampoo and shampoo. Shampoo. And we used to pass puppetry of the penis all the time on the way home on seventh Avenue. And then we used to also, Amy And I used to always pass and we'd always say to each other that my favorite title for a play was, I Love You, you're Perfect. That change. Oh my God, I Saw puppetry of the penis. I thought it was gonna be like this brilliant thing. It was just guys playing with the Dicks on stage. It was so painful and awful looking. A lot of, a lot of stretching of skin. Yeah. Wait, so there was actual frontal nudity all the way through it?


Yeah. Really? Are they cut or uncut? They were, well, they're Australian, so Yeah. So Uncut. Yeah, uncut. So snus, huh? Wait, what? It's a snu, right? If it's, It's called a Snu. I believe So. It, I've never, If it still has its little turtleneck, it's a, I'm a disgusting foul person. And I've never heard that term. What about aardvark? We call Aardvark. Yeah, sure. Aardvark is standard. I Love the idea that Bateman goes in to get a facelift and the, and the doctor says No, just, just do the surprise face more. Yeah. And could you take care of my sns? How many SNS do you have? I've got three penises. Sean, I cut. I I, Sean, I cut you off 10 minutes ago. You cut me off 10 years ago.


But that's okay. I owe No, no. I was just gonna tell a story about my mom who passed away like two or three years ago. God rest her soul. Best mom in the whole wide world, darkest sense of humor. That's why it's okay to tell this story. She would even laugh at this. And so when she was two years old, she had cancer And they removed her eye the entire eye out of her socket. I knew that. And it wasn't until she passed away that I found her old medical records from when she was a kid and realized and, and learned that they took skin from around her vagina to reshape her eye socket. Oh. Which was kind of astonishing back then. But you know, I share this story with a friend of mine and he said, wait a minute, you're just telling me this now. The whole time I knew her, I could have fucked her in the eye.


Oh my God. I thought you were gonna say, I thought you were gonna say to her, everybody looked like a cunt. Oh my God. It's brilliant. That's better than everything I was working on. I had tear duct stuff and Oh my God. Okay. Okay. Okay. I Mean, Maya, I'm so sorry. Maya, I'm So, this is an X-rated show, right? Okay. Yeah. No, we're cut That out. So listen, That's really Funny. God, that's really funny.


You know, there's a list of things that take forever to do. Going through emails, going through texts, changing my grandfather clock, changing my grandfather. And if you are an employer, you can add hiring to that list. But now there's hope thanks to ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast. And today you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. Let ZipRecruiter find top talent for your roles in no time at all. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And if you go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist right now, you can try it. Guess what? Four free. That's the same price as laughing So hard that your sides hurt. Or getting a compliment from a random stranger. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need no matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The holidays are upon us. And Whole Foods Market is your holiday headquarters. Whole Foods Market has everything you need. Whether you're hosting the big meal and planning to cook up a feast, or if you're simply a guest who wants to impress with a thoughtful gift, need help in the kitchen. Let Whole Foods Market cater your meal with ease, including savory appetizers, irresistible mains and crowd pleasing desserts. order@shop.wfm.com and make your Whole Foods market your holiday headquarters.


So I want to ask you, seriously, back to many, your mom, your dad produced that record from your mom, right? Yeah. He, they wrote, they wrote a bunch of songs together and stuff. So another common question, and I'm sorry, but I think you and your, Did I get laid? Yes I did. Did I get laid? But did you, 'cause you have a great singing voice too. Did you ever wanna do albums and all that and sing and perform like That? I think the performing part, yes. But the singing part, I knew very early on that I did not have the vocal range. What of my mother. Well, because you were surrounded by music the whole time. Yeah. I'm musical, but I don't, But I don't have that kind of a voice. I mean, you voice the standard is like a seven octave range.


You're sort of like, I'm good, But I like, I like making music. I do like making music. I think now that I'm almost 50, I'll probably start publicly making music now that I'm not as afraid as I used to be. How does one start? Is it like you start with jingles or Yeah. You know, like you write songs about lettuce, you're like, huh, Here we come. Light and Free, Gold and crispy. That's the way it should be crispy too. That's right. Bate man. Swallow it down yourself. Your brand Lettuce, the crispier May do any of your kids want to do like, open their mouths and make sounds that sound like music? They're very, they all seem to wanna be filmmakers.


So that's definitely happening because Your husband or your partner is Paul Thomas Anderson, All of the above. Yes. He's all of those things. And you know, And they have iMovie, so they make a lot of movies all the time, which is pretty damn cute. All four of them. Oh, that's great. Truly, When my, when Archie was born, the night he was born was a Saturday night. And of course Amy didn't make the show that night. And we, We were supposed to do a Bronx beat that night. We were supposed to Do a, you're talking about Amy Poer from Saturday Night Live as your ex-wife. Don't forget, will your OB died. Our OB died the day before. So the day that, yeah, the day Wait what was supposed to go? So it was the first time Ham was hosting SNL. Do you remember? So Ham was hosting And I was to pick up Amy, they were shooting a John Ham.


Sean I. Love Thanks Sean. Sean is like a, is like an audio Chiron. Well, And you know what, and here's the thing, by the way, I have to jump in. Yeah. So my sister and all her friends live in Wisconsin And they listen to these podcasts and she's like, I don't know what they're talking about. Half the time they're throwing about names. So that's why I'm plugging in all these names. 'cause they don't, And you know what my advice to your sister is? Move. Okay. So anyway, Anyway. That's fair enough. That's fair enough. So John Ham, first time he's hosting, so we go and we're gonna, we're supposed to go to this doctor's appointment and the OB dies. He dies that day. Are you being serious? That's crazy. That's What, yeah, he was old. He was Old. He was very old. Why was she seeing a guy on his death doorstep? Did she get a deal on him or something like that? I mean, you feel like you get an ob g yn that that's got a few more years left.


Little more vibrant. Yeah. So anyway, so we go in Sometimes you want, sometimes you want the best. You go, you go, you go to the quality This guy had delivered, this is not a big, the whole, the big thing was he delivered Sophia Loren's baby. Oh my God. Back in the day. One of her whatever. Wow. And we're like, that was great. In like 1950. Beautiful baby. Beautiful. That was a beautiful green. What a baby. But then apparently he forgot about it. But anyway, look. So, so anyway, we go in and Archie is born and we turn on the show that night and he's a couple hours old and Maya sang a song. Oh yeah. Keenan And I, Keenan And I sang a song for Lil Baby Archie. Really live. Yeah. Yeah.


Oh, that's so nice. Wow. Yeah. I'm nice sometimes, Sean. I really am. Well That's not coming through. Oh, sorry. You Are the nicest. I I love you to death. You know that. I know I love you too. I wanna ask you some more stuff, but I can I go to SNL, which I know you're probably sick of talking about, but, or maybe you're not. But I, I'm cool. I hosted your first year of SNLI was was a host during your first year. Oh, I Remember. And even then I was like, as I was hosting, I was like, who is this master of comedy? This girl, I just, I'm who I'm falling in love with so quickly without as much as a date. I remember the facts of Life sketch so well that you put up and it was Mrs. Garrett.


And that's why her hair so red keeps singing. These are the facts of life. I can't Believe that is insane Because I couldn't stop singing it afterwards. Miss Ga Carrot. But, and this why Hell so Red keeps singing, But it's got, it's got wait, it's got, it's got a of Life. These the Facts of Life. It was, it was Who wrote that lyric? That is song He did. Me and Reyna got super stoned and Reyna's a friend of mine and wrote this entire song called The Facts of Life. And it went through Raina's, the friend of Sean's who's a cook and who's a very good friend of Sean.


Sorry, keep going. That's for Wisconsin. Yeah. Got Oh, You're such a Asshole. Alright, so wait, so back to SNL. So when you were there, And I know everybody asked this, but for anybody who's not, who's never been part of the institution of comedy, you know, that creates legends like you are now and Yes you are. Thank you Sean. You're welcome. Maya, no one Said Anything, everyone always asks this. I I did wanna cut him off again 'cause I feel like he might land the plane at some point during the fucking podcast. But I did wanna say, Maya, you are comedy royalty. Yes. To me are, if anyone was listening to anything I've said over the last 20 years, I reference you all the time when we talk about you do, everybody Does A certain level of sophistication and comedy.


I will say like, Maya Rudolph. And people go, oh, I get it. Yes. Yes. No, I'm, I swear to God, If you're only saying this for me being here today, I do appreciate it. It's so true. Maya. You know how I feel? I I you are, you are one of the comedy of legends of history for true People. Get it, it's a very efficient, economical way to say, oh, you would like some smart laughs. Got it. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That's a pretty large compliment. Thank you my friend. It is absolutely true. But I, But I think that what Jason's getting to, not only are you known for that, But I will say that as somebody who has worked with you a bunch over the years, and, and Sean can attest to this too, and the three of us did work together as well. There is nobody who's quicker or faster or better in the moment and, and can eek out, make anything funny.


Even if the scene is terrible And you want to throw it out and then find it in the trash and throw it out again. 'cause it's so bad. Yeah. You have the ability to make every, you bring just, you always bring the element. And this is, I think the real, the the sort of the trademark of somebody is really funny. You always bring in the element of surprise. Yeah. I never know what you're gonna do. And it's so every time it's so awesome. I always feel Yeah, it's exciting doing a scene with you that Way. This is why getting old is great because we all remember things a lot less than what really happened. So your memories, all of your memories of our time together are so vague. Get The humility and the deflection. I love it.


No, Truly. So this is part of the intelligence. It's nice, but honestly it's nice to appreciate. I will, I I will get honest from moment. It's nice to appreciate each other as we, as we age isn't Yeah, for sure. It's, it's nice to have like Yeah. It's nice to have had fun together. 'cause like, my, my thing, once I started having kids and having to go to work, I realized like, oh, I have to actually like what I'm doing today or I'm gonna wanna kill myself. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Because it's so depressing when you hate your job and you're, you've left your beautiful babies at home. So all the time that I've spent with, with you guys and in out in the world and doing things, I, I cherish those times because all I did was laugh my ass off so Hard.


I remember, I remember there's this one scene that you And I were in in the show called Up All Night. Mm. That Will was also in with Christina Applegate. Sure. And, and those are my reference points. Will, and, And what ne so what network was it on? Just people don't know. This was about the, the Coke Attics. Right. So, and Maya, you, there was this scene where it wasn't quite there yet with just the rehearsal and the writing and us acting and we just were Trying to, And I kept saying, is it in? Yeah. Right. And I said, I said, I said, if you can't feel it by now, it's never gonna be. And you, and we crafted the scene in such a way that we finally got it there. And then when we shot it, you made like, to Will's point, you made it so funny.


I couldn't breathe laughing and it was in a house. Oh, was it that Halloween thing where we were supposed to be dead or something? We were pretending to God, I laughed. Sorry. Gotcha. But okay, so here's the thing. But now you've accomplished something that, God, You really did your homework, Sean, what's happening? This is the obligation of the host, of the, the person who invites the guest. They need to be the adult. They need to have the questions who's so together. And the other two idiots get to just throw bombs from the sidelines. So that's me. And Will I never seen We this side of you, Sean? Well, it's, it's, it's comforting, isn't it? It's, it's welcome. But like to your point, If you tighten it up, it is So, Okay, listen, listen to me now.


You've accomplished something And I'm now I'm gonna compliment these other two jerks. You've accomplished something that even Jason will have accomplished. And I wanted to talk about this, what you all came onto the scene as actors who excel in comedy and, and that's kind of what you made, made you famous in The world And you all have expanded your repertoire in kind of like crushing the dramatic work as well. Like I even told Jason on Ozark, it's, it's the best work I've ever seen him do. It's he's incredible on the show. And when he cries, I cry. Very nice of you. Thank you. His face hasn't changed. But you both, you both excelled at the drama work too. And I know that's hard to accomplish, but what's really hard to accomplish, And you guys have all done it, which is to hold onto a sense of where you came from and acknowledging your comedic roots.


Because I feel that a lot of people who are famous because of comedy immediately take themselves too seriously and then lose themselves in the journey to prove that they're more than that. And in doing so, sometimes they fail. I mean, sure. Do you, do you know what I mean? I Think so. I was guilty of that first season of Ozark. I had the, the head writer, a showrunner, cut out all the comedy that he'd, he'd put, it wasn't a ton of comedy, but there were some things that were, And I was like, I was so like pe people have to know that this is, this is a, this is a drama, you know, and they're gonna think that there's a, it's a comedy 'cause I'm in it. So it Is a drama. Well, exactly. But like a great writer does throws in moments of levity to, so, you know, and so I got less precious about that in the second season.


And I, and people really liked that about his writing and the third season as well. So I got, And that was the second season is when they stopped calling you Precious on set, right? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. That was the end of that. Yeah. I figured out what was causing it and put an end to it. I was gonna say, I mean, you guys all know, I mean, comedy is just infinitely more difficult than drama over time to be consistently, you know, funny. It's much harder than, Well, dying is easy. Comedy is hard. I mean, I have to teach 'em all these old ways. Did You make That up? Did you just come up with that? You're brilliant. Holy shit. I mean, Jesus, we should give you an award That's real incredible. Write it down real quick. You're sitting at a desk. Oh, I did. That's why I just read it off my page.


The truth is that Yeah. What what, I mean what you're saying will, is what I feel is like, you know, at a certain point you realize how they, the also the comedy and the dramas, few and far between. And you realize how serious and depressed you really are as a comedian internally. And then like, it, it's all kind of part and parcel. The same thing. So the all the little funny bits make the serious stuff real. Yeah. And it's all kind of, I like that movie you did with Krasinski where you guys were, it was funny, but John k had dramatic moments. John Krasinski from the Office. Jesus, He was on the office. He was on the office. Wisconsin and Sam Menez directed. Yeah. And Sam Men directed.


Yeah. And you guys, that was a great, And I, I said this when we made our little show Flake that not a lot of people saw that was on Netflix. But I used to say, people say, is that a comedy drum? I'm like, I don't know. When I wake up in the morning, you don't go like, today's gonna be a comedy day. Exactly. Or today's gonna be a drama day. I wanted it to feel like a representation of what a, a life experience is. I mean, other than like Mel Brooks' house, I don't know that most comedy households are always funny, right? No, they're probably real quiet. They're Probably really dark. Yeah, For sure.


Hey guys, you may have heard the ladies in your life talk about how much they love skims underwear, but did you know Skims makes underwear for men too? When I found that out, I was like, I gotta get some, I I got some Gentlemen, it's time to upgrade your underwear game with skims. Feel confident and comfortable in the super comfy underwear brand that's worth all the hype love boxer briefs. Then you need to try Skims Cotton five Inch Boxer Brief. They hit right at the thigh and stay there. Yep. They don't move around or bag out or give you the, you know, the end of the day wedge thing. There's also the Stretch three inch boxer brief that gives you all the movement you need throughout the day without riding up or losing their shape. And if you're one of those guys refusing to wear anything, but boxers will try skim stretch brief before you get too confident. The Skim Stretch brief is sleek, lightweight, and super comfortable and almost feels like you're wearing nothing at all while still kept secure. Where it matters most for me, I got the Cotton five inch boxer brief 'cause I like boxer briefs. I like to be, as Rob just said, told me I like the way it cups my noodles. Shop skims men's at skims.com. That's skims.com. Let them know we sent you after you place your Order select podcast in the survey and select our shop in the dropdown menu that follows.


The holidays are upon us. And Whole Foods Market is your holiday headquarters. Whole Foods Market has everything you need. Whether you're hosting the big meal and planning to cook up a feast, or if you're simply a guest who wants to impress with a thoughtful gift, need help in the kitchen. Let Whole Foods Market cater your meal with ease, including savory appetizers, irresistible mains and crowd pleasing desserts. order@shop.wfm.com and make your Whole Foods market your holiday headquarters.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Sure. Now, Maya, with all the years of experience that you have and the clear understanding obviously, of the nuance of comedy as well as drama, do you have any desire to write anything long form or direct anything long form and, and kind of be the person that that navigates all that stuff? Directing? No directing? I absolutely don't ever wanna do. And I think it's the, the amount of responsibility that's required that makes me feel like itchy and hot. The, the like, knowing that I have to make sure you've got this covered and it's like being the host of a party and making sure everybody's happy. Like, I don't think that's in my nature and I'm, and I'm okay with that.


That's why I live with a director. I don't wanna be one. But I honestly enjoy the produce cereal side of giving my opinion, putting my time in. I mean, I, I feel like I'm all, I'm, I'm gonna be a forever writer in the way that I sort of just like haphazardly became a writer at SNL because they just make you write, you don't have a choice and no one really says, Hey, you're a writer. Now you're just like, I'm writing my sketches. I don't have a choice. And it's really the only way to survive. So I think create con I'll continue to create what I do, but the directing part, I like to, I like to sit down and eat my lunch, you know? Right. I don't Like to be a guest at the party, not host it.


Yeah. It's so stressful. And I love when people love doing it And I love to be a part of that, But I feel like there was a point in my life where I thought like, I'm gonna do this And I'm gonna do that. And then once I started realizing I don't, I'm not good at everything and that's okay. I'm sort of like, yeah, there's no sh there's no shame in that game. My recollection of Maya on, on Ball night is just like, we'd be shooting, shooting all day and be like lunch and then her dressing room was next to mine and then like the knock on the door and be like, are we still shooting that scene after lunch? I mean, Done with them. I'd be feeling the same way. I'd be like, I don't know. We both had little kids And I like, I don't know. I was nursing, remember I was nursing.


Oh yeah. At the like Right. Like the baby was in the room. I was pumping And I was sweating all the time. Was that Jack was just born? It was Jack, yeah. He just turned nine. I wanna ask you a serious question. I don't know if I'm gonna get through it with my co-host, but here we go. Okay. And you hang on, lemme get the stopwatch and go, Your mom so sadly passed away when you were younger. I think you were 6, 7, 8 years old or something like that in the Wheelhouse. Yes. Yeah. And that we lost. And so, and you're an such an incredible mom and as I've seen firsthand and always seems like your children comes first, which is the correct thing to do. Thank you. And before anything else, and you're always present and it's what every kid wants.


But does any part of you when you are starting to have kids, like, and it's, it's, did you have a one of those real human fears of, Oh my God, what if what happened to me happens to my children and I'm not around? Is that gonna happen? And, Oh, I'm still not sure that I'm doing this correctly. And I get weirded out all the time that I'm 48 and my mom was only 31 when she died. And I'm like, now what? How, how did I get to be older than my mother? It's so crazy. Like I don't, I I don't know how the hell we're all adults know to begin with. I know. Let alone responsible for other people and in relationships and families. It's crazy. But I What's your perfect, What's your perfect ratio?


My perfect Mate Of your perfect ratio of, of work to parenting? Like, like, like, like what are you doing today aside from this? Like, do you, do you, That's a great question. I appreciate that question. I'm gonna do a little voiceover work later on this afternoon. For Who are you, who are you working for? I'm working for a wonderful production called Bless the Hearts by our friend Emily Spivey that we Oh, I love That. Love Emily Spivey. Oh, Bless Him. Oh, Bless the hearts. Oh, shoot. Up the night with And are they looking For any new characters or, God, that's, that's Will, yeah. That's really good. Damn. It was sexy but also a little bit scary. Ooh, this guy.


And a little, a little bit sad. Like, a little bit like, Well you know what? 'cause 'cause he's had a few, even though it's Wednesday, he said he wouldn't, but he did. Well I thought he was constipated. I he sounds a little No, he had a few. He sounds like he needs water One. Ain't nobody he was looking, he had a few Or he is a self asphyxiated there in the Jack Shack. Oh boy. You know what's funny? I did write in the time that we've been on this, I did write a, a theme song for the Jack Shack and it's called Jack Shack. Shing it Up, Jack Check. You can shack it, Jack Check Shagging it up, Jack Check Shagging It Up. Shack Get your Jack on.


I love Shagging It Up. Shack. I wish we had an animated portion of this show that we Could just, it'd be so good. Maya used to do this character. She, we were gonna do a video And I was gonna be this French, we'll Pop the Cork. Pop the Cork. And I was DJ Metro. It's such a French rapper and it's just Maya. And she's in, just like, she's in Central PE and she's in, you know, Italy. And I like to celebrate Pop The cook, pop the car. We would just say like, London pop the Cook Dubai, pop the Israel. I wanna see you doing all these characters every week Again. Damnit what, what?


I know I should answer your question because you bring something up, which is that I, I do every once in a while go, God, I should do that show. Or I should, when we were asking about creating and stuff like, oh yeah, I should create this show. And then I'm like, what am I saying? Then I'll never be home. I can't do that. Right. But I'm lucky enough to have a lot of talented friends and I'll do like a little bit here and a little bit there and a little bit and that, And that's plenty for you. That's enough, Right? You It's plenty. Yeah. Sometimes I spread myself too thin and then every once in a while I'll say no. Now I'm ready to get back in the saddle and do it. But I also like to go home sometimes. Have you been courageous enough to play with the idea of an empty nest at some point sometime deep, deep in the future?


I, I say that 'cause 'cause I have, and it, it just as much as I am, I, I love to be out and working. I love my kids. I love that they are here. Yeah. And I think I'm gonna be a mess when they go to college for sure. You have that times too, right? Because I got two kids. You've got four? Yeah. And like when one, you know that like when one of the kids isn't home and they're at a friend's house or something, you feel like Yeah, there's no one here. The house is so quiet. I, and it's such a strange, I yeah, I, I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do, but maybe that's a good time to, you know, move back to New York and start all over again. Yeah, there you go. Go see puppetry of the Penis with Ali and Yeah, just do some sort of a sequel to Puppetry of the Penis. What would that be called? Huh?


I wanna go back to the question I had about, We'll come back on that I had 30 minutes ago. What? Yeah, Sean, definitely, definitely tee up another Real question. Go ahead. What's number two? Get Real. I wanna know because I wanna know these things like I know you do And you know what, by the way Yeah. Good For you. Thanks guys. I Know it's very responsible. I feel like you it is very responsible. You brought me in And you're like, I have to ask her real questions or she's great. Yeah. Otherwise it's like, there's, they're just bits, which I love. I Don't care. You don't have to ask me anything real. Listen, you can ask me anything you want. I love it. And so I wanna know how you feel about me. No, I wanna know. So I wanna know like, 'cause way back 30 minutes ago when I was talking about Saturday Night Live and how you've, you've, you've helped create that institution that it is, everybody wants to know.


What was it like getting the gig that you always dreamed of getting? Like what was it like the first week? Is it like the first week of school and were you nervous? And like, how did you navigate around that? That Was crazy. 'cause I came in at the end of the 25th season And I had this really lame situation where I listened to like a bad manager. I was so young and she said, don't audition. The, the new contracts are really binding. And I went, oh, okay. Like a fucking idiot. And so I didn't audition and then long story short, I was lucky enough they asked me to come and do the last three shows. So I did, it was more like trial by fire, but it was the end of the season so everyone knew each other already. It was So it was like, it was like joining a school year with three weeks left.


So like, I didn't know anybody and everybody knew where to sit in the cafeteria kind of feeling like it just felt really bad and scary. I didn't, I Didn't know That. You did not audition. No. So you, were you a part of the writing staff And they wanted to put you on then on camera? No, it was really confusing. It wasn't clear. They brought me and Zach Gki and I think it was Jerry Minor. I think we were the three people that they brought out for these, this three week trial period. But Zach And I didn't know what was going on. Zach said they brought, he had auditioned and then he said like, they brought me out, but they were just auditioning him as a writer. And he was really like, I don't know what's happening.


It, we were a little bit confused. Did Zach do the shows? He Wrote for three weeks. He And I shared an office And I didn that we were both like scratching our heads. Like I didn't know that either. I didn't, what Are we doing? I had no idea. See assholes. It's good. I ask questions like that, that It is good. You know what, Sean? Great question. Sean. Craig, you've finally Been validated. Question Sean. Way To go. Can you string two together? Well that seems like it's very difficult. I can't believe we've gotten to 30 minutes in and we haven't asked you whether you're excited or dreading the whole Kamala Harris for the next probably 12 years. Can I just say, wouldn't that be a nice problem to have?


Oh God yes. Instead of this, this fucking shit pile of shit, of shit mountain that we're living On. I mean, we just, we just had her on the show. You did? Yeah. Literally the day before it was announced that she was on the ticket with Bonnie. She's Pretty fantastic. She's awesome. She's amazing. There's nothing there that isn't cool. It's like, Hey, do you wanna play a cool superhero? Like yeah, sure. I'm, I'm good. Like, yeah, you know this, you know, you get to be Batman and it's fun. It's fun to like be a cool person. It's, what am I gonna, it's Kind of what I'm known for. Batman. Oh, you're talking about Will. Yeah. But once the it's will calls it the hoax virus goes away, you're gonna have to fly back and forth to, to New York all the time. Are you going to be happy about that?


That's, that, that could get burdensome. I don't know. I I really am. I think I'm a little bit in denial of what is happening in the world and what's going to happen. I mean, I is there going to be a live show? Doesn't matter. You know what's gonna happen Maya? Let's not play this game. We both know. I like to, I like to play hard to get Well You don't have to start wiggling when you say that, Maya. Oh, I still have my exercise tank on. I have an exercise. Dianna. I Showered. I didn't even shower Yet. Hi, I'm so, I need to take a shower. You don't want any of this? Oh, do you guys want Chinese chicken salads for lunch?


Everybody, everybody. Everybody's Chinese chicken salad. Let's get chin. Chin. I want chin, chin. Is chin Chin still around Chin? Yes. Still around. I get it all the time. And it's so fattening. I call it double chins. Chin Chin is still the best. Just the Chinese chicken salad. I don't think I've ever had anything else. It's the Best. But you know that the conversation that's happening right now is so Maya will come and do this show. She'll come Saturday and then she'll come the next Saturday. And so Maya will come. That's Will's attempt at Lorne. Michael's impression, everybody. Wisconsin. Wisconsin. She says Sean, they don't need to know. Not everybody needs to know everything. Lorne Michaels is my forever boss. I just decided the other day like he's my forever boss.


He'll always be my boss. Oh, he'll be my friend. But no matter whether I ever work there again, he'll always be my forever boss Mia. Mia Rudolph. Yes sir. You've been incredible. It's Mia Randolph. Here comes Question three. Get ready. No, this is no more questions. I was gonna wrap it up because I know you have kids to take care of. Oh, You mean diapers to change, Scott? No, there's no more in diapers. Right? You're done with diapers. I'm done with diapers, yeah. So I can't thank you enough for being here and we love you very, very, very much. And I love you. I love you very much. Very much love Much. It was way too short. And even though we don't get to speak that often, I think about you all the time.


Really. Like all the time. Yeah. Hey, hey guys. Hey. That, that was so, that was so convincing. That was so convincing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, sorry. I Do. I really do. I think about you all the time. You're always such a, you're always such a sweet little cookie pu, Can you sing the Jack Shack Sean? One more time? Is that, is there a sign off? Jack Shack Sh it up. Jack Shack is totally crispy. Jack Shack. 100%. 100% Jack Shack. It shack. It's totally crispy. It's Totally crispy. Oh, Think about it.


It could be Box of you socks sold separately. I was gonna say, this should be a sock sponsor to that. My super, super nice of you to this. That Was really fun you guys. It's nice to see you. It makes you too. This is one of those days where when I'm dying and I'm laying there shriveled up, I'm gonna think about today and I'm gonna have a big smile on my face. Aww, likewise. Look at that. Love you, Maya. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best man. You're The best. Thank you, Maya. Bye John. Enjoy the rest of your day. So Nice to see you all. You too. Bye. See you later. Bye Bye. Tongues included.


She winged that song and it's gonna be in my head for the rest of the day. Jack. Jack, we were Working on, on, on Up all night, whatever y 10 years ago. And she said, what'd you do this week? And I said, But I spent most of the weekend in my Jack Shack. And she said, and she was so ena, she loved that idea. She thought it was the grossest expression and she used to bring it up all the time. She's like, how's your Jack Shack? Hey, is your, Hey, is your Jack Shack taken this weekend? I need a place, Bro. I got it on Airbnb now. Yeah, good. Anyway, I love her. We love her. I'm so glad. By the way, she's the kind of guest that you, that we have on that we can just completely be ourselves and fuck around and it's so fun. And She could guest host the show with us at any time.


Yeah, because she's so funny. And so and we love her. And knowing when she's got such an ease and comfort and she's just, everything about her is the fucking best. I love hanging out with Maya. Yes. So exciting. When I, I hosted Kimmel a couple years ago and, oh, here We go. Yep. And the rating spiked. The point is this, I don't even know if sweeps are a thing, But I know it was a big deal to Jimmy And I got him a new contract. Yeah. And I don't even know how I started on this story, but the point is, I needed a guest And I said, remember Jimmy's son was, was, was in the hospital and stuff. And last minute I went in there And I, I needed a guest And I was like, who can you count on in a pinch to come in and be funny and available and available?


And Maya happened to drive by at that moment? No. And Maa, I called Maya because Yeah. 'cause she's incredibly funny and quick and she saved my ass. She made me look good. Yeah, She's always, she's always there. Jason, have you ever worked with her? Yeah, she was on SNL the one time I hosted way back when. But I would love to And I was serious. I have, I have talked about her a lot in anything that I have half a say in, I've always wanted to more and more and more. I don't, I don't, I don't like what the kids are doing to her life and my ability to see her on camera more often. Yeah. So I'd love to talk to her about that. Maybe finding another place for those kids to live would be Sure.


Best for me. It's a start. You should call Dave Becky and put a light of fire under his ass. You know? Well, Well, but maybe Dave could babysit the kids and book her on a couple more things. That'd Be great. Dave, Becky is her manager. Thank you. Oh, Jesus. Sean. Thanks Sean. Thanks Sean. That's my, that's my Wisconsin accent. Oh, hey. Thanks. Hey guys, don't worry about it. I got it all sorted out. I just heard Sean said that Dave Becky's her manager. Okay. Yeah. No, Sean just straightened it out. He straightened out for us out here. Okay. Don't worry, Dave. I guess he's some kind of Hollywood manager. Anyway, great guest. I love her. I love you guys. Bye. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Sean, bye.


Oh, Smart. Nice, smart. Less.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CARO n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care. Now in-network with most insurances, that's CARO n.org.


Imagine what's possible when learning doesn't get in the way of life. At Capella University, our FlexPath learning format lets you learn on your own schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.