
Hey, there Will Arnett here from Smartlist. It's the podcast where Jason Bateman, Sean Hayes, And I interview somebody. Two of us don't know who that person is, because one of us has brought on a surprise guest. That's the whole conceit. I wish I could describe it better, but I'm, I'm not that smart. So it's SmartLess and it's starting now. Smart, smart. Bless You. Never did a, a guest spot over on the Morgan and Mindy, huh?


No, but I Would have. What was your best guest spot when you were a kid? Night rider. Yeah, of course. Oh God. Night rider just made my year. I was 15 And So I couldn't drive yet. So this was an opportunity not only to guest on the best show in the world, but also drive a TransAm owned by the Hoff and see how they do all the tricks over there. They had like a little guy sitting behind the seat that was like, looking through this mesh sort of headpiece in the seat. Sure. I loved all the movie magic. I was gonna say, you would've made a good computer if they already had, you would've been a good, I would've cast you as a computer.


I'd still cast you as a computer. Wait, because, because I know that about you. It was on the other day, not your episode, but night writer. And Scott And I turned it on and they did this like super fancy interior shot of the car. Mm. And I'm telling you right now, it was disgusting in there. It was like, there was like dust and like wrappers all around it and like Yeah. All the scratches on it. Like it was not pristine at all. Wow. Yeah. The onset dresser was not great on the Show. Yeah. 35 years later, you're taking shots at, you know, transpo and, and picture cards. Great, Great. We'll have the local on your ass by Monday.


Hey guys, I'm so glad that we're here today because we have a guest on our show and we say this a lot, you know, deserves no introduction. But, but this is just another example of that. This is a person who has won almost every award. It's possible to win in. Well, you know what, I'll let him tell you about it, ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Ricky Gervais. Oh, Whoa, whoa. Oh, it's a nice shot of the awards in the back. Look at all the awards Guys. It's not all of them. It's half of them. There's, there's lots of wol.


Wow. Oh, I nearly laughed a couple of times when I was waiting with the talking about, Wait, what? Did you win? The what? What did you win the guitar for? Oh, that I, I didn't, I didn't win that, did I? Yeah, that's, that's just something for the ladies when they're looking at your awards. Lemme play a little tube for You. Oh God. Oh my word. Look At you. What a joy. What a joy this is. Yeah. It's so nice to meet you. I've never met you. I'm a huge, huge, huge fan. Thank you. How's it going, man? Good man. You guys Don't know each other. No, No. You know, there's one time I saw you standing outside of the Beverly Hills hotel. Creepy. And there was nobody else. And I was like, oh my God, that's Ricky. I, I, I, I'm a huge fan.


Should I say something? And then I fast forward in my head if I just go, Hey, hey, Ricky, I'm Sean And I didn't know if you know who I was. And then you'd be like, Hey. And then it would just end. And So I was like, maybe I should skip That. It's kind of how it's going now. It's kind of what's happening. Well, you know, oh God. One time I was at a Christmas party at Meg Ryan's house. This is decades ago. And Steven Spielberg was in there, and I'm talking, And I'm never met him. And he is like, oh my God. And I couldn't believe he knew who I was. We were talking and talking, talking for like two hours. It was awesome. And then I made this huge goodbye. I was like, bye Steven, nice to meet you. I go out to the valet in front of the house and nobody's there. Right. And I'm waiting for my car, waiting for my car.


And then Steven Spielberg walks up and it's just us two, and we already had a massive goodbye. So then I was like, Hey, how are you? And it was just awful. It would've been better if he had just said, hi, how are you? I'm Steven. If he in that moment, Or if he just said, bye, Benjamin. Bye Benjamin. Ricky, do you remember a few years ago you were walking across the street in here in LA And I saw you and Jane walking across And I pulled up And I rolled my window down And I sort of said, Hey, can I get a pic? And you were, at first you were like, oh, fuck. Who's Yeah. How you doing? And then we realized and You went, don't gimme the fucking wave. It's Will. And you actually got out.


We're gonna let the guest talk here in a second. But how many times have you guys been in the car and you like, honk at somebody and then you pull up alongside 'em and you know that person? Oh yeah. Ugh. Oh, you mean angrily honk? Yeah. Oh yeah. Sorry. Americans honk. Just anything willy nilly. Where if, if an English person honks, it's like an affront. It's like people get out. What the f But in America, it's just like you honk for anything, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's like you, you, you've, you've really devalued the honk. No. Especially in New York. You valued the honk. Yeah. To nothing. I, I think you're right. We should take it back. I think that you're right. Take it Right back. So a honk is like, is like the finger or something. What the fuck are you doing? We should take them Out of car. Hold on, hold on, hold on a second.


What about our time differences? So you're in England? I'm in in la so I'm drinking coffee. Was that ale? I just saw ale. Is that what you people call it? Yes. For Soth. It was a mead. Si. Look at that. God, That looks good. It's a beer As opposed to a lagger. Well, it's a, it's an IPA an Indian Pale Ale. Yes. And what is that by the way? That, that, that came in after I stopped. So what is IPA Oh, Oh. Am I the only drinker here now? Well, Sean, No, no, no. Sean is a big drinker. Sean's still up from last night. Yeah. Good. What is, so the Indian Pale Ale. Do we, do you know what that is? Yeah. I can't be more specific.


I mean, it's, there's a three word description And I dunno, of any other drink that's got three words already to really specify what it's Yeah, Ram. But wait a second though. When, but wait a second. Indians were not known for making beer when I was last drinking beer. So where did that come from? Sorry. Are you saying Indian in the real term? The subcontinent of India in Asia or what you call Indians, which are Native Americans. Just what you arrogantly called Indians. Yeah.


I, I I just wanna say Ricky, just give Jason enough rope. He's about to hang himself. Go ahead, Jason. About to end my career. No, Leave some slack on it, But, but I, I'm assuming the Indian of Indian Pale Ale means people from India. Yes. Yes. I think, I think So. I think it was Okay. So It was Probably something equally racist in that sort of British colonial history. Yeah. So we, we said we're having that, we're having that This is Indian Bay that we asked. Now it's asked. Now I don't, I I honestly, the, we've gone into rounds beyond my knowledge of what I'm drinking. All I know is it's 5% alcohol. It's 6:00 PM That's all I need to know.


And Do you have a, is this a daily thing about this time that you have an Indian pal? L Yeah. Here we Go. Yes, it is. It sure. Have you, I mean, are You only good for about 20 minutes? Is this an intervention? Yeah, this Is intervention the podcast. I don't know if you knew that. Come on in Jane. Jane, come on in. I'm gonna, I'm gonna jack up in a minute. Is that all right? Oh, that's fine. It's just drinking. We don't mind. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. So did you just, now you're rewarding yourself 'cause you've just probably, probably just popped out of the gym. You're probably in and outta here. I have, yeah. Have you, would you Oh, look at that. Of course. Yeah. Look at that. Showing us his guns. And that's all natural. People say to me, Hey, you on the juice. I go, fuck You. Yeah, fuck you. But what?


That's why they think your rage is outrageous. You know, you, you do have a build, Rick. You always have. Was there a time in your life when you were, when you were a gym rat and you just, just love to just blast bys and back? No blast. Listen, blast. You must have, 'cause that's, that's, you're not born with with pipes like that, are you? No. No. It's a shame. This is only audio. 'cause they can't see me. Well, They can imagine. But I'm posing at the moment and I've got terrible. My fake town is dripping off me With a guitar and an and an IPA. Exactly. Yeah.


I do. I do work. I, I work out every day. I try to. Sure, sure, sure. It's getting harder and harder. Yeah. But my, and I probably shouldn't be. 'cause everything is absolutely fucked on me now. I've got two sprained ankles, which I, which is terrible. I still run on no terrible knees. I can't bend without 'em. Cricking. I've got a bad back. My shoulders are fucked. I've got tennis elbow. Yeah, I'm absolutely, but I, I refuse to stop doing anything Mostly from street fighting. Is that right? Because I heard Yeah. I'm like, yeah, yeah. Hand To hand. Yeah. I'm punched drunk. Yeah. But how, how old are you?


59. Yeah. I'm about to be 52 and everything hurts a Little bit. Fuck off. You're older than me. You are? What? How dare you? This is, this hair's real. Look at This. Oh yeah. I've had no work. I don't have two body waxes a day. Wait a Second. Botox, you tw you I'm on swim team. I can't have any hair on my body. You are only, he's only 52. Is he telling the truth? Will No, I won't be 52 till January. Christ. He won't turn to the side. 'cause then you'll see the scotch tape and all the rubber bands and stuff. But he, from the front, he looks amazing. From the front. Ricky, do you have a place in LA or do you only live in England? I've got a place in New York. Had it for a while actually.


But especially this year, I've spent most of my time in leafy hamstead. Yeah. Will's been here. It's beautiful. It's, it's a great spot. And you live next to the vicar? I Do. Yeah. Yeah. Who's that? Yeah. Who Is that? Well, it's just a vicar. He said the vicar. But I, it is. Oh vicar. There's, there's thousands that I live next to one of them. What's a vicar? A vicar. Yeah. You dunno what a vicar is. Oh. Allow Ricky to relieve you of your ignorance. Go ahead Ricky Vicar. You might, It's a deep list. Like a preacher. Like a preacher. Like a local priest. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you live next to a priest, Vic.


Yeah, it's true. You live next to a priest's house. Listen, thi this podcast is the, I mean, it's like, it's like I'm teaching you English Sentence And then I have to explain it. I mean, we spent three minutes on what's Indian Paleo. It's not that important. What's a vicar fucking out? I click. Well, you listen, you've spent time with Bateman before, for Christ's sake. You know what you're getting into. I have, I I couldn't believe my luck. I was a, I was a huge fan of, of Teen Wolf and, Sure. Two, Two. Oh, I haven't seen two. No, you not, you're not. Ah, Can I, so, so can I tell you, so the first time I Ricky that I became aware of you was from watching The Office.


And Janine Graffo had video tapes at the time of the office. And she brought them back and she gave them to Amy and me. And we watched and we were about to start Arrested Development. And Jason And I started watching both obsessively. And we were just absolutely obsessed with the office. And we just thought we'd never seen anything like it. We, it was just brilliant. And I remember about you were coming to, you had come to LA for maybe the Golden Globes or something and, and we met briefly and we exchanged numbers and you were gonna come to the set of Arrested Development, you remember. And I remember saying to the, the set pa, I said, can I get a drive on at the lot? And she said, yeah, gimme the name. And I said, Ricky Gervais.


And you weren't yet a, a household name in this country. I'm still not. And she said, well, and she said, what is it? I said, Ricky, can you? And she said, can you spell it for me? And I actually stopped her And I said, I want you to remember this moment of you not knowing this name, because you're gonna be really embarrassed when you look back at it. And she was like, okay, whatever. And, and you came. And that was our first experience. And we were just, Jason, do you remember how blown away we were back? We, we couldn't, I I couldn't get enough of that show. Yeah. I, And I, I, I still, I I, it's uncomfortable for me to even talk to Ricky. I'm a little starstruck. He, the, it was, Oh, I, I ended up getting enough of it. I ended up getting enough of it.


But you, It, that was at the very beginning of the show. It that, and Jeffrey Tambor shaped, at least for me, the whole comedic tone of Arrested Development, like a hundred percent. I I kind of knew that there was that kind of funny, but I'd never seen it executed so consistently. And that was just sort of my North star. What I was trying to, you know, point towards. It Was, it was a weird way to say this, but it was liberating to watch you in that show. It really was. It opened up a whole other, for me anyway, it felt like it opened up a whole other way of like, oh, okay. This, this is a possibility to go. If he's not acting well, we can all get away with it. Yeah. Then I can do it. Yeah. I mean, if He's just mumbling and not looking Yeah.


He makes me look like a genius. Yeah. I mean A comedy of, of discomfort and, and, and awkward pauses and, and loss of dignity with just sort of a look or a moment as opposed to jokes or anything like that. And, and that the length of those episodes allowed for that kind of, that editorial pace too is something that we sort of tried for. I don't think we could with, with our format, but Oh Well I think it was lucky the format allowed me to do that with a fake documentary. 'cause I was emulating something. I was trying to emulate a very ordinary man who wanted to be famous. So it was sort of, it was easy to not be a trained actor doing that. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, of course. But what, what was the genesis?


We've never really, I'm sure you've had to explain it before. It Was an impression I used to do of like bosses and stuff. I worked in an office for like 10 years. So it was like a Frankenstein of people I'd met growing up. And you suddenly, And I was always, I was always the idiot. I was always trying to make people laugh. And you know, I, I was that guy. I was sort of that guy without ambition or rather without, without nerve. I think I'd lost my nerve. I'd just been a failed musician after like five years of trying, I got a normal job. And then I worked my way up to sort of middle management in an office like that. In fact, the, the, the little pre-pilot that we shot, I went back to the office I used to work in And I used Mates as extras.


And I just, I just ad-libbed around this character showing off to the camera. And the, the seed of that was, we had 10 years of these quaint docus soaps in the nineties on British tv. The new big thing was Docus soap. We had one called airport. We had one called hotel. We had one called Liner was set. And it was just normal people filmed and they'd become sort of stars for 10 minutes. Mm. And of course, nowadays they become stars forever and make millions. But then it was, that was their 15 minutes of fame. And you know, you wheel 'em out. So it was ordinary people wanting to be famous. And was it the same type of format? Would they address camera? Would there be testimonials and things like that?


Yeah. There was, there, there was usually a narration as well. But we, we didn't do that. But there was often it was things like, the cement for the swimming pool is late and they have to open in an hour. It was stuff like that. Right. Was it, it was sort of a Michael Apted. Was it inspired by the UP series at all, do you think? Well, that was, that's the, the greatest. Yeah. That's incredible. I mean, that's still going and that and yeah. Yeah. That, but that's, that really is beautiful social commentary. Sure. These Got watered down, you know, and then people would be doing them 'cause they think, well, I could be famous. Everyone says, I'm a laugh. I'll go on there.


And, and it's like, there was suddenly too much, you know? So then it was people trying to be famous. Right. And so that's what I picked up on with Brent, that he, he was, he was a bit sad. He was forgotten. And he thought, now's my chance. And if it wasn't a fake documentary, it wouldn't work. Yeah. Because once, you know why David Went is acting like that. It's, it's, it's so tangible. It's, it's so great that he just wants to be loved and famous. Yeah. It's heartbreaking. In a hilarious way. Yeah. I Think that one of the things that I certainly, I personally really connect with, with what you do is, is it that desperation, so many of your characters have this sort of misplaced or they just, they're so desperate for whatever it is.


It's so funny, it's so funny and sad at the same time that I, I think the funniest characters and obviously in real life, the doc, you know, the documentary aspect of it. We, we like real life is the, the most dramatic and the funniest comedy and fiction can only try to emulate all those things in real life. So, but someone trying to be funny and who's successful isn't as funny as someone who doesn't want to be funny and wants to be taken seriously. Right. So my favorite characters were those people that demanded being taken seriously. And so, so it undermines everything. Someone being pretentious and then slipping on a banana skin is funnier than a clown slipping on a banana skin.


'cause we know the clown doesn't care. Right. He wants to slip with a, So I think when someone wants to be taken seriously or says things like, I am a comedian. That's funny. I remember, I remember getting a letter soon after the office right. By someone saying writing to get a part. And the letter started. Dear Mr. Ves, I am a brilliant actor And I thought it was Signed, Sean. Oh, So you got it. You got it. Because I didn't, I still haven't heard. So I, I don't know if you got it. Yeah. Desperation is funny. Anger's funny. People with no sense of humor is funny. People with no sense of humor is funny.


The best, The best. One of the things I think is so admirable about you, and there's no question here. So don't feel the need to respond. 'cause I know your humility will keep you from doing that. But you, all, the vulnerability that you put into all the vulnerability that you put into David Brent and, and many other characters that you play is really the root of the, of the comedy. You, the man is so broken and, and a mess inside that, that is what I find So heartbreakingly hilarious about it yet. Well, on your, your standup, it is almost the polar opposite of that in that there's so much confidence and judgment is sort of the, the, the character that you play. And you can still get equal lasts with that.


So the fact that you're able to make people, you know, double. Well That's very interesting because I don't think you need standup slightly different. Standup is slightly different to fiction in the sense that when you do a sitcom or a film or whatever, you do your best and you try and you try and make the plot work and the characters work and the art and you do all that. And then you put it out there and there's nothing you can do about it. With standup, you do it every night. And the audience, it's more like evolution by natural selection because they choose the bits for you. It's more like a science. 'cause it either works or it doesn't. Mm. And by the end, you've got a perfect thing that works every night to everyone around the world because it's tried and tested.


It's, you know, they've, they've chosen it for you. So that's slightly different. So what you don't want with standup is an audience to feel sorry for you because you haven't got time. You don't want that. And it, and it, no, it you don't want that? No, because Okay. Because it's the pure, it's like the purest, sorry. Because it's the purest because jokes are more of an intellectual pursuit. You don't really need a context for jokes again. 'cause they work or they don't. A joke can sort of work on the page. You can read a joke and it still works. You don't need someone telling it. Obviously. You add to that. I think my favorite standups do add to that they've got a context. They, they build character. You know, You've got props. Yeah. Props in a bag. Sure. Those are your favorite Snap.


You love a prop comic. Be honest. You are being humble here. What, what I'm trying to say is that you're the comedic flavor, right? Your comedy comes from vulnerability, let's say say in David Brent. But with the standup, it comes from sort of this feigned brash arrogance. And, and that you're able to do both so well, I find just incredible. Well that's just because it's another character and you commit to it and that, that evolves as well. But you can't just write a bunch of jokes and anybody can say them and they're gonna get the same laugh. No, but you can because like by the time humanity came round, I'd, I'd sort of hit that sweet spot where the audience had known me for 15 years. So they knew what I was doing.


They knew the irony. They, they understood the nuance without me having to explain it. So I could come out and hit the ground running. The, the, the important thing is this behind the scenes, right? I I think with particularly standup is traditionally it's a low status thing. It's a, we're a court jester. We go out there with the other peasants and we tease the king. Okay. Right. And everyone knows what comedians earn these days. So I can't really go out there and pretend to be struggling. Right. Struggl, I think that would be, that would be nauseating and, and and dishonest. So I Would Like to see you try though. Yeah. Yeah. So I keep my low status in two ways. One, I invite them behind the curtain. I say what you think it's, you think it's plain saving? Do you being rich about, well look what happened to me when I met so And so.


Or first time I took a private jet, they thought I was the cook. So I do all that. Right, right, right. And the other way I do it is I talk about things where I'm worse off than them. I talk about being fat and old and in pain and going bald and do you know what I mean? And being hated by the press. I don't know what you mean. I dunno what you mean. But let me, do you think, I mean, Ricky, you started, you started as a stand. You were doing standup before, right? You you you'd been doing standup off and on Yeah. For years. No, I started, I started before the office, but I only started in about 19, 19 9 I'd say was my first try. And then you, you started doing that in 99. Then the office hits. And then over the last 10 years or 15 years, as you've grown and and done more and more standup, you kind of, you build that currency right.


With your audience. Like that. That's the thing. You build the momentum of that sort of relationship that you Yeah. I have to go out there And I, And I wanna be the one that says the wrong thing. Whatever. Yeah. Whatever the current regime is, I have to say the wrong thing. I have to go against the grain. Which is why it was hard for the last sort of few years. You know, I didn't realize half the people would agree with those things on face value. So irony was put in danger Recently. Yeah. I remember. I remember going to that small little theater. You were working stuff out. Remember like a couple years ago I came up there. Yeah. And you were working out jokes in the audience. And I remember you, first of all, the relationship was, they knew you. They came 'cause they were huge fans.


You had a limited number of seats. It was basically free, but you were working stuff out and the relationship was, Hey, I'm trying stuff. And some stuff was, you know, over the line for them or whatever. But you were Yeah. Figuring out, well That's the thing. You know, you do have to find the funny, but you have to go for it. And you have to be able to play. And that's the problem again with today as well. Because I've done shows that I'm trying stuff out and it's been reviewed and I'm gonna go, well that's mad. You can't do that. You can't, you can't do someone who's just started a painting going, it's rubbish. I haven't done it yet. I've just done the back. You know, it, it's, it's crazy. So you, you have to fight against that.


And I try and keep politics explicit. Politics outta comedy. 'cause I think if you are relying on the audience agreeing with you and getting round of applause, it loses something comedically. I want my jokes to be liked. I don't care whether they're right wing or, or left wing or whatever. Right. Because the joke either works or it doesn't. And it actually shouldn't matter. It's meaningless anyway nowadays, left and right wing. It's, it's, it's a meaningless term. But I think it's important that you evolve but not with those reasons. You don't evolve because it might be taken the wrong way. You don't evolve because you might be bullied by a reviewer. You don't evolve because you want everyone to like it. That gets you nowhere.


When did that happen for you? Because that's a certain fearlessness that I think you have to achieve. You can't, I'm sure there was part of you when you were much younger that you didn't have that. Right. I've probably got more fear now. But you have to fight it. You have to be, you, you have to know that art is being brave. It it is being brave and putting it out there. 'cause it's Because you've got more to lose now. Right. Well, it just makes me angry. It makes me angry if people don't get something or so. So that makes me work harder to still get the same joke out there and everyone like it and be able to defend it and sleep at night, which I always have done. There's this myth that I, I've got there And I say what I want And I don't care about what people think of me.


That's just not true. It, it's, it's, it's ahead of a challenge to, I do love it. What you do say at the end of it, I don't care. You know? Yeah, of course. I love that. That, and that's, that's marketing, right? Yeah. And it, and it, and you have to be militant about it. You have to act like you don't care. Right. But actually, you know, it annoys me when a you know, a any sort of, someone thinks that you've, you've, you've done this or you've gone too far or I wanna go, well I've worked that joke for a year with like hundreds of thousands of people. You thought about it for three seconds and you've got it wrong. Right. I think because reviews now are so fast and people don't think there's no nuance on social media. Like 10 years ago, say 20 years ago, if someone complained about something, it would make me think, I'd go, oh God, I'm, you know, really.


Now someone says I'm offended. And I go, yeah, of course you are. Everyone is. It doesn't matter. Yeah. I brought this up before that You have that great tweed that's been shared millions of times I think. Now, would you say just because you're offended doesn't mean you're right. I know People even understand that and they still fall for it. They still think, no, this is different. So I did a tweet when I was doing the warmup for this new show. I said, guys, are there any things I should never joke about? And of course everything people said was funny. Yeah. Everything people said was funny. Right. This disease is things like one person said losing two children, which I thought was just an amazing thing to tweet. Just an amazing thing as Opposed to one.


Yeah. I so, so specific. So specific. It's sadder than one, but funnier than three. I mean that's, that's a definite for sure. I remember, So I said something similar years ago on Twitter, but something along the lines like I I apropos of nothing, like, I hope you're not offended or, So I was, and all these people immediately got on me was a few people sort of saying like, well what is it you're talking about? They were pre offended. Yeah. And I hadn't even said Yeah, yeah. Anything. Yeah. Yeah. Incredible. Of course. And so, yeah, so you're right. It's watered it down. Who gives a shit Because it amplifies it. You know, Twitter is like reading every toilet wall in the world. Yeah.


Okay. And when you look at like that, you shouldn't ever be offended by anything on Twitter. Right. But It's also depends on the messenger. Like I think you are a messenger of that. Like you said, like it's all branding and marketing. That's who you are. It's kinda like Don Rickles, who I thought was always hilarious. He was so offensive to everybody he met, but because it was Don it was almost okay. Yeah. But if it's somebody else trying Yeah. It's not gonna work. Well that's the other thing as well. It, it's like I'm offended when a comedian says sorry. Right. Yeah. Because I I i, it usually means they've got a film coming out or something. The last, the last big venue standup I went to was you at the Hollywood Highland.


I don't, I don't know how many years ago that business of big venue for standups, Ricky Would te text me from time to time on his way to an arena and just like, oh God, 18,000 tonight. I don't even know. Don't Even know if it's a big number. I sorry, I've gotta Go lost perspective. 18,000 people are waiting. Sorry, I've got a dash. Wait. Ricky, can I ask you something? Because I, I don't know if I'm, I hope I get to see you again. I, I, I just, so Far it's not looking great. It's not looking good. It's, I think you're brilliant. But you know, I always wanted to ask you, like, I always found it interesting, you And I share several things in common. Like I started out really early wanting to be a pop star like you, but you kind of succeeded with an album and everything and we're both gay.


Right. And I think he was ready for that. I, that's think he was ready for that as not this podcast. This episode is about to go huge. We've both slept with Bankman. Yeah. Right, right, right. Wait guys And live to tell about it Is a podcast. No, but can I go and get a beer? Oh Yeah. Go get a beer. Hang on. Let, let him go and get a Beer. Okay, good. Hi guys. Hi. Jb, what happened to your hand? Oh, I was pulling my golf bag out of the backseat of my Tesla. Oh God. And I Jesus. Is That way, is all of that true So far? And I sprained the tip of my ring finger. Yes. Well, I'm glad you got ill. So maybe we can get back to my, my question about music, Sean.


Sorry. So listen Jesus, Sean, I Keep us on the rails. Sean, I'm actually, I'm actually interested just because I find it interesting that you were also very seriously. Like I've seen those music videos And I just thought it was interesting that you pursued that and were you all in on that and then it didn't work out? Or were you pursuing that and acting at the same time or whatever made you famous, you know, and then you had it because It didn't work out only Yeah. All in. But but in retrospect, did it all wrong? I I I was in a band. 'cause I loved those songs by the way. Thank you. Yeah. It was, it was very fast. It was, it came and went very, very quickly. And I think you only know about it now because I'm famous for something else.


And those pictures and videos pop up on Jimmy Fallon for sure. So like anyone else in every generation, I think it was, yeah, I found it fascinating 'cause I was pursuing the same thing. And I also then went into comedy. Well, it, It, okay, so it started at, at college and we did a demo tape and we got signed and we did two singles and then we were dropped. And it was like, it started and finished within a year. Wow. And that was it. Oh wow. You know, EI think even if it had been a success then in 1984, whatever it was, it would still have been over quickly. But there are some bands that were good back then that are still around. Like, and Would you and Rick Asley have done a duet? Do you think you and Rick would've, Or wham or It would've certainly been, you know, we started with the sort of the hair and makeup and s sin pop.


But this, this is the mistake I made. The mistake I made was I wanted to be a pop star And I should have wanted to be a musician. And I, when, when I started doing this, I realized that I, I, you know, I consciously and militantly called myself a writer director. So people didn't think that I, I just wanted to be on telly because I didn't. And I came to it very wary. I came to this very, very wary, not because of the music thing, but because of I think the press in England. And I never reve famous. I never, I've never asked for an autograph. I've never been impressed by seeing a famous, And I, And I thought, I thought that of myself. I thought the people I admire, I admire.


'cause they've done something absolutely brilliant. Right. My heroes are like scientists and things like that. Yeah, same. But, you know, and, And Andrew Ridley. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. So, right, right. So I I feared fame. I didn't wanna, I I didn't sign that deal with the devil. Make me famous and you can go through my bins. In fact, I probably feared it too much. I was probably two minutes, but now I'm sort of chilled and, and, and it's fine, you know. But don't you think people that have fame wanted it? What? To a certain degree. Yeah. But I, the other thing is it's a bit ambiguous when you're an actor, isn't it? Because I think you're allowed to really want to be an actor and 'cause it's fun and it's great and it's interesting and it's better than most jobs without saying I wanna be famous.


I, I think it can be an 'cause if you are a successful actor, you are probably a famous actor. Right. But thank you. And certainly there was easier routes to being an actor than actually writing and directing a thinker. Right. For three years. There's easier route. In fact, it annoyed me once when the office broke and it seemed like I was, I was just famous overnight without all the work. Someone on the red carpet said to me, what advice would you give anyone else who wants to be famous like you? And I said, go out and kill a prostitute. And they looked at me like I was mental. It just really annoyed me like that.


Like, there's such easier ways to be famous than actually writing a sitcom from scratch. Right, Right. You know what I mean? There's, Do offers come to you when you kind of flirt with that? Or do you only create your own things and only want to create your own things? They've the, I think the offers have dried up because it's been no, for like 10 years that I've used to been busy and, and you start off in your flat. And I remember, I, I think the, the second episode of The Office had gone out in like 2001. And my agent got a call from a studio making this movie. And they sent me the script And I said, what part am I? And they said, the lead. And I said, it says here he is 26. Right.


And I was 39 at the time. I was sort of 40. And they went, we can change that. And I, I thought, okay. And I said, I think you need, I said, who's gonna go and see this? No one knows me. And they went quiet. And I went, you need John Cusack for this. And they sort of went, okay, well thanks for the call. And in my head I was oozing integrity and they were going, what a guy. But actually they probably went, what a fucking idiot Ozzy think he is turning down a lead movie. He's not gonna get my name. That's interesting. And I, And So And so, it was no, because I was busy. It was no all the way the first one that I said yes to. 'cause I read it the first one I read. Actually, Jane would read them and say, no, no, no.


Or you might. And the first one I did that I, I thought, if I don't do this, I'll never do. One was Ghost Town and it just, I was reading it And I was laughing And I thought, this is me. Yeah. I Love it. I love that One. This is, this is, this is written for me. And So I, I did it And I loved it. But it still, it, it still doesn't feel like mine. The things I, I've done loads of things. I've popped up in things. I've done the Golden Globes, I've done this and that. But if I say, what have you done? IIB list, you know, three or four sitcoms, a couple of movies and my standup, that's what I'd say was mine. Right, right. Do, do you know what I mean? Is Jane your filter of pretty much like, is she your go-to barometer of, of everything?


Yeah. Now I don't even, I say no to everything 'cause I'm sort of busy. But when I'm working stuff out, yeah. I, I run things by, if I go for a run And I got an idea for a routine, I come back And I say, what do you think of this? And she says, please don't do that. And I know it's, I know it's good. I know, I know. But I love how many times we've, we've been fucking around or having dinner or whatever and how many times Jane has said, you guys have to keep your voice down. Shut The window. Shut The window shut. I have one more question about the office. So it was an incredible success on its own. And then when it got brought here to America, another incredible success in Feather in your cap with that, was it comfortable or uncomfortable to watch it take its, I don't know, necessary or unnecessary slight comedic tone shift to an American pacing and whatnot.


I I, you've gotta think that it's not your baby. Yeah. If you think that, you know, Ricky Just include in that. 'cause I Would sort of, going off what Jason's saying, it was such a huge shift when you see it changed the way, certainly in this country, people started making comedies. Yeah, for sure. There was such a direct effect. I remember watching somebody on a very fa who created a very famous, successful sitcom here saying, you know, and then we decided in the pilot, why not have the characters talk to the camera? And I thought, shut up. Well, the thing is, I didn't invent the genre. In fact, my biggest influence, I think writing it there was someone else's work was Spinal Tap, which is a fake documentary.


That's just, I mean, that's, no, no one owns fake documentary. I, I suppose what was different, slightly different about it was that it was, we left the boring bits in like David Brent made bad jokes and no one laughed. I I I, I wanted that, I want to explore that gap, that social that, 'cause that's the worst thing for me. I don't get embarrassed, but I get embarrassed for other people. If, if we're in a group and someone makes a bad joke and no one laughs, I just wanna go back in time and go Right. Do it like this. Do let's do this again. Let's do, and Ricky, what you guys did so well on this show, And I remember this kind of reminds me of when, when Mitch Hurwitz was putting together the pilot of Arrested, what, what, what you've done so well is you Anyone, listen, arrested is short for Arrested Development is a TV show.


He just, he leaves off the last word. It's just there's, we haven't got, there's limited time. If we, I worked out, if we said Arrested Development every time we'd, it'd be three months of our life. Great. Now we gotta go cut that out. But you, by the way, Ricky has called me on that, like out loud in a restaurant. Arrested Development. Yeah. So, but, but you, what you did such a great job is, and when you put that show together, you recognized you'd have David Brent do the worst joke or do something super embarrassing. And then you always made sure to anchor that by looking at the reactions of the people around him. You whip hand or whatever. And that's what happened. Yeah, I remember with Arrested Hang on development.


But, but that, that, Mitch said that when he is putting the pilot together of Arrested Development that he had doing, he was like, well, it's not working. And he realized that he needed to have all these crazy characters do stuff and he needed to see Jason's reaction to it because that put it in the context. Well That to me is, that to me is the comedy. Someone doing something weird is one part of it, but it's how does it fall? What's the, what's the fallout of it? That's, that's what's always interest to me. And again, I learned that from Lauren and Hardy. So Stan doing something stupid was funny, but it affecting Ollie was the joke for me. That's what comedy, some comedy didn't have before.


That there was no fallout. No one got hurt in the wake of someone doing something ridiculous. Like people would be acting and they'd be saying stupid do it. But they'd be acting like he said something normal. Right. And so you have to react to that people. Yeah. There's nothing weird about Martians on Mars. You put a Martian on earth. Yeah. That's, that's, that's interesting. Well, that's another good, very good point because that's why, again, David Brent was the boss. Yeah. And so he shouldn't have been acting like that. He should have been the grownup, but he was acting like the child. So again, it was the, the big thing there was, you know, men as boys and women as adults. Which again, I think is reflective. But again, Lauren and Hardy did that.


The Lauren and Hardy, they were children and their wives had to catch them doing naughty things. Who was it that said steal from the best? And I, And I certainly have in, you know, Lauren Hardy and, and Chris Guest and those guys. So Ricky, what, what do you because I'm like, this is gonna be over and then, and he'll Never talk to you again And we're gonna go. Right. And in my mind, you go off and you start writing and creating and doing all of these things. But what is the reality? Like what does your days consist of? What do you, what do you do? Like what will you do tonight? I'll, I'll go and watch Arrest, Arrested. A scan noir serial killer or spy thriller on Netflix or Amazon Prime or Walter represents, or BBC four.


I want European or Middle Eastern or South American drama. I've just found, I've just found now that with all these subscriptions, I can find the best dramas in the world. And Why don't you be in one? Yeah. Because I can't, I can't speak any languages. And also, what about English? I see my favorite thing, right? This scan drama, it's like series three and suddenly an Englishman or an American pops up And I go, oh, fucking Al. Yeah. They just, they just ruin it. Yeah. They just fucking ruin it. Have you watched Long, long Kage, otherwise known as Spiral, that French cop show. It's, It might be one of the best programs ever. Me too. It's amazing. Another one as well.


There's only one thing that might even be better than that. And that's the bureau. Have you seen it? LA Of course. It's incredible. It's incredible. I understand. It's, it's incredible. There's a great Belgian show as well called The Break. Oh, Jesus Christ. Have you seen about this? Amazing. Have you seen Oh, the 12th. Another Belgian thing. The 12th. The 12th. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wait, did you, have you guys seen Quincy? Yeah. And what about Chicago Fire guys? These guys, Jason spends all his time trying to figure out how IPA is made. Made. Yeah. So he doesn't have time to Watch. Well that's, that's so, so okay to quickly answer. I get up, I have a coffee, breakfast We go for a, a long walk. Which is, which is habit.


Now we get that. Where we used to do that when we were allowed to go out one hour in. But Dogs, cats. I know you have pickle. You Don't walk a cat. You stupid ass. Well, I, my my, our cat died at the beginning of lockdown. We just got a new one. Oh, You see what you've done, Sean? Where to go? Sean? That's a fucking dick. Go on. Sorry. So you're walking the cats? No, we go for a walk. Just, i, I go for a walk. An hours walk. I scuffle dogs. Ricky, Why don't you and Jane have a dog? 'cause I know you love dogs. I know. But why are you guys more, are you consider yourself cat people? Or why don't you have a dog? No, I, I absolutely love dogs. I love, I love all animals. I think to me, all animals are unconditionally purpose and beautiful. And I agree. And you know, the only animal that I think you can ethically keep is, is a, is a pet a domesticated animal.


But I love all animals. But the reason I don't have a dog is we travel too much. And a cat, you can have a cat sit, it doesn't care. Okay. Yeah. A dog. I can't stand a dog. The dog doesn't understand. They have an emotional intelligence beyond some people. I can't bear that. I have to travel so often with a dog. And So wait. Well well then what happens with the cat? The cat just stays home. You leave out a big, big bowl of milk and and Come back. No, we have people look after it, don't we? You fall of milk. Like, like the Flintstones. Yeah. Yeah. So your guess is that cats are so emotionally stable and secure Yeah. That you can go travel around doing all your shows for a couple of weeks and they're good.


But a dog, your guess is that they're just emotional basket cases and they need you there a little bit more often than once every couple of weeks. Well it's, it's, it's, it's based on, it's based on knowledge, science, Science. Because 'cause of all the interviews they've done with the cats and the dogs. Yeah. So the cat is Jane. Is Jane a dog or a Cat? Jane's a woman. Oh No, I'm kidding. Is she, Is she like the independent, like, you can go away And I don't, I don't need to see you. Or is she a dog like where she's like, I I am gonna miss you. I need you back and forth. Oh, I see. Oh, oh, I see. Yeah. I was trying to elevate That. Jane's got some sexy indifference like a cat.


Right. It's like she she doesn't really need you. She's all fine by herself, you know. Right. No, Jane, Jane, Jane. She Needs you. I'd like to, I'd like to think Jack needs me. Wait, wait, wait. Can you get through that one more time without laughing? That would be great. We're still rolling. She needs you and then don't let, she does need you. And, and, and you could bring the dog, you know, because you, you, you're only gone a couple a night here and night there. 'cause you've gotta go and do these arenas. And, and God, God bless you. And I feel the same way. I need to do arenas too. But, so let me ask you this. So what do you, what do you think you've been at home, you've been working on, I know you're working on series Your Body three.


I'm working on my body now. Yeah. That's why you can't see my Hands. He's, oh, he's doing, he's doing leg lifts. He's doing leg lifts under the table. But you're, you've written series three Yeah. Of yeah. Afterlife. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I did that quite quickly. Yeah. And Series three is, is season? Season three. Three. Okay. Season three. Yeah. Sorry, we're European And that's ready before sort of workshopping and, you know, and, and all that. And I've like, I've basically cast it in my head and that's ready to go. We're filming in April, So I feel like I've fill the gap. I can't do gigs at the moment again. That's ready to go. In fact, all my gigs this year have been postponed till next year. So I do that after I film.


So that's ready to go. What about the jokes in that that might be topical that are not gonna work next year? Or you just kind of update those? Well luckily when you're still doing stuff about, you know, Hitler and famine aids Sure. It's pretty fucking timeless. Evergreens. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good for you. We're always, luckily we're, we'll always have killer diseases and fascism. Yeah. So keep This Going. How do you think that looks? So you're ready to go back on the road? You've been working on your standup sort of nonstop and refining it. I will have to change it slightly. Yeah, I'll have to. I think depending on what, what happens. Because I think if a vaccine comes in And I think people would wanna forget it And so it, it, it, it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be timeless.


And if I was doing it now, I'd start with it. I, in fact, I did a couple of little warmups when we were doing social distance gigs And I started off going, it's great to be gigging. I haven't, I haven't gigged this year. The last normal time was Christmas, wasn't it? That was the last time with friends and family. And we don't have, we didn't have a traditional Christmas. You gotta move at the time. We might be cultural. We had bats. We had a load of bats. Oh, you, you ate bats. So I started off I God Shit. We should talk Ricky, who, who makes you laugh? I know you get asked this a lot. It is like one of those standard questions, but fuck it. Who do, who makes you laugh? Well, You do. You know that Well done.


Well present, Excluded, present company. We got what we wanted. Print. Print. Oh, you have to, you have to categorize it. You have to categorize. I mean, who makes me? I mean, I, are there people who, the way that they Larry David? Yeah. I think, I think Larry David is underrated. I I know he did the biggest sitcom of our generation, but I think curb you's a 10 series of curb enthusiasm and the, the, the, the quality just hasn't changed. And he's remarkable. And he's brave and he's funny and he's a great performer. He's fearless. You Guys are very similar that way. Yeah. Self-effacing too. Yeah. I, I I think, I think he's the come a all round comedic creator of the past 25 years, I'd Say.


And Chris guessed. It sounds like Chris guessed you like a lot too. Yeah. Chris guessed probably the biggest sting or influence Yeah. On me is both the sort of his style, a friend and a mentor. 'cause I knew no one in the industry. And when the office went out, Chris guest called me. He said his wife had seen it and said, you've gotta watch this. And he loved it. And I could see why he must have seen his influence in it. The influence, yeah. But he called me up and just said, I don't wanna say, And I was blown away. Of course. And then we became friends and then I'd called him And I wanted advice. So I remember, I, I I, I early film, I did, they want to do one of those screenings where 40 people give you notes. And I said, I don't wanna do it. And he said, why would you, he said, if you're letting them edit it next time, why don't you write it with them?


And I just thought that was such a lovely Wow. Yeah, that's, and then he told me a story that the director of Rainman did one of those things. And his favorite comment was, I enjoyed the film, but I was disappointed that the little guy didn't snap out of it by the end. And so he'd given me that, those those little nuggets To, to, to fear, to Fear about TV by committee. And he's, he's just lovely and he's still funny. I remember he asked me once, he said, we'd just be mucking around like, you know, idiots like kids. And he said, if we are not suddenly not funny and no one finds us funny, how will we know?


And I said, who cares? Yeah, who cares. Yeah. We're laughing. Yeah, For sure. Now, Ricky, I have a, a semi-serious question here. I don't want you to cry when you answer it, but with all of the information we've heard about how you started and what you thought you were gonna be and the music and whatnot, you're in your mid fifties. Have you exceeded your expectations? Oh, Fucking out. I of course I fucking have. Well, but I mean, I'm, I'm assuming there is a higher place and we always sort of reset our goals as we start to approach them, right? Yeah. Where, where are you at right now. Are you satisfied and and yet still want more or have you hit ah, I'm, I'm, where I'm past where I ever wanted to be and, And I could get, I could get happy with where retirement even and know that I've done it.


Yeah. Yeah. Before You answer that, Ricky, just know how great it is to hear how Bateman's brain works. Go ahead. I, I think you, you, you hone it and hone it. You keep folding the samurai. You keep honing it and what you like. And what I like is no interference and only doing things I absolutely love. So I, I wanna do less and less and just more of the thing that I absolutely love. And that, that's come down to, I suppose I, I, if I'm doing sitcom, it's just doing the Know Yeah. No compromise. What with no compromise. Yeah. And standup is already there. Really, there's already no stand compromise with standup.


But I, I think standup is like, just about the purest art form outside the novel where what you think is what you can say and it's what they hear. Mm. And that, that's pure. 'cause even with someone like afterlife, you know, I get final edit. I, I do it all, but there's still 60 people involved. You still have to go, they have to give it to someone and they still have to go. We put out on this day, you still, whereas standup, I say, I wanna do this venue on this day, sell the tickets. The tickets are tar. I go up, I'm doing this, this is it. Goodnight. And I did. And it's every single step of the way is absolutely as I wanted it. So it's more and more, how do I get to that? And I've always known that the most important thing is being sort of happy.


Really. I've, I've always tried to cut out the middle man. Just wanted to be, I, I'll show you a, a story that sums it up. I think we're must have been like 1971. I was like 10 in school. And there was a big, there was a big thing in the early seventies where a lot of unskilled or semi-skilled workers were getting money to go on oil rigs. So you had carpenters that they were suddenly going to oil rigs. And where they were earning like 50 quid a week, they were earning like, you know, 500 quid a day on these oil rigs. And it was a big thing. It was a big thing in the paper. And I remember the teacher doing a thing to the class saying, okay, kids, what would you do with the money if you could earn 500 pounds a day?


And it went round and the kids were saying, I'd buy my mom a house, I'd buy a car, I'd buy a horse. And it came to me And I said, I'd work one day a week. And I remember just thinking, I was thinking I, that, that would be amazing. 'cause I, I could have the other six days. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm with you man. I, I, I, I really admire, first of all, I'm, you know, you know, I'm a huge fan of your standup And I think it's So, I watch it in awe. 'cause I think it's so scary to, you know, I've never done it. It just seems like, like the scariest, it's like you say, it is so raw. It's just you Yeah. And your relationship with the audience and everything that's coming out. And man, But it's, but it's, it's not, it, it's not scary.


It's, it's, it's the thing that you do it. I think, I think driving a car is scary 'cause I, 'cause I can't do it. But when you realize that you, you've got that safety net for the first, you go out there and you try stuff out, and if it's not working, you don't, you don't put the tickets on sale. Mm. I've done 50 gigs before. I sell out a real gig And I know what it's gonna be like. It's gonna be the same as the, you know, I mean the scary thing is, you know, recently the scary thing is, you know, this cancel thing being canceled if you say the wrong thing and suddenly, you know, Netflix can take you off their platform or, you know, so that, that's the scary thing. But How do you vet that then? How do you really go through your stuff and who's gonna be the arbiter Of what? Well, you Can't, you can't because you don't know.


You could be the most woke politically correct standup in the world at the moment. But you don't know what it's gonna be like in 10 years time. You, you can get canceled for things you said 10 years ago. Right. 'cause you don't know what it's gonna be like in 10 years time. And It also seems like the people that try to you specifically, 'cause I remember the, the, the Golden Globes were all, all of them. They're so fucking funny but incredible. You were so, so great. But I remember the same people, it seems that try to cancel, you are also, your fans are also the people that hire you and also the people that still wanna work with you. Well, the, the thing is about this, I think that the misunderstanding about counterculture is, you know, some people think that you should be able to say anything you want without consequences. And that's not true.


Because we're members of society and people are allowed to criticize you. They're allowed to not buy your things. They're allowed to burn your DVDs and they're allowed to turn the tele off. What they're not allowed to do is to bully other people into not going to see you. Or there's some people that are, that are, that are doctors who are great doctors. They're getting fired from a hospital because of a bad joke they made on Twitter. And I go, well, that, that's not relevant to what they do. Right? Right. So I don't think, I don't think you what's being canceled? It's having no platform, isn't it? And what can they do to me? Because I've got, I've got this now who's gonna cancel me, Twitter, YouTube, if I have to, I'll go to, to Hyde Park and stand up on a bench and shout shit.


So I got in a lot of shit. They almost canceled me because, because I've, I I I killed a hobo And I thought, that's nothing to do with my job. No. That's something that I did on a weekend. Well, That's the other thing as well. You, if you don't break the law, yeah. People just cannot or not buy your material. Whereas some people get canceled because they've, they've actually broken the law. I talk about this as my new standup about, you know, you know, what, what it, what is being canceled? And I suppose that's a scary thing. 'cause it's a real consequence. Right. No one looks at the argument anymore. They look at who's saying it and they make their decision. There's no nuance. And some of it's down to politics. Some of it's down to social media.


'cause it's too fast. It's way too fast. As I say, 20 years ago, if you were offended by someone on television, you've got a pen and paper. You went dear BBC oh fuck, I can't be bothered right now. You fire off a tweet and that tweet goes on the fucking news. 'cause someone else argued with it. Right. So it's, it's this road rage. It's things happening too fast that you can't take back. Yeah. And people dig in and people wanna be heard. People wanna feel that they had an effect. It's why people, heck look comedian, they want to feel they were there. I was here. And so now people are heard. And the microphone is the same volume. Everybody has Exactly. Equal access to it. Yes. An idiot stands next to a genius on Twitter. And it looks the same, it's the same fun.


And Exactly. Yeah. And that's What's so dangerous. And the genius has earned it and the idiot has it. And yet people don't, they don't make that distinction at, at all anymore. Well, Exactly. And it comes back to what we said at the beginning, just 'cause you're offended, it doesn't mean you're right. And in recent years, we've had this thing where people would say, my opinion is worth as much as the next person's. And that's true. But recently we had, my opinion is worth as much as your fact. And that's certainly not true. Now, people are offended by facts. People now know that when I do Happy Birthday Earth, 4.6 billion years old, I'm having a go fundamentalist. And they know, they go, why are they, I love that. 'cause they take facts personally.


People take facts personally. I could talk to you about all that stuff for like nine hours straight. Right. I I I love that. I loved everything. Oh man, I bet he's looking forward to that. Listen. And I mean straight, no interruptions, no sleep. Ricky, What was that joke that you talked about? You said that sort of, that idea of, of people being offended or on online or on social media was the equivalent of running down to the town square and Oh, When people that Yeah. I I I, I do it in humanity. When this, that woman's arguing with me getting offended by a tweet. Like I was tweeting them, like I'm just tweeting. I don't know who's following me. That's like going into a town square and seeing a, a a a message says guitar lessons.


And you go, I don't fucking want guitar lessons. And so people, it wasn't to you, people jump in the way of a bullet and say, why are you shouting at me? I love that. And, but, and people have done that on purpose. They've tried to give ideas of human rights. That's why. So, so if you criticize Christianity, people say, why, why are you criticizing Christians? And I go, I'm not, I I'm criticize the ideal. I'm, I'm, you know, I'm discussing an idea. It's like me getting offended where someone hates maths and it's not mine. Maths isn't mine. It's a, it's a concept. It's an idea. So, but anyway, this is for our, our I love that.


This is for our nine hour podcast. Yeah. I love, Man, that's gonna be a real hit. Yeah. I tell you what part, Part two through 12. When are you coming to Los Angeles? Or when, when Can will always gets to see you. Always gets to hang out. Well, I wanna, And I won't bring Sean. I See, I do, I do actually see four people when I'm in la Don't I? Yeah. Well I can be small. Have a four and a half Will and Will and Mitch, we always invite you, but you are always, you are always having a body wax or something. Yeah. You hurry out here please. Or I'll come see you there. Don't make like you don't know me when I call You. Yeah. Never. You'll never come to England. I want to call, what'd you call it? Leafy? Where do you live? Will's been here. Will, will calls me up and goes, I'm in, I'm around the corner.


I go, what? He calls me up. I know it's true. He's, he's here all the time. Back and forth between Samitz and Yeah. Hopping off yachts and shit. I Never go to Samitz. Only Gusta. So listen, I'm not, I didn't even say it right. No you Didn't. Well, listen. Yeah, I do. I do miss I do miss hanging out And I do miss going over there. I I love spending time in the, in the UK And I love spending time with you. Alright. Goodbye. We love you. Goodbye Ricky. We Love you Ricky. Thank you so much man. Guys. But, and, and remember, will you tell the other guys if anyone asks, is he in the SAS No, he's just a comedian. Yeah, right. Okay. Of course. Got it, got it. Okay. Wait. Play us off real quick with something with that.


Grab that guitar. Play us off with something. Just a quick, just a quick little, just a single chord. Oh, we didn't have to twist this. Here we go. Here we go. Pretty girl on the hood of the Cadillac. Yeah. She's broken down on Freeway nine. I take a look and get her engine started. Leave a puring and a roll on by. Bye-bye free love on the free love freeway. Love is free. The freeway's long. I got some hot love on the hot love highway going home. 'cause my baby's gone. She's gone.


Ricky Gervais, everybody. Wow. That Was Awesome. Incredible. Ricky Gervais. Thank you Ricky. You're beautiful mate. Ricky, You're gorgeous. Hey, listen, it's getting late. You're gonna have to get those, those prop awards back to the prop house. Okay buddy. Oh, Look at that. IPA dead. Love you Ricky. Bye. Bye Kyle. Thanks buddy. Bye bye Paul. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye bye. Great fun. Oh, Oh, what a man. How great Was that? Well, I love that you guys knew him. I I've never met him. I'm Such a Yeah, no, And I was serious about the, the influence He, he had over huge me over the show. Over. I just, I think he's it.


Have you guys ever seen him debate religion with Stephen Colbert? No, I Would. I Mean, I, I've seen him debate religion with lots of people. He does it online. He does it in person. Yeah. It's really interesting. Wait, Does Colbert? Colbert is Catholic. And, and Ricky saying He's an atheist. Yeah. Really? Yeah, it's really fascinating. He's incredible. Anyway, I'm a huge fan of his. I think he is. Has a brilliant mind. He's an incredible guy. He's so, so funny. And he's such a sweet, which is funny 'cause like Jason, you were saying, you know, some of his characters, he can be very confident, even though he can be self EVAs, he can also be very confident. But he and he is confident. He's just a smart guy. He is a very level-headed and sweet, sweet guy and super smart.


Which is why it was good to have him on our show because he was able to help us. Yeah. I love that thing at the beginning when he is like, wow, I, you guys just idiots. Yeah. It's called SmartLess. We go ahead and give you a big hint right at the top. Yeah. I Mean we, the, the, the bar is low and, and it's, and is and it's advertised. You know, it's Like, I wanna meet Jane, I want hang out. Oh, I have met Jane. And you not met Jane. And I want, I've met her, but I, I want to hang out with her. I, I, I'm fascinated to see what, well, we will Include you guys. I, I'll include you in the dinner. Yes, please. I Would love that. Love these times. Yeah. Yeah. The one thing he didn't say though, as he was signing off was Smart art, less.