
It is time to ditch the layers, folks. The sun is out, stock up on everything. Summer at Macy's. The summer style sale runs June 19th through the 22nd with 20 to 65% off. Then from June 25th to July 7th, the great sandal sale is on Buy one pair, get 40% off, or buy two or more pairs and get 50% off. Macy's has your favorite brands like French Connection and Kenneth Cole Shop, Steve Madden platform, sandals, maxi, and bubble dresses and statement pieces. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool air streams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the Stay.


Sabre, every drop of summer with handcrafted beverages from Starbucks. Big news, the unofficial drink of the summer is back. Yep. The fan favorite summer berry refresher is now here for a limited time. It's light, bright and like a berry powerhouse bursting with summer flavor. And those raspberry pearls at the bottom of the drink. They're pearl craving something new. Try the iced horchata oat milk shaken espresso. Inspired by Mexican horchata, blonde espresso is shaken to perfection with notes of cinnamon and vanilla, then topped with oat milk. Trust me, you'll love the taste Creamy, yet refreshing. Keep summer going forever with a strawberry acai lemonade refresher. The strawberry passion fruit and acai flavors are balanced with a zing of a lemonade and those freeze dried strawberry pieces. Mm, so tasty. So I love this. I had the summer berry refresher delivered to my house from Starbucks. I drank it in like one gulp. It was so delicious. And it's blue. And those little like pearls at the bottom, the little raspberry. Oh my God. It was just so refreshing. I loved it. I'm gonna drink it all the time anyway. However, your summer, your summer favorites are ready at Starbucks.


Alright, so guys, this is the start and we need a good, solid cold open. Anybody have any interesting or funny, something to say? Get our, I get our listener excited to, Or surprise them, like, yeah. Well, it was surprising that it rained a lot yesterday. No, will anything? Can You help? No, we're still gonna be digging ourselves out of a rain yesterday hole that Sean put us in. But anyway, welcome to SmartLess. Yeah, Smart, smart. Less, smart, less.


Oh, hi. Oh, hi. It's oj. I, I'm wearing a hat that says, oh, hi. It was in, I was, I told you guys last time I was in Ohio yesterday. I just got back last night for Kevin's birthday. My friend Kevin's birthday. Oh, man, what a story. You were in Ohio. Oh, Do you like it there? For whose birthday? Kevin Harts. Kevin. Kevin Newt. I, it's a friend of a, he doesn't Pay attention. He doesn't remember. You mentioned Kevin and Kerry a million times. He has still no idea who they are. That's right. You've met them. Well, why would I know who they are? Because you sat and talked with Kevin for a few hours. You talked to him for a few hours, but he's not working at Netflix show. But do you know how many, how many people you guys have sat and talked to for hours that you have no idea who they are?


You can't remember them. JB I remember there used to be somebody years ago. I won't say the gender, but there were, 'cause I don't wanna give it away, but there was somebody who you kept introducing yourself to over years. And finally they got mad at you and you were like, Hey, f you. Really? You think I fucking remember it? Do you remember that? No. And eventually you're like, I don't fucking know you. Well, I can't, I mean, I'm certainly not unique to being, you know, bad at remembering names. No, no, no, No. You're not unique. No, no, no. The same. But same. Right? Yeah. Well, you're great at dates, you're incredible at dates. Yeah. I'm, I'm good at dates, but then the names and stuff, no, I, I, yeah. Dates is weird. It's, I don't know what that is.


And also, you know, and I have particular trouble, like, you know, guys don't typically change their look often. Right. Present company excluded. Right, right. But So I, it's not difficult for me to remember a dude's face over the course of a few years. Yeah. I've Had like two hairdos my whole life. Right. But, you know, women get to change the color of their hair all the time, and the cut of their hair and Yeah. Yeah. They accessorize You, you put a few hair don'ts too. I mean, let's be honest. Oh yeah. They're, they're all online to enjoy It is the, one of the worst things I ever did was we, we, years and years and years ago, we remodeled our house and I walk out the front door and there's this girl running, I may have said this already.


There's this girl running down the sidewalk right towards me jogging. And she goes, Hey, Sean. And I'm like, Hey. And she goes, you finished meaning to the house. And we're like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. How would, how did they even know I was remodeling? And she goes, I'd love to see it sometime. And I'm like, wait a minute. What? What? This just girl jogging randomly. And I'm like, do I know you? And she goes, it's Julia, your neighbor for the past 20 years. How bad did you feel? And I said, I said, Jay, I go, the worst thing you could ever come back with, I said, which was, did you change your hair? It was just terrible.


It was horrible. Last week, I, when I was in New York and I was riding a bike through the village, and I'm riding along, this girl goes, will, Are you shooting additional photography for flight? No. And I, I go and I'm riding f you, bro. And I'm riding my bike through the village, and the screw goes, will I look over? And she goes, Hey. And So I turn over, I like, I steer the bike over to her and I go, Hey, what's going on? I'm like, who? And then she goes, I get right up closer. And she goes, you don't know me. And I go, Love, love the show. Yeah. And So I go, okay, see you later. So then I go by it, right? So then I go and I, and it's a city bike, and I park it in the thing. And I'm walking down a block later, I'm walking by and there's this girl and guy sitting outside this place, and she wearing a baseball cap.


She looks up at me and she goes kind of waves like, hi. And I go, Hey. And I keep going. I get home, there's a text and it's this friend of mine, Emily. And she goes, did you not know that was me? So I thought I recognized the person who was a stranger. I know. And the person I knew I blew off. So is it just Yeah, The worst? It's face blindness. It's face blindness. I swear I have it. Or, or are we just rude dicks? Or are we just getting old and we're losing our minds? I, I think I've always been Like that. I think it's all of it. Yeah. I think It's all of it too. It's a little wicked combination of all of it. Yeah. But I, I, I, I, I'm terrible. I I Yo you're the worst at at what, what's the subject? Yeah. Can we fill in the blank?


Yeah. Can We, Let me go first. Can I go blanket on that? You're just the Worst. I kind of think everybody looks the same. I swear. I think I have a little bit of like, face blindness. I really do. No, But that's a real thing. I know one person that, that, that's like that, Right? I think, I think we're talking, we Know the same person. Yeah. We know the same person. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and I said to this, yeah, I'm blanking on their face. That, that that vow Wonderful. Will, okay, listen, Listen, listen. But I, wait, wait. But I asked that guy really quick. I asked that guy. I was like, so if I walk out of the room and come back, 'cause he, he has like, di been diagnosed with space blind. Yeah. I go, if I walk outta the room and come back in, you won't know it's me. He's like, no. I'm like, really? And this guy's making mul six figures a year.


I know. By the way, again, not to go too far. There is a documentary that came out in the eighties about this guy in England who had a memory of seven seconds. And so It's Poor fellow. It's, he got, he got, he, he had an injury, head injury. And it's crazy. And his wife would like, she, he eventually lived on his own, had to be taken care of. But she would go outta the room. He'd come in, she'd come in, she'd go, he'd go, hi. Oh my God. He'd hugger, hug hugger. She'd go to make a cup of tea. She'd comes back and go, hello. Oh, the most annoying man to ever live with. She was the only person that he remembered. So it's, it's on YouTube. It's fucking crazy. Can you imagine having face blindness and the seven second memory? Dude, Dude, it's The craziest, craziest thing ever.


Anyway, that's such a, that a great character. Alright, speaking about crazy, we have a crazy talented guest on the, on the show today. I've been looking forward to having this guest for so long. He, this person is, he's a, a true, he's a visionary. He, he's, he's done everything and music and film. He is ventured into horror. Corey, he's produced solo albums. He's made a mark in, in film and tv. He scored a lot of great films. He scored Ghost Dog, Danny The Samura. He scored the Both Kill Bill movies. He starred last year in a award-winning comedy P Mista. He's just wrapped his own film. One Spoon of Chocolate. He's published, he's a published author. He, he released a, a classical album last year, A Ballet through the Mud, which is unbelievable.


Guys, I didn't hear that. He's a titan of, of everything. Not just Guy. He's a founding member of the Wu-Tang Clan not only shaped the genre with their groundbreaking debut album, Enter the Wu-Tang, but he's also crafted a sound that's, you know, booming beats and chilling samples and influenced countless musicians. It's the one and only Rizza you guys. Oh, wow. Whoa. Yeah. Whoa. I guess I can take off my camera here. There is, There's, oh boy, John Hellman's gonna be thrilled. Wow. This is so cool. Hello. Good morning. Good Morning, good afternoon. I'm actually in, on the East Coast, so it's Good afternoon. Happy Lunch. Oh yeah, Good afternoon. Oh, man. Thank you for joining us today. What an absolute thrill to have you on the show today, man.


Oh, my pleasure. And I will start off by saying I have a great memory. I, We're in the same age. Exactly. I can will you, will you remember for me right now, what, what it was like to score both kill bills? I mean, that's like, was that, was that the o was it, was that the only film that you, the films that you've scored? No. Did you do that was No, I went on to score maybe a dozen after that and some TV shows, et cetera. Do you love that? Yeah. Scoring is Incredible. Scoring is the ultimate, the ult one of the ultimate expressions of art. Right. You, you trying to tell a story and compliment a story with your music. Yes, I love it. Yeah. But I, but they, but sometimes the cues have to only like, be 10, 20, 30 seconds.


Or like, do you, do you feel like you're like boxed in with that? Nah, I think to be quite frank, it is. You know, you may have a cue that's just a assembled, that's the cue, right? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. But you may have one that's like a, you know, that's a whole Nutcracker. Sweet. You know what I mean? A Whole big sequence. So, I mean, that's the beauty of music. You think about, I mean, one of our great composers, John Williams, he was, and it's just a few notes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's so awesome. Was So, was was Ghost Dog. Wait, the Sam Ray, was that your first one that you did? Yeah, so Jim Jamus brought me in to score that film.


I never scored a film before. I was pretty, I didn't know what it was, to be honest with you. I still, I didn't know the, when you make a movie, you gotta edit, you gotta do all these things, right? And Jim used to want the music and he'd be like, you know, come to the editing room, which is a, basically the editing is a nine to five job. Maybe a nine to eight. Yeah. Yeah. I'd be coming like midnight, you know what I mean? Yeah. Everybody be gone. But at, at those days, we had the music on the dat. So I would just have it on the dat player, pull up to the place and, and give him the DATs. And he'd be like, like, like, you know, it's midnight. I'm, well, you know, here, here it is. The And why is that?


Why, why is it historically, you know, music studio sessions late, late in the night? What is that? I don't understand. Be Yeah. Musicians. S Yeah. Yeah. You guys have like a different clock. Yeah. Yeah. We had, we, we, yeah. I mean, my musician clock was ridiculous. I mean, it was embarrassing to be quite frank. I remember as I'm scoring movies, I started sampling some music from one of John W's movie or The Killer, which was one of my favorite, the Killer Hard Boil. Great. Yeah. Great movies, Great titles about a great director, John w Yeah. And, and we, we became friends and he came to New York and he's like, you know, I want to have, let's have dinner. And I said, cool, let's have dinner. I said, all right. You know, meet you at the restaurant, you know, six 30 in Manhattan.


And at the time I was in the studio that was like an hour away, and I just got caught up in the studio, and then it's like nine o'clock. They're like, wait, you supposed to be at dinner with John? I'm like, Okay. Yeah. You kind of get sucked into it. And it's like this, like you, it, yeah. My husband Scotty, he, he also poses scores and stuff for stuff. And he'll be back there in like eight hours fly by. You don't even know if, you know, You don't even know it. But John was such a gentleman showing that I got there around 11 and he, he held the restaurant open and no way he sat down and had a great meal. Oh, that's amazing. And he gave me some wisdom about Timem. Well, it's, I I was gonna say some wisdom about time. I like that. About time, which is so funny.


'cause all, all music is in time is all time. And we're all, and Exactly. We're all late. So, So it's funny, you know, reason when I, when I think about it, 'cause I was, I was asking about the first film that you scored, which was, which was Ghost Dog. And I was gonna say, how did you get into it? But it makes sense. 'cause you mentioned like John W's films being a huge influence. I mean, there is a cinematic influence in the Wu-Tang music, right? I mean, that's part of your origin story. Can you talk a little bit about that? Yeah. I mean, my, my, my aspirations at the time of making music was trying to make a movie, trying to make my album play like a movie. Oh, wow. You know, in New York, a lot of us kind of would drive to like DC to the Howard Homecoming and or to Morgan State College, you know what I mean?


Or go up to Connecticut, it was like, that's the weekend thing to do. Right. That's where the chicks are at. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and my, my idea was to make people who are driving that journey to listen to my music and to get a movie in their head and pick up some game, pick up some slang, pick up some visions. So I was always trying to make movies. And in my first five albums, if you listen to them, you know, they always start with the a beginning. There's a theme. Like there's an album we did called Cuban Lynx, which is really a mafia movie. It starts off with three guys, one for you, one for me, one guy's cheating them. Right? He's like, you know, the old thing, one for you, one for me, two for you.


Yeah, yeah. One, two for me, three for you. Right, right, right, right. And, and it goes on. And, and the way the album plays out, it's like, these guys are going to pull a heist. Somebody's gonna die. Like once upon a time in America, the other two guys gonna go grab the rest of the crew, the Woo Gambinos, bring them back, and then pull a bigger heist for 2 million and everybody gonna ride off into the sunset. And that album was so influential that hip hop began to change their names. Like every, like we was the first ones to change their names, like the, from Wu-Tang to the w Gambinos. And every artist started following that trend. Wow. Wow. Wow. That's yeah. That's amazing. That's so cool. I mean, so you guys, So I mentioned in the, in the intro that in 93 you guys released, entered the Wu-Tang, and that kind of changed, that kind of changed the game.


Certainly. It must have changed your life in a big way. It was, you had already been making music for years, right? With those guys. Yeah. But that, but that was the first big release that went kind of crazy. Must have What, what was that experience like? Yeah, It was, I tried to Enter the industry before just as a solo artist. Prince Wakim, you know, sold about 10,000 records, got a couple of, you know, couple of shows and couple of groupies. Right. That was at that age 19 years old that that's all you need. Bad start, but Yeah. Right. No, Right. Couldn't pay my rent though. So, but I went back to my crew and I was just like, you know, we have this thing that in the neighborhood called the Wu Tang slang, and we was all big kung fu movie lovers.


And I just called an inspiration that, that we should take what's our childhood love? Take the concept of Asian cinema from Hong Kong or from Japan. And since our lyrics are, you know, from your mouth and, and your mouth is like a sword, right? It says that in the book of Revelations, it says, out of the mouth comes the double edged sword. So I was like, if, if we take out tongue and naked, our sword, and the best sword style I've ever filmed was the Wu-Tang style, and we become the Wu-Tang clan. We could go into the industry and chop everybody heads off. You know, my brother was like, sounds good to me. Yeah.


Well that was, that, that was my, that was my, my question. 'cause I'm, I'm a, I'm, I'm a dumb, a dumb, soft white guy from Los Angeles. And I, IIII not know about soft. Well, you know, I'm, I'm not, I know That's very true. That's a really odd description of you. Listen, I'm not, I'm not, as the kids say, I'm not down, I'm not Yeah, yeah. Hip to it all. And So I am, I'm not clear on a Asian cinema on, on kung fu on on the genesis of the title of the band and stuff. So I was, I was gonna ask you about that. How, how, so how did your love of Kung fu and, and Asian films and how does that, how does that start? Because you wouldn't necessarily put hip hop with Asian cinema in the, in the same group.


Right, right, right. Typically, I mean, you kind of have to if you think about it, right? Yeah. If you go back into hip hop, according to hip hop history, it says it started in 1973 in that summer. But in that same summer, Bruce Lee Enter the Dragon Hits 42nd Street. Yeah. And that same summer, Fred Williamson, black Caesar hits. Okay. And also the Godfather is in the theaters, mean streets. Right. Right. So the move, the center, the art of the cinema is still cohesive with the art of the music. There's actually a, a, a threat because most of us are in those theaters.


Wow. And then when we go back to our neighborhoods, the things that we are gaining from cinema is finding its way into our art. Right. If you look at some of the early break dance moves, wow. You'll see that some of those moves were seen in a, in a martial art film, and then of course took to another level. Yeah. That's, That's amazing. I didn't even think of that. That's so true. Of course You didn't think Of it, but you're dumb. You think about a Lot. Fuck, you know, dude, you don't know anything. Just listen to rhythm and learn. Okay. That is true. Break dancing is, yeah. You could, you could, you could duck a lot of, a lot of, a lot of kick a lot of punches Yeah. Kicks down there on the floor. So then, so then, so, so that makes sense.


And so then you guys do, you, you produce and you form Wu-Tang and you, and you release some records and just a huge, like, massively influential. But also what's interesting to me is, and, and tell these guys and educate all of us a little bit about not only were you guys doing Wu-Tang, but then as you're doing, I mean you're doing all sorts of solo projects under a bunch of different names. Right. And you men mentioned Prince Rick Cambridge was your, that you released before, but also some stuff after Right. As well. And also, and, but also other guys from Wu-Tang, you produce their stuff. Like, oftentimes people leave a band and go and do something on their own, on their own, on their own. Yeah. But you were still producing everybody's music. Is that true? Yeah. I was with, so since the martial art world, or the Shalin philosophy was so embedded in us, we took it and applied it to our lives.


So, for instance, Staten Island, my hometown, when you renamed it Shalin, you know what I mean? That's why you see Pete Davidson has a shalin tattoo. Of course. It's Oh wow. I didn't, wow. He's from Staten Island, but we renamed it Shalin. So Shalin is considered the temple of the, well they will say, from which all martial art springs from, it's the strongest philosophy place that even before Zen made it to Japan, it was developed in Shalin. And so in Shalin, they had the monks, but the lead up, the lead of the monks was called the Abbot. And so my Wu-Tang Brothers called me the Abbot, you know what I mean?


So now it's so as the Abbot, it's my job to make the best decisions, the best direction of which way we go. And as the producer, I went on to producer, of course, the first album, 36 Chambers, it went platinum. So going platinum of course is a, is a bongbong. Right. So, so we, so then after that, of course, I became a sort after producer. But what I did was keep my energy contained within my crew. So I went on to produce method, man, first album, double Platinum Rayquan Platinum Old Dirty Bastard Platinum. JA platinum gold Space Platinum. So east. That's unbelievable. Yeah. So I might have did about seven platinum albums back to back. I don't think too many people probably did that.


And so that's a blessing. But it was, it was, it was, it was us. It was a contained energy. You know what I mean? Yeah. I remember talking to Seth Rogan when they had their, when they had their breakout, he, you know, he made a joke. 'cause he, him and his crew who were listeners of the Wu-Tang clan, they called themselves the Jew Tang clan. He said, And he said, He said they all lived together. And him and Evan and everybody, funny, they actually looked, took that concept and did the same thing and continue hit after hit. Yeah. And I think that's the, that's a great thing for any group of artists, is if you could combine that art together and then direct it as a brand, you could, you will increase your fan base of course, but also give each one of you a chance to go through the same tunnel.


That is so cool. I love that. There's a sort of like this, sort of like a, you, you, you harness the power of the collective a little bit, and you don't let it dissipate. You kind of keep it, and, and you all kind of move and, and then all, all boats rise. Right. You know what I mean? And what would we call our little clan here? Like the chin, chin clan? Yeah. I don't know. Chin by the way, you mentioned I really like chin Chin. Yeah. Well, chin, chin went outta business. Did you see that? Well, No. They just shut down the sunset. They just shut Down The one in sunset. They did, they shut down. The one in Beverly Hills. Sorry, Sean, Get through the interview and Oh my God. Get Your sodium somewhere else. Don't worry about it, man. And we will be right back.


You know, those aha moments that change how you see the world? Like, you realize that's not a high five emoji. That's a prairie emoji. You learn the secret to making grilled cheese, which is this, you have to butter all the way to the edge of the bread. You can't just butter the middle. You gotta butter the outside trying breathe. Right. Nasal strips is that kind of aha. They opened your nose for relief. You could feel right away. It's a win for nasal congestion. Anywhere, anytime on a jog, walking the dog on the airplane to Prague eye mask on sleeping like a log, dreaming of a frog, drinking some eggnog, driving through the S smog, whatever point is, breathe right. Is that awesome? Find it on Amazon and see for yourself, use as directed.


So I'm in New York right now, and every single time I'm in New York, that means I'm gonna be walking a lot. And I mean a lot outside. So when I leave my apartment, I have to make sure I have a backpack or something on me with something that's gonna hydrate me. And that's where Liquid IV comes in. No day bag is complete without Liquid iv. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone, providing three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. It's powered by Liquid IV hydroscience and optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. Drink one before a workout. When you're feeling run down after a long night out, or whenever you need a little extra hydration throughout the day. Like I said, I put Liquid IV in a water bottle. I fill the water and I go out the door here in New York because I know I'm gonna be out long. I need to drink something that's gonna hydrate me and it's perfectly convenient. Ready up for a long day with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com. And use Code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with Code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. So you talk about Shalin. I didn't know any of that. That is such a cool concept, dude. I, I'm, I'm so blown away by it. I'm like riveted. And, and you guys recorded your seventh album was Once Upon a Time In Shall Land, right? And you made one copy. Yeah. Do you guys know about this story? Sean and Jason? Do you know about this? No, no, no, no, no. Can you, can you tell these guys a little bit about it? 'cause it's one of the coolest stories in art history. Forget music. Oh, wait, yeah. Yeah. And then that, and then that. It's so bad with a controversial purchase of it, correct. Yeah. I don't know this, I Know this. Yes. A very controversial Purchase. Please, please tell me, will you tell these guys what happened, what that album Was About, and why you did it all?


Okay. First, you know, once streaming took over music, you know, music went from being worth 2 cent, a record spin on your radio to being worth 0, 0, 0, 0 0.4. Okay. Sure. And so, so it was, it was wholly devalued and a lot of artists were suffering because of that devaluation at this time. And for me, Napster. Pardon? Napster. Yeah. Napster. If you think about Napster, that was the foundation of taking bark Out moments of knowledge. You're like my grandmother in the other room. Nap. Nap. Wait, I know that. Well, anyway, that the first one. Yeah. After everything I devalued, we tried to figure out a way to bring value back to music.


And the idea was music is art, and it should be treated as such. And it's, it is, it's not something that, it's not just a privilege. Right. Because the creation of it is such a process. Like as for a Wu-Tang album, to make it, you gotta get nine to 20 people together, the engineers. And it's an endeavor like a film. Right. It, it costs a lot of money Right. To make it, and then the goal is to sell it so you could continue to make it again. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. So anyway, it got so devalued that we was like, well, let's make a album that we'll make one single copy, treat it like a's Simon Mona Lisa or an Egyptian scepter, something like that. Ah, very good. That it belonged in the museum.


And the only way that you can now get it, you have to go to it. You have to go see it. This is amazing. Oh, That's cool. And, and we auctioned it. The funny thing is, when we auctioned it, we auctioned it to a guy named Mike s Scarelli. Yeah. Now, Scarelli, at the time when he bought the album, I gotta confess this 'cause I don't talk about this a lot. At the time, I shook his hand, he wasn't known yet. Like I met him. It was a few different, so, you know, billionaires that was gonna buy this album from this Sotheby's pad, weight auction type of thing. And he was probably the, the poorest amongst him. He only worked for about 200 million at the time.


Right. But he was into it. Right. And he told me, he said, I'm gonna buy the last Enigma machine. I'm gonna buy the turning papers, and I'm gonna buy your single album all in one week. And I'm gonna take this and I'm gonna create something that's gonna for him. He's gonna become like a new super villain or something. He didn't say villain though, but he was like, he's going to take these elements and he's gonna create something crazy. And he went and formed this company, the Turning Company, et cetera, et cetera. And I shook hands on him in that same company a few months later before we announced the purchase and everything, because we had a, a scheduled date of closing, shall we call it?


A few months later, this guy shows up on the news as the evilest man in the world. Right. He, he took the price of a, of the Mediterranean that was maybe $15 a pill. Oh, that guy. That guy. Remember that guy? And he and he, and he, and he turned it to 2000, $4,000 a pill. Yeah. Yeah. And, and the saddest thing about it was that this pill was for, for, for our citizens who have HIV. Right. I remember that. Yeah. It was, it was a dire need for this pill for them. And so basically he was, you know, burning down a village that, I mean, you could put it to that analogy that he's burning down villages Right.


By this price gouging. But he had already purchased the album. So now, right. Yeah. So now you're stuck. So now I have to, you know, you know, he sells it. And then I did say this to him though, I said, listen, I saw his name was Martin Screw. I said, listen Martin, you doing a lot the bad things, bro. The Wu-Tang is good. Okay. If I was you, I would take this album and do something good with it, meaning he could give it to the people. It can't be sold because it, we made an 88 year non commercialization law for it. So he can't sell it. Right. He can't likes so cool. Make Mass Producer. I Know, it's so cool. Yeah. That is amazing. But he didn't, he didn't decide to do nothing good.


He went, he doubled down on his, on his darkness, and he got into a big fight with Ghost Face Killer and all the other Wu-Tang brothers. And he, and then he, you know, he took Hilary's hair and whatever. He just, he just went all the way down until he went to jail. Yeah. And then the government seized the album. Good. And they kept it What? And then, so he paid 2 million for the album. So at the time it was the most expensive album in history. Yeah, for sure. But when he went to jail, the government now needed to pay all of his, you know, his liens or default judgments, whatever he had on him. And so the government now gets to auction this album as a personal asset of his. Okay. All Right. And they auction it and someone buys it for $4 million.


Wow. No Way. Okay. Okay. Yeah. What do you know? So who's got it? And where is it? It was A, it was a group of people called The Pleaser Dao. Okay. So they have it now, and they're just, you know, hopefully they will take the advice of showing it to the people, putting it in museums and that. Yeah. Didn't they do an exhibit or something? They took it to somewhere like, like Tasmania or something. Is That true? Yeah. They took her to Tasmania. Yes. And, and exhibited. You're right. Yeah. And people flew in for that. So Has the public been able to hear it So far? Maybe about 600 people have heard it. Dude. God, that's amazing. Like, how do you, how do you, that's an incredible story.


How do you, it's amazing. How do you protect the person who owns it from copying it and kind of, I don't know, it just got leaked or, you know, they, and then they act, you know, in, well, There's a contract, there's a, it's, it's this, this particular album is on a macro level considered the first NFT. Ah, very good. I Understand. So if you understand. Yeah. So that's, so that's the situation with it. And so it's like a, it's a, it's like a smart contract built in. You know what I mean? And This was your idea. I mean, it's such an incredible forward thinking idea. I, it's like I know, I know. I, I, I, it's brilliant. It'll Be me, me and my, and my student Silver Rings. I wanna take all the credit.


It, we, it was a combination of ideas that led to it. So, Yeah. And would you ever do it again? I don't know. What about what about what about what about what radio had didn't Radio Radiohead did something, what was where they made an album and they put it up on the internet for free, basically said, pay whatever you want. And that kind of freedom made me, I I think, I think I ended up paying like 50 bucks for it or something like that. Like, just like, if you tell me I don't have to do anything, then Yeah. They knew They'd, that was the perfect thing. You're the perfect sucker man. Right, Exactly. You know what I mean? That's Why your nickname is, is DJ sucker D bad.


Hey, I mean, God, that is such a, you're right, Sean. Like you said, it's so forward thinking and you've, I mean, you constantly have looked for different ways to express yourself as an artist and kind of do things outside the body. You've acted in, I was looking it up, I mean, I don't know, 50 things, 60 things as an actor. You, you just tell us a little bit about your film that's coming out that you directed. Thank you. First lemme say this to y'all, gentlemen. First of all, Jason, I'm a big fan of yours. Come on. There We go. Your your, your cinema, your timing, your, your, your style. Nice Man. I just love your Style. I watch, I watch, see, see almost everything you do.


And So I just wanna let you know that that's very, you got a fan on the side, this side of the microphone. Thank You pal. And for myself, you know, I, I got a chance to study underneath Quentin Tarantino for about six years. And I caught the direct and bug and understood what it could be. And I did, my first film, of course, in 2011 came out 2012, called The Man With the Iron Fist. And I realized that directing movies is actually the epitome of expression art, because you have to be lyrical in the words, colorful in the production design and costume design.


Music is a part of it. The storytelling element, the the energy of getting other people to portray a idea that's written and to, and, and describe it. It's like the total use of my brain for me. Hmm. And So I became in love with it. And now this is my fourth, my fourth directorial film. It's called One Spoon of Chocolate. Wait. Oh, this is your fourth film? This is my fourth one, yeah. Wow, wow, wow. Yeah. And, and this one probably my boldest one. Pretty bold Yeah. To kind of take a chance like this and it, it, it, it, it took 13 years to get to this point. Like, once I finished Man With the Iron Fest, I want, like, so we know university gave me the money to make the movie.


And there was like, you know, when it came out the first week, I think Hurricane Sandy hit and so to make, so the East Coast was kind of fucked up for me. Yeah. And so, So I didn't hit the numbers we wanted to hit. I think we probably ended up around 30 million total in Box office on a, sorry to talk numbers. That's what wanted to kind No, that's okay. No, no. Yeah. Yeah. We ended up about 30 million total in box office on a movie that cost about 17 million. Right. Pretty good. Not well. Oh, not for Universal. For Universal. Even. I paid the lights that, that day big. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. But I waited till, till it recouped before I went back and sat down with the executive who was in charge of, of gave me the Green light, which is Mr. Adam Ferguson.


And Sure. And I sat down and he said, you okay, you know, you broke, you did, you did cool. Okay. Nobody's over here. You know, we're not jumping up and down, nor we sad. Right. I said, okay, I got it now, I, I'd like to try another one. And he, so he said, okay, well this, let me hear some ideas. And I pitched the ideas and one of 'em was once Spoon of Chocolate. The other ones didn't really gravitate, but he said, that one seems like something you could chase. And then I started writing it and I got writer's block of page 40. And it took almost, you know, this will be 13 years from the day of, of me starting it to it now being a valuable, and it just kept taking time and time and time.


And it didn't fully materialize until two summers ago. I'm, I'm on a tour bus with Nas and we are doing the New York State of Mind. We're traveling across America, and I'm just, and my pen just started flowing. And So I wrote the whole movie. My wife was right beside me, just sitting right there. And I, you know, we got home and I said, okay, I got a movie written and we had a chance to, you know, we had, we had some good economics blessings in our lives. And So I said, well, she was looking at another house, so she likes to get nice houses and shit. That's kind of her thing. And So I said, well, I wrote the movie, you want to get another house or you wanna make a movie?


Yeah. And she said, well, what do you want to do? I said, to be honest, I really wanna make, make a movie. Like with no inter with no interruptions. Like, just go ahead and do it. And she said, okay. She gave me the green light. She's the producer of the film. Wow. So Me and my wife's self financed. Yeah. So, so she's Yeah. Self, self financed from, you know, that's awesome. Leverage some assets and, and we, we did it and we shot in Atlanta, we finished it, and it's gonna premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival Yeah. On June 8th. I'm super excited about it. That's Awesome. And so will you, are you gonna be looking for distribution at that festival? Or is, or already sold it Yeah. Looking for, yeah, it's gonna be like the first time we show it and we looking for distribution, so, you know, I hate to use the word hopefully, but hopefully, Yeah.


What's it about? What was, what was the, what was the pitch you gave to Adam and did it, and did it remain the same once you got past the, the page 40? Or did it, did it morph into something else? You know what, it actually, I guess, without giving a spoiler Yeah. It morphed into 200 pages. Oh wow. Exactly. Yeah. For the Listener, usually a, a movie script is about 110. Yeah. And Morph is about 200 pages, and I think I got about 110 pages that we'll see Yeah. When we look at this thing. Okay, good. Yeah. That's Amazing. And now, kill Bill was famously, what, 200 and something. And so he had to split it up into two parts. Yeah.


Right. Yeah. I actually read the, the the 220 page Kill Bill. Yeah. Which, which like I said, so Reino is my, my professor. I call him the God my godfather of film. Ah, He's incredible, incredible. Love to have you on the show, Quentin, if you're Listening. Yeah. He's in, he's amazing. He gotta come to, he gotta come to us. Yeah. He's gotta, but now I'm always amazed when people like us, meaning in that are artists are in the entertainment business or whatever, that create the stuff like your films and music and everything else, and us TV shows, films, whatever we do. And that at some point in your life, you became aware of the business side of it and what was that point, and who or who was that person where you're like, because when I was on the set of Will and Grace, a TV show I did a long time ago.


Yeah, yeah, sure, sure. Something, Hey, A masterpiece, a masterpiece. We, after it took about five, six seasons for me to kind of look at Funny. Yeah. For me to look, for me to look around. And I was kinda like, wait a minute, I was really young. And I was like, how did this all happen? Because I was just an actor who memorized my lines and showed up and went home. Yeah. And then I was like, wait, how did this come together? Like, whose idea? And then the phone call, then I got really interested, It was really young. I, I, I got interested in, in the business side of how to produce something and make something. So what was that moment for you and or, or was there a person you were like, wait a minute, how did they do that?


And then it kind of snowballed from there. Yeah, I think it was a couple of points for me. You know, first in music, of course, right? As a producer, you know, you could, you could control, let's just say, like I said, making an album. Maybe it's 20 people, right. But when I was composing films, the thing with Kill Bill is that I wasn't, no, I wasn't gonna be the composer. Lemme just be clear. Me and Quentin just used to watch movies together, and he gave me that script. And when I read the Script of Kill Bill, I, it was just a such an amazing script. I just said, yo, anything you may need from me, I'm here. I said, also, I would love to see how you gonna bring this to life.


Right. At the time, we was just buddies, film buddies, and he was like, yeah, sure. You know, if you show up on set, you know, you go be the guy, the eyes and the ears behind me. Wow. And now they were shooting in China, in Beijing, but I showed up. Yeah, yeah. Great. Yeah. And then I'm watching him, I'm watching Rob Robert do the dp, and I'm the guy who's there with no job. Yeah. Right. So I got to study every job. I'm just chilling, hanging, watching, and studying. And I realized that this was, and how old were you then? A normal man. Hell, I'm, this is to kill Bill. I'm 32 at least. Right? 30. Yeah. So I'm a man.


Yeah, yeah. But I mean, and I'm not a kid, meaning, right. But, you know, I was EI was evolved as a, I guess you could say this too, Sean, right? That by you said, after five or six years, right, right. You're not economically thinking about those problems no more. That's that's right. Okay. Love is good in life, most likely. Right, right. And so, and the art is starting to really feel fulfilling, like a different type of fulfillment, almost a calling. Right. And so that's what, that's what's happening to me. My love life is good, my economics is good, and my art is insatiable, though. It wants more, it wants more. And so that's what led me down that path.


And then of course, as a businessman, I think, you know, if you look, go back and look at Wutang, its, you know, from the beginning we was entrepreneurs, you know, from opening up our clothing stores to video games, like all those things was as part of it. And then the last lesson for me, and I'll just share this with the, with your audience, why that you would say, why the heck would you self-finance a film? Which is probably, everybody says, don't do that. That's like in the book, there's a book on that, right? It's the first chapter. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Right. But I got the chance from the year of 2018 to 2023 to be the showrunner of my own TV show.


Right. Which one? It's, it's, it's Wu slang of American Saga on Hulu. Okay. So doing that show, it's just like, okay, the best way to do it is to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Right, right, right, right. The best way to do do it is to do it. And, and so and so, and that's, and I, so I'm in that philosophy because me spending a dollar may take somebody else $10 to spend that dollar because they don't know how to spend a dollar. Right. We'll be right back, gang.


There's something about a beautiful outdoor space. It's so satisfying. Am I right? I'm right. I mean, it's like your little oasis. It's right in your own backyard. But what do you need out there? You need a little something to sit on, because while the grass is great, a nice little chair is even better. Or an outdoor sofa or loveseat, or a little chaise lounge. You get your tan on. Now Wayfair is a place that can set you up perfectly for this. Wayfair's got everything you need to level up your outdoor space. Patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, fire pits, gazebos, and of course string lights. Everybody needs a string light. It's easy to have a one stop shop where you can make over your entire space all with everyday value. That means you can have the resort feel without the resort price tag. Like for me, I'm a sucker for an Adirondack chair, you know, and they got me covered. You know, they can check that box for me. Don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


There's a lot to navigate in life. And your ride should be able to match your speed. Meet the BMWX three, powerful, practical, and refined. It's the SUV that was built to keep up the pace, no matter what the day brings. And it really embraces contradictions, turning heads with its exterior design while on the inside, giving you all the space you need to take on whatever comes next. It's packed with innovative tech like BMW's, digital Key Plus, and the intelligent personal assistant, which makes every drive smarter, smoother, and more connected than ever. And no matter the road, the X three adapts in real time. So you can take on mountains, back roads, or even leave the beaten path behind, whether you're navigating parts unknown or just weaving through rush hour. Its sporty handling makes every drive feel like an adventure. So from the daily grind to going off the grid and everything in between, you can do it all in the BM BMW X three. Check out b bmw USA dot com to learn more.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. Now I'm a man, I have mental health. Or sometimes what would be the opposite of health mental illness type. No, I've, I, I, well listen, we all kind of fluctuate between feeling good, feeling weird, feeling bad, feeling up, feeling down. It's, it's a, it's a, a, it's a, it's a constant changing thing. You know why? 'cause we're not robots. All right. So there's a stigma that comes around asking for help or seeking help, getting help, accepting help, all that. That's all a bunch of garbage. That's old. We are current, we are new, we are modern men, and we need help just like everyone else. So reaching out to BetterHelp is a great way to do it. You're just, you're there on your phone anyway. Men today face immense pressure to keep it all together, but bottling things up can lead to depression or unhealthy habits. So it's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying, so you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man, you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform having served over 5 million people globally. It's convenient too. Like you can join a session with a therapist at the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess. And back to the show, you know, people, people who are, who are as accomplished as you in as many, in as many different skill sets.


It, it takes, it takes an enormous amount of not only ambition, but, but concentration and focus and discipline. Where, what, what would you say to the listeners who are, you know, trying to get their feet under themselves and really find that gear that it's gonna take to hit the passing lane and get past the folks that they're competing with? What is, what does that special sauce from you, for you and, and, and, and from whom did you learn it from? Or, or, or what happened that that gave you that, that spark that, that you tap into that has, you know, fueled so much incredible accomplished work?


I will show anybody. The first thing is mastery of something. Mm. Okay. If you master one thing and you mastered it, then you'll understand the relation of all things. Okay. Right. That makes sense. And for me, you know, of course the first thing is gonna be my lyrics writing. I've been writing lyrics since the age of nine. So by the time, and you know, I'm the guy that finishes schoolwork first, So I can write another lyric. So mastery of your passion, I guess, would, would to go together, master your passion. That's great. And if you master your passion, I think that when it's time for other disciplines to come amongst you, you're gonna have a foundation. 'cause you'll be able to apply it.


And I think we all can agree us here, all, all of us artists right here, that we could say that it is, the artist has, I use this word, artistry is a wavelength, right? It's like, if you got a, so let's take a trumpet, right? And it's called a trumpet. The artist, whatever plays through that trumpet though, it could be jazz, soul, rock, pop, doesn't matter. It's going to come through that trumpet to turn it into music. But when the artist knows the wavelength, he knows what to pass through his, his vessel. You know what I mean? Can we, okay. You Can you see that? Geez, man. I know. That's, that's really cool.


I know it's, yeah. That's kind of amazing. Yeah. That's really cool. What if it's a piano? Just kidding. Sean's an accomplished pianist. I don't know if you knew that. Yes, he is. Oh, he really is. Who Cares? My favorite instrument, Sean. Okay, there you go. Yeah. Well, we'll jam. How, How many, how many, how many can you play? How many different instruments? Yeah. I mean, I play, you know, I, I'm not gonna know. I'm a producer, so producers a lot technology, but no, I play guitar, drums, of course the guitar is bass's. No problem. I could blow some notes on, on, on my, on my trumpet. And I spent a lot of time on the piano too. But I'm very shy on a piano, meaning mostly my wife gets to hear me.


Yeah. You know, I gotta be nice to play in front of an audience. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sean's Very coy on a piano. He's very coy. You know, it's funny, you, you do, you mentioned like different instruments that you've done so many different and you've done a lot of colabs and different genres. I remember you did that. I love that record you put out with Paul Banks from, from Interpol Banks and Steel Love Paul. Yeah. Dude, that was so rad that that record. Talk a little bit about that experience and how you guys got together. Let's shout out Paul Banks first and the whole Interpol family. I put an Interpol song in Black Rabbit coming out. Well, Congrats man. Ah, that's dope. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you And Paul's getting married this summer.


Oh, is he? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, this, one of the coolest bachelors I was married while we was making that album. He wasn't, you know what I mean? And all the girls always scream for him. He's a cool dude, man. Oh, I mean, I don't know him, but I'm such a fan. Yeah. Talk, talk, talk a little bit about that experience. Well, we met because he, I guess he had, he listened to some of my music and he was making an ex, he used, I guess one of his articles. He used me as a reference to something he was striving to do as a artist. And I think my manager read it and was like, oh, my manager's a fan of Paul. And he said, oh, Paul is a fan of yours. And he, he kind of quoted something about you and you guys are both New Yorkers, which, you know, hook up, meet.


I mean, he's, he's not a native New Yorker, but yeah, he's, you know, he was living in New York at the time. He said maybe you guys could hook up and chop it up. And we hooked up and we both were chess players. And so we would just play chess at the time. He, you know, he, he, he did drink tequila. We met at a tequila bar and it was tequila and chess. And that built the, that built a friendship. And maybe a couple of years later, I think Warner Brothers approached us and was like, would you guys be interested in kind of collaborating on something together? We just think you guys are just too cool, too cool motherfuckers, just to be quite frank was the slang they used. Yeah. And we was like, yeah, whatever. Yo, we hang anyway.


Like, you want us to do music too? Cool. You wanna pass, hang up. Alright. I used that. I used that single, actually as a temp track in my show. Jason, you mentioned quite droy flaked the other day. But we couldn't afford it. But we used it as, we used it as a temp in, in the show. So I was a, I was a big fan. You, When you hold on any, anytime you can't afford something of mines hit me up. I gotta, I'm gonna hit you from now on. I discount, I discount so many things. And really $1 tis it just, if it gets to my desk, it gets easier if it don't get to my desk. Yeah. I'm gonna take you up on that. I'm coming. Hey, did you score, did you score your, your four films that you directed?


No, I scored two. I scored the first one with, with my buddy Howard Dawson, the second one, Richard Gibbs, me and him collaborated on the second one. The third one I passed over to Danny Harrison, a good friend, you know, George Harrison's son. Him and his, him and his crew did it. And on the fourth one I actually combined with Tyler Bates, which is, I think Tyler's incredible, incredible composer. Just very bold and brave and his sound selection. So the, so the fourth film is me and Tyler together. Wow. I wanna see that film. I know, It's me too. I, you know. Yeah, go ahead. Jason, you had a follow Up. Well, I was unrelated, but one thing I keep forgetting to ask, what about, oh, This, sorry, sorry.


This is our new segment we're doing called unrelated. Go ahead. Yeah, I like it. What about, what about martial arts for you martial? Are you, are you an accomplished martial artist? Or, or is there any crossover there? That's a big word. Accomplished. Look, no, I wouldn't say that. I don't know, I, of course, I, I practice martial art. You do? Okay. Yeah. But my philosophy is mental martial arts, cultural, artistic martial arts. You know what I mean? It's, you know, just to give you a little bit about the Wu-Tang philosophy in the martial world. So the Shain philosophy is, is known to be external, right? You train your body to be hardest iron, right?


In the Wu-Tang, you train your body to be soft as cotton. The, the, the Shall And Marshall artist would roll a thousand punches a day. The Wu-Tang Marshall artist would sit still and contemplate the thousand punches in his mind. So exercising the mind is known as, because it's kind of DAOs. So it's known as that's the Wu-Tang way, but exercising the body is zen or Buddhist sway. Okay? So being a Wu-Tang Abbot, I'm going here. And so that's why, you know, my lyrics or my art is, is always formulating. Now, somebody was a step to me now, okay, It's a mistake.


Yeah, Yeah. So shy gonna jump up outta me, you know? I mean, It's huge. Yeah, right, dude. But I am so I'm entranced. I am, this is like unbelievable. This is so Bad. I'm going into a Wu-Tang cave when I, this interview's over, I, I've been into Wutang. We were supposed to record a little while ago. I've been in a Wu-Tang just absolute cave for months now. Hey, when speaking of Wu-Tang, so when you, and just your music in general, do you see, you guys have been, so, like I said, you're so influential on other musicians for the last th over 30 years. Do you, can you see, can you like, catch glimpses of your influence in music now when you listen to hip hop? Yeah, definitely. I mean, it's a blessing, right?


To be able to inspire anything or anybody right. After getting inspiration from life yourself. But yeah, that's, it is, you know, constantly, you know, some of our greatest artists, they are not shy to, you know, give us a name drop, you know, I mean, Drake named the song Wutang Forever, you know? Yeah, yeah. You know, one of Kendrick's Lamar's first samples, you know, was a, a was a sample, which I cleared for free. Nice. Very good. Good. You're Welcome, man. I, I mean, you Guys did so much, you did so much sampling over the years. I mean, you guys were like the masters of it. Was there ever a sample that you couldn't clear that you, that you wish you could have gotten that you were not able to get?


Well, the, what was no, the worst. No, I wouldn't say that. I, lemme see. Yeah, there was a couple. 'cause some people would like become born again Christians, and they don't, they didn't, they wasn't letting hip hop go. But my biggest, one of my biggest glitches was this, and I don't mind sharing this with your audience, is that there's no floor or ceiling when it comes to sampling and the interpolation rights. And I totally disagree with that. Right. The reason why I disagree is because if you sample a song, say you sample a James Brown song, right? And you got, you know, you know, Bootsy on base, but you got all these, you know, all these different people playing maceo, they all playing the, the publisher will come and could potentially take 100% of that song away from you.


Right. And say that because you are copyright infringing. And even though your song could be almost unrecognizable from their song, and then the musicians who you are probably more into the musicians than the song itself. Like if I sampled a little bass part from here, a little horn from this guy, a little snare from this guy and me, I'm the type of guy that had Peter Pan records. So I may get a string section from that, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. And make a track. So it's like, what about those musicians? They never get compensated. It's just the, the publishing company. And then I said this last to me, in my opinion, that it should be a floor on the ceiling.


The ceiling should be 50%, that should be the ceiling. You should never take more than half because you got the lyrics, you got the talent, you got everything else that the other person is building to make the song. Yeah. Right. And then the floor should be then probated by how, how much you took. Yeah. You know, versus what the song is, but with a ceiling. So the floor could be, I'll put the floor at even 20% it be merciful, 20% floor no matter what. If you, if you put my record on you take something, gimme 20% for that inspiration. Right. But, but most I could take from you, it's 50% and we'll measure how to get to 50%. I got a situation where I did sample Marvin Gaye and Tammy Terrell's all I, all I need.


And with a double platinum selling song, Wanda Grammy met the man in Mary j Blige was the Coca-Cola commercial of the summer. And all we received is 10% of the song. Wow. They took it all. Wow. Huh. Yeah. And that, I mean, that song made, Yeah. Every time I made a dollar, they only gave us a dime. No, and way, and look, and one, I could argue back, they, you know, they, they said it was ours. You took it and, but you also, I could then argue back, but no, we didn't know, we didn't know that that was a law. Or we hip hop started from a guy with a turntable and he's scratching beats back and forth.


We rapping over it, and then they made a sampler, a sampler says sampling instrument. Okay, that's my new instrument. And now I'm sampling sounds and, and records from my collection, and I'm making my own thing. I, we didn't know that it's going to, it was gonna be a law or some type of thing that was gonna stop us. And eventually hip hop got slowed down because of sampling and interpolation laws 'cause of lawyers. Yeah. And then all those fee, all those fees were assessed retroactively into, into all of those songs that were created with some samples and stuff. Once the law went into effect, then they reached back, they reached back out and charged. Oh Wow. Yeah, you got some songs. Now I got some, I got a song of mines that is totally wrong.


Two, two or three of my songs. Because they thought, they thought that it was it and it wasn't it. Right. Wow. Wow. And It was really, it was like, hold on, that's not Roger Troutman. What is, I, I didn't even, I wasn't, I wasn't a Roger Troutman fan. Right. I was a Thelonious Monk fan, but I wasn't a Roger Troutman fan. I love that. I love your, I love your floor and ceiling idea. I think that that's something that should, that should take root. Hopefully. I, I think that that makes a lot of sense and seems really fair, really, really fair. So I hope that works out. Alright. Before I let you go, I wanna talk a little bit about a ballet through Mud. Because you released a classical album last year. I, I, I can't, I did not know this.


Want to hear this? So I, it's unbelievable. Like every time there's like something else that you did, talk a little bit about how that came about and your ambition with that And, and, and, and where we can see it. Will it ever be done again or, Well, the ballet was performed a few times already. And so we don't know if it's going to, if I'm gonna, you know, do it again, like perform it again. But we did perform it in la we did in Colorado, which we, I wrote it for Colorado. I was part of this artisan residence where for three years I would create something to take to the Colorado Symphony Orchestra and, and perform. So it was during the pandemic, of course, that I, I found this notebook of old lyrics.


And then inside these lyrics, these, these are like my high school lyrics. So this book is so old. My buddy Ray Quan made a joke, said, that book is growing here, man. It's that old, right? Yeah. But in it is all of the ideas from ninth grade up until graduation. Wow. Right. So you could hear, you could see the first blunt, the first weed. You could hear the, the early sexual ideas and everything. And you could also hear the imagination growing. And so when I found the book, I said, I can't, I should, I can't wrap these right. What should I do? And then I eventually decided talking with my wife about it, of course, that what if I kind of composed it into like a ballet or something?


That's a great Idea. And so she thought it was a great idea as well. And I kind of went into it. The funny thing is that one of, lemme lemme share one of the rics that led to it. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. So one of the lyrics was about these six teenagers who exploring life, right? So Sue was this girl who was really quite fly and Brad was real cool. He was her guy. Lisa was freaky. She loved to have sex. Her brother name was Dexter, but they called him Dex. His girlfriend name was Monica. She was a Verge. And Joe, he was their friend and he was a nerd.


Brad bought the beer, she bought the smoke. Lisa had, she, Dexter had coke. Joe was the type who didn't get high, nor did Monica, but she was willing to try. So Brad lit a blunt and pastor to Joe saying, come on man, smoke it. And Joe said, no, what's wrong? Are you scared? Was asked by Sue, oh, you are just a nerd. Joe said, that's not true. Monica said, come on Joe, just have a taste. And she puff on the joint and blew smoke in his face. Now, armonica Joe had a crush. He didn't want to do it, but felt that he must, like many we know love made him a fool. So he smoked the joint to prove he was cool. Then Lisa was like, yo, forget about Joe. Then say, Hey Dex, where the heck is the blow? He pulled out two grams that it's all that I bought.


Well, it's more than enough. And they proceeded to snort. Now, with this time, Joe had finished two Bs and Brad was like, yeah, have another you queer. And Joe said no, while holding his stomach and while facing Monica, he suddenly vomited. She screamed, oh my God, shit. How absurd. And everyone laughed and said, Joe is a nerd. Joe is a nerd. Joe is a nerd. Joe felt embarrassed. So he did the bird, they chased him, he ran, they screamed and they laughed into this abandoned house and with the sound of this crashing glass, and it was dark in there. So Brad had to get a light to check to see if Joe was all right. But when they found them, he was laying on his back with cords of red blood spurting from his head.


And Monica said, oh my god, Joey is dead. And they started to run and they never mentioned this incident again to anyone. So, Wow. That's beautiful. That is amazing. And Not tie that to a ballet. That is, that's Unbelievable. Gotta see that just, I Riveted, man. How in the world do you Remember? I Know. Not only remember that, but remember everything that you make. I mean, it's incredible. It's so good. Yeah. God, man, we can talk for hours. I, we've taken up way too much of your time. What, what an absolute, like I said at the beginning, absolute really cool. What absolute honor to have you man. I'm such a fan. Yeah, it really has been. You just has been, you're Such a creative juggernaut dude in on, in every way.


So just, you know, continu success. Yeah. Thanks for Coming. I've sent all respect and I just saying, I'm a fan of all you guys work as well. Thank you for what you contributed to my life. It's just, you know, the idea I've watched you. It's, I I've watched as a fan, you know, the things you guys create, whether in the theater in front of my TV set and got my labs, got my inspiration and, and, and, and probably took something from your tree here and there. Come, I'm hip hop, So I sampled Okay. You sampled us. You sampled us. I Sampled Yes, indeed. Right back at you. You've touched all of us. Millions and millions around the world too. Thank you For what you do. You really inspired us today. Well, thank you Rizza for your time.


And honestly, thank you guys and thank you Paul. Yeah. Spoonful chocolate. All the best of luck with it, man. Can't wait for It. We'll be watching it Back. Peace. Thank you. Peace. Yeah. Bye pal. Wow. Well, Willie, that was, I mean, I didn't, I didn't think you had it in you, you know, I know you always Talk about them. You've talked about them forever. Yeah. I wanted to have him on for a long time and I'm So, I, I'm like, I, I knew the bar was high. I was like, oh, he is gonna be inspirational. He's gonna be cool. And I can't believe how he just exceeds expectations just as a creative, right. It's just something's like an also like endless well of creativity. Yeah. And also like, just philosophies and like Yeah.


I mean spiritual, like, I love the thing you said about the trumpet, like the, where the artist has to connect the energy to the vibrations that go through the thing that makes the sound like whatever that was. But that was really cool. Yeah. That was, We're like trumpet Jay. You're more like a Waymo, you know what I mean? You're just like A, nobody's in it automated Car with nothing inside. Please rate me empty Vehicle that goes from just destination to destination. But that's fine, that's fine. And we still love you. But honestly, yeah, he had, so you're right. He had so many cool philosophies. I mean, I could, by the way, The whole shalin approach that he does and the way they created that community and kind of like, there's just, and he produced all those records for all those guys for, you know, for Ghost Face.


I understand. And for all those dudes like Matthew, man, it's, it's insane. It is wild. I wanna be in the music world a little bit. They all just seem like they just, they they kind of got it all together, you know? They're super chill. Yeah. No one's running, they're just, you know, they're just doing their thing. That's Right. I'm really excited for, for, I knew Jay you'd be excited that he's is directing. I didn't know he'd done four films, but I saw the trailer, I saw the trailer for his new film. It looks really, really good. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm excited for that. And, and how cool. I mean, and it makes sense that he'd be a good director because he has been sort of the Abbott, as he says, of the Wu-Tang for so long and does so many and wears so many hats. And Jays, you know, as a director of that's what you have to, that's what you have to Do.


Pulling on all those different levers. Yeah. And just a great leader. I spent a lot of time on Abbott Kinney when there's a gay bar in Abbott Kinney. You know, funny story about that gay bar. It's called Rooster Fish. The Rooster Fish. I, How do you guys know that? I think, I think, I think so. When I, when I first, first, it's totally True. When I, I I used, There's a light bulb out in the back alley behind, oh, anyway, forget this. Oh no, it doesn't matter. Wait Until You go. I used to live right around there and when I first moved into my house, me and my buddy went down, went down the street and like, well, we gotta find our local bar. Right. If we're gonna be living down here. And this place is, is at the time, I dunno if it still is, it was painted this like this really cool, like turquoise blue. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And, and we're like, well, this place looks kind of cool. Walked in there, fucking sat at the bar and ordered a couple of beers and just started, started talking to each other and I get a little tap tap on the shoulder. And I don't think the guy had like a gag ball in his mouth, but it seemed, it was something was, it was very clear that we were in the wrong spot. Yeah. Almost immediately. Right, right. We finished the beer and we Sure You got another one. Shook some Hands and Yeah. So we only had three more beers. I only had three more. And then I was outta there by the way, I forgot, I forgot to Mention Happy Pride. I forgot to mention that, that Far Rizza that they're, they're his, they're on tour this summer, right?


The Wu-Tang final tour. So I also wanted to mention that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We should go. We should really go. How I would love Do Yeah. Why don't you mention that during the interview so we could lock up some Dickies. I know, I forgot. We can still lock up. We can get Ticky. Don't say ticky. Look, he picked it up from, he picked, he picked it up from Rooster Fish up. He Up. Well that's why I would've phrased it with him too. I say, Hey, s chance we get some Dickies, you know, and we would've, it would've been uncomfortable ambush him in the interview live. You know, he would've had to give us some tickets that would've Been uncomfortable for anybody, dude. Okay. The way you sort of infantilize everything is So I wanna, By the way, I feel like that Rooster Fish story isn't over, but, we'll, it can, it can be for now. Yeah. I'll Tell you the ending after we, we got to, we shot down.


Is that the day, that was the day that you discovered that you weren't gay, but that maybe you were gay adjacent. Smart. Nice, smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less


At Cap Compelling University. You can learn at your own pace with our FlexPath learning format. Take one or two courses at a time and complete as many as you can. And a 12 week billing session with FlexPath, you can finish the bachelor's degree. You started in 19 months and under $19,000, a different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu. Fastest 25% of students cost varies by pace transfer credits and other factors. Fees apply.


Busy workweeks can leave you feeling drained. ProLon five day nutrition program rejuvenates you at the cellular level with boxes labeled by day so you know exactly what to eat. Developed at USD's Longevity Institute, ProLon supports biological age reduction metabolism, skin health, and fat loss when combined with proper exercise and nutrition. Get 15% off plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe@prolonlife.com slash pandora promo. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. Products are not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent disease. See site for details.