
Deets. And Watson has been handcrafting meats, And cheeses for over 80 years. They never cut corners, ever. They cook their meat. They don't process It, deets, And. Watson was transparent about what goes into their food And. What doesn't? They do things. The Right Way, even if it's the hard Way, they're going on their fourth generation of upholding that philosophy, because that's how they've always done it. Diets And Watson. It's a family thing. Since 1939, visit diets And watson.com/the Right Way to learn more about the diets. And Watson difference.


Guys, if there's one thing I get really excited about, it's PHAs Champions League, Barcelona host Byron in the PHA Champions League. Wednesday, October 23rd at 3:00 PM Eastern. This was one match you won't wanna miss. Streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports And. Sign up today,


Guys. Ah, when's the last quickie you had? Sean? Well, probably Ah, probably yesterday. What do you mean by quickie? Well, That's Ugh. Wait. What do you mean by probably yesterday? Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Smart. Smart. Jb jb. Let's just get into your hairs. Ah midway short. Yeah Yeah. I. I Should I know. Look at that I. My And And. Tomorrow morning, the rest of this garbage comes off.


And. I'll just be into stubble, And, then And, I'll be into a mullet. And, you already cut a little bit of your hair a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna keep the party in the back. And, Ah. Pull in some business on the sides. And the top. Yeah, Yeah. And. That'll work for two days. And, then We, go backwards. 20 years. So we'll go back into like a, like your level, your, your short hair, Sean, Yeah, Okay, And, clean shape. Like a Michael Bluth. You're gonna go back to a Michael. Go back to a Michael Bluth or a Marty Bird, or really every other part I've ever played in my life. How Dare you. How dare you. Yeah. Yeah. Not true. The the acting stretches haven not been significant in my career. Will you be sad to see the change? Go Yeah a little bit.


But I I gotta tell you. I don't know how women do It with the long hair. And, the showering Ugh. You know, like It, it's, it always tangled. And, the showering face And. It's It takes you 20 minutes to wash your hair. It was just a nightmare. But It's been, it's been coming up on a year since you've been growing that hair out. And stuff. I mean. This was like a Longer than a year Yeah. So this was a big, this was gonna be a big departure. Yeah I can't Wait Yeah. My daughters are excited to Ah be done with my nonsense. My wife, Ugh was not happy about It. So, I saw your wife last night. And Yeah. That's what I heard. And Yeah. And. She said. And said, said, she said to me, she's like, I, like, 'cause my hairs get a little bit longer than, than I usually haven hair was very long. Now And. She goes, I like it. That Way And. Then our friend goes, no, it's too long.


It's Yeah. I don't like it like that. And. Then And then also proceeded to tell me That I was a little overweight Oh. This was, this was another guest at the party. Yeah Yeah. So this was the host And. I'm like, Okay. Well, That feels great. I. Think you look I. Think you look beautiful. Thank you, Yeah. You, you actually look a little thin to me. Thank you. I. That's What. He said Yeah. I'd like to fatten him up a little bit. You look thinner. Sorry. I don't mean to talk to you about Ah talk. You some sort of like concubine. And. It's Ah. Just come. Hmm. I, can you hold, please? I'd like to plump you up a little bit before our session. I. Love Jay. You Sean, how are you feeling? You're, you're still in New York. We still haven't seen each other. I know.


But it's as if We don't like each other. But if, when you're done with your show, this, This was my plan. This I was gonna say this, but I was, I was gonna say, please come over Thursday night. Let's do it. 'cause I'm getting in Wednesday. Let's do a Thursday night dinner, either at Shawnee, at your apartment or somewhere. Let's do it'd That would be great. Yeah great because I, I'm, I'm furious that We haven now, you know, was, I'm finishing on Wednesday after seven or eight months on this thing. Well, And not, not including the prep a month of Prep Right. Well, no. That includes It. And Ugh my wife, because she's smarter. And kinder about our friends than I am has forced me to not come home after eight months of being Wait, Right, And.


Stay an extra five days Yeah Yeah to go see our friend Ah, who's opening in a new play. Yeah And. So We haven to sit. Here. And just kill five days of my life. Yeah waiting for this. But that's when you come over. And. We'll take care of you. But I mean I. I. Don't think our friend would care if I come see it like in a month or in two months. Yeah, Right, Yeah. was, was opening night that big of a deal? No, But we're Yeah. It's nice. We're all gonna go. It's gonna be nice. You're doing it for somebody else. Yeah, what do didn S your face was didn, We all do It later. What S your What. do you think your face is doing right now? It probably Looks pretty pissed off. It does that. his Just gravity Yeah. But, but it's the good nice thing to do.


We're gonna do, we're gonna go for di We're gonna haven dinner with the three of us. Then we're gonna do Jack Ah Ugh. JB We already talked about it this Weekend. Okay? So you're gonna kill some time for me. Yeah Yeah Yeah. You're not gonna be stuck out on Long Island. You're gonna stay Here in the City. No, I'm not coming. I'm not coming. I'm not gonna go to Long Island. I'm just gonna be in the city the whole time. Oh great. Yeah. Alright, Right. So then I've got you until the kids And the wife get Here on Friday. And Friday. Exactly. Right, And. Sean was still in town. Yeah And. I'm still not Sean him. We Worked it out. We Did, worked this out. We, We, We haven. It all laid out for you. If you come, when you come over, if You're listening out there And, you want to grab a lunch or something, just let us know. I was walking down the street the other day. And this. A girl was Ah, had her earbuds in And. She goes, Oh my God. Sean Hayes. I. Go Yeah.


She goes, you're really in New York. Just like he said, you were on the podcast. I mean Yeah Was not I. Don't make It up. Ugh. Now all Right Here comes a guest. Okay? It was It was, it's an, it's, it's been 50 Ah Ah. No, 24 minutes. This guest has been waiting with my bad technological problems. Alright, today for your listening pleasure. Yep We haven brought to you an actor, a writer, a producer, an academic, an activist And. A cellist all in one. A cellist, a cellist, Yeah Wow for me. His ability to deliver social, political, And, religious commentary, wrapped up in side splitting comedy was completely unmatched.


Making him one of the most effective And valuable satirists, We haven in this world. He started multiple movies, both comedic And, dramatic, worked with some of our fanciest directors, been nominated, won multiple awards. And, he was my absolute favorite person to see at a party. Guys, Oh. Ah, the sneaky handsome, uhoh devastatingly, funny Uhoh Cambridge Smart, yet always cheeky. Sasha Baron. COEs, Oh God, S sake. Look, God, Sasha, God, I'm so sorry for the delay. Worry I mean a a man of your Was not. Now I don't feel so bad knowing it's Sasha. Now that it's Sasha Yeah. Yeah. It was okay, Will let me butter him up. And. Then you take him down. Okay, you. It's, it's, thank you, thank you's.


It's, it's, it's ridiculous that I've left somebody of your stature waiting this long, I apologize. Come, come. Please. It's An honor. It's an honor to be Hundred And 14th. Yes. Not very much. You. You're deep. You're deep But. you should haven been on earlier. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. You bury when you do, when you do, like, when you haven like a big act. Right, you don't, you don't haven the Marques act first. Right, you haven the opening. Yeah. You make people Wait. You haven them a hundred And. Four, You haven 200 And 30 opening acts. It's deeper than that. Ah. Hey, Sasha. Sasha. Hey, how are you? Nice to see you. Hi. Nice to meet you, Sasha. I've not I, don't think I've ever met you haven. We never met That. Seems bizarre. I'm sorry. Lovely to meet. Lovely to meet you too. Lovely to Meet you, Oh. We'll keep your knees bent on that one.


Where, Where? Sasha? You're in Los Angeles or New York, or, I'm, I'm in Moray in French. Polynesia. Where I live Now. Oh. Wow. You're, This isn't a bit Yeah. No, it was a bit Ugh. Would you ever live in French Polynesia? 'cause That sound. That sounded great. You Know, What I actually considered I, looked into It very thoroughly. Jokes aside, truly, Really. That particular Spot during the pandemic. Yeah. During the pandemic. We knew We were gonna move. But We were looking somewhere in the southern hemisphere because We knew that the flu, the virus, The virus doesn't last as long in the southern Hemi there, the northern hemisphere Vira, the virus was, was Crazy.


Strong I. Think at That Point, it was somewhere in the southern hemisphere. And. So We had missed the virus. We were advised by some, someone at John Hopkins, who it happened to be, happened to know And. So We looked into French Polynesia. I looked carefully into Tahiti. It was interesting. Yeah. There's a, there's a Ah, a bilingual school. Yeah, you know, there's Beaches Haven. You been to Bora Bora haven. You been to the Brando haven. You been Ah to Moray. We haven been to Moray. And. I've been to, I've not been to the Brando. It's s pretty good. And. We haven. Been to Bora Bora. Where's the Brando? And I can tell you everywhere else that I've visited as well. This Sounds, like real Ah elite fuck off Ugh conversation, but No, no, no.


Quite Right. But listeners, let's discuss the best hotels. No But, You listeners. I. I always thought Tahiti was like, you know, Ugh on the Ugh, the edge of the earth. It's only three hours past Hawaii for anybody on the West Coast. You know? So people on the West coast, they go to Hawaii all the time. It's like Ah. It's like Florida for the people in New York. Yeah, it's eight hours, or, but it's Ah. It was just three hours past That. And, you're familiar, very familiar with It J. 'cause you actually worked there. So you were the first time you, you went down there. Ugh Yeah I didn to fulfill an obligation. Couples retreat. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh. Yes. And. Then By The Way. I am happy to discuss French Polynesia At at length Till the, till the end. Yes. Actually, I wasn't a shark attack, though, once you were No, no.


was kind of a feeding frenzy. You Were in one In Moray. Yes. I went shark diving. And Bora Bora Yeah didn. did you? So didn. That, where it came from. didn. You go down to dive with sharks. And things got a little hot. The, in those days, I think it's illegal. Now. They used to do something called shark feeding, where I was doing my paddy license. And. Then that's, That's how you get certified as a scuba diver. Listener. Ugh Tracy. Exactly. Patty was Pat. And. Sean, Yeah. Yeah. And. What Happened. And then Yeah, they, the guy I, was with some French instructor to, had basically said, we're gonna feed some sharks. And. Then he puts on a kind of chain mail hand thing. Obviously we're underwater And. He just said, be him And.


It was just me. And him. And. He basically breaks open a sardina. I, remember it? And. Then I. Remember Sean, the droplets of blood, And. Then within literally two minutes, there were 12 sharks around. No, Way, Wow, And. Then he pulls out this bag, this tuna head, Ah, And. He was got, you know, a chain mail, hand on chain mail kind of glove on And. They start, you know, eating the thing. And. It's really interesting. And. I'm there opposite. Then they get carried. Way, Yeah, And. There's a feeding frenzy. And, you can't see anything. And. He's looking at you with eyebrows. Hi like, isn't this white And? He, he was not looking at me. His glove gets knocked off. And, his regulator, no, gets knocked out of his mouth.


And. Then he leaves. He Needs some air. He goes up. And leaves me alone. Yeah with the 12 shocks. Yeah that are And. I can't see a thing. Does he put up one finger like I'll be Right back? No, nothing. There was literally nothing. Yeah, I went down there with a guy. He put, he put a T And a head in his wetsuit, Right in the front of his wetsuit, in order to haven all the sharks. And. It was a big group of us. And I mean this, this was planned. Yeah, And, He said not to worry about it. And, And, And, And, We did a little bit And. Then It was Okay. And. You can see in their eyes, That, they're not interested in you. No, but like, you know, sharks are always scary. When your head's kind of just above the water, you don't know what's going on below. But once you get under And, you can look at a shark, look at you And then kind of swim, and your fear of sharks goes Way instantly.


Wow I. Highly recommend it. That did not happen when the Sharks knocked the regulator out of his mouth. Ah, And knocked the gloves off. And. He swam. Way. Sean. You told me once you walked out of a Ralph's with like 12 cans of tuna in your pants, Right, was that a true Story? Didn, That Happen? Or, or was was That? That was a dream come true. Yeah, Yeah. Ah. But Sasha, you sound like That was a surprise. That it went to rye. I was, but And, I basically started hyperventilating. I mean this was my second time diving in my life. Yeah Right. Yeah. But I mean like, but And. Then Actually, the guy put, he put his regulator back on. Yeah, put the glove out. 'cause he'd left me alone. Yeah went back down. And. Then the first shark went to attack him.


And, he punched it in the nose. Wow I mean this was not good for animal Wrights lovers out there. No, but that's what you're supposed to do. He not Way who was defending himself. That's Okay. What was Yeah Yeah. I mean. If the shark was eating you, And, you're just going No I didn. I didn't wanna punch it in the nose. You, you can Hurt me. And. I don't wanna hurt you. Yeah, Gimme A break. No, you were allowed. Are you sure that the shark wasn't just coming to him for more sort of, of that blood? He wasn't, he wasn't gonna trying to bite the guy. was he? I? Don't think so. I think they were just in a front. He headbutted the Didn, interview the shark. After didn, they get didn. He Headbutted him. He Headbutted one of the sharks. The lemon shark, which I think was kind of bad. Those are big Yeah, 12 feet long Yeah. He headbutted the, that shot. No, Of course, you haven to, in, in France.


We had bought Ah Yeah Afterwards. I did go up to him. And He said, has anyone in the end, I, basically, he came over to me. And checked my oxygen. And did completely run out of oxygen. And. Then We did some emergency procedure where, you know, you take his regulator, Yeah go up, Yeah, He puts it in your mouth. And, you put yours And your his Mouth. He was like, We both haven to get in the same wetsuit. Don't worry, it was fine. This was how We regulate you. This was a very long ruse. Yeah. We're both in this We. Go down below this. Has this Hasn't wrecked your love of Ah scuba diving, though, has it? No, no, no. I went back the next day. I did say to him, I He said, has anyone ever got hurt on any of your dives? And He said, do people haven died? No Way, for Real?


Seriously? Lemme tell. That was, It was Painless. Yeah. He was a cave diver. Those guys are completely crazy. And, you know, he basically missed the fun of And. The thrill of cave diving. didn, I, I. Think scuba diving was like, scuba diving was the most magical thing I've ever done. I, I would, would love, love to do. It. That was more, And More. But what, what if He said What? If he said haven, anybody ever done And? You go And. He goes, yes. Two people. And. he said they like, like in a cave where he goes, no. was I murdered them? This was above his, this was not in the water. Fuck Yeah. No. The night before. I murdered them in the room. I strangled them. Like, what Do you do? A lot of That stuff. Sasha like, do you thrill seek? Are you a thrill seeker? X Games? Not really. No, no, no, no Haven. You ever Skydived, would you We haven.


Not I. Would not haven You haven you I. I I was a week Wait from It. And. Then I canceled. It Ah because I, I, I He said to myself, okay, what do you, what do you think you'd feel at the end? And. Then I, I realized. All I would feel was relief. And. Then I thought, well, I've just had my first kid, And, I shouldn't be doing things. That. I'm excited about haven gotten Wait with it. You know, like, no longer should I be doing things. I get Wait with Yeah. And. So I stopped I. I said, you know, What I don't wanna do it. Would And, none of you guys haven done It? Would all three of you I didn do Didn the simulation thing? But Not, that doesn't, what do you mean the fucking, the little fly suit at Universal Studios? You get me two Two, absolutely. With the air Yeah. No, it doesn't count. It doesn't count. Ugh. So, Sasha Barron Con, let's drop the Baron.


Huh? Ah. What's Ah? What's always What? Just to make me even more Jewish. Okay, Well, let's, let's, That was, But Wait was, It Baron was not a part of the last name. was it? was it just your, was That your Middle name? It was part of the Last name. Yeah. Oh. Last. It was part Oh got It Yeah. So, Sasha, your, your, your, your, your blend of Ugh comedy. And Ah, for lack of a better term, education Ugh, was, was, was I. I, as He said in the intro, I find personally, so admirable And, like you make the medicine go down super easy for ding-dongs like me, And. The, the stuff you shine a light on, not only just on issues, but also Ah sort of ethics.


And, Ah, bigotry, And, And, Ugh, et cetera, et cetera. Ugh, where was that? Come? Well, I kind of know where it comes from. But tell the audience, like when didn That, when didn, you figure out you could blend your, your social awareness with your comedic talents. Firstly, thank you very much for That. Take It down. It's lovely I. I can spend all day hearing that. But please don't I. Think I. Think It was the first time, actually, the second time I did Bora Yeah. So basically, Bora was created, I was doing like a, a satellite TV show called F two F, where I was the host of, it was a discussion show for teenage kids.


We did talk about everything. Ah, And, you talk about teen topics. And, you know, I wanted to be a comedian. And. So I would go And prerecord characters that I could throw to Right. And. Basically, I went out once And, Ah, I had a kind of skateboarding character that was a early form of LG And. Then I basically saw some real skateboarders. And. The guy I was with this sort of old director from Eing Studios who had lost all his money. And was working on this really shitty satellite TV show. I said, look, those guys look like me.


I go. Do you think I should talk to them? And He said a hundred percent. So, I, go over to these guys. And, I'm basically on my skateboard. And, I'm playing this early LG character. And. They thought I was real. Right And. After about three minutes, I said, guys, you know, I'm not, you know, I'm not real. This was just a, you know, was goof playing along. They were completely freaked out. Right, And. Then I, a tourist bus came. I, jumped on the tourist bus. Right, I commandeered it. I started rapping, got off the bus, went into a Started year. was this Sasha What year was this? Maybe This was I, think 1995 or four. Okay.


Okay. Anyway, I basically go into a pub. I start breakdancing. They call the police I. Go into some start break. Big business. I claim that my dad's upstairs, And. He's the CEO, they call Security We. Run back to this live TV show. I Run. They put on my normal clothes. And. This guy, this legendary guy who's an editor, I Toyota E Studios. Yeah was editing while I'm on Air Yeah. This was, this was the days of pneumatics. This was Right. He's like cutting, you know, Yeah, everything's losing for frame. And And. He was adding music. And. This guy was the kind of legendary guy. Wow, And. I'm cutting to this stuff, And. It's, you know, me with real people. So it was the first time that it was a comic character with real people.


And, you realized that you could Trojan Horse some of the social commentary inside a comedy Yeah. You're Right, I'm not really answering your question at all. This was like the first time I ever didn, you know, characters in the real world at the end. Yeah, you weren't doing that shit yet. Like even LEG, you weren't really early on LG You weren't really making a commentary. You were just fucking with people. Yeah Early on. Yes. Well, But, you were exposing sort of the, the, the, the, the low hypocrisy, low, the, the low brow perspective on certain things that deserve a, a Hi brow analysis. Yeah. I Mean did well, I think in a Way. Ali G was kind of a undermining of the establishment.


Yeah. It was essentially saying, okay, these people, That run society. They are completely out of touch with society. Right so much that they will believe that this guy was real Right, despite him asking the most absurd questions ever. Can I tell you, Sasha I think I've told you this. And, JB you might know this, but And I don't mean to speak ill of the dead Ah. Please do Here. We go, go. But Ah Here We go. What? They don't give a shit. You're Not gonna haven criticized Hitler again, are No I told you. I wouldn't ever remember I. You made me I signed I a promise to him. Yeah Yeah Was, stop it. I was in tears. Yeah, You were an absolute, you were wreck.


I was furious. So I was Weeping. It's one of the weirdest positions. I Was weeping at the Vanity Fair Party when you were, It was not a position you think Sasha would haven, but boy, no. was was Ah years ago. Right, after It aired, And, I wanna say about 2003, four, something like That. You were still doing LEG at the time. It was before Bora And. You, I was at a party with Ah because he was on arrest development with James Lipton Jason. You were there too. And I s did. Just seen it. And He said to James Lipton, I, go, Oh. I saw you on LEG. And. I said, God, that was so, so funny. The actor Studio guy, Yeah, the actor, studio guy. Yeah And. He was on Arrested Development. He played the warden of the prison. That. S great.


The moment That was Warden Morton. Gentles Gentil Yeah. That, that's Right. I. Think that's Right And. It's a, it's a really funny bit to haven him as the warden. Right. And the whole time. He's really just trying to get them all to Mount, to play like a musical. But He said, I said Yeah I. So you analogy, gee, God. That was so funny. And goes, I knew when he came in. I knew that it was a bit And, but he went on this whole thing. And I just watched it. And. I'm thinking like, no, no, you didn't didn. No. He had no absolutely no idea, because he took me off camera after We did, finished the interview back to the other room. And sort. You know, I was still in character. He completely believed who I was. That's amazing. Right And that think showed me like a painting of a naked Of his wife.


Woman. Yes. was that possible? It's Top. His wife in the other Yeah It was Yeah famous. Wow, Yeah. And. He goes, that was my wife, Yeah. Which you wouldn't do if you thought And I was like your man. Yo, she was man. I was bone That yo somebody else. Wait. You know how I know that somebody else, Sasha has told me, That very same thing. Yeah that he took It back. And said this was the naked picture. Dr. Painting And my wife there. We, Go. You verified the story Yeah. That was fact checking. We haven. Just fact checked. There you go. We've established me as a reliable witness. This s Great And That Start. That started the classic line from Borat of, it's my wife, Right Yeah. It was my naked wife, Right, my wife, James Lipton, We haven. She was beautiful by the Way. She was beautiful.


She was I'll bet And, classically, if We use those kind of Ah ways to categorize women, sure. What does it even mean? Of course, We'll be Right back.


Lemme ask you a question. Are you prepared for this cold And flu season? I mean truly Right now was the best time to get a flu vaccine. And GoodRx was Here to help find discounts on the vaccine. And, if you do get sick, save on cold And flu medications at a pharmacy near you. GoodRx was completely free. And easy to use. With GoodRx, you can instantly find discounts. Compare prices. And, save up to 80% on prescriptions. GoodRx was accepted at all the major pharmacies in your neighborhood, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, And, many more And. Remember, GoodRx works. Whether you haven insurance or not. Even if you haven Insurance, GoodRx may beat your copay price this flu season. Stay prepared with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


While Hilton was always expected to haven top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now, they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams And, iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And, they've added romantic And, refined nomad hotels, And graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the stay.


If you're a real super fan of this podcast, you probably already know there's some awesome SmartLess merch at the SiriusXM online store. But, you might not know that the SiriusXM online store was powered by Shopify. We're grateful. Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners, Shopify was the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage, all the Way to the did We just hit a million orders stage Shopify was there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats, And coffee mugs. Shameless plug, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all in one e-commerce platform to their in-person. POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus, sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All Star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter What stage, you are in And. Now, back to the show.


At the beginning when I asked you like, like about the risk taking, like I was like, would you do anything else other than, you know, swim with the Sharks or whatever, And? he said, no, absolutely not. And We talk about skydiving. And I. Just I. Just realizing like this, what you do was so Hi risk risky. Oh, my God Yeah. So all the, so that must fulfill some kind of like Yeah Russian you the, or like You love that kind of Ah that, that kind of rush of like, you're, you're about to get caught in Right. You're not doing that as much anymore. Correct? was that because you're just sort of like older And, wiser And. You don't want to get hit or run anymore? Well, The last Bo Sorry, sorry, Yeah. No, the end of question Interrupted slight I thought I was waiting for that slip.


You threw me a line I a little early. No I can go On thank And. Then there, there was an orp. Then there was an or, well, the last Bora movie, there was quite a lot of That stuff. And actually. I mean We did. There was a, a scene at a gun rally, which was yes, got quite hairy And I. Remember reading about That Yeah? Yes, it was, you know, the I mean the people with semi-automatics. And automatics in the audience. And It was a militia, unfortunately, that had organized It that then didn't take it very well. And I was singing a song called The Wuhan Flu. That's Right. was Everybody What?


They Gotta do Wuhan. I can't even remember it. But I mean where, where does the fearlessness come from though? I mean T Well, there, I'll tell you the truth with that scene, because We knew that there were going to be But. you know, basically it was a gun rally. And. Everyone was said I. It was in the middle of Covid. We were the only movie shooting And. So, you know, my security said, listen, you need to haven a bulletproof vest on And. So I put on the bulletproof vest. And He said they go, that's fine for pistols. And. They said, I can Wondery as if somebody shoots the, you know, semi-automatic And. You know, it was not just one person. So they built, so I was singing on stage. So they built an amplifier that was pretty much bombproof.


So they basically said, you know, if people start really shooting with the semi-automatics, go behind the amplifier, And Ah, you'll be safe. That His Jesus And. So it's That was unbelievable. And And. So the thing was, you know, you are in the scene. I'm on stage And, you know, you haven this kind of conflict between, you know, I'm terrified, And, then you always haven. I need to get the scene. So you want to, so I was doing, you know, the same a verse again, because I felt I hadn't got a good take of affair. People were getting more And, more, you know, they realized at some point, it was me on stage.


There was somebody actually undercover from Black Lives Matter had infiltrated this gun rally. Yeah And. Basically, they recognized me. And word spread. That. It was me, And. Then people started trying to storm, storm the stage. Right. 'cause they realized they were getting clowned, Yeah, Yeah, Ugh, And. Obviously they all had guns, And then Ugh. But I'm trying to get the scene. And, obviously to do as many different takes. And. Eventually they did storm the stage. And, actually, somebody pulled a gun. Jesus Christ, And. Luckily I had a very good bodyguard at the time who managed to Wow Take a bullet. Yeah, he's dead. But he, he actually gave him such a beautiful Funeral. That's why he said at the time, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah, he was such a, he went, Way so well, Hey, What did What.


He Had such a beautiful And, reasonable funeral. What Said, no, What, What. You know, you, when you're It was funny. You mentioned reasonable 'cause I was gonna say you Ugh as part of this And you've kind of, the situation you described, you haven to deal with a lot of people who some might consider to be kind of unreasonable, to be extremist Ah of, of, you know, in, in certain ways. And, And. My question was, when you deal with all these people, And, you're And, you're revealing all this or pulling back the, the, the sort of, the covers on all this kinda shit. Do you, do you ever haven a moment where you go, you know what, this person was kind of a good person. They're just really, they've just gotten off a on the wrong path.


Or misinformed I was, I'm sure some of them are despicable Yeah, but just some are misinformed. But actually at their heart, they're kind of good people. Yes, I mean, on the last movie as well, there were these two guys. I spent three days in a house with, called Jim And, Jerry And. They were, you know, Wait had And. This was Bru. This was Bruno Right. No, this was bull rap. Two And Oh Right, like Right, Right, Right Right. You know, they believed That. Hillary Clinton drank the blood of children. And. You know, Okay Yeah Covid was a conspiracy. And And That. Hillary had killed kids an all, but they were actually, they were nice people. They were good people. They were just misinformed. Yeah And.


So you suddenly realize they're And That. They were actually feminists because, well, when I was, you know, when I was being Ah, when Bora was being a misogynist about his daughter, you, they were like, they took it upon themselves to teach me that it was important to be respectful to your daughter And. If she wanted to do her own thing she should do. So they, huh? They were actually good guys. And, you suddenly realized, And, it was a surprise. Right, because they haven those views. Yeah, And. You want to dismiss these people as being horrific. Yeah. And. Then you suddenly realize that actually any good person, if they're fed a set of ideas, And set of information that's wrong, can believe conspiracy theories that ultimately lead to horrific stuff.


Right, Yeah, Right. Well, I mean, you know, We Yeah, We at the, at the risk of, of stepping towards political, which We try not to do on this. 'cause God knows people get enough of that shit. Way from Here. Tell me about It, but about, but just on the subject, do you feel hopeful at all that there's a scenario, a possibility where the, those who feel so disenfranchised, And aggrieved, can be brought into a sense of, well, actually I Guess what aren't, you know, Ugh, We We needn't be tribalized like We We can all kind of get along And And work as one. Like, do, do you see that as, as a possibility?


Assume I I don't, given the state of the current, you know, internet And information, Yeah laws basically Yeah That possibly you can penetrate this misinformation. And, And, And And And make it healthy. Well, the, you know, you're being fed so much stuff. That polarizes you, Yeah Ugh, you know, if you look at the craziness was that was going on in the world, it's, everything has been accelerating since, you know, social media came along, Yeah. So, until really, in my opinion, until you actually get laws That, you know, get legislation, That curbs, the power of those social media companies.


And said all Right actually, you can't spread lies like this. That kill people. Yeah or that completely undermined democracy. And And, you're, you are, you are legitimately educated on this issue of, of, of free speech versus, you know, Ugh trying to keep the social media sites Ah from being regulated. And, And, And. So my question to you was, What was That difference between, well, free speech It should be given to everybody. But, you can't yell fire in a crowded theater. So What, what was that line? And And And, who was the one That can That can say Oh.


yeah, this qualifies as, you can't yell fire in a crowded theater. So therefore you can't say that. Like who decides what And, what What, What What statements get put in that category. I mean these very big Ah questions. Huge Yeah, And. They kind of vary from country to country. So, you know, in England, And Australia, And, Germany, you know, you haven laws about hate speech. And Ah about certain types of misinformation in America. Obviously you haven complete free speech. But it's, but it's not up to those, Except for route yelling. Fire. Yes. Well, actually, you, you kind of can at the moment.


I mean Wow, you know, the internet companies, because they're not regulated because of this thing Ah called Section two 30 they can put out, which Was a free speech thing. Right Section two 30 isn't really about free speech. It basically said you can't sue them. So once you can't sue a company, you know, they haven no obligation to, you know, maintain the free speech of Ah United States. In the same Way That, a restaurant can say, you know what? I'm gonna throw you out the restaurant for saying this or that. Or Right, you know, Yeah, you know, haven, That, K, KK, hood, Here, Right. So I think the fact, you know, they're saying that they care about free speech basically because it's fantastic for their business model.


It means that they can haven every single person in the world can be on meta, can be on Instagram, can be on X Right. They don't, they're not actual, they don't care really about free speech. No, look, look at, look at Elon Musk, who, who consistently talks about free speech. He And Ah And. He'll do That And, then Ugh Ah out of the other side of his mouth. He's, he's, you know, sort of Ugh, decrying the government for doing XY And Z. Or he's kicking people off. Or he was muting them on Twitter. I actually don't wanna talk to, because said I don't want to give him any more airtime. That guy, such a, in my opinion, so fucking unfunny. It's crazy. Ah, which was I think the most damning thing about one of, he no, a lot of damning things. But the fact was how, how profoundly unfucking funny he was, was so astonishing.


But that And that's why your, your work And Ah, you know, your courage, quite frankly, I in my opinion, was so valuable. And, Ah, And, you know, did I'd take it I? Wish you were back on a weekly show. I'd take It once a week. Yeah. So thank, thank you for all of That I. Think You're Right, Yeah Yeah, JB We need to haven That sort of, you need to be in there. Lampoon And really showing shedding light on the hypocrisy alone was so fucking jarring. Yeah Right Yeah. It's, it's refreshing to I mean. It must be fun for you when you haven. Those people say, when, when you put them in that position, And, then they say the thing that you're like fucking, now this was unreal. Yeah Yeah I mean, obviously, it's horrific. But. you go Oh. You know what, while I'm actually in the room, I'm editing the scene as well.


Right. So in my head I'm going, you know, And, once they've got the thing I, go Oh. That's s great And. Now, one follow up question. Bang. Okay, now I'm gonna move on to the next bit, you know, 'cause there's obviously no direct to there. Yeah, Where did you, where did you know? I've always been taken by your Ah. your figure. Your, Your, your, your Yeah. Thank you. your sil your silhouette It was surprisingly to think more about that Yeah I mean the show more about That will tell me more about, what do you mean? What do you mean my figure Say On That topic? What, do you mean was, it's surprisingly, It's surprisingly But. you are I I did say sneaky, handsome in the intro. I believe. Thank you, thank you. But the Ugh And, you did start as a model.


But We won't need We. Don't need to talk about that. You know, more We Wikipedia accuracy. But your ability as an actor was like, you know, breathtaking might be overstating it, but I don't haven a better Word. I don't know. I don't know. But it's like your comedy was never, your comedy never comes from jokes. And. You're never making, you know, it was rarely was a Pratt or making faces. It's about your ability to be so convincing with an extremely eccentric character. And. Yet you can be literally sitting in front of somebody who's super Smart, And, maybe even prime to sort of sniff out some gotcha moments.


And, they still can't tell that it's you. But not even when you're doing, you know, those characters, even when you're just in films. And dramas, And stuff. Like, where did you, didn't, you didn't take formal training as an actor, did you? I only did one course. I did. I studied with Ugh. Phillipe Gallier, the legendary Ah clown, Clown clown school. Yeah Go Yeah Yeah at a clown school. Yeah. So That, was it I? didn. It. But no, I didn't really train in acting. No Yeah. It's just something that Ugh But, you tell us I mean was Commit I. Think I. Think Yeah. Does it just come natural to you? Ah? How do you, what do you Well, I think Yeah I.


Think you know, We did an experiment after in 2000, And 16 I That That show whose America came out of me, And, my collaborator, And Hines, And. Dan Swer We basically said, you know what, let's just create some characters. I'd done a movie. It'd been a complete bomb. And I was like, let's take this opportunity to create some characters. And We decided to go every week for the next 10 weeks, we're gonna create a character, write it, create a fake prosthetic head for It And at the end of the week, shoot with a real person with the character.


And I did That for 10 weeks. And, there are variety of crazy characters. Some That made It to the show. Six We did put in the show, And. Then I realized, basically What I was able to do was, once I've got the Way, the character speaks And. Once I work out what It looks like, And. Once I work out what the clothes are. And. I've got a couple of phrases. I could just stick in It. So that was Yeah, because that was Yeah because that I re that was a couple of weeks in I was like, Oh. This was what I can do was I can, you know, they call it inhabiting a character. But I actually kind of, you know, if I've got 30 seconds, whatever, then I'm I can go in it.


It's probably was Yeah. It must be something wrong with my brain. No, It's It was I. Think some people, it's just, it, it's just comfortable to them to pretend to be somebody else. And. They just know how to be super subtle. And, convincing And, authentic And. It doesn't trip them up. And, you're able to stay in It. Well, there's A freedom, but there's a, but there's a freedom too, if you think about It. 'cause a lot of those times when you're shooting, especially some of the sort of the, whether it's Bora or Bruno or whatever, you're, you're, you've created a character or multiple characters, but the people you're working with are not aware. That. They're in a scene in the same Way, Right. So, so it's much a, it's difficult because it's, it's complete verite, Right, you're, you're actually in their real life Right.


So you've gotta not just convince the audience, you've gotta convince the person you're dealing with in the moment. That, you're real, a real person. Right. Yeah. So you've, you've gotta do That And. There must be a certain Ah. I don't know, like making That leap was, Ah was tough. I would, I would imagine, like, just getting into that Yeah, what Making It real I mean? It's funny sometimes I get, you know, I'll haven a director say, you know, I want you to do, you know, a scripted movie, And, they'll go, this time you're gonna be playing a real person. Right Right, And I. Go hold on. The other people, I play are real people. Which was why I'm with Dick Cheney. It twice was hard. So was with Dick Cheney for three hours.


And, Right, Yeah, And. He's, he doesn't doubt once that was, he's with a real person. So What about Giuliani? I mean, thank God you, you, you started that What. Can you say, can you say anything? Can you talk about Giuliani? Yes. Yeah. I Can I think, talk about Giuliani. That was amazing. I mean essentially, you know, That movie. So We were like, why didn We bring Bora back. And actually was gotta thank Kimmel, where Kim was said, We want you on. It was like Ah the midterms. And. He wanted me to do some sketch where basically I was a kind of Ashton Kutcher type who had been manipulating Kanye West into turning him into a character that was so ridiculous that he would hang out with Donald Trump.


And. Basically, I said, I'll do It so long as Kanye will do it. This was years ago. This was 2018. Right And. So I called up Kanye And I said, will you do this thing And? It'll be, you know, he'd already met up with Trump. And I said, will you do this sketch where it said, you know, We are planning out, you know, we're gonna create this ridiculous character And. It's gonna end up with you. And Trump Tower And. It's gonna be as if you were playing along. And He said, I love the idea. But, you know, I need the president to agree. And I was like, Oh boy Trump I. Go, don't. No, no, don't ask him. So Wow I couldn't do. He goes, no.


He goes, no. I love him. And, And, I want you to I. Need to ask him. I, go. Please do not tell him we're doing this sketch till. So I couldn't do that. Sketch And. Then basically I decided to do Ball Rat. Actually, I spoke to Chris Rock. was that a name? Drop? I? Think so Yeah, sure, we'll pick it up. It's s your kind of name. Drop Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Absolute Here. It was Yeah, Yeah Yeah. It's a name drop. So I spoke to Chris Rock World famous comedian, And actor. And. He said, why don't you, you know, I was in a rush. Basically, I was gonna go on air. Two days time. He said, just do Bora going door to door. We did Bora door todo got the mustache out of storage. And, And.


Then I realized that basically Bora was just an extreme form of Trump. They'd almost identical views. said Ball was kind of four 30 to 40% more extreme with everything. I was said. Oh great. We can bring him back for Trump. And. Then I was like, how do I infiltrate, you know, Trump's world. I go. Okay, if he has a daughter who's 15, wouldn't It be great if, you know Trump had sex with her. And. So, you know, originally I was trying to work out how to get this, you know, actress in with Trump. We got a close them for a while, but it was, you know, We.


We spoke to a lot of ex secret service guys. And, the idea was like I would kind of jump out of the wall somewhere. We had like all these plans where, you know, Trump would be in a room. I would be inside the wall. We would, you know, hollow out a wall, then build it up around me. And then did burst out when he was with her And, Oh, my gosh, We an ex, an ex top secret service guy, looked after the president. And, We go What, do you think of this plan? didn, I'm gonna be in there. I'll be in there for like five hours. He said, the issue was that secret Service haven, a machine That sees if there's anyone else, anyone in the walls, And. I go All Right. So I go, what's worse comes worse. They find that I'm there, And, What, they pull me out.


He goes, no, they shoot to you dead. I go. Why Yeah? He goes, because why else would you be in a, why would they be a living person Yeah inside a wall? Unless they're trust me, Safe assumption that they can't negotiate with a guy like you. They just Kill him. So, so We basically gave up on Trump. Al also, you know, We thought at the time, That, you know, he was the most protected person in the world. I mean, this was prior to those last Ah, unfortunate incidents. But Rudy, but then We found out Rudy was a possibility. And, it was a little bit of A softer target. Yeah. But We knew that he was gonna be crucial. Yeah, And, We kind of researched him. We found out what What he drank when he started drinking.


Oh Boy was, It was the answer. Anything It was I. Think was was just asking. There was, there was a particular type of alcohol. But then We We did heard that he would sweep the room. He had a very senior head of security. He would come in And, sweep the room, And. So We We built a kind of fake cupboard inside the wardrobe. So fake back to there was a wardrobe that if somebody opened it, it would haven a fake back to him. Behind that was me, And. So the idea was, you know, I'd just stand in there for, you know, an hour And, a half And. Then there's necessary bit jump out. If he was close to kissing, you know, the girl playing my daughter And.


Anyway, basically the We had a crew member who accidentally put me in the wrong room. Jesus And I said, you know, when was, you know, so I would haven to be in position for, you know, for this to happen. Otherwise, you know, there's No Way to get into the room because his head of security would come into the room, sweep the room, sweep every room, And. Then he would sit outside. So no one could come in with Ruby. Rudy, And, her And. I was in the wrong room. And I said Wait a minute. How long till Rudy, you know, goes to the room? And. He said Oh. He's on his Way there now. And I was like, now And. Basically I ran to the room. And, I literally saw Rudy's leg come around the corner.


I ducked into the room, went into the wardrobe, went behind the fake wall, closed It, And. Then I heard the door open off his security, you know, sweep the room. That I was in. Yeah, And then come out. So We did. Swept to the room. We did the scene. Ah, you know, even Oh by the Way. So I'm in there for an hour. And a half And. You know, the only Way I can communicate with the director was through a cell phone. And We thought of everything. I. Pick up the cell phone. I'm in the pitch black And this 3% Oh. yeah, you know, an hour And a half. I was like We didn everything. We've got hidden cameras, we've got the, but We, Ah, somebody had not charged the cell phone.


So at some point, I had to kind of climb out of it. And make eye contact with the brilliant actor Maria, who was playing my daughter And. She's like, Rudy's on the bed. And. She's like coming out, looking at me. And going, What do I do And, And. Eventually I confronted Rudy, he freaks out, goes out the room. And his head of security pushes me into the room. You know, I'm playing ball rat, And, bull rat, you know, was so naive. You know, if he sees a chair, he will say, what was this machine with four legs? You know, And. Suddenly, He said, the head of security was pushed me back into the room going, you are going nowhere. 'cause I had an escape route. So my security guy was gonna take me down the escape route. But the head of security pushes me into the room.


And goes, you're going nowhere. You're staying. Right, Here, And, I said, this Was a false imprisonment. You are standing on my property, And, you'll leave now. And unhand me Now And. Basically he realized That And read the law, ran down, ran down the fire, escape, got into a car, got to the crew, hotel And. Then essentially my lawyer said he found out what We did. And He said, okay, you've gotta get out the state now Okay, that's ridiculous. Why they go Rudy. Rudy had called something And. I'd met the manager of the hotel a year onwards in dc. And He said Rudy had done something.


I, dunno what he'd called in. But He said every single type of law enforcement descended on the hotel, shut down the hotel. They confiscated all the equipment, all the crew was stuck in the hotel rooms. And. Then my security, I had a policeman That I'd hired. He realized that I'd set up Ju Rudy Giuliani. He immediately told Rudy's security where I lived, where I was staying. Jesus Christ And. So my lawyer was like, get the hell out of Ah, New York City. Now I was like, That seems a little bit over the top. I called up this other security guy. I know I know a lot of security guys who runs these kind of detectives, you know, New York And stuff that And I said, listen, I've been told We haven to leave New York State, you know, in the next 20 minutes.


'cause I interviewed someone. And, I go. He goes, what didn you do? And? I go, you know, war like And, you know, lingerie, And, dah, dah, dah as politician I go. He goes, who was it? I Go. It was, you know, it was Ugh Giuliani. He goes, get the hell out of the hotel now. So Oh, my God, I. Start texting everyone who I knew outside of New York. Go, Hi, how's it going? Da da da. Haven't seen you for a few years. This was the middle of the pandemic Yeah. You know the, this was where Manhattan was completely empty. You'd go up Fifth Avenue, there was not a car or a person. I go, how's It going? Any chance I could stay soon when Ah 15 minutes And people like, you know, people who like freaked out, not responding.


Eventually one of them said, yes, And, basically I drive to Connecticut. And It was fantastic, but Ah, Oh, But, you got all the footage. And, you got your Equipment. We got all the footage. And. Then Yeah It was interesting. It was Interesting. Incredible. And. We will be Right back.


You know, guys, life was full of reasons to celebrate Right like saying yes to your new home, getting the keys to the dream car, or finally taking that vacation you deserve. With the State Farm personal price plan, you can keep celebrating when you create an affordable price just for you by bundling home And Auto. So bring out the confetti And, break out those happy dance moves. Bundling just another Way to save with the personal price plan. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle And Save with a personal price plan. Like a good neighbor, a State Farm was there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts, And savings, And eligibility vary by state.


Hey guys, so Scotty And, We haven, a little apartment Here in New York City, And. We needed to order furniture. And We did. And It took absolutely forever. It was so frustrating. Can you guys relate to that? Well, meet all modern, all modern brings you the best of modern furniture. And. They deliver it for free in days, not weeks. Yeah, that's Right. They deliver it in days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal, especially when you just moved. Get your sofa. ASAP from all modern And. Sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made. Simple at all. Modern. You'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece was hand vetted for quality. And designed for real life shop the best of modern outdoor furniture. Timeless decor, And everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function. And, fun all in one. From small decor swaps to full room revamps, all modern has you covered. Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store at Linfield. And Deta, Massachusetts, or in Austin, Texas.


It's been a busy season of events in travel. And. your wardrobe has probably taken a beating I. Know mine has. Sometimes a total overhaul isn't in the budget. But, you can replace some of those worn out pieces with affordable Hi quality essentials from Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters from $50, 100% European linen shirts, And, versatile, active wear. The best part. All quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands by partnering directly with top factories. Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman. And passes the savings onto us. Woo. Quince only works with factories. That use safe, ethical, And responsible manufacturing practices along with premium fabrics. And finishes. Guess What? I just ordered the Mongolian cashmere pullover. Why? Because it's cold outside, number one. Number two, I. Love me a hoodie because it makes my neck look a little thicker, because I've always had like a giraf neck. So when you see me in a hoodie, that's why I wear hoodies. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to quince.com/smartlist for free shipping on your order. And 365 day returns. That's QU I NC e.com/smartlist. To get free shipping, And 300 And 65 day returns, quince.com/smartlist


And. Now, back to the show. So, Sasha I would imagine that the thrill of acting And also the sort of the And And, the And, the social relevance, political relevance of, of some of your efforts was, was, was, was thrilling. Does it compare with the, the, the, just the pure acting thrill of, of being in a film that's directed by Mor Scorsese? was, was, was I mean? That's just one third of what you're doing when you're doing your other stuff. Ah Ah, was it? Can you compare the two of them? Are you drawn towards one versus the other? I mean I. Am I. Remember the first film I did was Talladega Nights. Yeah And. It was the first And Pre was been in Rick And.


I in And. And. Basically I. Remember Sean that there was a bed in the trailer. And. I'd never had a trailer beforehand because we'd always been in the back of a car. And I was like, Right. Why was there a bed? Somebody's accidentally put a bed in my room. And I go. No, that's What I. Go What. Am I gonna do with it. Sleep. You know, Yeah, Yeah, And. So I thought, Wow. This was actually an incredible gig. Yeah. But you know, when it's the other staff, it was I mean. It's much less stressful. Yeah. Although, you know, I just did a I just didn this show with Alfonso Koran. Yes. Let's talk about that.


That's coming on Apple. Well, We had like a 15 minute scene. Yeah Yeah with me. And, Kate Blanchet, they wanted to do in one take. Yeah. Mm. And And. That became pretty exhausting. And pretty Did you haven a passion for, for acting like the fricking Craft Yes. Of acting Ah. You know, I mean if it's good And, you're working with an incredible director, Yeah, then And, you are an incredible director, my friend Oh. I, Love you so much. No, you are, can I just say no, No, you can take your Your time. Let's do the remainder. This about Jason. But, But No, but Yeah then it's then It was, was great. But It's in different categories for you though. Yes. I mean it was not comparable. Yeah. Right, they're different things. Yes. No, no, because you're just doing the act.


You know, everything else was, how are We gonna get into the room? Right, what's the escape route? Ugh, who's that person? That Person's looking suspicious. Yeah. This person doesn't quite believe me. My fake ear was falling off my head. You know, Yeah, Right, And. Then your, are, you know, number eight in the thing was, was I was performance was this scene. Right, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah now are Saja. You, you know, I speak on behalf of millions of people that are fans of yours. Like I am like huge fan where you we're constantly waiting for your next thing. Where that, because you, you're, you're one of the few artists that, you know, combine Art, And, politics, And haven been so successful an all of those improvisational types of whatever you call them, magic trick, replay.


These Char Yeah, these characters, I. Obviously you can't tell us if you're What, it was you're working on, but are you, could We expect another character to pop up in a movie soon? Are you excited about that type of thing to do? That again, because on the, from the outside, I, I can't Wait Wait Wait short, The straight acting thing with, with Ugh keyboard, jet Yeah, I Can't Wait for, for those types of things again. Or are you done with that I Mean I. Think they are Yeah I mean the last one became so extreme. Yeah And. It was, you know, after that, you know, gun rally thing that I was talking about, Yeah I was essentially on the run. And I had a militia kind of following me. And We were going Right I was going from Safe House to Safe House for about four days.


That's the movie Yeah. Exactly. By the Way. I mean it's, that was Yeah. It kind of was the movie. Because, you know, you finished That that his song without militia Oh. That went really well, And. Then, you know, the escape itself was tough because We, were in an ambulance. Yeah Yeah we're surrounded by 30 guys trying to pull me out the ambulance. They pull open the door. You know, I'm struggling. But, but We can't get enough of that. We can't get enough of That. Yeah I mean no one's re you know, that's the behind the scenes stuff. That Right. At some point, there needs to be a behind the scenes movement. Yeah, And, We Shot, We, didn haven. We've got a bunch of footage over the last 25 years. But Yeah, that I think it became so crazy in the last one that you realize you've, you know, you've gotta be, there's a certain amount of skill, And preparation, but also gonna be lucky.


And, at some point, your luck runs out. Yeah Yeah, your luck runs out. Yeah, And. They just, the practicality of it, because it has been so successful for so long, this, this, this type of, yes. You know, again, for lack of a better term, ambush type of thing. Like, people, people know you. They, they'd love these films. Like millions, And, millions of people. haven seen them. You just can't sneak up on anybody anymore. Yes. Well, I think And just the danger element meant that I just didn't really wanna do it again. You know, I felt I had to do it for That election. Yeah I had to do it. I felt It was like, you know, I was terrified about Ah. Well, what's The name again? Let's not come off the gas just yet. Okay. Yes. We're, we're, we're not outta the woods yet.


Sasha Yeah still, still need you. That's true. Yeah. You know, I haven't I haven't asked you one fucking question. And. Ah. We're done. You haven We're we're finished with the time. No, I was got, I've got all these things all like highlighted. And, everything. It's Ah I. Apologize to the listener. We haven't done any legitimate Ah Ah journalism. Here. Let's, let's at least talk about disclaimer And working with Alfonso Coone, And, apple, And Ah, Kate Blanche I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's well, well, well deserved for your acting talents to be, you know, working with these people at the top of Ugh of the profession. So Ugh was haven. You seen It, all the Way through disclaimer.


I watched it for the first time in at Ah in Venice. Yeah And, I mean no one could believe That I hadn't watched It until then. And. I'm like, Yeah. The embarrassing thing was I was laughing at the jokes that was making It. There's not many But. you, it was quite embarrassing. You haven a premier watching yourself And. You are one of the only people laughing at jokes. And Then I I was like really moved by one of my performances. I was like near tit Yeah. And I realized, I'm just a complete narcissist, just looking Yeah. Sure. Just really moved by my own performance. Wait Wait. It was It Wasn't until Venice this year that you realized that Wow I never knew there was a connection between Ah Wow actors in movies.


And narcissism. No. And neither. I'll bet it's I'll bet. It's absolutely stunning. It's Ah Ah. It's actually, when was it come? It comes out October Or it came out. When Was it came out? October. When was it? October Yeah. When's this coming? October 11th. When was this coming out? October Yeah. It came out. October It came out. October 11th. Yeah October. It came out 11th. October 11th. It was amazing. It's Incredible. No I mean October. 11th It was, the weather was so great. That day was, That was a great, that was fantastic. Sasha, when, when do We get to Ah? Were you coming back to Los Angeles at any time soon? And We can all hang out. Out again. And. I'd love to like the Old days. Love to see You Yeah. Damnit I. Love Sean. You And Sean. It'd be lovely to meet you in the, in the flesh. I would love that too. I'm around. Just give a shout.


If you need a place to crash when you're in trouble in New York again. Yes. My place was yours. S great. If you don't mind, malicious coming to your door. Yeah. No. Are you kidding? Yeah. What. Do they look like You were really, really nice to Ah to say yes to this I know you don't do this a lot. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm awful at It. The the honest truth was I'm very bad at It. It's are, This was I. See you socially. Socially. It's a pleasure. But the Ah, the slight pressure with the No, no pressure. No, you, this s s great. This was fantastic. You're We by the Way moly. I can see your I. Don't know if you're doing this intentionally with your shirt. I've Sean glutes was seen Oh. yeah, he was got everything. Yeah Yeah. No. You've been working out looking very nice.


Was this was arms down What. your, Your, you're, are you doing this for a reason? This was for my pinup col Collect my pinup collection. Wow. Early short was I. Think this was my July for my calendar. Wow Wow. You really actually do look incredible Prison with our net. That's the calendar was was trying. Sasha, thank you so, so, so much. Nice. Thank you Yeah. You I love you a lot. Please come out I. Love You. And. No, seriously. I. Love you both. Sean. You seem very lovely. And. He's the best of the three of us. Miss you. Miss you Sasha. Oh a Pleasure. But these two, these two I do love I. Do love Yeah Love. We're trash compared to him. What. Do you love him? I. Love you Sasha. Even though I We don't know each other. I love you. You love me I. Feel affectionately I. Feel an instant warmth.


And. Oh. He was a little love thing. And Oh. yeah. Yeah Oh. yeah. Very charming. And Yeah. Lovely Ugh persona. You Just wanna pet him when you was Sean him. He totally does seem like that. You're Right. You're Not gonna sue me for saying that. Are you Okay Ca Monte strong on a Ah podcast? Loved it. Thank You buddy. Thank you And. Thank you And. Goodbye And. Enjoy the rest of your night. Thank You. No, thank you for agreeing to I. I. Can't Wait for disclaimer. Everybody. Check it out. Ugh. You know, I think It's honestly, I would say I. I thought it was excellent person. Yeah. We'll see you with the Emmys on that. T. All I was clown I. Hope they put, they should put That on the poster.


I think it's excellent. Social I I personally thought it was excellent by the Way We haven. Seen stuff that I've done. I was like, That was bad. I laughed. And I cried at myself. Would it'd be pretty fucking funny to haven a quote from one of the stars of the film. Just Said all of them. Kay Blanchet, k Blanche Ah, A guaranteed Emmy tour to four Kay Blanche, End of quote S great Kevin Klein, I Am in this And Oh. Kevin Klein's in It too. Kevin Klein's in it. He's actually fantastic. Isn't It I Love Oh? God I love him. I love It. Might see more from him. All. Enjoy the rest of your night. Thank you. see you. See soon, man. Loved everyone. Okay T Lou.


Thank you. see, bye bye. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye Pal. Bye bye. That's a great guest. Jay That was really, really great. Sasha Yeah, great job. JB I. Just love him. I Asha Barry Coen. Fuck he funny. He's got great stories. The one of the funniest guys, EV I mean He's up there with Sean. Hayes Will Annette And. Will Ferrell. In my world. He's funny. Like they just can't I get in an instant. Good mood when I'm Well, nobody, I was gonna say to him, nobody does I mean. It sounds so cliche to say it, but it's true. Nobody does. Nobody does what he does. Nobody's ever done what he does. No one's got the intelligence, the balls or the acting talent to do what he does. Yeah. It's like, it's like, it's like a Peter combo.


Seller's Ugh, which was his hero by the Way. No. Really? We didn't Even get Into That. Yeah Was that his his. It's like a, that's his idol version of that in real life when he goes, but I mean. But applying it To the real world. Yeah. That's What. I'm saying Yeah. Right, which was so, was such an interesting Yeah. It's really cool. I I never met him before. He just seems so Oh. I'd love to hang out with him. Yeah Helix. He'd love to hang out. Be So funny. Raid at a party. Ugh. I. I was I. Get I. Just start to hover. And And. He's eventually gotta walk Way from me. 'cause I just put in too much time. Yeah, He seems hyper intelligent. He was Oh. yeah. Ca, Cambridge. Educated. Oh. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Of course, Yeah not a dingdong. Speaking of ding-dongs. What's for lunch today?


Sean. Ah. I. We're gonna do a French dip. And with french fries. It's always, why was it always something special? Like What do you mean was something it's got, it's always got something with sauce or Yeah, like some kind of like really electric flavor to it. How about just like some sort of sustenance. Arent you amazed at how Fast I know my answers whenever you ask What I had or What. I'm going to haven. Well, We're cutting into it. Right now. Right, you can probably smell it. Right. Where? Where's It? It's two o'clock in The East coast. Where's It? Probably smell It. Yeah Was It already. It's just waiting on the table. Where it it from? No, I'm gonna order the second night. Ugh. There's a place a a block. Way. I. Can't remember the name of it. Ah. Don't say the name. Someone will try to poison you. Yeah. No there.


Ah. I. Can't remember Ugh, but it's Block Wait. Okay, It only takes a second to get Yeah. It's so good. Wow. Wow. It's so good. It's one of the best in the city. You Know what I'm gonna haven? What? Nothing. Yeah. Because Ah, you know what? You Should haven? Because We haven. I, because I've got this. Ah was stupid. Ah level of discipline about Yeah because of my passion for my character. My strung out I. Get it I know you do I. Know you're joking. But it's true. And. It's very admirable. And. And was so tired. was I I? Can't it? It was not healthy. Way to do It. I know. But what else? I'm tired of being thin. But Wednesday, that's what I'm saying. Wednesday after Wednesday was over. And, you wrap your beautiful show. And amazing show that everybody's gonna go ape shit about Yeah. Thursday. No. Wednesday or Thur. No. Yeah Wednesday. I wrap. So Thursday. Thursday, our dinner.


Thursday. Can it be something super fattening? Yeah I Asking We haven to haven. So I'm not, because We haven lost. Wait. Ugh. I'm on a new thing, which was, it's all about Oh. It Ah. Eating. Eating more And. Eating the Right thing. And. That's what I'm talking about. Losing Wait. Unhealthily was not good. You can lose Wait. And also do it in a healthy Way. Oh. yeah. And look like this. Or look How you doing? So then what am I gonna haven? Thursday night AM was gonna haven steak. You know, steak, Okay, Yeah, Yeah, a lot of steak. And veggies. No starch, no bread, no nothing like that. Why Can't you? Can't you do pizza? Can you do pizza? You can haven a little bit. No, no, no, man. A little bit of starch at lunch. Ah a tiny bit. Like a little bit of maybe a sweet potato. A couple pieces, maybe a little bit of rice.


Like That. Much Yeah. A couple Yeah. That's It. Yeah, you gotta release a valve every once in a while. So you want a little tiny little bite of pizza. Sean. Go ahead. One sheet. One sheet meal a week, one meal To keep your metabolic rate going. Right, Yeah. Yeah. One. But it's not about, here's the other thing, you don't, it's not fast metabolism or slow metabolism. It turns out hot or cold. And. What you need to do to keep your metabolism hot was you need to feed it. Ugh with the Right stuff at the Right time of day, I went. And saw this guy. Unbelievable. Yeah. Ugh. Unreal. And. He didn. We did Was a guy you're dating or Oh? A nutritionist. You mean I? We're just Sean each other. He I mean. I. I. I met him. I met him. Right behind.


You know the party store on Sunset? Sure. Ah. So Yeah. So I, And, Oh. I. Know the guy. And. I hear. He said, I'm gonna be in a Corolla. Yeah. And. He And. He Ah. No. Anyway, he flashed. How many times did he flash your brights? What was the, what was the code? Well, it was Morris Code And. I thought. He said, help And it. And. It was Ah. Hello. It was, can you help? Can you help me with my pants? was what it was. He was just a, he was just a, you know, he was just a person. He was Ugh like, Ah. Bystander. Bystander Oh. Least well just commit to It.


Just do Someone's hungry. Don't It Was up. Try try to do It without going up on That. Okay. Okay this time. Okay. Okay. So the guy I. Oh. yeah. Well I know that guy. That. You met Behind the party. Oh. yeah. Store. Oh. Yeah. He was just a regular bike bite Stander. Yeah, not as good, but Ah. Bye bye. Bye everybody. Bye. Smart. Nice Smart. Less. SmartLess was 100% organic. And Artisanally, handcrafted by Bennett Barco.


Michael Grant, Terry And, Rob arm, JF Smart less


Net credit was Here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes. And get a decision as soon as the same day. If approved applications are typically funded, the next business day or sooner. Loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner Banks. And service by net credit application subject to review And approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.