
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Life moves fast and your ride should do more than just keep up meet the BMWX three, an SUV that's spacious, refined, and ready for your next adventure. The X three is packed with intuitive tech and feels just as at home on city streets as it does off the beaten path. And with a performance that's equal parts sporty and smooth, it does more than just move you forward. It turns a drive into an adventure. To learn more about the X three visit BMW USA dot com.


I think it's really important when brands acknowledge cultures and Macy's is no exception. This month, Macy's is celebrating Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. You can discover a range of a API owned brands available at Macy's. And for limited time, you can show love to a API scholars by rounding up in store or donating online. The money raised supports student success and access to higher education. Celebrate the API community at Macy's. This may visit macy's dot com slash purpose to learn more.


You know what the key is to these cold opens? You just start talking and stuff. Just tumbles outta the mouth. That's yeah. Halfway interesting. Go ahead. Will give it, give it a shot. Okay. Just start. Just start yammering. Oh man. Tax season this year really got me in knots, but I That's pretty good. Thanks, Man. That's pretty good stuff, man. You Think that's good? Wait till this all new SmartLess. Nice. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Smart. Less smart, less Will.


Where are you? I'm at home now. I know. Why did you switch places? Because I was at my office. 'cause they were doing work here. Oh, that's right. Oh, that's right. Remember the office, Sean? Yeah. That was extraordinary Experience. Yeah. That last, that lasted for just one recording and now he's away from that, that that work site. Ugh. Yeah. You know, it's so funny. You just have such a funny thing. Don't make me go deep on this. Your thing about work. You think that you go to office. Hey, I'm actor j I'm, my new role is Work. Look at us again. Look, I grew up, I did everything I could to not do that. Right? Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? You nailed it. You don't wanna sit behind a desk. Yeah, yeah.


Right. That's my dad. I mean, God bless him. Yeah. We all that, but we all sit behind desks during the day. Yeah, well, I mean, you do right? We did everything. No Will no me will sits on the couch and he watches the Toronto maple leaves wind. I sure Do, man. That's all he does. Oh, look at That. I'll tell you who I tell you who captures the camera real well. Is that Brendan Shanahan? He Sure does, doesn't he? You know when they, that guy, when they, when they point that camera at him up in that power box? Yeah. Oh, I know. He's stuck there looking like, looking like the boss boss. He's He's turned into a real silver fox, hasn't he? Yeah. Cameron loves Him, by the way. Silver fox, by the way. He's gonna, he's gonna call me and be like, what do you mean silver? Well, you've got gray hair.


Yeah. Salt, pepper, Fox. He's a silver fox in a power box. I know. Hey, how about the time that he tried to teach Sean? Sean asked Shandy when he was in town last year to teach him how to fight. Yeah. At the Beverly Hills Hotel out the back door. And, and Sean went at him. Yes. And Chaney's like, okay, well what a, and, and Chaney's Laughing in two seconds. Yeah. In two seconds he got, got me in a headlock. And he, Yeah. And Sean was saying, wait, aren't you supposed to take this off me? Isn't the shirt supposed to come off? I thought his shirts against skins. I thought we were Doing shirts and skins. I'm always skins By the way, in high school, didn't you? Fear Well, hey, will in high school, didn't you, Sean? That hurts. Hurts. Oh, on board now. Now you're on board. Thank you, Sean. In high school, didn't it freak you out or junior high when peop when you, the coach would say, okay, we're gonna do shirts and skins and like in basketball, whatever.


I would always, I didn't wanna take my shirt off. I I didn't wanna take my Shirt off. I I was always afraid of that. You know, It's traumatizing. Why do people, why do they do that to kids? And then they made us take showers and like 12, 13 years old. I'm like, what? I don't do that. I know. It's So, I will likes walking around with his kid off just kind of Shaking This chunk All over the place. I never went to, I I never stepped foot into a, into a gym until I was about 24. So I was never like Oh, really? Yeah. Ever, ever. Yeah. But you played Sports. But I played sports, but I was, I I just never, and then, but I went to boarding school, So I, I had to take showers, you know, starting at age 12 When I was boarding school. Yeah. It's, it's so, like I can with other, Yeah. Yeah.


It was, it's weird. I went to camp once, I think I said this and, and we had a line up outside a music camp. Blue Lake Fine Arts camp in Michigan. Huh? And not a sports camp. No. Huh. Hang on, lemme just, lemme just adjust everything I know about you. And, and they made us line up outside to take a shower in front of, and, and one by one we had to take a shower and you had to like, take your clothes off in front of all of these kids, your peers. And it was so awful, Sean. When I was, when I was in seventh grade, age 12, I went from living with my folks to a place where they had four showers per side in a big, huge open room with no divider.


Yeah. That's weird. Jesus. For me. Yeah. Torture. Yeah. Yeah. It's awful. It was. And by the way, the, by the time I got in the camp thing and by the time I got up there, all the hot water was gone. So I, I'd take, I was taking a cold shower and I couldn't breathe because it was So cold. If I'm being honest, you probably needed it. You're Showering with all those dudes. I mean, that probably helped Just get things, anything, Get things back to normal. Anything that calm me down. Yeah. Oh my God. Well you got some electrolytes going there, Sean, this morning. I do. Yeah. Yeah. What happened to the milk? The, did the cow dead? No, I had milk already.


Oh. Are you chasing it with some electrolytes? Good luck on the toy. Toy. What Are you? Jesus. You're so Obsessed. Oh my god. With people's be Well, I just, I don't, he's creating a bomb. That electrolyte is gonna cut right through that milk like a knife. Is it Really? Yeah. Is it really? Yeah. Dude, Whenever I see people eating, I'm not thinking get yourself over a toilet within the next 60 minutes. I'm Never thinking Let's wrap, wrap this Up. Whenever I see people eat, I'm never thinking about man that's really gonna come back to haunt them on the toilet. It just doesn't occur to Me. You know, when I see clips of that hot sauce talk show, that's all I think about. I know. Same. What are people doing? Same. Yeah. You outta your mind. No. They should do it from a toilet.


Yeah. You won't catch me on that show. No, of course not. Not once Uhuh. No, no, no. Of course he will. Whose Guest is it today? Narcoleptic Guest or something will listen to it. Well, he's, he's a great guest and I was, I was about to get to it and then I was thinking about every, you talking about shitting everywhere. But our guest, the only thing he, he hasn't shit everywhere. All he is done is he's scored everywhere. This guy has been making everybody nuts. That's another word for it. He has been un Ron Jeremy. He's been making people Shit himself. He makes me shit myself laughing. He's so fucking funny. He's such a great dude. I had the pleasure of kind of getting to know him over the last couple months. He's been very generous as I was going through the process on our film.


And he, he has just been, his specials have been unbelievably well received. He's maybe the biggest touring comic out there. Wow. His new hi. His show Tires is about to start second season on June 5th. He's a great writer. He's this incredible standup. He's the funniest dude. Guys. It's Shane Gillis. Ah, Shane Gillis. Shane Gillis Shane here on SmartLess. Good morning. Where? Where There he is. Hello. I I love you. This is, I this is so easy. Easy. Oh, Nice. Easy. Yeah. So funny. Hi Shane. Hi Sha. Hi Sha. Where do we find you today? Are you we at home? I am at home. I'm in Austin, Texas. Alright. And how is it in Austin? It's all, It kind of sucks. It's hot in humid, a lot Hot already.


Oh fuck. I don't love it. I don't love it. Yeah, it's hot. It's been hot. It's gonna be hot until December. Wow. It's, It's the one of the worst places I've ever lived. I Now do you ever, do you ever, do you ever jump in that river that they call a lake? Yes. And cool off a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. That's very nice. Why do they call it a lake? It does make, I'm not sure. It snakes around like a river. Right? It it's literally the Colorado River. I don't know. They call it a lake. I have no idea. Oh, I didn't know that. Is that A I didn't know that either. Yeah. Is that Something that happens down there? Yeah, It's just the Colorado River. Yeah. And it doesn't even look like a lake. It's just a river. Yeah. There's Nothing lake about it at all. You could Throw a rock across It. Wait, so Shane, do you, is it, you live there by choice.


I mean like you, it sounds like you hate it, so it sounds like Be forced. Like is there somebody off camera with a gun? Yeah, Joe Rogan. He's right here. He's got a gun To my head. He's down there, right? Yeah, he's down here and he opened a club here and it was either for a comedian, it's either New York, LA or that was always the only two options. And then he opened a club here so you can, you know, oh, that's great. You can evade some taxes and do standup here. Right. Right. Now he was his standup. Right. And then I remember he was on a, the, one of the greatest shows ever. News Radio. So he was an actor for a minute. Right. But he did love that standup, didn't he? He's He's still doing, I mean does, he's done standup the entire time. And remember Fear Factor? He did Fear Factor that used to watch. That's Right. Did Fear Factor. So, so Shane, so Shane, I, I first met Shane at Joe's Club in Austin.


Oh, no way. Yeah. Went down there and, and he was kind enough and gracious enough to let me have twice have like 10 minutes of his time on stage. Alright. Shane, give us a review on Will. No, It doesn't. You Don't have to. Yeah, no, I wanna hear it Right now. No, it's gonna be, will doesn't want to hear it 'cause it's flattering. Well, that's what I thought. I was like, so they asked me to help write on this, write some for the movie. And I was like, if I write any material that's good. I I need to, you're gonna keep it because I have nothing. Sure. So, So I was like, the the only way to do it is just to actually do standup. So he came down and we did standup and I was like, he's gonna fucking bomb. This is a lot harder than he think. And he was Yeah. So naturally funny right away I was in the back of the room like, God damnit, It's kind easy.


He does have will. You do have that that natural and I mean, and not as a pejorative, the the sort of this ham gene, right? Like you are comfortable with the spotlight on you. You Stuff your ham down your fucking rope. You're Comfortable giving a toast. You're comfortable. And I, I don't have that. I, I just, I know don't, I don't like the spotlight on me. I don't like a lot of attention. Will. You're comfortable with it. And it puts puts the audience at ease. It's, It's, yes. And it's a infectious, it's a talent. It's a gift. It's a talent. Shane, you have it too. Oh, Well Shane. Shane's got, here's the difference. I I, I hemmed my way and hawed my way through it. Shane, getting up there is so natural and, and good. And I know you've been working on it and you, and you've crafted it, but you've got it.


You've got such a great way about you on stage and you kind of, you bring, what I love is you kind of bring the audience in with you and you laugh and, and, and you, I don't know, you kind of like, you don't really like take sides. You kind of like, you, you play to a wide, you play the different parts of what people, and you get to kind of just what's funny. So no matter where you land on any subject, you're like, you gotta admit that's funny. Whether you're talking about politics or whatever it is. And I'm sure that that's not, I'm sure it's, that's something that's a skill, right? Like that's, to be able to do that, that's something you kinda work on. I mean, I, I think it's kind of, I mean, yeah, it's a, it's a skill I guess.


But it's also like, that's kind of how I feel most of the time, you know? Right. Like, I don't, I don't like picking a side on, I don't know, publicly picking a side on an issue typically comes back to make you look like a fucking idiot. Yeah. I dunno. I mean, unless it's like a glaring thing that you should support whatever. Yeah. But I, I wanna go back to the Austin thing by the, so the first show we went up and it was fine. This second show we did like an hour later, it was great. And it was, It was really frustrating how good you were at it. Oh, with Will? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And he was reading a script. Funny. Well, It's, he was using and it was still funny. He is using your material Though thing. No, he wasn't. They, they did it themselves.


In fact, I read the material first and I was like, I don't think this is gonna fucking work. So wait, so what, what, what type of, what type? I Didn't wanna say anything. What, What was Will's? What was Will's style? Was he like telling stories or was he kind of going joke to joke to joke? It was, it was more storytelling. But it was, it was exactly how I like the standup. It was, it was stories with jokes. With jokes within it. Which was, do You remember any of it, Willie? Or have you deleted the files? Can you give us a taste? No. Well a lot of it, as Shane knows, he read it because a lot of it is stuff that we use in the film. So we're working on it. So it's various stages of Yeah, because we didn't say it. This is the film that's come that you just shot and that's coming out later this year.


Year, Yeah. What's it Calwell the film. Is this thing on? Is This thing on? Yeah. Is this thing on? We can get that on a later date. When, when I'm the guest on the show. Yeah. Right. Are you, are you gonna book yourself? No sir. Go ahead. No, go ahead Shane. Sorry. No, there we were laughing. I was just at the cellar this week and we were laughing. 'cause there's a comedian there. His name's Will Sance and Will's playing a character on stage and after the show he goes on with the comedian and ask questions about the set. And I think he took the set very seriously and was like, man, I'm really sorry you're going through all that. Oh Really? He did. That's great To script. You idiot. Yeah, he did the first time, the first time I did New Joke Monday over there around the corner with him.


I, and he comes up on stage and he asks you questions and he was like, Ooh. Like Shane said, he was like, ah, it sounds really rough. And I, I just kind of answered him as if it was all real. And he is like, hang in there buddy. Yeah, yeah. And we will be right back.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. Put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. Get it. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, and did I say job title yet? So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


There's a lot to navigate in life and your ride should be able to match your speed. Meet the BMWX three, powerful, practical, and refined. It's the SUV that was built to keep up the pace no matter what the day brings. And it really embraces contradictions, turning heads with its exterior design while on the inside, giving you all the space you need to take on whatever comes next. It's packed with innovative tech like BMW's, digital Key Plus, and the intelligent personal assistant, which makes every drive smarter, smoother, and more connected than ever. And no matter the road, the X three adapts in real time. So you can take on mountains, back roads, or even leave the beaten path behind whether you're navigating parts unknown or just weaving through rush hour. It's sporty handling makes every drive feel like an adventure. So from the daily grind to going off the grid and everything in between, you can do it all in the BMWX three. Check out b bmw USA dot com to learn more.


You've booked your flights, you've booked your place to stay. Now what adventure doesn't need to begin when you arrive with Get Your Guide Planning is as much of an experience as the trip itself Get. Your Guide is an online platform where you can discover and book a range of activities in the US and around the world. Choose from over 150,000 experiences, including guided tours, sightseeing excursions, adventure activities, museum tickets, and so much more. Get your Guide brings the thrill of discovery to every moment leading up to your trip. No matter where you're headed. Get your guide is the best way to connect with your destination. With locally vetted and expertly curated experiences, there's something for everyone. Whether it's musty, iconic attractions, or unexpected under the radar gems, it's awesome. With flexible booking options, mobile tickets, and millions of verified reviews, you'll find everything you need to simplify trip planning and book the best things to do in thousands of destinations. Discover and book experiences for your next trip@getyourguide.com. That's get your guide.com. And now back to the show.


Wait, Shane, So I, so doing what you do for a living, do you wake up and go to sleep constantly thinking of like, I gotta, like, that was funny today. This is funny. Well, I gotta write that down. Like, do you ever get out of that or you were always in that mode? Yeah, I would say, yeah. Although, I don't know, I used to be a lot better at it. Now I'm kind of just, I should be like that and I'm not. Okay. I gotta work on that. I gotta go back to only thinking about standup. Okay. For real. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, otherwise I, I don't know. I you feel like you're not coming up with any new material. Well then how do you do what you do? Do you, do you set, you set aside some time to really focus on, on work?


No, I don't really, I don't really write that much. I just kind of, I go, this could be a good idea and then I go on stage and try it and if I get it, wow. Great. Well, So you just figure it out on stage and it's all straight improv that you haven't really worked on any of it. No, I mean you, yeah. You do that for like, like I'll do, if I did standup tonight, I would do basically 10 minutes that I know I'm, I know, but I just know every word to it. And then I'd maybe try five minutes and see what happens and probably abandon it. And then have one of my friends in like four or five months go, Hey, that was a funny idea, then I'll try it again. And so when you're putting together an hour, like to do, to do a Netflix special, like, you know, are you, is that something like that they set the date for and they go, Hey man, we need you to deliver this special by this date.


And so then that's when you kind of hone in and start working on actual stuff or I think they do that sometimes. I told them I didn't really, I, I wouldn't want to date on it. Maybe 2026. 'cause I got, I got to, right now I'm doing arenas and I don't think the best way to work an hour out is in an arena because it's just, it's just different. I don't know. I think I'll do arenas for maybe the next, for the rest of this year and then go down back to clubs and really try to focus on hammering out the hour that I'm doing right now. I don't wanna, rush was special. When did you, when did you start? I love, I mean you've got so much good stuff that you talk about growing up. I love all that stuff about gonna Notre Dame games with your family.


Yeah, that's my favorite. When you guys get in the van together and all that stuff and you've got, you've got such rich and your cousins and your, and your, you know, your family. You've just got such great rich stuff. When did, what, what was the first moment this, this is like the question, like how did you start in comedy, but like, when did you start going like, oh, the stories that I'm telling about my family or the shit that's going on. People are laughing enough that I should go to a club and tell it in front of other people. Like what was that? Yeah, I was, I was washing dishes at my friend's restaurant and I always thought I was funny and I just had no idea how to get into standup. And then one of the, one of the cooks was like, I'm gonna go do open mic at the Harrisburg Comedy Zone tonight.


And I was like, oh, you can just do standup. And he was like, yeah. So I went and I watched and I thought everyone sucked. And I was like, I can do that. And then I went back every week for like two months just watching. And then I finally got on stage and I fucking bombed. I was like, I don't have to write any material, I'm just funny. I just Got up there and Couldn't talk. It was crazy how bad it was. Right, right. And yeah, then stopped for a while after that traumatic experience. But I always still wanted to do it. And then eventually I went back and really applied myself and tried and did it. And was there, were you, were you, were you studying to do anything, anything else? Like, was was this always the, the career plan or were you, did this, did this derail something, something else?


No, it wasn't really great. I was at Westchester University in Pennsylvania. I was studying to become a history teacher. Oh yeah. And wow. The first, I remember the first show I ever did, I fucking, it was a road the first time I ever went on the road, it was a hotel in outside of Pittsburgh, in Mars, Pennsylvania. And it was in like a hotel lobby. And I bombed so badly that the club took me aside and was like, what are you doing with your life? And I was like, I'm a college student. I go, I'm studying to be a history teacher. He was like, why don't you just do that Instead of Stand up? I was like, I Was like, alright man.


I kind of took it to heart. Were You, were you done with your set yet? Yeah, Exactly. Hey, it was, I swear to God it was in between shows. I still had another, I still had Another set. That's Really funny. I had to go up there like this might be it. This is my retirement. You know, who loves history? Our host Will Arnett. Yeah. Specifically World War II history. What's your favorite? You like that? Oh yeah. You, the, the, the European or the He Knows it all. He knows it all man. Yeah, he Right Shane. You know it all. I, well, I don't know. I, I like World War ii, I like American Civil War is great. Yeah. Right. Have you seen, have you seen both the Civil War documentary and the World War II documentary that Ken Burns did? Yeah, I love 'em. I love 'em both. They're, yeah.


Yeah. I like the silver, the Civil War one I like better. So powerful. The West Vietnam is great. Yes. His Vietnam documentary was great. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because I didn't know shit about Vietnam. I remember What'd you say about the Ken Burns di documentary? You said that, that it's literally kryptonite for women. Yeah. Yeah. You put it on, they're gonna fall asleep. I remember you used to talk fight with the other thing that really made me laugh. He used to talk about that dude Shelby Foot, that historian and the way that he would Oh yeah. Well, Right. I did that. I did a bunch of Ken Burns material at my SNL monologue and everyone was kinda like, what the fuck is he talking about? That Was, that was, that Was hilarious.


Was It Was recent. It was recent, right. Yeah. Every time I, my monologue doesn't go great on SNL. I'm over two on those things. I love, I loved it. I love it too. I like it. Look, I like it and I'm having fun up there. But it was, it was Tate McCrae was the musical guest, so the audience was like 20-year-old. Yeah. Chicks just in the front. And I'm up there talking about fucking Shelby Foot and Ken Civil War. Right. And they had no idea. Literally just some ogre walked out onto the stage and talked about Shelby Foot. They were probably scared. You Literally referenced the Battle of Fredericksburg Notre Hey.


So with such a, with such a drastic, like, are you happy with where you're at? Like, is this the, like you find yourself at the top of your career in this particular field age, At such drastic Age, drastically different than this other path that you thought you would be on? Like, have you, have you adapted? Like are you digging it? Right? It's, I don't know, you guys probably know what it's like. It's kind of uncomfortable. There's definitely some weird parts to it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's pretty uncomfortable, you know, with the imposter syndrome and depression and all that. But, you know, I just, I just drink a lot, so that helps. Yeah. Yeah. That'll round the edges.


That really fucking makes things easier, you know, when you Make up. But I, but, but like, we all have, we all have the option to just sort of get off the highway and like, you know, hide, I guess. And, you know, everyone forgets about you after a few years anyway, so we could find anonymity if we wanted it. Right. Like, Did you have that, did you have that moment? I remember when, you know, you, you take in your case standup gigs or specials or whatever. In my case it was a sitcom. And you, this guy, We love that show. It was, and the first time that it started, I took it 'cause it was a job, right. You auditioned, you just, you're just looking for a job and then you have no idea what's gonna happen.


You're just looking, Gonna feed yourself. And then you become famous. It's like, Oh, by accident almost. Right? You just kinda wanna work as an actor. It's not like, I wanna be famous, I just wanna work. Yeah. And then it happens and then in the moment, and I remember thinking, I'm like, oh, this is what, this is what I read about. I read about this is what I watch TV and this happens. So, so did that happen to you in that mo do you remember that moment where you're like, oh shit, this is what it feels like to kind of become successful? Yeah, there's a co Yeah, there was definitely some moments along the way. I mean, hosting SNL when I did that was, that was, that was one of those moments. 'cause I, I had gotten fired from the show before and I was like, right. Oh, that's right.


I just wanted, I forgot. Yeah. For four days. Yeah. Oh my God. Really? For four days. Yeah. I remember seeing when, when they announced that you were gonna host and it must've been kind of surreal considering the history you had back. Yeah, it was, I don't know, but you did like, it was like, oh great, we're gonna go through this again. There was pressure. 'cause once they announced it, everyone's like, fuck, fuck him. Don't let him back that. And it's like, I was fine without it. I was, you know, I I'm doing all right. But yeah, it was still awesome and I was so happy they let me back on. And those people, the everybody there has been, they've been awesome. But it was funny, back to the original, the question was those moments I was with my friend Dan Soder, he's a, he's one of the best comedians check out.


Super funny Dude. His name's Dan. So I love that dude. He's unbelievably funny. Yeah. But he was like one of the first people to take me on the road. And then he and I were doing a sh an an arena. We were doing like the Cleveland Cavaliers Arena. And I was standing in the tunnel before I went out there. And I was, I looked at him and I was like, dude, I really just wanted to do a one nighter at the local comedy club. I thought that was the ceiling. I don't know what the fuck is. Hotel Lobby would be nice How I got here. Yeah. Right. This is going, this has gotten outta hand. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And Did you have, and, and so you have that moment before, and have you, do you still have moments on stage where it kind of out of body where like you, you, you land a joke and the place is going crazy and you're standing, and I'm sure you're caught up in it, but you go, you look out and there are literally tens of thousand people of of people laughing and going like, holy fuck.


Yeah. Usually that happens when the joke doesn't land. Yeah. The stylist is even louder, fucking 20,000 silent people. And you're standing there going, oh fuck. That's much More powerful. Yeah. That's a real powerful moment. Well, you know, one of the interesting things about that I found in the, in the, in the, just the short amount of time that I did it, just in the small clubs over the, in the underground, in, in, at the, the Cellar Rather. And at, and the one time in Austin is that, like, I went, we went one night and we were working on something and we went to the cellar in that main room downstairs, and it went great. We're like, holy shit, that really worked. And then we went around the corner to the underground 20 minutes later and it was like, pretty good.


It was the same material. Yeah. Deliver. And it was pretty good, right. It was a big room. And then we went to the Fat Black Pussycat next door, and it was, let's Keep it clean. Soly bombed. Oh. And I remember at the time, my buddy Bradley was there, and my buddy Bob, who you met, and they were in the back and they were dying laughing because laughing literally the same material that 30 minutes ago had killed silence. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's the best feeling in the world. Watching one of your friends bomb. There's nothing better. Yeah. It's the most fun possible thing. But yeah, that happens. And it happens. But what's crazy, and, and, and that feeling was of which was wa was like, oh, you're, it's just you, there's nowhere to hide.


You can't do, you're just up there. You can't just go, you can't start crying and drop the microphone and run off stage. You know what I mean? Well, but, but you could talk about that you guys, the, the, the, because like, I think an actor can ruin a good script and they can also, you know, make a bad script. Good. Just based on performance. Whether, whether it's good performance or bad performance. Do you find that it's the same way with, with, with, with standup, like in your case, will that you had the same material, three different places. How much of it do you think was the audience? Or, or was it you in the different way in which you were telling a, a joke? I, I don't know. I don't have enough experience to, to really answer that in that moment.


I have to blame the audience just to maintain my self-esteem. But, but, but Shane Shane, You have a lot more years of experience. I mean, what do you, what do you think it is? Like, are there bulletproof jokes, you know, that like any, you know, to get 'em back There should be, and you think you, you have one, like a good example is The Cellar's a perfect example. 'cause it's like four different rooms. And so like, I'll, I would do, there was one night I did the Village Underground, which is a great room downstairs. It's one of my favorite rooms in the country. But I killed, I was doing, it was crazy. Hell, I, I couldn't believe how good it was. And then I was on next upstairs. So I literally walked off stage and walked on stage upstairs.


And in your head you're like, oh, I just, you, you go on with the same confidence you just had from Momentum. Yeah. Where you're like, this crowd's wait till they fucking see this. The first joke doesn't work and you're just immediately crushed. And so it's, it's kind of a mix of the crowd. And you, you, you went up there kind of fucking arrogant. And then as soon as they fucking shut you down, you're like, I just shut down completely. And then at the end of my set, I did like a fucking Trump joke. And they all laughed. And I was like, fuck you guys. You guys hated me this whole time. You don't have to laugh now. I hate you guys. We'll be right back.


Well, as you probably noticed, summer is on its way in big time. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair. Wayfair's. Huge selection of outdoor essentials will help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more. You see, Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your summer home goals with endless inspiration for every space and budget, including the outdoors. Plus you can get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, outdoor dining sets, and more, all of it ship free. So get your outdoor space ready today so that you can enjoy it all season long. The way that I am, I love the convenience of Wayfair 'cause I can get everything, everything that my home needs during the warm weather season. I needed like a little couch, sort of a loveseat, like a two-seater outdoor thingy and absolutely perfect. They had all this stuff I needed in the, the side table and the little sort of, I don't know if you call it a coffee table, if it's outdoor, but it's still, it's, you get the idea, the table that sits in front of the couch. That's what I got. Got it all at Wayfair, all at one place. Massive selection. And it was so easy. Shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


There's a lot to navigate in life. And your ride should be able to match your speed. Meet the BMWX three, powerful, practical, and refined. It's the SUV that was built to keep up the pace no matter what the day brings. And it really embraces contradictions, turning heads with its exterior design while on the inside, giving you all the space you need to take on whatever comes next. It's packed with innovative tech like BMW's, digital Key Plus, and the intelligent personal assistant, which makes every drive smarter, smoother, and more connected than ever. And no matter the road, the X three adapts in real time. So you can take on mountains, back roads, or even leave the beaten path behind, whether you're navigating parts unknown or just weaving through rush hour. Its sporty handling makes every drive feel like an adventure. So from the daily grind to going off the grid and everything in between, you can do it all in the BMWX three. Check out b bmw USA dot com to learn more.


I love my Helix mattress. I just love it. Here's the backstory. Helix offers a variety of mattresses that are designed to fit your unique sleep needs. So whether you're a side sleeper or you need extra cooling or want something more supportive, Helix has you covered Helix really makes it easy to find the mattress that helps you finally get the rest that you've been looking for, which is what I was looking for. I was a waking up in the middle of the night guy and I couldn't figure it out until I got my Helix mattress. And it is just, it totally changed my sleep. I mean, think about it, a third of our life is sleeping. Why wouldn't you do everything you can to make your sleep experience the best experience? You go to Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess, you are gonna get 27% off site-wide plus free bedding bundle with any lux or elite mattress order. This is exclusive for listeners of SmartLess. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 27% off site wide. Again, I'm telling you, I am a customer. I sleep on a Helix mattress. It has changed my sleep Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess. And now back to the show.


Are you doing any acting at all? Have you, how's that? Well, he is got his show. He's got a second season of his show tires that he created. Oh, Great. Okay. Gotcha. How do you like that? Where, where the words you've gotta fit the words as opposed to the words have to fit you when you're doing standup? I, I don't mind it. I, I really like acting, especially on tires. 'cause that's just me and my friends and it's all just our friends. So we can kind of fuck around and you don't really have, you know, you can improv a little on that. Gotcha. I do have some kind of real acting coming up in a couple weeks and I'm, I'm pretty nervous about that. We'll see how that goes. Oh, can you tell us what it is? Not That my show's not real.


I don't know if I can tell You So I Okay, No worries. But that's, but I, but it's, it's, but it's, Yeah, Probably can't. It's material. It's material that you haven't written and you can't improvise. So you've gotta like, study these lines, learn these lines and play your character in such a way where it makes sense that these lines come outta that mouth. Right. I mean, like, it's a different Yes. And it's a, it's a serious director. Yeah. It's scary. Yeah. And it's with real actors and that's gonna be Oh yeah. Oh boy. I'm not, I mean, not real act. I'm not like shitting on my friends. Yes, you are. Yeah. You're, yeah. Yeah. And it is deserve, no, this one's real. It's not that bullshit. What does your, what does your family think about, could you talk about your family sometimes in your, in your standup and you, and, and, and you're obviously really close to 'em.


What are they, what's their reaction been to all of it? Are they like caught up in the whirlwind? Do the, are they, are they freaked out? Yeah, it took them, it took them a while. They, yeah. They weren't on board for a long time. And then especially early, like I, I did a, a YouTube special. It was like the first thing I put out. And in it, I talk about my sister and her addiction. They're like, I talk about my sister doing heroin on a YouTube special. And she was like, what the fuck? I was like, trust me, Trust me. It's gonna work for us. Hang, Trust me. It's gonna pay off for me. Yeah. It's gonna pay off for me. Right. Oh my God. No. She got an apartment and a Chevy Cruz out of it.


She's all right. Okay. Sure. Sure. Chevy Cruz. There you go. How do you like life on the road? How do you, like, you know, what, what is that like from a social standpoint? You know, I'm sure you're not meeting a lot of new friends out there, you know, like what's dating like and all that kind of stuff? Or are you married? I'm not married. I have a girlfriend. She lives here with me in Austin. She comes on the road sometimes if it's, if it's like a cool venue. Yeah. She'll come, like, this weekend I'm going to, tomorrow I gotta go to Knoxville, Tennessee. And then Birmingham, Alabama. So I'm, I think she's gonna sit this one out. Okay. She's Not coming. How do you get your, how do you get, because when you're not in the mood, you know, you're set to go on at a certain time.


It's kinda like Broadway or theater or whatever. It doesn't, you can't have a headache. You can't have a stomach ache. You can't, like, you have to go on, you have to deliver. Right. So how do you, how do you get by that? Like, how do you prepare yourself Salts, if not Feeling salt? And Jason also has a follow up question for sure. What happens when you have to take your shit, depending on what you eat? Jason, we'll get to that in a second. Because if you have an emptied, you know, you got, He's, the shit goes away right away. It does the adrenaline. The adrenaline of the standup, the shit goes away. Yeah. The headache goes away. Yeah. The nausea, like, 'cause I've done shows, a lot of shows hung over and I've been like, oh, this is gonna be terrible. And then as soon as you get on stage it, it cures it. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't that interesting?


Other than one, I had one show, I did Crypto Arena in LA and it was, I did the forum the night before. It was the best week ever. I did the Greek the night before, then the forum, then crypto. Wow. It was incredible. But after the forum, I'm buddies with Post Malone and he came to the show and we're hanging out and he's, it's like 2:00 AM after the show. I have to do crypto in the morning. But he was like, do you wanna come to my studio and listen to my new album, uhoh? And I was like, yeah, definitely. Yeah. So then he kept us there and we drank till like 6:00 AM And the whole time I was looking at my watch, like, oh shit. Yeah. So then I wake up and it's, I wake up at like 4:00 PM the car is outside to take me to my next show.


And I was like, all right, this, this hangover will go away. I've done this a million times. The hangover just didn't go away on stage. And I kind of fucking bombed at crypto. Oh, really? Oh no. Wow. Wow. Yeah, it was like the biggest show of my life. Did You let the crowd know? They could see it. There was a jumbo Drum on my face. Could smell it. They Could see, They could smell it on the jumbo drum. They could smell light beer. So, Shane, do you have anything like, you know, for endurance when you perform on stage? Like, do you work out? Like how do you keep up your energy? I, I'm, I just, I literally just started a trainer. I'm on week two. I gotta go to that today.


Good for you. Yeah. I saw some photos and I was like, all right. Oh boy. It's time to, Yeah. Yeah. How do you, how do you like that an appointment for, for working out? I, I need it. Otherwise I would, you know, after this I would go that, well, that was tough. That was a long day. I'm going to take a nap. Right, Right. I'm kind of the same way. Well, Sean, Sean, I was gonna say, and Shanell pose it to you too. It, you know, obviously diet is such a huge thing, like the things that you put in and Sean, Sean, and we always say, Sean eats like he's going to a 12 year old's birthday party, every meal every day. It's true. It's true. He right, Sean, I mean, yeah. Yeah. It's true. What, What on it, what did you have? What have you had so far today, if anything?


Well, it's so funny you say that. I did have a Pop-Tart, but I, but then after, I'm just saying I really, I really did. But then I had a bowl. Like I had yogurt with berries. 'cause I was like, I have to balance it with something. You Have to offset it. Right. But then like, I'll, but my brain works in the way that like, well, I did that So I can have spaghetti for lunch. You know? Right, right. And do you have dessert at lunch? You do, Don't you? Sometimes I do, but JB like, we'll play golf and he'll, he'll be like, Hey, can I just get a couple slices of apples and a handful of nuts, please. And then that's all he'll eat. And this is, I'm not making, I'm not even exaggerating. That's what it'll have. And I said to him one time, I said, you know what, you're doing all this eating nuts in the thing, and you're still, you're gonna fucking die at 65 and I'm gonna be standing at your bed, at your hospital bed eating a sundae with 30 years to go.


You know what I mean? But I, but I'll look nice and thin there in the box. Jesus, Jesus Christ. Oh, he died without any water weight. Look at him. Beautiful. Shane, what do you think? What do you, so now you're gonna go do this serious movie with these serious, serious actors. And again, no, no offense to your buddies. Hopefully. Yeah. Hopefully. Right? Hopefully. Hopefully, hopefully. But I, is that for you, is that the target for you? Is that what you wanna do? Or are you doing it just because you have opportunity and it's coming at you? Like where do you see yourself? Do you have a plan for the next five years? Or are you just like, fuck it, whatever happens, happens. I think it's more, fuck it, whatever happens.


I'd, I'd like to just kind of work with my friends, kind of, if I could, the goal would probably be like the Sandler Sandler route, which is just, yeah. Putting out movies with me and my friends. And then standup. I'll always standup's always number one. Yeah. Just stick with that. Would, would you consider standup like your job and your hobby in a way? Like, you just love doing it when you have time? Yeah, for sure. People are like, yeah, that's the only thing I do. Really. People are like, what do you, what do you, what else do you do? It's like, that's kind of it. That's It. So your days are filled with maybe getting a, going to the gym with a, with a trainer, Maybe go to the gym lot of Xbox, then Sure.


Standup. Sure, sure, sure. It's pretty pathetic Really. What's the current, what's the current Xbox favorite Right now? I, there's a game called Hell That Loose. That's, it's pretty awesome. It's just a World War ii, what's it called? Hell let Loose. Hell Let Loose. Is there a headset involved with this? There there is. People take it very seriously, which is pretty funny. Like, guys, it's, it's Like a, but you do multi, are you in multi playing multiplayer? Yeah, It's multiplayer and guys take it very seriously. It's like a World War II, like simulation, so, oh, wow. You know, there's no radar or anything. Like, it's, it's very funny. There's guys, like, you'll hear, you'll turn your headphones on, guys will be like, I need ammo on this hill.


Where Are, where the fuck are Jesus? Pretty funny. S really funny. That is so, that sounds so crazy. And also, how do you spell that? Yeah, No, the game rules. Who were your guys, who were your, did you have standup idols, Shane? Or do you Yeah, I was, it was always Louis and Chappelle and, yeah. Yeah, For sure. Was it surreal when you started doing it and then you started seeing those guys out in the world? Was that surreal as hell? Yeah. Now I'm like, I'm friends with both of 'em. It's, it's crazy. I was just in Ohio, I was just at Dave's house two weeks ago. Wow. And he built a club and he basically owns the entire town.


He does this thing where he brings in like mu like music to this small town, like an hour outside of Columbus, Ohio, where like, I was there a couple weeks ago and it was like Wu-Tang was there in a what? Tiny 200 seat room in a, an old firehouse. Wow. In Yellow Springs, Ohio. I mean, it's crazy what he's doing. That's amazing. That's cool. Pretty. Do you ever wanna do anything like that? Like if with as, as you go on, do you wanna build Your own town And more, You wanna do a hip hop in? I don't think, Do You wanna be in Wu-Tang Good enough to build a town? I do wanna be in Wu-Tang, you're the best. So I don't smoke weed, but I had to smoke a blunt. No, I mean, wouldn't that be, wouldn't that be cool?


I mean, your, your, your star is rising so quickly and so great and so, you know, incredible that, that, you know, do you ever aspire to be like those guys, to have that kind of ability to do things like that? I think that would require a lot of longevity. And we'll see. We'll see if I have, Well, I think you have it. I think you have it. You're not, you're not really bullish on your, on your, on your future, on your mortality right now. It rose, it rose too fast. And now people are gonna go, all right, that guy fucking Bud Light commercial guy. Get 'em outta here. That's how I fucking, By the way, I love your Bud Light commercials. I fucking, they're, they're hilarious. I Like them. I'm not, I'm not fucking joking. They're really funny. What's the one where you're standing behind the guy and they're asking him, and then you just start drinking?


I'm like, that's, this is funny. Yeah. It's hard to make a funny commercial, man. It's a very short amount of time. That's a very tough medium. Yep. Yeah, we know we do it too, Right? And you guys did great. Oh, thanks. Yeah. I Don't know. You ever seen that dog shit, one that Sean and Jason did? It was fucking Terrible. Well, listen, You know which one's that Exactly, which one's that they made so many dog shit commercials. These guys. Jesus, I love you Sean. Right? I love you jv. You're such a great work partner. Oh, God, you guys are the fucking worst. Shane. Listen man, you're such a great dude. You're such a fucking funny dude. You've been so kind and generous to me personally. Yeah. So I appreciate it. Thanks for coming. Do this. We wish all the best. You got tire season two premieres June 2nd on Netflix.


Fifth June, Sorry, June 5th, is that right? June 5th, yeah. Good for you. Thank you. Sorry about that. June 5th. Well, now we got to say it a few times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So June 5th. Oh yeah. On Netflix. You, you're on tour right now. You're touring like internationally on fucking arenas. You've got your podcast, you've got a tremendous amount of success. Wish you continued success. Yes. You're a great dude. Hilarious guy. Shane Gillis, everybody. I'm a Big fan, big fan of all three of you guys. You guys are awesome. Thank you. Thank you Shane. Shane back. Thanks for being here. Thank you for Being Here. Dude, you're a great dude. Thanks, bro. Thank you. Shane Gillis. He's Super fun. That guy's really funny. Yeah. He's got that real chill thing going on where it's just like, he's real.


Like he's just a cool guy. He's a Low temperature. Yeah, he is. He's Really low tempera. He's really, he's really cool. Jamie, remember we watched a bunch of his Beautiful dog special at, at New Year's, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's, he's got that really u unique delivery that I find really, it it pulls you into a, a standup where they just, you kind of get into their rhythm. Like, that's what I saying about Steven Wright. Like, that guy just like, he's like Mike Myers in Halloween, you know, he always walks towards the victim, never runs, you know? Right, right, right. Yeah. What a strange analogy. But you're kinda right. But he does, he pulls you in. He's, he's, he's great.


I mean, I've always been, I've always thought he is so funny. Well, Yeah. He's like, he's the gal, Pacino and Godfather three. Right. They just keep pulling you back in, you know what I mean? Three. Did they make a third one? They keep Godfather three. Yeah, It's A joke because it didn't Underperform. They Keep pulling you back In his life. Gi, Epie love that one. Ah, But Godfather. No. Where is number four? We Waiting on the number four. Why You guys, when you talk like that, you really sound like you'd speak two languages, Really. Like, what would you call That?


What would that, what would that make us? Sean Bilingual. B, Bilingual Smart, less Smart. SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally Handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts, or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today,


Firestone Complete Auto Care's Epic savings event is the sign you need to stop putting off your car's maintenance, and you can save up to $100 on tires and services while you're at it. Don't wait. Call Firestone Complete. Auto care for an appointment.


Memorial Day Doorbuster deals are here at Lowe's right now. Rewards members save $80 on the Master Forge four burner gas Grill now. Just 1 49 plus rewards members. Save $900 on the Lowe's exclusive High Cents French door refrigerator, now only 9 99. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 26. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details, programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.