
Hey, Smarties, it's Sean Hayes here. You may remember that we launched a new bite-sized game show last year called Clueless. And every episode our hilarious host, Elliot Kalin, takes me and a friend of mine through a different game. And sometimes they're word puzzles or chains of common phrases or robots singing songs. We have to guess it's a whole lot of fun. Here's a special monopoly themed episode that came out today sponsored by our friends at Hasbro, where my husband, oh, I wanna say Steve Scotty. That's it. My husband, Scotty Isle, and I play a special monopoly themed game called Do Not Pass, Go. Today's Episode of Clueless is sponsored by Monopoly and their three brand new expansions, which you can add onto your classic monopoly board to add new ways to play and to make the game shorter. All three are available now. Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro Smart. Congratulations. You have won second prize in a beauty contest. It's even better than first prize because now you've got a goal to work towards.


This is Clueless. Clueless. I'm clueless. Very nice. Welcome to SmartLess Presents ClueLess, the puzzle podcast that only asks 15 minutes of your time and offers you so much in return. I'm your host, Elliot Kalen, or at least that's what my parents told me. Now, please welcome the man who thinks community Chest means everyone wants to see him. Take his shirt off. Sean Hayes. Believe me, that you talk about horror films. That would be a horror film, not that you are talking about horror films. Guys, thank you, Elliot. Thank you for having me again. This is so, so much fun.


I look forward to this every single time we do it, because I love games. I love you. I love this show. I love everything about it, but I love even more than all of those things. Is that possible? Yes. There's something you love more than those things. Chocolate cake. And my husband Scotty, I snuggle who's here as well. Scotty, where are you right Now? Hi. Hi Scott. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yes. What part of the of the city in the town are you in and where are you exactly right now? I'm actually in the next room. Oh, that's spooky. That's very spooky. Alright, Well welcome. You're the idea of him being in the same house as you is is off. Very creepy and weird. Very Upsetting. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. This is why we have the couple houses, you know? Yeah, exactly. Exactly.


You know, when you said love more than anything else, I thought you were gonna say Poptarts, but Oh, Poptarts there. Chocolate, chocolate cake there. Snick. Snick. Snickers too. And yeah, paydays and stuff like that. Well, Yeah. Scotty is quickly getting knocked outta the top five. That's hundred point. Yeah. Yep. Today's episode, it's about the world of Monopoly. Ooh. It's our special Monopoly episode. That's right. Monopoly. The game of wheeling and dealing and stealing from the bank when your friends are in the bathroom. So let's take the B and o railroad over to wherever b and o are for today's first cliffhanger puzzle. Now, without the make you wait for the answer feature. That's right. We're going to give you today's cliffhanger puzzles, and then you'll get the answers today, thanks to the fine people at Monopoly.


Now, to add even more monopoly to this Monopoly episode, we have a selection of possible monopoly trivia questions at our disposal. One each, for each of the three new Monopoly expansion packs. Free parking, go to jail and buy everything. And also, a question about the Monopoly tokens themselves and one about all the special edition boards that have been made over the years from Monopoly to decide which of those various trivia question categories we'll be asking. I will have Sean spin the spinner from the free parking expansion set. Shawn, I can't wait. Set that spinner spinning. I haven't done this since college. There we go. Oh, and it landed on Monopoly token. So that will be the category for today's trivia question.


Excellent. Spinning. Great spinning, Sean. Thank you. Thank You. Well done. It's well done. It's all on the wrists. All on the Well. So today's first puzzle is a trivia question that goes thusly. Which of these has never been a token in the standard monopoly game set? And your choices are T-Rex. The T stands for Tyrannosaurus, canon, goose, or sack of money. Which of these has never been a token in the standard monopoly set? Again, your choice starts. Wow. T-Rex. The dinosaur, not the band. Cannon, goose, or sack of money Over the years. 'cause you know, I grew up playing it when they didn't have any of those, but I know they, it Was, there was, you had to make your own pieces out of corn cobs and acorns, things like that.


Yeah. And we actually had to purchase property with our own money. It was really, yeah, It was really put us out with The legal script that came. Yes. Yes. It was very real. Yeah. Wait, I, Scotty, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna, I'm not gonna say T-Rex. 'cause that's so absurd that it sounds like it is a real thing. It is a real thing, right? I'm gonna say Goose. Goose. Yeah. That was my instinct. That was Mine. Yeah. Alright, let's see. By order of Melbourne Rich Uncle Penny bags, which yes. Is the monopoly man's legal name. If you don't believe me, look up his birth certificate. It's on file. I shall reveal to you that you are correct. Yes. The answer is the goose monopoly has never had a goose shaped token. The cannon was in the original 1935 set the sack of money was voted for by the public and appeared in sets from the late nineties to 2007, kind of on the nose.


Oh, that's cool. The public choose sack of money monopoly. Yeah. And the T-Rex was briefly introduced in 2017. I assume it's extinct now. Nice work. Ah, very good Reasoning. Alright. Yes. Nice, nice. That's interesting. That's really, I love that kind of stuff. Yeah. Well Get ready. You're gonna learn more monopoly stuff later in this episode. Thank you to Monopoly for supporting today's episode. Clueless listeners. Monopoly has created three new ways to play with expansions. You add on to your classic monopoly set if You want. Own the whole board, the buy everything expansion. Lets you do just that. That's right. Every space on the board is up for Grabs.


Go to jail, buy it. Free parking. Yep, that too. And with the Buy Die, you get even more ways to win fast. If you're the kind of person who likes to press their luck, like Elliot, the free parking jackpot expansion is your jam. Land on free parking, spin the wheel and boom, cash in big. But don't get too comfortable because it's risky. One spend could have you rolling in money or losing it all. It's high stakes fast and definitely for the competitive Players. And if you're a mastermind who loves little chaos, like Sean, the go to jail expansion is a game changer. Jail isn't a punishment, it's strategic bribe, steal and collect corruption cards to mess with your opponents. Turns out crime does pay at least a monopoly. So whether you're a risk taker, rule breaker, or moneymaker, monopoly has three new expansion packs for you to explore.


Pick your pack or grab all three and let the game get a whole lot more exciting Available Now on Amazon. All is fair in monopoly expansions? Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro Listeners. Did you get the answer right? If So, I give you permission to win money when you land on free parking. The rules say you can't, but you've earned it. Like, just go for it. Why not? Nobody's watching, but before but, but before you spend your Ill-gotten games, let's play today's main game, which is called Do Not Pass. Go. Do Not Pass.


Go. I can't wait. I can't wait for The Clueless album. Yeah. Oh, It's gonna be great. I know. I love every song with the show gets longer and longer. Yeah. I, there's, there's no better song than the song that has copyright information in this, in the song. Just any questions about it? Yeah. Well, any monopoly player knows that passing go is essential to staying alive in the game and possibly in real life too. So naturally clueless is here to make that a little difficult to make sure that neither of you pass go. I'm going to give you clues to guess.


A series of words and phrases that end with the letters. GO remember? Oh, they always end in GO. You're not passing. Go. 'cause there's no letters after G. Got it. O Oh, I understand. Understand, I Understand. You never pass and go. The words end in geo. Right? Right. The ones that you're gonna guess. So you don't pass That. It's a before go. Before, before Go. The other letters go before go. And then you can stop It. Go what? During the instructions you pass a kidney stone. No, that's, yeah. Well then, then I'll, I'll know from the scream. So for instance, if the clue was Latin American ballroom dance, the answer would be Tango. Tango. Yes. Tango. Very good. You didn't say tangos, which is good because you gotta stop. We would've passed. Go the, we would've passed.


That's Great. I don't know, guys, I cannot make this clear. You, you can't go past go. Just don't even do it. The player at the end with the most points wins. The player with the least points will go to super jail from the go to jail expansion pack now on store shelves for Monopoly. Do not Pass. The first question a company's symbol is its Logo. Yes. Logo. Very good. Number two, the windy city is Chicago. Chicago. Chicago. Very good. So Scotty, another word for jargon is Lingo. Oh, great. It's close to blue on the spectrum. Indigo.


Very good. Sean got that one just right at the top. Okay. A pink waterfowl is a Flamingo. A Flamingo. Ah. Scotty Bear. Your buddy in Spanish is your Amigo Amigo Lottery style game with numbered balls is Bingo. Oh, Nice. Very good. A crime comedy film by the Cohen Brothers Fargo. Oh shoot. Very good tip. My tongue. Plastic building bricks to be mastered. Lego. That was, I think Sean got that first, which I should hope instead he has a close friend who's involved with Lego things. He, He would actually hit me if I didn't get, he would, He'd throw Legos at you. Yeah. He'd make something outta Legos and I'd hit you with it. Yeah. And this is number 10 for the end of the first round, because we're doing multiple rounds.


Number 10, the villain in Shakespeare's Othello. Oh. Oh, I know it, I know it. I, I can give you a follow up clue if you need a follow-up clue. Yes, of course. Okay. He's the sidekick bird in Aladin. Oh my God. Oh god. I saw that in 1928. I can't remember. Yeah, I, I don't, I'm I'm never gonna get this Hugo. No, Hugo is a good guess. 'cause it ends in geo, but it's wrong. The answer is Igo Yago. Although, I guess you could say the real villain. Othello is jealousy. Hey. Ooh. Nice. Write that down, Elliot. I'll do it. It doesn't in a geo Jealousy. Go right, go. You're right. I was, I'm rooting the, my own game.


Okay, so tallying up after 10 clues. The score is Sean has won 2, 3, 4. Scotty has 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. So, nice. Scotty is in the lead. Amazing. Yeah. I don't even sound as amazed. I'm sorry, Scotty. I, I, I shouldn't be so openly amazed With that. I'm in the haunted hallway section of our apartment and I'm, I'm getting, you know. Yeah, that's underestimated. Yeah. No, no, but that's even better. It means that, it means that this is more of exciting traumatic comeback. Okay. Moving out to round two. The rules are the same. Go, don't go past it. The words end in go. Okay. The questions slightly trickier. Each answer is now worth two points. So any, the lead is only two points for Scotty from that last round. So Sean could easily erase it and move forward.


Or Scott could take an even further lead. Let's see what happens. Okay, question number 11. Dizziness, Vertigo. Oh boy. That was so close. That was it. That was neck and neck. I'm gonna give each of you two on that one and we'll have to go to pretty sure we have tail of the tape, but we don't, we don't have it. So pretty sure. Number 12. A chain of islands is Ann. Oh God. A chain of islands. I don't know. I'm never gonna get it. I can hear the audience screaming at us right now. Now. Yeah. They're screaming at you. I, i i, I ha the only clue I have for you is probably not gonna be that helpful. What is it? The word that's missing from the title of Alexandra SOLs. The Gulag. What?


Good lord. Oh, sure. It's the only association I have with that word. No, I have no idea. Should we move on The next one? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. The answer was Archipelago. Oh Yes. Oh, I didn't know. I didn't know there was a string of islands, but yeah. Oh yeah. That's what it is. A string of islands. Okay. Question number 13. You guys will get this a kind of ship or a kind of shorts Cargo. Very good. A milk cheese. Similar to Parmesan. Oh, Bri Go Cheddar. Go. I don't, I'm gonna know it and I, I I, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know either. Okay. The answer is Ogo O cheese.


These are the tough ones. These are the two point ones, but you'll get this one. Fair enough. Manufacturer of camper vans. Winnebago. Winnebago. Oh, that's great. I feel like Scotty started first, but Sean finished the word first and then like, Scotty took longer to say the word, but Sean finished it, So I, well see. We must have a delay because I'm feel like I'm getting all of these. Okay, go ahead. Number 16, island that forms a country with Trinidad. Do we know it? I'm going through my world Knowledge. You'll think about it. So they're often referred to as Trinidad and Tgo. Trinidad and Tida. Mom. No, I don't know. Geography. Not my strong suit.


Okay. You want me to tell you what it is? Yeah. It is Tobago or Tobago. Trinidad and Tobago. We don't got it. We don't Got it. Okay. Well, how about this one question 17 tree. Whose extract is often used as a memory supplement? Seems like you guys could use Pre one. Preva. Ggo. Oh no, that's from jellyfish. Prevagen. Yeah. I just, I was thinking that too. Yeah. A tree who supplements OSUs memory thing. Well, now we're never gonna forget this answer. Yeah. Never don't remember it ever. It's a's an ancient tree. You see a lot of 'em in New York City. Would you like me to tell you the answer? Yes, please. Ginkgo, ginkgo. Oh, oh, Ginkgo, Ginkgo baloba. Yes. Gink. Yeah. You know what you were thinking? Baloba, go below.


That's a bit difficult. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. A trade ban Is Ann Embargo? Embargo? Yes. There you go. God, you're Fast. You might order movie tickets from, From me. From from Fgo. That was, That was beautiful to see. Scotty was it was, I, I, I may have pooped in my pants a little bit on that one. I've never seen two people verbally scramble over each other That way. Like Question 20, the final one for this round. Freud said that this part of the mind acts as our conscience. Ego. Ego. You're both wrong. I apologize. Oh, would you like another, would you like another try at it? Because you're almost there.


Ego go. If it's not just an ego, if it's even bigger and more powerful than an ego, it would be Super ego. Yeah. Super ego. Very Good story. There's the I, the ego and the super ego. Very easy to confuse them. 'cause they've got almost the same name. I Was thinking of I too, I was like Ido Igo. No. Okay. Right after round two. Let's tally up the score again. Well, We don't have to do it. Scotty won. Oh, here we on. Let's go. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let just, Just to say it officially, Sean has seven and Scotty has, let's see, 7, 9, 48, 17, 48. Okay. So 17. I'll take it. But just in case you think we passed, go. I've got a rude awakening for you. We did not pass. Go. Oh geez.


Because it's time for the mega clue. Mega clue. Question. Oh. Oh. Which is gonna be the hardest words and phrases ending in GO yet. So there are fewer of them. Each one is worth five points. Get ready to gimme some mega answers for the mega clue as we mega don't pass. Mega go, mega go. So let's go for it. Okay. Question 21. Okay. Russian novel made into a film starring Omar Sharif. You've got this one. I can see. Oh My god, I know it. I literally, my brain is on Fire now. That's where the answer would be. Yep. Don't look in the other organs. It's not in your lungs Or the frozen Turkey section.


I am Dr. Avago. Yes, Dr. Zhivago. Very good. Wow. Yep. Very good. Good for you. Question 22. He's one of the opera's famous three Tenors Domingo. Yes, Domingo. Very good. Very good. Okay. 23 new wave band founded by Danny Elfman who wrote the theme to weird science. Go Bongo. Very good, Sean. Yep. 24. A huge round of applause as at the end of a play. This is a tricky one. It's like a standing O. You got it. Sean? Standing O. Yes. Oh, oh God. Yeah. Alright. I'm gonna too, I heard you say Not as the answer, but just his thinking. But yeah, That's what it was. Standing O And 25. Finally a fictional thief who quote sneaks around the world from Kiev to Carolina.


Carmen, San Diego. Yes. Carmen, San Diego. Very good. Wow. Scotty, how did you get that? That's one nineties Kids will know Carmen. Oh, That is the end of the game. That was fast and furious after three rounds. The final score is, let's take a look. Let me add it up. 27. Scotty is 27 to Sean's 22. That's only one final round question away from, you know, that's the, that's a close game. That was, it turned very close. That's close. Yeah. So the winner is Scotty. Scotty, I hope, I hope, I hope this is something you can lu over Sean for at least an hour. I Think it's already started. Yeah, That's good. Good. I'm, I'm happy for you listeners at home, do you do as well as Sean and Scotty?


If not, then in the spirit of the sale cards from the buy Everything expansion pack, I give you permission to purchase all of Scotty's correct answers. Now you are the winner of the game. Congratulations. Sorry Scotty. They bought it from you. Wow. Of course. The great thing about Monopoly is it brings so many people together, friends and relatives, cars and thimbles, top hats and little dogs. So why not snuggle up close for today's final cliffhanger puzzle? Of course, today's cliffhanger puzzle is the anti cliffhanger because we're gonna give you the answer today. So let's call it an in no danger of falling puzzle. That's what we're doing today. Okay. And a no danger of falling puzzle. I love that.


Sean, you got to spin last time. So Scotty, you get to spin the free parking expansion pack spinner to see what kind of trivia question I'll be asking you for this in no danger of falling non cliffhanger puzzle. Okay, Scotty, ready to give a spin? Yes, let's go. Let's go. Here we go. And it's spinning. Let the record show that the spinner landed on Monopoly special editions as the category. So I'm gonna ask you a question about Monopoly special editions. That question goes. Leslie Monopoly is licensed in 103 countries printed in 37 languages. And there are an estimated 2,500 plus special edition boards, themed locations, franchises, or notable individuals. Which of these pop culture figures have never had their own themed monopoly Special edition.


And your choices are Deadpool, Ted Lasso, Paris Hilton, or the Beatles, which have never had their own monopoly special edition themed set. I'm gonna say the Beatles. Scotty. I was gonna say Ted Lasso. Okay. You are both incorrect. No, that's Paris. Is Paris Hilton. Okay. The Beatles have had several editions. Deadpool has had two, Ted Lasso had won. But Paris Hilton, despite having family in the hotel business, has not had a single monopoly set to her own. Mm. So, wow. How do you feel about, how do you feel about misjudging that one? You doing okay? I'm gonna be all right. Okay, good. Can you gimme, we're gonna get through this.


It's Gonna be a real rollercoaster episode for you. Every, Just gimme a gimme a minute. Okay. I'm good. Yeah. Sean. Sean needs a minute. Okay. I need to go rub. I need to go rub his shoulders. I'll be right back. Okay. Unfortunately, we just landed on go directly to the end of show. But before we go, I'd like to thank Scotty EIS Nobel for advancing to the nearest utility and if owned buying it from the bank. I'd like to thank Sean Hayes for remembering it's not pronounced Monopoli. I really appreciate that you weren't calling at that. But most of all, I'd like to thank you, the listener, for letting us have a monopoly on your ears. Until next time, this has been SmartLess Presents ClueLess. I've been your host, Ellie Kalen, and I'm playing my Get outta this episode free card. See ya suckers. Woo.


Clueless. You have been listening to SmartLess Presents ClueLess, a SmartLess media production in association with SiriusXM. Your host is Elliot Kalen, who also writes our scripts. Your constant contestant is Sean Hayes, who does like candy. Your producer, editor, and engineer is Devon, Tory Bryant, who is me. I also write all the music and sound effects, assistant engineer Kyle McGraw. Today's puzzles were written by Josh Richmond and Jason Reich. Talent producer is Ann Harris, associate producer Maddie McCann, social media producer, Tommy Gano. Executive producers are Elliot Kalen, Sean Hayes, will Anette and Jason Bateman. Executive producers for SmartLess Media are Richard Corson and Bernie Kaminski.


Remember to follow, subscribe, rate, and review the show. It really helps. That's all. For now. We will see again for more Clueless


Thank you to our partner Monopoly for supporting today's special episode of Clueless. Because we all have a monopoly board lying around. Monopoly has introduced three new expansions that you can buy to add onto your monopoly board to have new ways to play. We are loving playing with these new expansion packs. We are going to have to take turns switching between the free parking jackpot, buy everything, and go to jail for our next few game nights. It's gonna be super fun. These expansions are available now on Amazon, so go out and get yours today. Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro.