
Amazon makes it easy to find whatever you're looking for. And at low prices, discover a great selection of everyday essentials at a great value. Amazon is your go-to destination for both basics and the specific things you need. Get what you need all in one place without jumping through hoops. Your money goes further here. Shop for all your needs, whether they're planned or those last minute must haves from detergent to diapers, cookies to pain relievers. Find it all on Amazon and save time. Check out Amazon Basics and Amazon Essentials for quality products you'll love. Next time you run outta coffee, need a new lipstick. Realize you're outta light bulbs. Need just a piece of paper. Amazon has it covered. Save the everyday with deals from Amazon.


Shopping for a new home can be super exciting. It generally is, you know, you're, you're thinking about and dreaming about what that's gonna be, what that experience is gonna be, but also, you know, when you start to get into it, it can be a little bit overwhelming if you don't have the right resources, if you're not set up the right way. homes.com is home shopping the way it should be. It's more than a website. It's your partner in finding the perfect home. Get to know potential neighborhoods with homes dot com's comprehensive neighborhood details homes.com features the listing agent on each listing so you can easily connect plus agent directory and profiles. Offer a detailed look at each agent's experience so you can find, you know, your perfect match. It's just so helpful. Go to homes.com to learn more. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Sabre. Every drop of summer with handcrafted beverages from Starbucks. Big news, the unofficial drink of the summer is back. Yep. The fan favorite summer berry refresher is now here for a limited time. It's light, bright and like a berry powerhouse bursting with summer flavor. And those raspberry pearls at the bottom of the drink. They're pearl craving something new. Try the iced horchata oat milk. Shaken espresso. Inspired by Mexican horchata, blonde espresso is shaken to perfection with notes of cinnamon and vanilla, then topped with oat milk. Trust me, you'll love the taste Creamy yet refreshing. Keep summer going forever with a strawberry acai lemonade refresher. The strawberry passion fruit and acai flavors are balanced with a zing of a lemonade and those freeze dried strawberry pieces. Mm, so tasty. So, I love this. I had the summer berry refresher delivered to my house from Starbucks. I drank it in like one gulp. It was so delicious. And it's blue. And those little like pearls at the bottom. The little raspberry, bro. Oh my God. It was just so refreshing. I loved it. I'm gonna drink it all the time anyway. However, your summer, your summer favorites are ready at Starbucks.


Hey guys, good morning. I'm drinking some tea. What do you got? Spit, spit in my mouth. That's about it. Oh, Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Less smart. Hey, what do you got? Do you call it a toiletry bag or do you call it a dopp? Is it Dopp Kit? DOP Dopp Kit. DOP as in Paul. We went through This. We went, we went through this on stage in front of thousands of people.


Oh, I don't remember things. Wait, what is, Do you, do you not remember? No, we were in, we, we were on tour. We were in Washington DC It was our First night. Yeah. And we, and we got Sam Jones. That as a gift, right? Didn't we? I don't, I I don't remember that part. I don't remember. Oh, look whose memory is a little soft, but what does Dopp what does kit mean? DOP. It's German right? For toiletry stuff. It's, it's, it's German man. Remember we, somebody, somebody in the audience yelled it out and they said it's German. I forget how it came about. Anyways, yes. DOPP do. Kit. Hey, what? Why, go ahead. Go ahead.


I was just say why, what happens in the morning when you're like, I constantly, I'm constantly clearing my throat today. Does that mean I'm sleeping on my joke Here guys, real quick. It's, the word was coined by leather worker Charles Dopel, who patented the idea of DOPs in 1919 and marketed them locally before landing a contract with the US Army during WW two. And that's, he was a German Leatherwork. I think he was American. Let's see. Well it sounds German More to come next episode. Trust Do Dopel. D-O-P-P-E-L-T-I-A. Yeah, now I'm looking at it too. I also have the internet. Bennett. So, Congrats guys. It's like when we get back, you know, when we brought this up before and people go, I did my own research, like, oh, you've got Google fuck Off.


Yeah, yeah, exactly. I know. Takes like five seconds, you know. So last night, Oh, sorry Sean, you were trying to get to some business. Sean's like, yeah, I know. It takes five seconds. So my story that I've got ready, No, I, I was, I was actually actually serious about like the, I can't stop clearing my throat. I don't know why does that mean I'm getting sick? I dunno. Or do you want to reschedule today's recording? No, no. It might be the Smoke from the Canadian fires. I think that's the Toronto Maple Leaf fans still. Amen. A handful up there. What happened did when Dude fucking, we don't Need to get fucking, they're still burning stuff down. They're soap pissed. Shots fired over there.


Are they not doing well? It it's, they've, that's a understatement. It's been a minute. Oh, It's been a tough, So I haven't mentioned it since it's been a while, but they lost again in another game seven. And It was really That, I can't believe I still haven't talked to you about it. I watched all three periods of you and biz doing your commentary on that, on that game. Oh wow. With your, with your blazers on. I can't, I mean, I sat there, I had the clicker in my hand the whole time. Never punched it. Just watched you two. I want see it Blather on. I see. It Was so good. You know, the best part was, and, and I took a shot at you. 'cause I said, baby, it was supposed to be you was like literally a mile away. And he come. But I was less than a mile away. Less than a mile. Still just smiling at you saying, yeah, you know, he might, he might even stop by during this.


And I was just like laughing by myself. Happen DJs. Yeah. But you know, we, we, the best part was they go, do you guys want to go do this? And, and Bizz and I were like, yeah, let's do it. And we get there, we do the pre-game and then we go to this other studio to start this kind of alt cast thing. And then just the dude goes in 5, 4, 3. And I'm like, what do we, we don't, Hey everybody. We had no plan. You could tell just Sitting in chairs. Yeah. And then we had like, and Just commented on this game. Yeah, we Talked. But just literally watching the game along with the audience at home. That's fun. Doing their own commentary. And We had Charles Barkley kindly called in. He was amazing. Oh, he was great. Yeah, he was hilarious. And then our buddy Al Michaels, he's a singer. Yeah. Who is also amazing also.


Great. Sorry Sean. You think Charles Barkley's a singer? I always think he's the singer, right? Isn't there a singer named Charles Barkley? Gnar Barkley. Do you think it might have gone the other way? Oh, Gnar Barkley. You think maybe Gnarls got It from Charles. Like I think that the Arnold Palmer was, do you think Arnold Palmer, the golfer gave himself the name after the drink? Or Sweet Sean? I know. Hey, by the way, Sean, think about how sweet Sean is. Franny my eldest listener. Yeah. I, she had a, a scavenger hunt last night. And I guess one of the, one of the boxes they had to check was get a picture with a celebrity. And Sean was nice enough to stay up until one Introduce them to some celebrities. That's so nice. Right? This Right. 10 30, 10 45 or something. She drove over to your house with all of her friends and took a shot of you.


Yeah. I'm like, what's, what's going on with your dad? Can you just take a shot with him? I guess I don't count, I guess. Yeah, it didn't count because, yeah. Now did you go through the works before they got over there? Were you, was your hair, your makeup was all set? No. Check out that photo. It's horrible. I look like I'm 95 years old. Oh, so you checked it, you said lemme see it. Yeah, Well I did it myself. I, 'cause you know, when somebody stops and ask for a photo, which is so kind, I always grabbed the phone. I said, let me take it because it takes me two seconds to open the phone. Otherwise it takes half an hour for them to go, wait, I gotta find my, I, you know, my phone icons. I'm like, just give it to me. And So I took it with all them. 'cause it's a scavenger hunt, so you only have five seconds. So I said, everybody hunt, you Only wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't know that role. What are you talking about? You? Well, It's scavenger hunt. You gotta get your thing and you gotta go, gotta get thing on the list and then go.


So, but I had to hang out with them for like five, 10 minutes because their friends were in another car anyway. Who, who cares? And I took a photo myself and it didn't look great. But frannie's the sweetest. But I hope this is gonna be in your book. I mean, this is, that's rivet, You know, you telling me that story about taking the, grabbing everybody's phone and taking the picture yourself all the time. Yeah. And I immediately go to all the germs that I would be taking on, on my hands by touching everybody else's phone. You know, it's the dirtiest thing in your life. Your, your, your iPhone. Well, I think your mouth is No, It's dirtier than your toilet Seat. You know, Again, I I dunno about that again, I just wanna point out are, are you watching people drop dead on the street or something? Because we're all, we're all fine.


We're, no, it's just all fine. It's just a gross factor. I'm not worried about getting sick, it's just I Did though. But I did want, I did. Franny texted me earlier in the day. She's like, are you gonna be up like around between 10 30? I'm like, yeah. And, and then, and I'm watching the Osama bin LA documentary and I'm completely falling asleep. It's really interesting as you So good. And, and is it great? Yeah, it's amazing. Oh really? And it's so interesting. And, and then I've got, I'm just falling asleep on the couch. I'm like, Scott, I gotta go to sleep. I I'm, I'm gonna fall asleep. And she's like, we're here. I was like, oh God. And the doorbell rang and I freaked out and I went outside and then I, my phone goes up at like one in the morning and she's like, are you still up? I wanna retake Because I think they needed something else. I needed.


Really? Yeah. Oh no. And then I just Texted. That's like the worst. Are you still up text? You can get You What mean from Fran On the scales of you still. It's not what you think. You still love text. Yeah. It's not what you think it's, can we get a photo with you? Yeah, Exactly. Maybe the photo was bad, but I was freaking out. I hope she got, I hope she won. Do you know if she won? I Have no idea. She hasn't surfaced yet. It's 9, 9 40 this week. Went To bed at like three the morning. You should do a SmartLess scavenger hunt. I would love that. I love a scavenger hunts. Do I do too? That'd be super fun. Yeah. So how would that work? The three of us would be individually against one another. No, no, no. It's not for us. It's for our fans. It's for, you know, for people who like listen to the podcast and that we endure and then we have like a whole Yeah.


God, that Sounds like a lot of Work. What's, what's the, what's the, what's the prize? So you're so angry about it. A do kit. Adopt a Kit. Kit. Nice kit. Ah, and because you wrapped it up with such a nice bow. Willie. We're gonna move on to our guest today. Beautiful. Oh nice. Whose Is it? Is it yours today? Shawnee. That's, that's A delicious segue. Oh, you guys are gonna love this. It's so exciting. He got his first big break by tagging along to a friend's audition and improvising his way into the role. It was a big movie. He has such a thick Liverpool accent that fans don't often believe it's real. He used to tear up the streets as a teenage break dancer. So did I. And he's been punched, stabbed, and screamed at more and more scenes than I can count.


But somehow he's the most gentle guy in the room. I met him once on his native soil, the uk and I've been a fan ever since. It's the ridiculously talented and allegedly intimidating. Stephen Graham. Hey Stephen Graham Gentleman. That's good. Good morning. Look at that sweet face. Who would beat the shit outta me? I'm sure That was a world class reveal. It was just as so dramatic. It was great. And oftentimes there. Thank you very much. Thank You. That was very good. Now Will, do you want to get started on the Liverpool Football Club conversation? No, no. We're gonna gonna get it outta Way. We're gonna end on that. We're gonna end on the, on the glory on Liverpool. Okay. Because I'm a massive supporter. Steven, a massive supporter.


So we'll get to stop Will. Nice. Great. Can I jump in on the scavenger hunting please? Please Go nuts. Please. I always had a mates do it. 'cause we were in LA for a little bit and, and I, I heard about this 'cause my wife was there at guy's house, right? Yes. Guy Rich guy Richie close. Yeah, Well let him go. Oh wow. Go Ahead. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My wife is Amanda. Amanda was there. She was, she was probably the one that was made your ears bleed just a little bit when you were wondering why are My ears? No, she was talking quietly in the corner with somebody holding their arm. Oh yeah. Or it was Yeah, her. No, I did. Yes, she was lovely. What's the Story, Steven? What hap what, what happened? It Was just during the day, a friend we went to his sister.


She graduated. Correct. And she was telling us about his scavenger hunt that she was going on. Yeah. And I'll tell you what, it was a bit risky. Some of the stuff that they get really high points for. I know. Oh, really? Like what? Dangerous. Yeah. Like, I mean, eating a bagel off a man's penis. No way. Not risking On that Jason. Isn't that true? Jason, did you win that? Did you win that one, Jason? Well, you know, you need to get a unit that'll actually fit inside that hole. And So I just had that Breakfast today. Wait, Jason, Amanda was doing this. What's happening? Yeah, it was a little bit more of a ali for me, but wait, That's crazy.


Is that real, like crazy shit like that. Wow. Well, here at this party, right Steven, this was also get a picture with a celebrity and at your party there were, there were some real celebrities there, Sean. All due respect. Sure. No, I get it. We're talking about, you know, the tops in the business like Steven and Sure. Yeah. You know, and there was a whole group photo. So they got major points, I'm assuming. Yeah. 'cause we went outside and took a photo. Yeah. But it, but it was just when they were explaining to us in the, in the morning, what kind of things actually happened and how many points you get for certain things. It just got rather disgust. And I thought yeah. Really Dangerous. My, my eldest said to me when he was doing his a couple weeks ago, he said, Hey, can I get my nose pierced?


'cause I'll get massive. And I was like, no. What? Yeah. Really? Get your nose pierced for points. Yeah. I think one of the funniest ones was if you make out with one of the parents. Oh, parents. Really? I self wrote that in you. Can I, And he left the Door open a forensic, forensic handwriting check for Jason on that one. There was all sorts to drink a shot of certain bodily fluids as well. Oh Wow. No. Yeah, it was disgusted. Jesus Christ. I thought, what the fuck are these young people doing these days? I Know. Wait, so Steven, I'm an idiot. This is somebody here in LA's House's daughter? Yes. No, no, no, no, no. It, it was a friend's sister who was telling me about Okay, got it.


And the sister was telling us about what it, what it Was. Yeah. Wow. Now, do you have kids, Steven? I do. Yeah. And thank God, man, don't do any of this scavenger hunt shit. Well, hang on. Are they, are they old enough yet? How old are They? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alfie's 18 and Grace is 20. And so you're saying they they never did anything like this in high school? We, we just don't have that kind of behavior where I come from. Jason think. Yeah, I think that it's Normal. That's normal. Steve. Normal. I don't think they're being honest with you. Steven. Yeah, Jason. I, one of the major things my children are, is honest now we do the moonie, which is like, stick your ass out of a window. That's as far as we go. Right, Right, right, right. Or do you ever do or against a window, which is a pressed ham? Well, I never Heard, we Used to do that one too.


That was always on a bus though. That was on a bus. One on a bus. On a bus. We was on a bus with Yeah, you'd do that one on a bus. That, and then, but then the worst thing was you'd do it and then the car that you did it to would pull alongside you later on in the traffic and Yeah. Yeah. We used to do that when we go to football with the Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What would be the name? If you press it against the window and you spread it, what would be the name there? Oh God. God. Oh, sliced hand. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Thanks. That's what I'm here for. Steven. First of all, thanks for being here, by the way, I just found out this morning, I found this, this out this morning. First of all, congrats on your recent Gotham Award. And adolescence is the second most watched show of all time on Netflix. That's awesome. No.


Yeah. Amazing. That's amazing. That's Crazy. Well deserved my Goodness. What a what an what an accomplishment. I mean, truly. I mean we, and and I know you've talked about this a lot 'cause I've seen it out there and I've, and I watched the show. You're it's fantastic. You're fantastic. Also the co-creator of the show. Yeah. Incredible. Which is no small feed, I mean, for people to understand, you know, they might see, see the credit and the creator and you think like, okay, well he's got, that's just another hat. It, it's the amount of work and thought and years and preparation that goes into just being the creator of the show and then on top to being in it. And then on top of that, doing it, shooting it all in effect, live in one shot is so impressive.


So I I, and I know you've talked ad nauseum about that aspect of doing it, but for people to really understand what it takes to pull off doing an entire episode e each episode of that program live as if it were happening in, well it was happening in real time. Yeah. And not just in one location, but, but getting into vehicles and moving to different locations, everything that goes in that, the preparation that must have gone into that. When you came up with the idea of the show, was that part and parcel with it? Was it like, we're gonna do this show, tell this story and we're gonna do it this way? Well, To be honest with you, were we, we did a, the whole thing kind of began with me doing a favor for a friend.


Actually, my, my mate, Phil Valentini, he was an actor and he, and he just, one, one day he just followed me up and he said, look, I really want to direct. Would you, would you help me out in be in a short film? And I said, no, which, which is what you should do? I said, no. He was like, what? What? I went, well go make your first short film and then we'll have a look and then we'll, we'll, we'll talk again. Good for you. So I don't wanna be part of the experiment. Yeah. But Of course. But it's also Jay, you know, it's that kind of fight. Well, show me what you can do fish. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So he did, he went and he, and he made this be, but oh, also though, he was asking me if I would play the, the trainer to a boxer and the laddu who he, who was gonna play the main role was a boxer and an actor.


And I said, well, doesn't, doesn't Robbie have a trainer? And he was like, yeah. I was like, well, do you just use Robbie's real fucking trainer? Right. And he was like, well, I went, 'cause he knows what he's doing. I said, has he got a good face? He went, he went, yeah, he looks great. I went, we'll cast him then. Yeah. And he's like, oh yeah, I got shit to do. That's a really good idea. I was like, yeah, just use him. They've got a relationship. So he did anyway, and It was really good. But to get to the point, Matt, who he'd met the DOP had this glorious idea of doing a short film in one take, but setting it in a restaurant. So again, Phil said, look, Matt had this wonderful idea. I think it'd be really good. 'cause Phil used to work in a restaurant industry. He was a chef for a long time.


And it was just this concept about a, a a, a shift at work and this man going through a bit of a, you know, lots of troubles at home and trying to navigate that in work. And also he has his own addictions and stuff. So it was like, look, we'll shoot it in 22 minutes. That's, that's how long it takes gonna be. And I was like, that sounds great. How many days? And he went, five. I said, I'll give you three. He was like, oh, okay. I went, we can shoot it in three. So we did, we shot it in three. And the primary purpose of it was to try and use it as a calling card to get fill an agent. So I give it to my agent, she sent it round the office, and then literally within four to five days he was having meetings and he then got his agent Jago.


And that was how it happened. Wow. So it was all starting to do a favor for a friend. And then Jago said, why don't we turn this into a feature? So we did a little indie film called Boiling Point. And just to go to that prop that, you know, that you never know what can happen from these things, as we all know with this industry, you just don't know. Yeah. Cut to three years down the line, four years down the line, we sat at BAFTA and film's nominated for best actor. The film's up for Best British Film. I'm nominated alongside Will Smith and Leonardo DiCaprio and Yeah. Amazing. Benedict Cumberbatch, all for doing a mate a favor. Wow. Wow. And so we had proof of concept with that particular piece.


Sure. And then we were asked if we would be interested in turning it into a television show. And that's basically how it all began. Wow. So then, so then Boiling Point is similar to this story in adolescence, It's a completely different story, but it's all shot in that one take format. Right. And that's more controlled, it's an environment. It's all set in a restaurant in a, in a, in a kitchen and in a restaurant. Yeah. And it's this one particular shift, and I think the film is an hour and maybe an hour and 15. Wow. And, and the, and the, the, the thinking behind the, the, the creative effect that you guys were, were, were, were aiming for by, by having it all intact in one take and not distracting the audience with any cuts whatsoever, or coverage or anything like that.


Was was what, did you guys ever kind of put words to the, the, the, the, the, the, the purpose behind only one take? Aside from just like the, the, the incredible rush, the creative challenge of that. I think that was, that was it basically, Jason, to be honest with you, it's that kind of trying to grab the audience's attention straight away. Look and you have kids. I have kids and you know, we live in an age where we're, I mean, I dunno if you this we'll be watching a film, but yet they're still looking on the phones. Yeah. Right. And it's kind of like putting that downward, trying to watch a film in many ways. Do you know what I mean? So it was that wanting to grab the audience's attention, but also make sure that it wasn't just a gimmick shot. And hopefully, you know, that's what we achieved.


But the movement of the ca of the Canberra perpetuates the story. Yeah. So there's kind of like little things that we came up straight away with Mac decided that we could never just move the Canberra where it doesn't have a purpose to move. Sure. So what that does then as well is that kind of helps you, you know, it's like we all jump on a train and then we don't get off until we finish. But, but, But, but, but, but for people to appreciate and, and we all sort of work in this meeting, so we understand, but to really appreciate the difficulty, not just the, not just the closing of the roads, not just the, the, you know, hiding crew in camera and all that kind of stuff. But the light changes, for instance, by the way, there is that, am I wrong?


Did I, like, did I imagine that there were light changes when the, when the, your son, the actor's name is, is it Owen? Owen Cooper, yeah. Oh, Owen Cooper, who's brilliant. He's fantastic. Owen Cooper, when he gets moody, did the light darken in in those moments? Am I right about that? Or is that obvious? Or, or No, That was really, that, that was very subtle. And that was also a decision that, that mark kind of made right at the very beginning. There's, there's moments where it does subtly change. Yeah. And Phil wanted that concept, that psychological aspect of, of it just changing slightly, dramatically within the cell. Thinking About, was that a changing the Yeah. Was that a lighting cue or was it an iris ride? It's a lighting cue. Kind of. It's a lighting cue within the police station.


Within the cell when he's, when he's brought into the Cell. I mean, think about that, JB Yeah. I mean, think about making that call. So you're doing all that stuff, you have all these different, and then in the moment you've gotta get it right. And you have, there's a basically a lighting cue in the middle of it, in the, there's so many elements happening at once. The logistics. Yeah. Logistics. Logistics, logistic. Yeah. We'll be right back.


Let's be real listener. B2B marketing is tough. And if you're dumb like me, that's business to business. Okay. So now, now you're smarter, right? You're listening to smart list. You just got smarter. All right, so we're delivering, and I'm delivering this incredible ad for LinkedIn. So listen up y'all. You can craft the perfect campaign, but if it lands in front of the wrong people, it might as well be invisible. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of pro grammars. Got it. Are you still with me? You haven't turned the channel yet. Okay, listen up. This is where LinkedIn ads come in. Okay. LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion professionals who actually get business on LinkedIn ads. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, and did we say job title yet? So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. Alright. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess, that's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Smartlist is supported by FXs, say nothing up for four BAFTA TV awards and worth all the buzz. Sometimes trying to help just makes things more complicated. And that's at the heart of Say Nothing based on the book by Patrick Radden. Keef. This Peabody nominated series tells a story of murder and memory in Northern Ireland during the troubles, through the lives of dollars and ion price. We see the extremes people go to for what they believe and how a deeply divided society can suddenly tip into conflict times. Not subtle, they called it an urgently timely work of political art. Say nothing is Emmy eligible in all limited series categories, all episodes streaming on Hulu.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. And so the obvious question which I had, which, how many takes did you do? And like, how did, I mean, I'd be so afraid to be the one to screw it up. Well, The beauty of it, I mean, and it was also, look, it was beautifully written by Jack Jack Thorn, our wonderful writer who constructs the human condition so beautifully and so amazingly. And we had that kind of discussion right at the very beginning, what it was gonna be and how we were gonna try to put this story across without pointing any fingers. But it's just that kind of accountability of, of parents, you know, maybe the parents are accountable, the, the school system, the education system, the society and the community where they live, and also the government and also on.


So, but I, you know, you have the internet, which none of us had when we were kids, so we, we've never have to navigate that kind of thing. Yeah. You know, if, if an incident happened in school, it was kind of finished by the end of when the bell went, and then you, you'd pick it up again the next day. Hopefully it didn't continue too much. But today, if anything happens on their phone straight away, it can carry on. So it's that perpetual kind of fear that some of these kids live in. Do you know what I mean? With, with incidents happening in school. But to go back to that, it was more that kind of, to navigate it the way we did and make sure that everything is bang on. We did, it was a different process. So you spend the first week just working through the script, which we never have that luxury.


Do we never have that luxury to be on set with the writer and the director and just discuss the words Yeah. It's like theater. Yeah. Well that's exactly what it is, Sean. It's that, you know, it's that beautiful process of being a theater company and having this brand new script. Yeah. So we, we take it to pieces, it's kind of, and I don't mean to be pretentious, but it's kind of like analyzing every single word like you would a check off play and understanding the importance of it and why it's there and why it's being said. Right. Right. So we spend that week just amazed in it as the actors and the company. And then the second week we spend the whole week rehearsing with the camera team, the sound department, the adsd like you said, we, we were dressed in police uniforms or you know, teachers in the school.


So we then spend all of that week having a whole dress rehearsal. And by the end of that week, by that following Friday, we'll go for the little take. We'll see what happens. And then when you get back in on the Monday we do, we go for two takes a day. So you do one in the morning, about half 10, have lunch, reset, and then come back again in the afternoon. So it's a beautiful experience. So ultimately we were looking at hopefully trying to get 10 takes by the end of the week. Wow. But episodes two, three, and four were all the final take of each one. Oh, wow. So it was that final Friday. So I think take episode two was take 14.


Wow. And it was the only time that the drone actually got attached to the, the, the camera got attached to the drone. It flew up. I dunno if you remember that in the school where it, it flies up in the air and then it comes down and then it gets taken by the camera department. Yeah. And it comes to where I'm stood with the flowers. It's insane. It's insane. Yeah. Now imagine that though. Will, this is, I mean, the, the wind had been shit. So we, we didn't have a take at all. So it's the final Friday afternoon and it, and it's all going great. And I'm sat in the, I'm sat in the, I'm sat in the van beating an executive to producer, listening to Sarah on the radio. Okay. Go. So we've got the kids coming out there thinking it's, and I'm listening to it all and it's like, okay, that's good, that's good. And it's like, okay, drone's attached the drone's up. And I'm like sitting there going, okay, so the drone's up, and then I see it and I see the drone.


I'm like, oh wow. Okay. So the drone, and then I see the van coming round the corner. I see all the fellas jump out the van. I see Matt run over to the, as the drone. They catch the drone. Matt takes the camera. And then I go, ah, oh shit. I'm in it. Oh my God. And your headphones off. And I, yeah, that's it. I remembered I was in it and I've grabbed the flowers and composed myself, and then I've opened the door and got out. How about that? That's, and we managed to get that take. But the, the, the picture went off when the drone was attached. So all everybody back at base had no idea that we'd completed the scene. Wow. That Right, right. They were just holding the right down. They were just panicking. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know. That's wild. Just, it's So, I mean, just aside from just all the logistics, the sequencing and all the planning and all that stuff, the, the, the fun of that and the excitement of that.


But specifically for this subject matter and the Yeah. The, and the way that the scripts are constructed and, and this, this linear storytelling, it's, it's a goes to B goes to C goes to D and you're, as you said on a train, and you can, you never get off. You're never tapped on the shoulder by an edit and knocked outta your trance. You're staying in this one shot, and you are, you're stuck in the best sense of the word. And you can't stop watching. And you, it's just, it's so propulsive. And it's just, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's such a perfect concept to use this device when, wait, JB and I, I, I'll add to that, which is that I think that linear storytelling is, is something that, that we kind of take for granted and, and don't, we sort of try to get away from and try to dress stuff up.


And there is something because of the way that you told it and it, and it is, there is no cut to distract you, but also because it's happening in real time. You feel less like you're watching it and more like you're in it. Yeah, exactly. Right. Right. And so it's much more immersive in that way. You feel like you're, do you know what I mean? You're not, it's, it's not performative. It's not something that you're, you're, you, you, you're not observing. You're actually in it. Yeah. And, and, and, and given the subject matter, like, it's very visceral. Yeah. You're so affected. It's, it's like, yeah. You just step on the audience's neck and you don't get off. It's outstanding. That was, thank you very much. They're lovely things for you both to say. That was kind of one of the things we thought of at the very beginning.


And we, like I say, Jack's one of my favorite writers of all time. He's a wonderful man. I've worked with him six times and Jack's kind of idea is we'd create, the story was to, to grab the audience, but it also, it it, he said what it gave him as a writer was a lot of freedom because a writer is totally, you know, with writing that script, he's totally in kind of control of not just what the story is, but also the rhythm of how it moves and how it's set and the kind of pace of it. Yeah. The music of It. Yeah. And then you're just amazed, like you said, it's that kind of voyeuristic element, but as well conventionally, you know, the story would be told, but it, it'd be slightly disjointed and you could go to any point in time. But when I said from the very beginning, look, this goes over 13 months and we're just gonna grab the audience four times in this story, but it's gonna be for an hour.


And we allow the, I think what we did as well was like, you know, treating the audience with respect and with intelligence, let them fill in the gaps. Yeah. And it doesn't have the answers. And it, and it wasn't opening. And as an actor, was it exciting to be inside of that, of the take of the one hour knowing that, you know, no one can get to you just like theater. So like between action and cut, your dictating the pace, the rhythm, the timing, everything. It'll never be, it'll never be changed. It'll never be manipulated by an editor's choice or a director's choice or a a a scene won't be cut.


So all of your, all of your, your ideas about how you're gonna arc out your performance is completely in your control. Well, you working out beforehand though. I mean like Yeah, but still, but like each, you say you do this multiple times, Jamie. Right. But once it's rolling. Yeah, exactly. So each take can be completely different. I mean, everybody has to hit their marks because of all the technical sequencing. But there's still, there's, there's just performance stuff, you know, is going to be married to this particular version of this episode. This particular take will always be my reaction to her line is always going to be that it's not gonna be taken from take two married to her reading and take seven.


Like, it's all, it's, it's all unique to that one piece. Completely. This is kind of cool. Yeah, Yeah. You've hit the nail on the end because you know, as we all know, when you perform, there's, you, we are not in control of the choices that get made. Yeah. Which, which we all understand and that's great. Like Frankenstein, Yeah's amazing. Yeah. Completely. They take the little bits like you just perfectly described. But with the process of this, and again, you know, back and Sean as well, we have that wonderful rehearsal process like we would with a play. But then you're right on the day, no take was identical to the others because what what it does, and again, I don't, I'm a working class kid from liver pills, you know what I mean? I can't, So I'm pretentious By the way.


But you, you never run the risk of sounding pretentious. Oh yes. Just For clarity. Alright, you're Good. Alright, good. But it's, and now give me a moment. 'cause I may do, but it's the most zen I've ever felt as an actor. And it also puts you right in enough place that, Do you do it? You did do it. See, I mean, You're joining us, Steven. That's what we look, that's what we microphone's leading on. Do you know what I mean? So I it's not, I'm just saying it for shits and giggles. That's what, sweet. I love that. So in the same respect, it's that kind of, you know, you are completely, like you said, well it's that immersive experience for the audience, but picking up on you. Yeah. It is for the actor, because Yeah. You have to be present, truly present. Yeah. Yeah. And what it does is, to me, acting is all about listening and reacting.


Oh. Can Write that Down. You know what I mean? So you're, you constantly, you're constantly listening and reacting to, to what's being, what's being what's in Front. Well, you know, somebody, as you know, Steven, So I had this discussion with somebody very recently said, oh, is it hard to memorize lines? I was talking about this having lots, lots of dialogue. And Jay, I know you just came off something where you had a lot of dialogue. And the, and the truth is, as we all know, it's not hard when if you're present and the person says something to you, you're what you're gonna say next makes sense to them. Right. You don't have to memorize because it makes sense what you should say. Yeah. If the writing's good, You know what I mean? And If the writing's Good. Yeah. If the writing's Good. Yeah. Yeah. But that's what I love about your process, about like, it being like theater, you can discuss like, I don't know that I would say say that.


I would say I feel like this would make more sense and that collaborative experience probably made it all the better. Completely. But yeah. Tell me about, wait, So I want to talk about break dancing. First of all, what's scouts? So I like scouts is what, what, what scouts is that? A is is that Scouts is like a terminology for a, the particular type of person who comes from Liverpool. We, we have Oh, it's like a, it's like a subset of Well, well it's like, you know, if you're from Liverpool, you're called a scouter. If you are from Newcastle, you are called a Jordy. Oh, okay. Okay. If you're from London, you, you know, you used to be called the Cockney, you know what I mean? Yeah. Oh Right, right, right. All Right. And if you're from Scotland, you're called a jock. Why?


Why those different kind of things. Where did the, where did all these come from? Like if you're from Beverly Hills, you're called the douche. Right, Right. So, So, So, no, it is. So yeah. Scouser is, So a scouter is someone that comes from Liverpool. Yeah. Oh, okay. Who's like, who's like a true liver Po Indian who has a, you know who's right. Sort of. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. You know, Working class fool. Why do People think you're faking the accent? When I, I went like, what? I'm not ear it. So I've always spoke. So to me It's so weird. I dunno. It's, I never heard that one. Alright, tell me about break dancing. Because I was, I did it too. And I would, I would absorb the pain and then walk away. Like, that was really fun. But I'd be in so much pain. Like, I never did the head spins or anything, but I constantly was break dancing.


It, it Was just what it was just, we did his Kids because you did it in Liverpool and I did it. Like, I was like, I like when I read that I was like, I did that too. That's so crazy. Where, Where was you when you did your break dancing? Oh, anywhere. Anywhere. There's a, A mall, a fucking dinner theater. Anywhere there, there was a piece of cardboard. I would just go watch this and do The war. Well we used to, we, we even bought Lino. So you, we, you know, the lino that people used to put in the kitchens back in the eighties? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We used, we used to carry out on bit of Lino. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Blasted. And it was like back in the days of Elector seven and Grand Grandmaster Flash and Mel Melon, the FS five and all that kind of stuff. And we just, yeah. I dunno, it was just this whole thing that just popped up.


Obviously it came over from America and it ended up in a little town where I'm from Kby. That's so funny. And we used to go and do it in the town center. We'd, I don't even, 'cause we couldn't watch videos or nothing like that to work out what they were doing. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't even know how we, I think it got past down, but Now it's an Olympic sport. Isn't that funny? Yeah. Have, haven't seen how good it is. It's amazing. Isn't it really amazing. It's the next level. Yeah. How were the outfits? Were you, were you proud of your outfits and your hairdos? Yeah, I used to have a sh I had a shiny shell suit back in day. Yeah. Something that you could spin on. Do you know what I mean? Man, A parachute pants and like, yeah. Yeah. Sean. Sean, were you in like an Adidas track suit or were you like mc hammer pants? No, no. I, but I did have parachute pants 'cause I thought they were really cool.


You did? Yeah. I used to have a, I used to have a really lovely velo, Adidas. Oh yeah. Oh, nice Velo. Ve wear that straight to bed. Yeah. It's lovely. So, so you grew up in Liverpool or outside of Little Kirkby? Where's Kirkby Kirby? It's just kind of like 35 minutes from the city center. Yeah. Do you know Steven? You must know John Bishop? I, not personally, but I've, not personally. No. No, I've never met. I've met him a couple of times socially, but I don't know him personally. Yeah. Okay. Nice. That's the guy you did the film that's based on Willie. Yes. Who's also, who's, who's also Scouter. That's right. Yeah, that's right. The film that we did is, is based on his life.


Yeah. His story. When, when's this film coming out? But I thought you would fairly soon. Yeah. We just, I I met John by chance and, and he told me a story of how he became a standup comedian, which is a really kind of an interesting story. And he kind of by mistake, and he was going his, he was separated from his wife and they were getting divorced and he went to a to do standup. He, he went to go for a, a drink and they were charging a cover because it was a open mic night. And he put his name down just so he could get in. And they called him and he had a few, and he went up and just started doing standup. And then he, it was quite cathartic and he started going back and he didn't tell anybody. And that's how he got into Standup. Well, did you ever discuss doing it as him and doing the whole Liverpool accent or anything?


Not Really, because we didn't want it to be too much, you know, too, like Billy Elliot or Full Monty, you know what I mean? Right. Like all due respect to those movies, we, we just wanted to tell a difference. So we, we said it in New York, Steven and I, I wrote it with an Englishman, with Mark Chap and, and Bradley Cooper directed and, and Bradley's in it with me as well. Yeah. Oh wow. Will do you think you could do a Liverpool accent? Yeah, You can. No, it's tough. It's a tricky one. It is quite tricky. Jay. Yeah. 'cause you hear me say it's a tricky one. Like there's a kind of like an almost like An see, but then he sounds a little bit like Miss Doubtfire age you to do that. It's a tricky one. Children, let's come down. No, We don't speak like that. It's a very difficult to accent. That's why I just kind of, I leave it alone. That one. So It sounds like there's a little bit of Scottish in there.


Is it, is is Liverpool North? Yes. Yeah. It's, it is and it's kind of, I think it's an amalgamation of Irish Scottish. Yeah. But also kind of because of the docks and the pollution. It's kind of to do with nasal and throat kind of extractions or whatever. Do you know what I mean? Will's got that down. There's a science behind it. There's a, there are, there are a lot of Irish people who immigrated to Liverpool. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 'cause it sounds a little bit Irish. Well, A lot, a lot of scouters. I say scar is, scouts are just lazy artists that couldn't be asked going through America. When the boat came, they just stayed at Liverpool and didn't move forward. You know what I mean? So It's kind of now the, the f the the fellas and the Beatles did they have famously thick Liverpool accents.


But, but back then the accents were slightly different. Really? And, and obviously it's changed, but, but they, yeah. All of all of them. Paul Ring golf, Leon and George, Leon George, obviously they all have that Liverpool accent. Yeah. But theirs was a lot more kind of thingy at the time, do you know what I mean? Right, right. It's more logical and, and like, like nice little notes and things. That's The, that's the go-to when anybody does an impression of a liberal. Yeah. Yeah. So wait, so you, so growing up there, what, what was your window to wanna be an actor when you were break dancing? You're like, wait, if I'm not a break dancer, I'm gonna be a It for me. It was, it, there was, It was really interesting because when I was about, I think 11, we were doing a play in school and across the road from my nana's house, a wonderful man called Drew Schofield lived there and he was an actor and he was on television and he was on a show called Scully, which was really popular.


And that was about a young man who had this dream and this fantasy of playing for Liverpool. And he was the lead role in that. And he lived across the road from my nana's house. Wow. And no one in my family was ever into the arts or anything like that. You know what I mean? My dad, me and my dad used to go to gallery and stuff like that and everything. And, and heavily into films. My dad got me riding into films when I was a young lad, but no one had done anything like that. But I could see Drew across the road and he was on the tele every week. So it made me realize that it was a possibility. Right, right. And if he came to watch a play we did in school, his nephew is in the same play. And at the end of it, he said to my mom and dad, he said, look, I think Steven's really talented. You should look at maybe taking him to a youth theater or something.


And thank God, you know what I mean? I did. I went to the Everyman Youth Theater and that's kind of where it all started. How about that? Did you ever think along the way in high school, maybe I should do my studies in such a way where I can get into a college and maybe study up on another career. Was there ever a backup? There wasn't, but there was also that kind of, I went to, I would, my intention was to go to university and, and you know, if I could, if I couldn't make it as an actor Yeah. But give it a go, then I would hopefully fall into being a teacher. That was kind of the other role I was looking at. And the other way of going down really Like an elementary teacher that, that teaches all subjects or, or specializing in one in high school or college?


No, just teaching drama in like Oh, oh, oh, gotcha. A high school. Do you know what I mean? Because over here we have GCSEs and stuff and that kind of, so that's secondary school being a, being a a drama teacher. That was another possibility. Yeah. That I looked at. Or if not, believe it or not, I wanted to be a fireman. Yeah. Wow. Sure. Why not? Same now. Wait. But, but this is pretty wild. Like, I, I had no idea being With a firemen. Yeah. Be with a fireman, Say, no, no, it's fire. It's the firemen and village people. That guy. Yeah, That's right. I keep forgetting. That's what it's, wait, your dad, your biological dad was Jamaican and Your My granddad was from Jamaica. Yeah.


And your, and your stepdad African American. Yes, yes. Pops. Pops. That's awesome. Pops familys, yeah. Pops, you know, has been there since I was 10. So he's the man that's raised me. He's my father. And, And did you ever talk to your biological dad? I mean, when he was Yeah. Yeah. We, you know, we, we haven't spoken for a while. There's, there's no animosity there. You know, I, I said kind of threw that, But he didn't, he didn't, Didn't. Sean, Sean, are you familiar with this area? Yes, yes. Oh God. Hang on. I gotta get that. Hey, dad calling one second. Can you? Hello? Sometimes you grow apart, don't you? You know what I mean? In many ways. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or yeah, sometimes you just drive away. Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's the running jokes, Stephen, that my dad left when I was five anyways, so, okay, so, and you, and you have siblings, and then did He, and then did he really leave when he was five?


Did he Oh yeah. He, he spun the wheels. He, he just threw out and threw it and drive. And there was reach. He was, yeah. They, they didn't see any warning signs. I mean, other than he bought a sports car. A two cdy worst sports car. Five kids. No, No. Wait a minute. Well, let's, let's be serious for a second. Did he, did he, did he, did he just, did he say, I'm just gonna go to shop? I'll be back in a minute. Yeah. Get some milk. No, He, he was in, he was in the, a Korean war and he came back and he married my mom a Korean war or the Korean War, the Korean Okay. Was loved Him. He was in the, he was in the army. And then he came back and he married my mom and had five kids. And this said, this isn't for me Back to Korea. Yeah. But I don't know where, I don't know.


This isn't for me. I'd rather be back in a war theater than be part of this Shit. So we hang on. So five. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And then he made the decision to fuck off. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Really, Steve? A selfish bastard. If you spend a lot of time with Sean, it you'll, it'll make sense. Yeah. No. Wait, wait. Sean, what number are you within that? Five? Five. What, what, What Number are you within that five? Are you the five Oh, I'm the youngest. I'm the youngest. Yeah. He is the One that really sealed the deal. Fought Me Well, he stayed for the phase four, Sean. Yeah, you were the one. I'm sorry man. They bang on the money there. I mean, he put up with Ford, and he was around as soon as you came, it was like, get the fuck, fuck out. Sean. Sean, do you think it was the break dancing?


Do you think that was Complain? Maybe drove Him to the neo line. I Ain't, I ain't raising any kid that does that. Sean, you really were the straw that brought the camels back, weren't You? It really was. God's funny. You get a lot of therapy now though, Sean. You Oh God, I love it. Totally. I love it. Love you So much. Yeah. You know what I gotta say of, of all the jokes that we do about it, there is, Sean is so in front of this trauma, if you will, in a way that you talk about it in such a very healthy way, which is why we do joke about it for our listener, right? 'cause there's sometimes people are like, man, you guys are really rough on Sean. No. I mean, the way that we deal with stuff, all of us is by laughing about it. Yeah, Totally. Totally. And it's earned laughter because you've been through all the processing and all the therapy.


Yeah, that's exactly right. And now that's right. Now you landed in the Laughter and I don't, it seemed, I grew up Irish Catholic, So I, we stuffed everything. So my therapy is to talk about the shit that I could, wasn't allowed to talk about when I was a kid. Exactly. And so it feels good to do. That's why I talk about my mom's fake eye. Anyway, we Go on that. Yeah. Steven, she, yeah. So we, we can move over to the mother now. You with her just the fake eyeball. Yeah. Ad nausea. We talked about it. Steve just was like, what? We brought the, his sister. We were on tour and his sister brought the eyeball out on stage and open it in a box and stuff. And we took it out. It was, it was a lot of fun. Steven Doesn't know whether we're kidding or No, We It's true. It's, it's true. So, so your mom had a fake eyeball.


Yeah. Yeah. We were never allowed to ask about it, Except what she through It. It's a glass eye then. Yeah. Was glass eye, glass eye. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. How did she lose it? Nobody knows. She can't, still can't find it. She had cancer when she was two years old, and so they had to take her eyeball out. Anyway, it's hilarious story. Angel, Is your mom still alive? Nobody knows again. No. She passed away. No, but the Eye is No, She, she passed away. Oh, God. Six years ago, maybe seven years ago. Anyway, I want to talk the Irony that you don't remember in in that. Yeah. In that she, Well, I know she, it was January of 2021.


No, 2019 maybe. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. But look how well balanced you are. Look at, I know. Whatever it is, it mess you a nice young boy. No, You're Not a mess. I, I mean it the way that you talk about it, you, that you're so open about it and that you have come out the other side as JB said and done all the work. It's, it is very healthy. Well, thank You. Inspiring. That's very nice. Right? To be honest, it is inspiring. We'll be right back.


Dip your toes into five star luxury. At three star prices with a summer getaway to Scottsdale, while the rest of the country is sweating it out. In humid cities or battling beach crowds, Scottsdale offers something different. Luxury resorts starting from $79 nightly with chilled pools, world class spas, vibrant dining, sunrise, yoga, desert, stargazing, and moonlight adventures from horseback riding to kayaking and golf. Plus summer means incredible deals on high end stays, so you can live large for less. Whether you're making a splash with the kiddos at an epic resort, waterpark, savoring a bucket list culinary experience, enjoying sunrise yoga or teeing off or finding your glow with a day at the spa. Scottsdale is swimming with endless opportunities for fun, relaxation, and adventure. You'll save up to 60% on stays at their finest hotels and resorts, which means more freedom to play, splurge, and indulge in all the excitement our magical Sonoran desert city has to offer. This is the best time to splurge on something fun for the entire family. Visit summer in scottsdale.com.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. Now I'm a man. I have mental health. Or sometimes what would be the opposite of health? Mental illness. It type. No, I, I, I, well, listen, we all kind of fluctuate between feeling good, feeling weird, feeling bad, feeling up, feeling down. It's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a constant changing thing. You know why? 'cause we're not robots. All right. So there's a stigma that comes around asking for help or seeking help, getting help, accepting help, all that. That's all a bunch of garbage. That's old. We are current, we are new, we are modern men, and we need help just like everyone else. So reaching out to BetterHelp is a great way to do it. You're just, you're there on your phone anyway. Men today face immense pressure to keep it all together. But bottling things up can lead to depression or unhealthy habits. So it's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying, so you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man, you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. Like you can join a session with a therapist at the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. Wait, so you had brothers and sisters growing up? Yes. And were they interested in what you did, or no? Not, not really, no. They don't do anything near what you do. Well, My life's very complicated. 'cause with that biological father similar to yours, he went off and he had four children to four different women. Oh, wow. Wow. Yeah. But, but you know, look, everyone Easter their own. Yeah, I'm all right. Now I'm out. The other side of it mean, are you an Only only child from, from No, I'm not, because my mom and pops, they had Nathan, who, there's a 20 year gap between me and Nathan. Older or younger. He's my little brother Helix. I'm 20 years older than him.


Oh, wow. My mom had me when she was 20, and she had our kid when he, when she was 40. Wow. Yeah. That's so it, the beauty of that though, is I was, I had all my time with my mom, who, God bless her soul, I adored. And all that time with Pops who, you know, I, I loved her bits, who's, who raised me. Like I said, you know, he taught me about my history, Marcus Garvey, Malcolm X, Tucson, all of those things about my historical, you know, background and, and where my, my, my origins are from. Yeah. So I was given all of that beautiful information by him. So I was always educated in that respect. And then when I was ready to leave, to go to university at the age of 20, Nathan was born. Wow.


Wow. So we never had any of that sibling rivalry. And I, and I love Aunt Nathan debits, you know, technically lucky. He could have been my child. You know what I mean? Yeah. That, that kind of thing. We, that age difference is there. But it's, it is a wonderful relationship I have with Nathan. And it's a beautiful relationship's I have with my, my dad who's there for my kids. Massively. I love that expression. Our, our Nathan. That, that you get like my friend who grew up in sort of the West country, they say like our mark. Yeah. You know, I love that there's something really endearing about it. It just sort of, the, the inclusiveness of it and, and, you know, it's Sweet. It's quite lovely. I mean, my dad's this, sorry, just to pick up on that point as well. When I was, when I, when I, when I, I was about 14 and I said, I, I think I really wanna be an actor.


Dad was like, all right, come on, let's go. And I was like, what? And he was like, do you wanna do it properly? And I was like, yeah. So he took me to the video shop. Remember the old fashioned video shop? Yeah. Yeah. Helix. Like a library. Yeah. A Blockbuster Video. It was before Blockbuster even. This was just the local video shops, just the little one, the little independent ones. Okay. And we went in and we looked and he picked these three films, and it was, he picked the Deer Hunter, the Godfather and taxi driver. And then we went home and he was like, right, we're gonna watch these. This is how you do it properly. Let's watch these films. And we spent the whole weekend rewatching those three films. Wow. Which is, which is your favorite from those three?


I It three Ricky on, isn't it? I love the Deal Hunter. If I, I love the De Hunter. Yep. I love that. And then when you were in your twenties, you were eng like 14 years old, you said you wanted be in, in six years later you're in Gangs of New York with Martin Scorsese. I mean Yeah. That's crazy. Was fast. That was so Was another incredible film. Yeah. Mind blowing as well to be a part of. I mean, yeah. What was, what was that like from the moment that you knew that it was a project that was happening to getting an audition to being there? Can You walk that? Well, it was, it was, I, I got the call from my agent and said, right, we need you to come in and do a read and put yourself on tape. And So I went into London and I, and I, I met Ellen Lewis, who's wonderful, amazing.


We just had a really lovely time. And I read this, these couple of scenes, and then I went away and it was one of them, you know, where you don't air for like four or five weeks later and you kind of go, it's over. There's no chance. So as a job and actor and a young glad I had to go for this, we've all done it. That's, let's be honest, I had to go for this bag of shit audition. Yeah. And I really didn't want to go. It was fucking awful. Yeah. But I'm on the train, I'm sweating. I'm on my way into London, you know, you gotta pay the rent Haven, you gotta eat. Yeah, sure. So I'm there, I'm like, ha, and I'm, and I'm going through this fucking awful script. And I'm like, okay, alright. Yeah. Having a coffee. And then the next minute my phone goes, and it was my agent Jane. And she said, damn. She said, are you sitting down? I was like, yeah, I'm sitting down.


She went, right, okay, you've got that part in gangs in New York. She was like, what? She went, yeah, they came back Today, you've got a flight to, you've got a fly to Italy. I say, this was Friday. You've got a flight to Italy on Monday. Marty wants to sit down and talk to you and go through the character. And I was like, what? Then I was made up. God, but then, but then the best bit was I went, does that mean I don't have to go for this audition now that Yeah. She went, No, you don't have to go for that. I was like, thank Fuck that. And so then I flew out there and, you know, and, and we met and, and it was wonderful. And it was just a wonderful experience. Yeah, that's great. Where I became friends with Leo as well. That's when we Yeah. Leo. And there was some story about a golf cart or something. We wore a golf cart around the set.


Yeah. I tipped a golf cart over and I nearly broke his leg. Yeah. Oh, Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You can get really messed up on those things. Yeah, Yeah. You don't realize that They're dangerous. I think that if you go to my Wikipedia page and you look at my filmography, Steven, they all fall under the category of you have to pay the rent for what it's, for what it's worth. Okay. Well, and, and then, and then this is wild. So one of the three movies you mentioned was The Godfather, and then you're with Pacino, you know, in the Irishman. Well, can You, can you imagine that phone call to me dad? I, I mean, that's incredible. That's incredible. What I had to go to. It was, it was a wonderful, wonderful story.


I, I was doing a, a a a a, a little series over here called The Virtues with Shane Meadows. And it was, it was a wonderful experience. And, and on the Friday I had to fly to New York to, to go to Marty's house, to, to meet Robert De Niro because Rob was an exec and you had to meet him and he wanted to, you know, make sure that I was right and, and things like that. So, so you can imagine how nervous I was. And I had to fly to New York. So I, I finished work, I think first thing Monday they let me go early, So I had to fly out. And then I got there and literally I had to land, go to Marty's house and, and see Marty. And then I met, I'm sitting there, and then Bob comes up and he's got his little cap on and he's got a paper underneath his arm and pair of shorts and a little bag of shit.


And he's like, Hey. And we, we, it was, it was unbelievable. It was amazing. We, we had a wonderful afternoon, but Ellen had said to me, look, he doesn't really talk much, so, and I'm thinking, oh shit. Yeah, yeah. She was like, so you might have to make some conversation. I'm like, okay. Anyway, cut to, we were there for about two and a half hours and then, and then I, and then they went like, right, okay, you best go. And then I said, have I got the part? I went, I can't, I can't leave now without knowing if I've got the part. And then Bob was like, just give us a minute. Go on. Just, just give us a minute. And I was like, oh, shit. Okay. Have to have me hardest. I don't know if this is gonna work. I hope So. I dunno if he likes me. First of all, he was like, you're not Italian. I'm like, no, I'm not Italian. And, and so then I come back in and I sit down and he goes, he goes, sit down, sit down.


I let Marty tell you. And then he, Marty was like, okay kid, so do you wanna do this? And I was like, of course. And then, and then, and then I got a hug off them. And I felt like, you know, when all the films, when I felt like I was a maid man, do you know what I mean? Or You were about to be killed Boss. Yeah. Or to be taken out the back and put two in the two in the head. And then you can imagine that phone call to my dad and, and the pride gets me emotional just thinking about it a little bit. You know, I'm a young kid from a block of flats, a young mixed race kid who had a dream to be an actor and Sure. And my dad took me to that video shop, like you say, Sean. And then the next minute I'm phoning him up saying I'm gonna be in a film with Robert DeNiro and Pacino and being Directed by Martin Scorsese.


So, so that's cool. You know? That's really cool. Oh Man. It's one of those beautiful Stories. It's, and, and Martin Scorsese is, is famous for many things. One of which though is, is his kindness and his warmth and his spirit on set. And you've had the chance to work with him at least twice there. Three, three times. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Good for you. Amazing. Yeah, It's really cool. Amazing. He's a lovely one. And then when I, I met you Steven at the Graham Norton show just in February. Hmm. And you were So, I mean, I just fucking loved you right away. You were so normal and kind and like, it was just Great. That's such a fun show. They should, they should air that. Steven, what did you think of Sean? I mean, he Said that about you. I mean, be honest and be brutally honest.


Be he was lovely. It was Was like A ray of sunshine. Yeah, Sure. Yeah, for sure. Sean was A ray of sunshine. Yeah, he lovely. Or Sean, Your Sean. See, look, see and dear. And there your Sean was lovely. Found him really wonderful. Do you know what I mean? He, he was very Gregarious. It was lovely. And afterwards I was like, oh my God, you gotta come on the show. So it's nice you Yeah, he did. But wait, but you, you were promoting a movie where you trained to be a this boxer That's right. And the movie's called That's right. A Thou A Thousand Blows. It Was a, you had a TV series on, on Disney, a thousand Blows you had set in set in the 18 hundreds. That one. And, and I haven't seen it yet, but those clips, I was like, that looks incredible. Oh, go ahead. A thousand blows.


No, Sean, and well, Jason and I are just looking at each other On a thousand. Who's got the joke here? Yeah. Who wants to go on a thousand Blows? You Have it. I don't have it yet. I'm still writing it. Well, you're there. Go ahead. See Mind me is when, as soon as they said Right. A thousand blows my miss, my misses went. Sounds a bit like a top shelfer. I Mean, it just, It's like, it's like, It's Sean, right? It's, it's like my summer in Sean Hayes, my summer in Menos a Thousand Blows. So My timeshare on Fire Island. I imagine it's different than that, Steven. Yeah. The movie.


Are you, are you, did you train? Did you, did you train as a fighter? I can't believe. Yes. I trained, oh, sorry, you're asking him. Sorry. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Yeah, I did. Yeah, I did Will. Yeah, I did. I did. Yeah. Yeah, I did a lot of boxing it shit. Loads of protein and did, yeah, it was, it was great. I had six months when I got into the best shape I've ever been In. Yeah, I mean, you're very young. I mean, you're not 20, but you're still pretty young. But I'm 51. Yeah, yeah. To, to do all that training at 51. That's crazy. Like you, you so A boxing fan or are, are you a Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I've always been a boxing fan. Yeah. Yeah. And how do you feel about where boxing is now? Or have you, have you transferred over to UFC or are you still a purist with the boxing? I like UFCI ju I just, I just, I'm not a hundred percent on the kind of look.


It, it's attracting audiences. I get that. I understand that. Yeah. But I think it's gone a little bit sensationalist now. Yeah. And so t kind of, I'm a, I'm, I'm, I'm more of a fan of the pure art of purism, do you know what I mean? And the belts. Yeah. Yeah. And I feel like the belt's an important, and to be number one in the world or a world champion is an important thing to be, do you know what I mean? But yeah, I'm Gonna, I'm gonna say something that's maybe unpopular, which is that my, my problem with this sort of the MMA in general is that there, there is a, to me anyway, there is a kind of a darkness around it that I find, you know, around the culture of it that I, that I find really almost A blood lust puts me off. Yeah. Yeah. There's something about it there. Boxing, you get that is the, the sort of the purity, right.


Of the, the sweet science or the, is that what they call it, right? Yeah. The sort of the art of it. And, and of course there's a ton of art to MMA and I'm not disparaging what the, what the athletes do, but the sort of the, the culture around it, to me there's a, I don't know, there's, there's a sort of a darkness to it. I just, me, I mean, start starting with them, doing it all in a cage. Yeah. The optics of it. But it's still, it's pretty, it's really fascinating. And it's multiple, the multiple disciplines. Exactly. The multiple inside the inside that cage oh's incredible. Is kind of cool. So Yeah. I'm, I'm conflicted on it myself. Yeah. And to me though, one of, one of my favorites is Paddy the Baddy who is also, and he's great.


He's fantastic. No, he, do you guys know this guy? Who is that? He's so funny. He's so funny. Yeah. Is he a boxer? He's a, he's an MMA fighter. He's An MMA fighter. He's so profoundly funny to me. Every time I see him, God, he's good. And he's tough as nails. Yeah. He's amazing. He's fanta he's brutal. But he also, he also doesn't take himself too seriously as well at all. And I love the kind of showmanship of that cat. Look, Ali was the best showman we ever had. Yeah. But you know, he also, and you, and you go Yeah, but Ali respected the other fighters. No, he didn't. No. If you listen to some of the things he used to say, especially to George Foreman, He said Was they were horrific. And Patty the bat, he uses that. And that, that thing that you guys scousers do of calling everybody lad and, and, and putting lad in everywhere.


And, and, and there's something sort of dispar hilariously disparaging when you use the term lad. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. Yeah. I have a look at him. Jay, you some of his videos, he's really funny as well. Oh my God. He's very sharp. Yeah, he's Really Is he, what, what weight class is he? I'm not too sure. It's, it might be lightweight. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. All your tattoos. Did you have to, did you just not cover them up or, or No, I did. I did. Yeah. Which that was, you'd spend like 50 minutes in this chair getting when we did the thing. Yeah. It's, it's, and Then they don't come off in the shower. The, the, the cover up and Kabi. Ah, really? And you had, you have a, a, a tattoo of your nanny or for your nanny or something. And I, I never heard this term.


A a fairy cake. We just call it a cupcake. Yeah. Mean, no, my nanny, she used to win. Go ahead. Well, she used, she used to make fairy cakes. She, yeah. Cupcakes. Cupcakes, Okay. Yeah. Fairy. Yeah. That's cute. Nothing on, nothing on fairy cake. Will No, I'm sorry. Gb. No, no. I'll give you, I'll give you a couple more minutes. Go ahead. No, how continue with the interview? I never, I never heard that before. I never heard Drinking. No, no, no, no. Not obviously not a lot of Americans have Just Hey, fairy cakes. Did you, So then what is your, what, what, when you're not doing these incredible projects, Steven, what, what is something, what, what, what is your, what is your primary hobby?


It's not, I bet it's not boxing. What is something that, that, that occupies your time that, that people might be surprised about? Oh, meditation. Yes. Yeah. Right. Meditation. I love that. I'm, I've, I'm constantly trying to learn how to do that without falling asleep. 'cause it's like, it's right, it's right on the edge. No, he is bang on the door. And you may laugh, but that's the key. Yeah. The, the key is not to fall asleep. There's a wonderful practitioner called Muji. Yeah. If you get a chance, I go on YouTube, I'll type in Muji and have a listen to him. His, his voice is fantastic. But his pointings and his teachings are wonderful. And, and he always says, you know, look, try and the basic aim is to try not to fall asleep in many ways with meditation, but in the same 'cause.


That's that. But if you think about it, when the head shuts off, most of the time it's when you're asleep. Yeah. Right. You know, that's when the subconscious comes into effect. But predominantly it's that kind of trying to stop the white noise and that constant pounding of the head to step out. But it's just allowing it to, oh, where have I gone yet? It's just allowing it To No, it's good. I wanna, it's trying To get it, it's, it's trying to get your brain to think about nothing. Nothing. Right. And that, but then, but then that's the key. We'll see. Sorry Jason. That's the key, isn't it? You we're trying to get the ba to think about nothing and in that trying, you are already doing. So it's that kind of just letting the clouds pass. Yeah. I love that. Do You know what else I've got into? If, if you stop ice baths, but not in an egotistical sense, just that kind of like maybe two, if you do two minutes, it does everything your body needs.


Physiology Will, does it all the time. I've been doing it for 10 years. I've been doing it for 10 years. And it, and it is been a game changer for me, man. Absolutely. Game, game changer. And it is, that is, I don't, I, I wish I could meditate. Like JB I've thought about it. I've sort of, I've gotten apps before and I've tried it and I've had, and, and I remember somebody saying to me once, like, imagine a stream and, and leaves are falling off the stream. And each thought is like a leaf is, each thought is like a leaf. And then just let it go with it a little bit and then you can just reset back. Yes. Under the fix. I Just started doing it and again, And, and, and, and it does work, but I do it in the cold. I do, I get in that thing where I just, oh, I'm like, I'm gonna do three minutes and I just think about my breathing. Yeah. Think about my breathing. And then, yeah. When I first started doing, when I first started meditating, this is, I'm talking about a month ago, like really doing it.


I start, every single time I would do it, I'd start to cry because my brain works overtime constantly from the moment I wake up to the moment I go to bed, I'm like constantly thinking about it, blah, blah, blah. And it's going 80 miles an hour from anxiety, whatever, and then, and sugar. So I didn't, lot of sugar. I didn't and sugar. And I didn't know what to do with myself when I'm still Yeah. So I, I would just start welling up and I was like, but now I'm not anymore. That's, That's sitting. Yeah. You seem fixed for sure. You nailed. It's, it's that, look, it's, you can do, you can be mindful with anything you do. You don't have to, the art of it itself is the art. The practices can be the art. You know what I mean? At least you're taking that time. You Also might be outta tears, Sean. Yeah, true.


It might just be true rebuilding the, well, this is true. But there is that thing of also like you, when you're doing it and then you hear like you, you isolate the sound of the refrigerator running or whatever. Yeah. And that's okay, then think about then, then focus on that. Yeah. Then allow those things. And it's just a, it's the allowing, it's the constant. And Then when you, when you're done with the, with the meditation, you really do feel calmer and more focused and present. I mean, it sounds like, Have you ever tried tm? Have you ever, Steven, have you ever tried tm? I, I haven't. So I wanted to do that. Something I'd be in that. Oh, transcendental. What's the Difference? Yeah. I, I don't really know, but I guess that that's a different, it's a different practice. The transcendental meditation. Yeah. That was all that kind of David Lynch skill, wasn't it? And everything, was it? Yeah. I think so.


Steven, you, you, we've taken up way too much of your time. Thank you for being here. Not Enough of your time. God, I can talk to you forever. I know. I love you. I agree. Where are you right now and what are you gonna do the rest of the day? I am in New York. We got here on Yeah. Got here on Monday and then Seth Myers, I think we're doing today, this afternoon. Yeah, sure. Later on. And then, and then I'm gonna go home. And to answer your question as well, Jason, my family is, is my favorite thing to do in the whole. I Bet. Yeah. I feel very blessed and very, I'm very lucky and I'm full of gratitude that I have, I have the most amazing wife and, and two gorgeous kids. I love bits. Yeah. That's so great for you. I love that blessing. You. Well, we love you. Thank you for being here, Steven.


Yeah. So thank you Steve. Big, big fan Of yours. Huge Fan. Huge fan of yours, man. You keep, keep going, keep going. Yeah. Thank You. Thanks my friend. Thanks for, how Do they say, how do they say goodbye in Liverpool? I don't know. Rah Tara. That's ta I Never Heard that. Ta tara. Ta ta ta. Enjoy the rest of your day. See you bud. You too. Take care. Thank you. Cheer. See, cheer you later. Cheers. Bye. Byebye. Byebye. Sean. What a guest. I Love him. I mean, when I met him, when I met him at, at the Graham Norton show, I was like, oh, I totally know Stephen Graham. Like I know his work and, and, but I didn't, you never know how anybody is. And and I met him. We ended up just talking and talking and I'm like, he's such a great human being, A Nice spirit, great Vibe.


Yeah. And so talented and, and so many things that we all know. You know, so many big movies and TV shows and everybody. Yeah. She's been a really high level character actor for a long, long time. Like you, you'd probably like, if you'd like, put one of your, one of your favorite movies on You haven't watched for a while, you go Yeah. Oh, there He is. Oh, there. Stephen Graham. Yeah. What another, another great example I, we were talking about recently of somebody who had talent came from, didn't come from an environment that was conducive to making his way into showbiz. And had a mentor, had somebody who said, Hey, this kid's great. Right? He should go here and Right. Just another, you Know. Yeah. We've talked about it before. You need that next, that next stage of people that believe in you after your parents.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm still looking. I I know. Sean, listen, I believe in you. Sean, look at Me. I'm looking at you. Hey. Yeah, you're great. Oh, your eyes are crossing. Your eyes are, No, I'm trying to find you. I'm trying to find you. So Jason, here we go. Jason and Will I had I, I ordered, remember when I told you I was in Ojai? Oh my God. Oh yeah. You Know what the worst part is, is just the fucking, it's his face. Yeah. So I love To watch you change lanes on the highway. You must put your car into a four wheel slide when you do it. I love, I'm still laughing at so fair kicks.


Listen. So no, I, I really did order some when I was in Ohio last weekend. Really? I ordered some tea and it was, it was hibiscus tea. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So the opposite of hibiscus tea would, would Probably be chamomile. Are are you trying to get us to say Bibis? Hibiscus? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's not a thing. Thing. That's not a word. Well, we do that sometimes, but it's not the thing. No, no. Sorry Jay. I, I deciphered that. I mean, we, we almost needed the enigma machine for that To try to I was nowhere, was nowhere near, I was I can't believe you got that. I was nowhere near that hibiscus. Okay, lemme do another one.


We know we just planted. Did you see him click the file. This is what you do. During the day, I was in the, I was in the backyard and we, we planted some hydrangeas. Okay. Okay. And so after we were done and I walked away, I said, bye hydrangeas. That ones, that one's not bad. Jesus Christ. Sorry listener. We'll see you next time. Smart, smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant.


Terry Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco


Smart Less At Amica Insurance. We know it's not just what's inside your home that matters. It's who you share it with. That's why we work even harder to protect it. And as a mutual insurance company, we're built for our customers. We prioritize your needs and are here for you when you need us. Amica Empathy is our best policy. Call 8 7 7 4 1 AMIKA for a free coverage review.


Road trips are all about the sight, the sounds, and the snacks. So pack the ultimate road trip fuel Blue Diamond Dals this summer. They're your chance to win a new car. Buy any 12 ounce or larger bag. Enter the code@bdroadtrip.com and you could score thousands of prizes, including a new set of wheels. Hit the road with Blue Diver, no purchase necessary. End September 15th, open to 50 US and DC 18 years or older. For rules including free entry method, visit bd roadtrip.com void. We're prohibited. Grand prize awarded as $50,000 cash via PayPal. This promotion is no way sponsored, endorsed, administered by or associated with PayPal, Inc.