
Support for this podcast. And the following message comes from Marvel television and Disney Plus, from the Twisted Minds behind Wand Visions comes an all new Marvel original series Agatha. All along this Halloween season, revenge is a witch. You don't wanna Miss Agatha Harkness Return to Darkness as she assembles a coven to regain her power and wreak vengeance. Starring Catherine Hahn and Aubrey Plaza, Marvel television's. Agatha all along to episode premier streaming this Wednesday only on Disney Plus.


So, Hey guys. Hey. Hey, Sean. Hey. Hi. Hey. What city are you in? Everybody's been traveling so much. Where are you At? I'm in the Los ese. Will is as well. I'm in Los Angeles. I'm in New York Now. Sean, you've been in New York for a little while, right? Yeah, I'll be home in a month. Wow. In a month. Yeah. Yeah. You just, you just hopping around, just catching shows, eating dinners. Yeah. And just enjoying, yeah. Yeah. Just doing anything I, I can stuff my face with. Are you doing okay? Hmm? Let's keep it clean. It's the opening. Yeah. This isn't all new smart list, dude. Smart, Smart Bless.


I ran out of Pop-Tarts, so this morning I made an English muffin. Oh, Don't worry. We read the internet. We saw it. You made an English muffin. I've done CNN Dude. What'd you stick in? All the nooks and crannies. So butter. And then I made my own cinnamon, like mixture, cinnamon, sugar, mixture. Cinnamon and sugar. By the way, by the way, when you said made your own, meaning you put cinnamon with sugar. Yeah, that's right. And then you start over. Okay. Okay. Don't, don't talk like you I went into the lab. Yeah. And Yeah. No, the disposable time you've got right now, Sean. Hayes. It's incredible. It's incredible. I am so are jealous in fumes. I, I've gone back to bed twice already this morning. Oh, really? But Jay, but Jay, you, you, you just did a back and forth.


You went, you went, you were overseas on a thing, and then you came back to la then you went to New York a couple days, and then you came back. And you came back. Why? Yeah, Because I, I don't know. I, I literally, I, that's, I I almost canceled this today. I almost called in and said that I, I might have covid or something. I'm so frightening. But I can tell you're tired. But Why did you fly back again this weekend? Can I And I know you're gonna say it. 'cause I wanna see the kids and stuff, but come on, man. You gotta take care of yourself. You can't do that. Well, Yeah. You could take care of yourself because I gotta come back. I gotta, I'm, I'm editing. I edited yesterday. Edit today. You know, it's like, it's a lot. And were you up, were you up late editing? No, I went to bed at nine, got up at four 30. So, and, and Okay. You're just tired, But, yeah, but just my clock.


Let Sean and me edits. It's a real boring high class. No, no, No. But let de Sean and I'll edit. It'll be fun. It'll be so new to you. You'll be like, what the fuck? What? That's a great new Approach. Yeah. Huh? Scott? Scott. And I. I know Jason loves this Kathy and Res section of the show. I do. I've got my coffee here. Okay, good. So, Scott And, I, were doing our will and testament, you know, like the, you have to fill out, you have to do the icky stuff. Oh my God. That sucks. Congratulations. You guys are, it's all going to you. We're in, wait, Scotty's Out. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. So, wait, so Shawnee. So you and you and Scott are, yeah, We did it.


And the guy, it was just, it's stupid. But you know, you have to go in there and you sit in this, you know, conference room with the guy with this, you know, estate lawyer. And he goes, I said, I go, so wait a minute. Lemme get this straight. So if I die, And I was doing like before where, and then after, but I'll, so I go if I die, he goes, I'm gonna stop you when you die. go ahead. And I. I love That. There's such, so China And I was, Was like, wow, It's coming for you. Yeah. I'm sorry. When you die, go ahead. And I was like, Jesus. But You know what though? You know what Sean, so I had on, what is today? I had, last weekend, I had our, all of our good friend Bradley over here, and we were watching some soccer and stuff.


And he came over and we, And I said, and as you guys know, 'cause Jason takes fucking pictures of it. So does Paul ese of my freezer and my treats that I have in there. Jesus. He's, He's my treat friendly. And, I, And, I go, oh yeah, that's this like ice cream sandwich from this place out here called Round Swamp. And they make chocolate chip cookies With ice cream in the middle round swamp. That's the, that's your colon is, wow. Somebody just woke up. That's so good. That's so jealous. That's What Good colon is. So, so he goes, are you gonna have a little piece of this? I go, Hey man, I'm not coming back here. Yeah. I'm here. This one Visit Planet Earth. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm here.


This is, this is a one time visit to this planet. And you're looking to shorten it as much as possible. No, I'm looking to enjoy it as much as possible. I'm not looking for, it doesn't need to be a long, shitty time. It just needs to be, look for every Ice cream sandwich you eat, you just gotta run an extra mile or something. Yeah. Go. You know what? You, you know, what Do you enjoy it, man? Because I don't want the end of the day when we're like, Jay, how was it? And you go, here we go, and we, fuck, we gotta take the tubes out. Why did you say we take Jay? How was it? And you go, We were So fucking Hungry. The whole fucking time. All I can, all I can his out Is why don't you take me round For All I can. His out is Do I look puffy.


It's gonna say on your tombstone, Puffy died. Puffy Bateman Died with zero water retention. JB. Lemme JB JB. Can I make it? Can I get it outta you right now? If you happen to pass before me? Yeah. WW will you let me put at some point on, somewhere on your tombstone, do I Do I look puffy. Absolutely. We were, we were talking about that. Think about it. Think about it. Think about it. Don't tell me now. We were, It's a yes. We were talking about that in that, in that meeting with the, the estate lawyer, you know, will guy, and he goes, I said something, you know, came up with the, like the health initiative, like, you know, the, I forget what it's called, where you can pull the plug or not, you know?


Oh, yeah, yeah. And, and he goes, you know, you just gotta make sure, like if you're in a, if you have a feeding tube or something, And, I go, I, I would hook up a feeding tube now. Yeah, sure you would. Sure you would. Sure You would. It's like, it's such a shortcut, Sean, how quickly, if if we, if we installed, then we gotta get to our guest. But if we installed, if you came home and in your kitchen Oh, that there, There, there was a trough, but it was filled. It was filled with like donuts and all the stuff you love and Skittles and Hershey syrup, Swedish Fish and Hershey's peanut butter c and all this stuff that you wanted to eat in Sloppy Joe.


How, how, how long is the time from the initial disgust and, and sort of like, you know, feeling of, of, you know, resentment and alarm, right? Yeah. Of the initial seeing it Yeah. To you actually getting down And going to town. Yeah. By, by the way, a trough of just all your favorite stuff would just be incredible. It incredible. So I'm saying the gap is pretty short. You'd, You have a savory trough and a sweet trough, right? Yeah. I mean, you kind of have a lever that would kind of like, like a train track, like a dog. Just the tube, like the little thing that would Yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah. And that's true. That'd be so trough And a And a trade track switcher.


Yeah. With my mouth just hanging on the bottom. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Hell Man, I'm gonna have Maple draw that Please. As the just get design of it, the engineering of it. Let's get, yeah, let's get some people, let's get some top design. Let's get Johnny Ives on this or somebody, you know what I mean? So Will, this is all a tee up to your classy guest. So Is that right guest who's had to endure all this? Well done. But you know what? He's a classy guest, but he's also no No stranger to having a laugh. Oh, oh boy. Because he likes to laugh. But he's also made us laugh. This guy, he's another one of these people. I can't say anything that he's done because you're immediately gonna know who he is because he's such a part of the fabric of our lives, especially the three of us.


Because we are such admirers of what he has done over the years and how much he's made us laugh and doing the stuff at the highest level that we're like, Oh, my God, And, I would, And I would say this. Not just doing stuff at the highest level for me, potentially doing what I would consider, and no offense to either of you the greatest American sitcom of all time, because it just took me through so many and it just always made me laugh. I got to talk to him about it recently with one of his co-stars. He's done a million different TV shows, but he's the best. Oh, I love this guy. He's, he's, you know, Mayday Malone. Sam Malone. He's also known as Ted Danson. Oh, oh. Ted Danson even. Hey, Ted. Hey. Ted. Danson. Hello. Good morning.


Whatcha doing? Yay. Sam Mayday Malone. You guys, Ted, with this format, should somehow find a way to have a camera on the guest while you're doing your thing, because You not often keep catching yourself. I'm doing Spit takes. I'm putting My hand over my mouth. You, I'm So fucking funny. So stupid. Ted Danson. Hello. I was just with Jimmy Burroughs last night and Debbie Burrows. Scotty And I at the Hollywood Bowl. And we were talking about you just last night. And, and Scotty And I every single, every like, I would say three or four years, we watched from the beginning to the end. No joke. Every episode of Cheers. Every several years, every episode over and over. Call Me next time you do that Ted.


Love Ted. I I had the, I, you know, Ted And I Don't really know each other. Ted Love Ted said three words so far we're amazing. No, but that's good. Trust me. That that's very good. So, so Ted and And I, you guys, you and Woody invited me on your podcast, would very, very kindly had me on and And I got to And I just watched a bunch of episodes. And so I went crazy on you guys with Cheers stuff. It's the best. But I want to talk to you about, I'm so interested in that moment. So Cheers is such a big thing, especially our generation. We grew up with it and, and you know, we were, we weren't little kids, but we loved it. I was in common. What was, what was that moment that first time you got the script for Cheers?


I, this I love this more than anything. I'm sorry. I barely heard what you were saying. 'cause I loved watching the first question of a podcast as you're trying to formulate How do we get him talking? Sorry. You're very good at it. Will. No, thank you. You Very good. No, I wanna know about Cheers. I wanna know about Cheers. Okay, so just recap. When did I know the first moment that it was a big No, What was the first moment that you laid eyes on the script for Cheers. Wow. I was doing a last second replacement on taxi. Wow. Wow. And I was there. And Jimmy and Les and Glen had an office down the way at Paramount when they were working on Cheers. And Jimmy had remembered me from, what was it, best of the West?


Do you remember that Western? That sounds familiar. Western sitcom. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, I auditioned for it, didn't get it. And he remembered me and calm me down. And I guess we had a conversation before I got the script and then read it. And then I auditioned two or three times and they said to me, okay, don't, don't take another job without letting us know And I went. Oh, That Sounds good. So is it, is it you're saying it's my part? No, just, just don't, you know, just don't take another job. Yeah. And I And I went out the back door and literally up the front door, coming up the stairs to the front door of the office was like every actor in la I think I got cheer because of Shelly Long 'cause she just, she really nailed that part right out.


Yeah. Right out. Brilliant. She was amazing. And we got teamed up together when we auditioned. We Had to audition. Well then That was as couples That must have s that must, that must have just sealed it because you and Shelly had the most incredible sitcom Chemistry. Chemistry that Yeah. Really magic chemistry. But was magic. I mean, Ted, you must have, you guys must have felt, that must be one of those things. That was instant, right? There was just no, it was inescapable. You just had the, you Know, it was great. I mean, I am always, always the worst. My first reaction to Shelly while we were auditioning was, oh no, no. That's a bad, bad idea. Oh, really? Really? Yes. Horrible. Why?


Why, why? I just, I don't know. We were so, we're so different. Our styles are approach our, everything is really different. Which is why I think it worked because it was like this fair fight. Right. You know? It was hard for us sometimes to be in the room together. But when we started working, it was, it was, it was just fantastic. 'cause you, you'd smack her and she'd smack you back harder. She was just brilliant. Did You always wanna do sitcom like television, comedies? Because you've made a, you've made, you haven't, Ted you haven't just made a career out of it. And again, at risk of embarrassing you, you've been at the top of always television comedy for, for like 40 fucking years.


Yeah. To this day when you were, when you were, it's crazy kid where you like, I wanna do a television comedy. Was that a thing that you wanted to do? No. No. Yeah, I didn't think about it until Stanford. And then I discovered acting And I was just life made sense. I was a, not an academic. I came from like, scientific people in my family. My father, my sister was incredibly bright. And I just faked my way through school. I just was over my, wow. You can't fake Your way into Stanford. Hang On. Now you No, you could back then. Really? You really, And I was geographically interesting. I came from Arizona, Flagstaff, my, all my friends were hoping Navajo kids and ranchers, sons and daughters and Galloping here and there.


And then went to a private school in Connecticut. Can't school for boys. Yeah. And. I. I think I got there for that reason. And then that's kind of interesting. And I truly, I was a horrible student the first two weeks at Stanford. I, I was sitting in an English, and this is gonna sound weird, it was an advanced placement English class because I lucked into it. 'cause I, because I'm not very bright. I test wonderfully 'cause I don't give a shit. You know? I just kind of wing it and make it a game and have fun. Yeah, yeah. For sure. But I was sitting there going, not only do I not understand what the professor just said in response to this question, this girl sitting next to me said that I have no And.


I just pretty much dropped out, wanted to play basketball, nowhere near talented enough. So all my dreams kind of fizzled. And then a little while after that, trying to take some young lady out and have a cup of coffee. And she told me about five minutes in, because I don't think she was enjoying it. I have an audition. I have to go to And I said, can I come along? And off I went. And to stay in the room. It was like a Bert old bre play. And to stay in the room, they said, well just make, do something. And I got up. And I heard people laugh. And it was like, oh, wait a minute.


Yeah. You know? And literally I, It's this drug. Yeah. I took, took my first acting class and was in some productions, And I. Pulled my station wagon with this sleeping bag in the back and never left the theater until somebody said, you should really go back east and study. So often I went to Carnegie. But there you're, wow. Hey, let me take over. Let me take over for A minute. Yeah, you go ahead. We'll learn that. Thank you so much for being our first guest. You really did as a good turn. And We did, Oh, were you the first guest? Well, in the ratings to switch a And all of that. That's so great. And thank you. Thank you. Really appreciate it. Appreciate It was a lot of, it was a lot of fun. I love talking to you and Woody so much.


I mean, you know, again, I I, we're, we're gonna, I'm gonna get off cheers at some point. 'cause I've gotten off on it so many times before. Guys See what You did there. But I love, I love it so much. And, I, And I made, I made Ted and Woody listen to me. Go on about one of my favorite moments, which I've said before, but I'm gonna say it 'cause I haven't said it here. One of my favorite moments. I think my, the the funniest moment for me in TV history for me is this moment where Shelly Long goes, you'll never see me again. You'll never see Diane Chambers ever again. This is the last time you'll ever hear from me. Yes. And, and Ted and Wood, you and all those guys are standing, they're like, they're all watching.


She makes this grand farewell. She walks out and then all of a sudden you see the door open and she realized she forgot her coat. And you see her arm come in and start to reach for the coat, the coat rack. And, and, and Carla Carla's Carla's standing there. And as she see the hand come, she's just said, you'll never see me again. Hand in feeling for the coat. And Carla just grabs the coat rack and pulls it just outta reach. Outta reach. So her hand, hand, hand hand. And then finally she falls through the, she falls through the door and Carla goes, Hey everybody, look, it's Diane. Funny. Fuck. I don't, I don't why that fucking, every part of that joke to me, every bit of it just fucking works.


It just makes me laugh. Super. Because, You know, it's coming too. And you, you're sort of like in awe of the way they're still getting it through the hoop knowing that it's coming. Yeah. The staging, the thing, the all of it is fucking amazing. Jimmy, You worked with Jimmy a lot. Sean Jimmy Burroughs. Yeah. Every single episode of Will and Grace. Every, every episode he did almost every episode of Cheers. Right. About 20 of them went to Somewhere Elsewhere. But yeah, he did tons of them. But his, his sense of physical comedy is incredible. Insane. We, we four have been so lucky to work so much in a mo multi-camera, you know, in front of a live audience. I, I mean, how much do, do you guys miss it? There's no better job, at least for an actor than Multicam Television.


I think writers have it pretty tough. As we said earlier, they're, they're up pretty late. But man, and especially on a show that Jimmy's directing where you usually don't, don't work much on Mondays and, and camera blocking day is done at lunch. Yeah. It's a, it's a real sweet ride. Did You all do three weeks on, one week off? Oh Yeah. We Did. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's, that's amazing. Amazing. It's The fucking, it's the greatest. It's Unbelievable. Yeah. The only, the only, the only time I ever got mad at Jimmy was, remember Shawnee wanted to switch tape night from Friday to Tuesday nights. And I loved the idea that Friday night when you were done, you done, then you had no homework for the weekend. Right. Right. And, I always felt, when you had the tape on Tuesday, you're like, ah, you're thinking about, 'cause you know, Monday you gotta block camera block and do all that shit.


I love being Much. That's when you're sharing the crew with another, with another show. Yeah. Where they gotta flip the flip the stands around for the other side of the stage. Yeah. I, I like Tuesday nights. I like Tuesday nights. 'cause I could soak up the lines over the weekend and, oh, Are lines a tough thing for you to, to remember? Yeah. I, I'll have to say, I mean, I started off with a slow dumb joke, which is a, you know, a great living, Sam Malones the, you know. Right. It's the funniest, easiest way for the laugh. And you, you don't, you're not doing Frazier or Diane Fast, you know. Brilliant. You know, complicated. And I've moved on to, to having some of the most difficult lines to say with Mike Shore in the Good Place.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, it was so elevated. But it, it's not hard for me to learn them. It's hard for me to retain them. So this year I had the best time with my youngest daughter, Katrina. She would come to work with me. And I never had to worry about lines 'cause she was there, kind of jamming them into my brain. Wow. 'cause literally if the camera's turning around and there's that 15, 20 minute pause or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. I need to make sure I reload the lines, you know? Yeah. Really? Yeah. So I don't have to worry about 'em. So they don't fall outta your head in 20 minutes. So she'd run lines with you and stuff. Yeah. Constantly. Yeah. She's really good at it. We had a great time. We'll be right back.


So, I don't know if this happens to you when you guys travel, but for me, it takes a while to get comfortable in a new space and a new routine set up. Like, so it's important to find the right hotel and the right hotel room to make you feel like it's home so that you can sleep right. And just so that you can function the next day. These new ways to stay with Hilton will surprise you. You may think you already know Hilton, but those seeking the unexpected are in for a surprise. Hilton has partnered with four unique, elevated hospitality brands, auto camp, graduate hotels, small luxury hotels of the world, and nomad to make your next vacation dream worthy. And even better, you can book them with Hilton Honors points. Explore all the ways to say with hilton@hilton.com Hilton for this day.


So, you know, Steve Martin and Marty Short are like my comedy heroes. And they're the comedy duo who gets it done and the perfect duo when it comes to growing your business. That's you and Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling soap or sand or soap, sand Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, up to 36% better compared to other leading commerce platforms. And sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star Shopify powers. 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Plus Shopify's extensive help Resources are there to support your success every step of the way. Because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ SmartLess now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in. shopify.com/ SmartLess


Sonic, Cut through the mundane and make life exciting with Sonic's Delicious burgers, fries, and ice cream. Sonic. And now try the new Sonic Smasher. Sonic Smasher. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edges and juicy in the middle. Sonic Smasher. The Sonic Smasher is then layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Soft Buns. It's melty and juicy, yet crispy, making it the perfect burger bite. Melty and juicy. Try the Sonic Smasher now. Live Free. Eat. Sonic. Sonic.


And now back to the show. Ted, you got the, you had the good fortune of working. You mentioned Mike s Sure. Whom we all know and and are friends with. And, and you got to work with him on the, the Good Place. And now you and Mike have a new show. Yep. Is that, is that Right? Netflix. You know what? I think the name is Changing as We Speak. Okay. It said, but it came from a documentary in Out of Chile. Out of Santiago, Chile. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. They're very funny. Sean Just watched a, a five part miniseries on Chili on the food. Not, not the country. He said he Versus beef versus He said he And then had a five part meal.


He Was riveted. I do love chili. And when do you guys do, and now is that You guys? Sorry, are you guys not on camera as far as what people get to see? No, no. Is all Audio, audio? YouTube, YouTube? No. No. I found No man. Well, you guys are idiots. No, Youre So fucking funny. People wanna see this. I Hear it. But then Will would have to stick his hair on. I mean, look at them. You know, I have to put My shoes on. No, you don't. You know what I mean? All right. Lemme take over again. What are you directing, Jason? Why are you so exhausted? What are you, What are you working on? Netflix thingy. It's acting directing. It's called Black Rabbit. It's about, it's about dog tracks.


No. Yeah. It's like, wait, what? It'll be out in like a year as one another one of these sort of like moody, dark people die kind of things. That Is it? Eight episodes? 10? It's eight. Eight. Yeah. Eight And done eight Now. Right. Eight and done. Yeah. Isn't that, isn't that slightly disturbing? 'cause we all did 22, 24 episodes. I know. And now they say you have eight and you go, well they must hate us. Right? Or what am I gonna do with the Rest of the, you know, I have no faith in us. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey, I want to go back to one when you said you, so you kind of started with the acting kind of on, on a lark to fill time unused by your studying English and stuff in basketball.


So I would imagine it was a very natural thing for you to do. In other words, you weren't, you weren't complicating yourself with any sort of learned technique that, that came later. What? Tell me about that. So you probably, it, it started feeling very natural. Well, we're just playing pretend. And it came to you very easily. And then you go into learning how to act and all the technique that comes with those classes. Would, did you, did you have a place for all of that technique? Or did you kind of go, ah, that's good to know and everything, but I just, this kind of feels natural to me. And how complicated is acting to you? Did, did you allow for it to become something different once you went into class? Yeah. I think there was a point at Carnegie, which I loved.


It was the only acting I knew. So a lot of other people had come having acted before or studied before and they were, had their judgements about Carnegie. I just was laughing it up because it was the first and only time I've ever done it. So it didn't matter to me. Right. Then I got, went to New York. And I was terrified. And you know, when you come out of Carnegie, you're supposed to go into the repertory system and there's, I think they're called Tcgs, where you go and you audition for all of the companies around the country. And none of us got in at all. We went, well, shit, alright, we'll all go to New York. And we, that's what We did. But it terrified me so much that I went to John Houseman at Julliard and said, I wanna enroll.


Having just graduated from Carnegie. I I, I wanted to be back in his system to protect me in New York somehow. And he very, Like Julliard was some sort of easy, easy track there. I Mean Yeah. But at least was like you were cocooned in, in, you know, and he very sweetly said, well, if you still feel that way a year from now, come back. But, so off I went. And then I studied, I did study names Neighborhood playoffs. Famous. Famous Sandy. Sandy Meisner. Sandy Meisner. Thank you. I did two years of a Sandy Meisner Meisner's student. Yeah. Teaching a version of that, which really is what I think propelled me out the door acting wise as far as technique.


Because it stopped being about showing your technique or demonstrating how good you are or, and it got me out of my head and started focusing on the other person, which is kind of the whole point of acting. Well It's, it's interesting because, well, you know, Pete Giles did went to the Sandy Meiser for two years too. A friend of all of ours and a bunch of people that we know. But what's what I found is what's interesting is you go, you go and you study theater. You went to Carnegie Mellon. You can go to lots of, there are a lot of great places around the country, but what's the most valuable is when the, when they start talking to you about what to do when you're trying to get a job.


You know? 'cause, because all that stuff is really great, is sort of great theoretical stuff. But it's so much different when you start to get into trying to get a job. Who Do we meaning? Like how to audition and how to like, find audition. Well, Well, how to audition and how and how to, and how, how to audition and how to do it in the moment. You know, they don't have, it's like they don't have time for you to go through your fucking process when you're, when you're a young actor and you've only got a couple lines and you gotta show up, you gotta show up and deliver. You know why? Because as you guys know, 'cause they gotta move on. Right. They gotta get your fucking reaction or your whatever your stupid thing is. And they gotta get after this other scene. Yeah. So they don't have time for you to go. Like, do you think that my character would, it's like, dude, shut up.


Yeah. So You're lying And deliver. And that's the scariest part, right? I mean, you, when you walk in and you're the new guy, how scary is that? Right? Am I wrong? Yeah. And you want and you wanna score, but then Yeah. You don't wanna overplay it either. I'll be right. I was really lucky when I got to la, which was, I mean, I did, I understood an off-Broadway show for a year and a half. I did a soap opera. And I did. I did anything I could. I would be an extra in a commercial and be just as happy. Yeah. I didn't care. As long as I was working, doing something, I was thrilled. Yeah. And even just being in an acting class was as exciting as being paid. It didn't matter to me in the beginning.


And then when I came to LA I was lucky enough. 'cause LA you're just there to make it. There's no other reason to be in LA except pilot Season. Let's do it. Right. And I, I was a friend of mine, had started something called the Mastery. It was a, the Actors Institute. And it was a one weekend kind of transformational. It wasn't a how to act, but it was kind of more about, this is how you're presenting yourself. Is that what you want to be doing? Because this is what happens when you walk in the room. You got a big fuck you on your shoulder or whatever it is. Right. You know? Right. Oh, that's good that you don't really know what you're walking in with. And then you put acting on top of that or something.


And he actually kind of a, not a flimflam man, but he, well he is in that He said, Ted, I want you to anchor this project that I'm doing, this actors institute here in LA and we'll do it by you teaching acting. And. I was, he convinced me that I had to do this. And I would, I would throw up every night before teaching a class. It was the hardest, most painful thing. And I can't, it's not a happy ending. Like, and, you know, all my students became famous or something. Yeah. I, I hated it. But it was, it took my mind off of auditioning. Ah. It was so much more fun to go audition than teach a class that I, and one of the things he taught me was, you know, it's a good, it's a good chance for you when you go into audition to check out whether or not you wanna be working with those, those people.


You're always trying to impress them to work, you know, to hire you. Right. And to like you. But do you like them? And not in an arrogant way, but just heads up. Sure. Make sure you're looking at them. And the other thing is, they want you to be good. They so want you to be good. Yeah. They're desperately wanna cast this Part. Yeah. We were just talking about that. I was just talking about that. Yeah. You walk in, not literally, and not with arrogance, but you walk in with a relax. I'm here. Yeah. This is gonna be really good. I I I get how hard this is for you and then you do your little scene. Yeah. You know, and then at the end of it, without literally saying it, without being arrogant. And you go, thanks That was a lot of fun, but I have something else I have to go to.


But anyway, good luck. See you later. So that the whole attitude has no desperation To it. Sexy indifference. Sexy in difference. Yeah. I would always say good luck with this as I leave, as I laugh. Gross. Oh, that's Disgusting. Wait, what did he mean? Of course He said that. So gross. Gross gross course. You said that that's, Hey guys, good luck with this gross. That's really funny. Oh God. Wait, did I ever tell you guys hope? Hope it pans out. Yeah. Tell me Jason. Well tell me. Stop me if I said this on the show before, but I once went to, and Will's like, stop. I once went to And. I had an audition for, to play like a dental assistant. So I needed a white lab coat.


'cause I was like, I'll dress the part. Right. It was for commercial and at night I was doing sketch comedy in this theater and that we would kind of rent out at night. But during the day it was a massive acting class. Right. And with like 200 people in the, in the class. And so I was like, oh, on the way to the audition, I'll just run and get my prop my little white jacket to go to the commercial audition at the theater. I had no idea it was being used during the day. I walk in And, I open the door in front of 200 people and a guy's teaching the class. And I was like, Oh my God Oh my God. I'm so embarrassed. I was like, I'm so, so sorry. I I do a show here at night. And then he was like, oh, it's already too long of a story. Right? He's like, what do you need? And I was like, I I, I just have to get some. He's like, well be quick about it, you know, and go get your thing, whatever you need.


And I was like, so sorry. So I go in the back and I'm rustling through And. I'm making all this noise. And he's like, can you please be quiet? I'm teaching a class. And I was like, I'm so sorry, And I keep going. And I'm making more noise, more noise. And he goes, are you for real? I go, why don't you act like I'm not here? And, I got my, I got my stuff. And I ran out. They all fucking hated me. Oh. Oh. Hey Ted. When you were in New York and you're doing all these auditions and stuff, I would imagine you're doing something during the day. What were you, were you waiting tables in a, in sort sort of a classic Way? No, no. I always Were You selling dope? Hey Ted, were you selling dope?


Yeah. Tom Thompson. We Sell, were you selling dope and dine bags? What was going on? No, I don't have That's, that's Woody. Sorry. You Got Woody in the van. Exactly. Yeah. I am. I'm such milk toast. Anyway, I wanted, I always had enough back then you could work a day on a commercial and make a nice whatever to pay your rent. But then the next day you could go collect unemployment. Oh my God. So between working little teeny things, I never actually Right. You've had to fucking unbelievable you liberal actors sucking off our system in classic. Yeah, I knew it. You liberal, you elitist. No, it's fucking, gimme a second here.


'cause I wanna tee off on the, on the Liberal elite Great gig, by the way. No One's a great gig. There's No Way, there's No Way. You went to Stanford with no plan. What, what were you going to study at Stanford? Oh no. I am the guy sitting in the back of the pickup looking, you know, behind where the pickup is going going. Wow. Well look at that. Golly, I never turned around and focused and said, I want this. I'm gonna go into this. Wow. Wow. No aspirations Until I, until I met Mary and then, or Shorten before I met Mary. That's Why you're, I will say that's why you're so chill. You have a really great vibe. I will say that. Yeah. Everybody. Should You see my Psoriasis commercials?


No. Hey, listen, I'm a sky. I'm a sky. I'm a Skyrizi guy, so don't get me going. Yeah, yeah. Wait, I don't even know. I just see those ads all the time on s n bbc. My friend always has this joke. He's like, where's a Skyrizi family? But Ted, you know, going forward, by the way, By the way, can I just say this, Jo, I mentioned Pete Giles before J JB you played golf with J before. Over the years, the Great Pete Giles, The great Pete Giles and, and Sean, you know him very well. Yeah. It just reminded me that anytime he would get on the green and you know, sometimes some guys go, Hey, you know, 'cause your, your ball is on the green, you're dancing. And he would for years say, oh, you're Ted Danson for years. He would say, when your ball got on the green, you're Ted Danson.


Yeah. One Of my best friends of all time. Yeah. It just made me think of these guys now. The Green's a dance floor, you know. I know. So good. Go Sean Hayes. Yes. Thank you. Good story. I you have this crazy ability. I know off the top of my head, all of all of the hits shows that you've been on. And so you have this crazy ability to, You just said it said name Him. Okay. Ready? No, you just fucking said it. So now name Him. No, I said well, obviously Cheers. Obviously. Cheers Becker. I remember Becker. Oh yeah, I remember. Well, good place. You did. I remember Creep Show. I remember c s i You were on csi, which was Very Damages. Damages. Like you, you've done so many like hit shows. It's unbelievable. By the way, I did Audition for In which was a short-lived sitcom.


I did not get the part. Wow. Yeah. Well, Well you never, good for You still, I heard the start didn't care for you. But, but, but how do you, do you, is there a process by which you have like a filtering system. A filtering system for how to pick the right project? 'cause you seem to always do that Hons First the trick is to spend all your money, so you have to go to work. Yeah, Exactly. No, you know, you, oh, come on. I'm, I am here talking to you because of Less and Glen Charles and Jimmy. That is literally why I'm here. Why I'm here. Yeah. But then, but then you pick hit massive hit shows. Well, people think, well, the good writers tend to come your way because of Cheers.


I mean, literally, I'm not playing Humble Pie. I am here because of Cheers. Yeah. And it was a remarkable, I was talking to somebody who was going, we need to, we, we need to win the jackpot. You know? And it was like, yeah, to tell the truth, I did win the jackpot. Yeah. Yeah. Blaine Sam Malone on Cheers. Yeah. For 11 years is certainly a jackpot. But also, you know, your, the guys was talking about it earlier, you know, but your vibe is, is it is infectious. It does come through. You do have an ability to put your thing into whatever character you're playing, even if it's, you know, a, a crabby character, which you play really well. Is is there is, there is a ted dance in humanity that you're able to communicate to the audience.


And, and it's just, it's great to be with and I'll bet it's great on set too. I'll bet that, you know, you in that leadership position create this, you know, environment where everybody, you know, kind of goes, oh, well maybe I should bring that part of Me Too. And all of those things sort of add up and it becomes this really enjoyable thing to, to be a part of as a viewer. And I, I'll, I'll, you know, you're being very humble, but that's, I'm sure that's a lot of the key to your success too, while why every show works. Yeah. When you're a part of it, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, no, I won't, I won't do Humble Pie. But you, you all know that it's the writing. I mean if Yeah, yeah, you can be really good and Interesting, but, but an asshole can fuck up good writers.


Yes, That's true. Or not. You don't want to be around them. I do love going to work. I do love actors. I do love writers. I do love the whole process. I am as starry-eyed as I was. I love going to Studio Gates and crossing over. Yeah, yeah. Same Jimmy Stewart Avenue and Yeah. And passing, you know, that's So good to hear. And working With that crew too. I mean, think about all those cameramen and Dolly grips. Yes. And you know, that, that, that, oh, that followed Jimmy around too. And Jimmy Ke I mean, it's, it's just a family that's It Is Jam. Yeah. And also, It's also wonderful to be part of this tribe of funny. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm not, I I am not.


You guys are really quick and really funny. You really truly are. I, if I have funny material, I will indeed be funny, but I don't, I don't have that thing that you guys have, but I am part of the tribe of funny And I. It makes me so happy. You know, I, I got to shake hands and hug Mel Brooks. How fucking cool is that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I worked with Mary Tyler Moore. It's like, ah, Ted, Ted, I hate to break it to you, man. You're on the fucking Mount Rushmore. Okay. So yeah, like, like I got a new news flash for you. And there's no, and, and, and maybe it's because of Jimmy and the Charles brothers, but they, they wanted you for that same reason that you described before.


They wanted you to be the good and you were, you were so fucking great man. And, I wonder, I wonder if you, when you come out of something like Cheers, I can't imagine because well, I can, when, when you have something that has such, where, where there's such great chemistry and it really works, and the writing is really good and the performers are really good, and you have a shorthand and you know, when you're really dialed in, that is so fucking fun. And I've had a few of those moments and one of them was really when I was the most dialed in and felt like I was in a work environment in that way, was working with that guy right there with JB. When We did arrest development, there were a few months in there in my life where I was like, fucking fuck.


We are dialed right now. This feels great. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, and it's hard. But you guys did that at a level for years. What's that like when you go from that and, and what, what's the morning after? Like? Is it like when cheer you ended up going and doing amazing things after, but I mean, the morning after a show, like, cheers, what was That like? Well, my technique, you know, I think I have a little bit of that. I don't know, my mother's spiritual, religious, whatever, you know, pride goeth before a fall and, you know, all of that, you know, it, it, it does smack a false humility. You know, here's what, here's how I handled Cheers passing.


I fucked up my life so publicly and so thoroughly that the actual passing of Cheers was, oh, it's over. You know, it was that kind of, so I don't really know. I, I was more focused on trying to, you know, be better. Ted and That was preoccupying me more than the end of cheers. I see. I gotcha. Well, it sounds like your priorities were in check then. Yeah. And I really worked very hard on myself. And I. Don't think Mary would've even been walking down the same hallway as me if I hadn't, you know, I don't think she would've even seen me.


Yeah. But that's, But that's, but that's life's man. That's great. I mean, we all, we all handle things differently. I, look, I haven't, I can admit there have been lots of situations in my own life where I haven't handled it the best way. And it doesn't mean that in the moment, but over time, where I've kind of acted out in certain ways that were not the best representation of me or the best version of me. And, and I've, and I've, you know, felt a lot of shame about that. And I've been beat myself up about it and stuff. And at the end of the day, it's just, just, that's life. We're all kind of dealing with it in the moment, figuring it out as we go. Yeah. You find the lane by like hitting the guardrails on both sides, you know?


Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and if your intention is to, you know, wake up, then all these little, you know, wounds or whatever can be, you know, a godsend in a way. It's, it's, But then I would imagine that it would've, that it was 'cause I, me as well, you know, somehow it sounds like really challenging things in personal life kind of were at the same time as really good things or important things in the professional life and, and, and how those can sometimes help one another or fight one another when, so then when the show ended, you were going, navigating a challenging time for yourself, question mark.


And what was then, that probably was somewhat scary for you to no longer have this, this, this cocoon of the show and the family and routine. You got sort of a new version of yourself coming online, internally and externally. What was the, was there a gap for the next kind of hammock pole, if you will, by, with a job that, that sort of brought you back up again and, and matched the growth you were doing personally with, with the success professionally? Well, you know, it came once again, I think I was just, I was really excited to discover who I am, you know? Yeah, yeah. And stop being a liar and, and being emotionally as true.


You know, this is ongoing process obviously, but as being emotionally mature for the first time in my life or trying to be, yeah, I was fascinated. I, I had an amazing mentor, so that truly was what was preoccupying me. But then right away I got a, Sherry Lansing is actually responsible for Mary And, I being together. It was a terrible movie, but we were both cast in it. And you know, we both came to each other at the, she had just broken up from a four year relationship and was saying to friends, I know I look like I should be good at relationship, but I don't, I can't, I'm not, obviously I'm not that person.


Yeah. I have two beautiful kids, I'll leave it at that. I was going, well, truly you can fuck up any relationship and it's you Ted that's doing it, so maybe you need to just not be in a relationship. And we met and we became friends having declared to each other that same kind of feeling that we both had of being kind of flops at relationship. Right. And just fell head over. I, we fell head over heel. I'll speak for myself in love. Yeah. And, you know, have been inseparable. That's so Great. Ever since it's Been one of the more successful Hollywood relationships or, and how long has it been? It's the, it's 29 married, 31 together.


I Mean, that's Incredible. No Way, No Way. That's amazing. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't believe how much money I lost on that. I didn't think, sorry. And, I hate, I hate admitting it. No, but That the odds, odds were just, you couldn't avoid them. Right. Will. Yeah. You couldn't, I mean, look At, look at that. She's so cute. He's showing us Mary on a screensaver. This Is yesterday. Come on. Yeah. That's beautiful. That's so fucking great. Dude. I, yeah. It's, that's why my life really works. Truly. Yeah. Yeah. We'll be right back.


You know, guys, life is full of reasons to celebrate, right? Like saying yes to your new home, getting the keys to the dream car, or finally taking that vacation you deserve. With the State Farm personal price plan, you can keep celebrating when you create an affordable price just for you by bundling home and auto. So bring out the confetti and break out those happy dance moves. Bundling just another way to save with the personal price plan. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state, By state.


Around this time people start to focus on how to make the coming school year successful. Whole Foods market makes it easy to find the quality and flavors that make life more delicious. From quick and easy breakfasts to lunchbox heroes to satisfying meals at the end of a long day for all. Here's what separates Whole Foods Market from the pack. Whole Foods Market bans over 300 ingredients from all food they sell. That means high fructose corn syrup out, hydrated fats out. They're all expelled forever. 365 by Whole Foods market has wallet, happy organic, frozen waffles better than Cage-free eggs, Greek yogurt and more. Make a lunch. The other kids want to trade for. Load up on premium deli meat, organic sliced cheese, organic mayo and mustard plus trail mix applesauce, cut veggies and more. Gather around weeknight dinner legends like chicken nuggets, creamy macaroni and cheese, and savory, best of seasoned swordfish steaks. Meal plan check, get all your quality back to school favorites at Whole Foods Market.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp, as most of our listeners know by now. And I'm sorry I have to repeat it, but I portray to Oscar Lavan on Broadway, best known as a concert pianist, as well as a composer, conductor and actor. But what a lot of people don't know is that he was totally ahead of his time, and that he spoke openly about his mental health issues on live television. It was kind of revolutionary at the time. We've come a long way since then, but many people still have trouble discussing mental health. Like there's a stigma attached to it when there shouldn't be. But trust me, there is no stigma because if you don't take care of your mental health, nothing else in your life is ever going to be right. A good way to do that is with BetterHelp, since it's entirely online, BetterHelp is far more convenient than in-person therapy and is suited to your schedule. Start by filling out a brief questionnaire, then connect with a licensed therapist via phone, video, text, or chat. So, a lot of people know this, too. I did a show called Promises Promises in 2010, and it was really difficult. And I, I, we, I hit like this mental block, and so I sought therapy to get through that mental block. It was like I got a little bit of stage fright, And I didn't know what the underlying issue was. And because of therapy, I, I made a major breakthrough. And I could sing again. I could act again on live stage. It was a pretty big deal at the time, but Therapy got me through it and I'll, I'll never forget it. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash smartlist for 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/smartlist.


Alright, back to the show. Ted. You know what's so funny is we often ask people when they come on here, we're like, well, you've done this and what would you want to do? You've fucking done everything. You've done it all. Yeah. Like, you've done every genre. You've done Broadway, you've done comedy, you've done drama, you've done film, you've done to like, you've done. So I don't even know where to go with that. Like, which one do you, I wanna Keep, I wanna keep trying to experience what it is to be funny or explore the human frailty or whatever you want to call it. It doesn't, it can be drama as long as it has wit, you know, and humor somewhere in there.


But I wanna know what that's like. At every age I wanna keep acting and I'm 77 and a few months. Wow. It's different. It's different, huh? Trying to figure out how to be funny. Yeah, You look amazing. Hey, you know what? We've been on this fucking podcast for like almost an hour and that's the first time anyone has said how good I look. You look Fucking great. No, you look, you look great and you are great. And what, what is it that you watch? Do you watch a lot of stuff? Do you devour other material to like, what are the things that, Yeah. Anything you're watching right now that's making you really laugh. Yeah. Hey, all Bo, all three of you may have made me laugh so much over the years. And you do have different style.


Not today Style. It is, but yeah. No. But Ted, it seems today. Today, Not today. Today. Are you kidding me? You should have seen me while you all were bantering. I was doing spit takes. They told me not to. You seem, you're so, you're so aware of sort of the, of, of the, of bullshit. And you, you're so, yeah. You seem so good about being not full of bullshit and being real, being honest with yourself. It seems like you really, or at least what you really make me laugh when you play these characters that they, they, they act like they are smarter than they actually are. Yes. Or they act like Damages to me was one of the funniest things I got to do. Yeah. Because that's the epitome Yeah.


Of that. It's just Exactly. It's, it's sort of behaving like you're more confident than you actually are. Yeah. 'cause you are aware of how fragile confidence and intelligence really is because you, 'cause you're honest with yourself about that. Is that, is that kind of accurate? Like, you like playing those characters that are, that kind of have this kind of thin veneer that you, you enjoy showing the audience kind of cracks in. Yeah. I, I love, I love the silliness of men. Yeah. I love being a silly man. And I. Yeah. I love that Too. And I would like to be, you know, it can be disguised. It can be, but you know, we're silly. We're silly creatures. And I. Love that. Yeah. We're so flawed. Yeah.


And, I. Do love humor that comes outta sadness. I do love that. Yeah. It's so much fucking suffering. Yeah. And if you can find a way to laugh while acknowledging the sadnesses of life Yeah. That I'm so happy when you get to do that. Well Then you're gonna, then you're gonna, you're gonna die laughing if you read Sean's Wikipedia page. Hey, listen, Wait a minute, Ted. Wait. I was looking through your earlier credits. And I. See that you did an episode of BJ and The Bear. That sounds like something good. Yes. Right up my alley. Yes. Oh. my God. No, it's not Sean. It's not Whatcha talking About BJ and the Bear? No, no, no. It's not BJ with the Bear. No, it's bj. It's not bj. It's not BJ from a Bear.


So, Hey, you guys, you guys are like a basketball team of and of three pointers. You know, one of the shooting guards gets hot and the rest of you just sit alone and let 'em Run. Way to go, Ted. Now you got Sean thinking about a basketball team. Hey, listen. Oh man, Teddy. Anyway, You've done it. He, by the way, he's done every he's done, he cast on every TV show. Look at, look at This, ever. I know. It's amazing. It's fucking insane. I'm a tramp. I'll do anything. I really will pretty much do anything. You're So lucky you get to work so much in Los Angeles too, my God.


I know. That is amazing. I Know. Hey, you know what I forgot about you did those three men and a baby, right? Remember those? Yes. Those are great. You must remember you were in 'em. What was that? Those were big, Huge success. Those Were huge hits, right, Ted? I mean, One was the other one, the first one was like gangbusters. Like, I don't know. Yeah. Huge, huge amount of millions. And then the second one, which was pretty well done, And I. Remember having lunch with Jeffrey Katzenberg and saying, because it was about to come out, three men and a little lady. And we're, we're, we're gonna do great. We are keeping our eye on this other show, kind of small show coming out called Home Alone.


But I think we'll do, no, You came out the same weekend. Yeah. Oh my God Louis out of the water. Wow. That was 1990 or Something like that. Yeah. No, Oh. my God. But those, I mean, those were what was the biggest, what was the, the hardest part on those movies? Because you got, you're working with the baby. Was it working with the baby or, or waiting for Tom Seller to glue on his mustache? Because I, I would Imagine No, leave that man alone. He's one of my favorites. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Yeah. I love the guy. Are you kidding? I love him. I'm joking. He's one of the true gentlemen in our business. Of Course. I've never heard a bad thing about him, Sam. No. That's why I made the joke. He's great. If he sucked, I wouldn't, he's incredible.


I I, yeah. Yeah. Magnum Pi for me was the fucking greatest. Yeah. But was, I lost a job due to, due to Magnum pi, the first year of Magnum. I played a murderous schmuck husband who's getting the shit beat out of him on a boat by Tom Sellick. And there's the, it was the first time I realized I had a big ball spot on the back of my head because there was an overhead shot of, you know, this incredible hulk of a man, handsome guy beating the shit out of this wimpy, murderous husband with the ball spot. And I. I swear to God this is true. I, he, you know, please, Steve, Steven Spielberg listens to your show, I'm sure.


Oh, a lot. But my version of And I, I hope it's true, was he was talking to me about Poltergeist. Then he happened to, within a week or two, see the Magnum PI episode. And I heard he was no longer interested and Well, but then he hires Craig t Nelson, who's no Sasquatch, you know, coming God Bless You mean hair. Yes, you're right. You're right. He was thinning. He was thinning. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So maybe I made that out. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he just didn't like, like my work that could well be. I just, I just like the No Sasquatch as well. Yeah. He's no Sasquatch. And it's not like a turn people, you, Hey, look at this guy.


He is. No Sasquatch. Well, I'm just auditioning. You can, we should keep It luck. Wait, wait. Ted, before we let you go, Ted, before we let you Go. No, I'm on a roll. I don't want to go. No, You don't have to go. Please. We, we love having you. Where was the last, do you remember the last audition you had? Mm. Wow. I mean, it had to have been pre Cheers. It was prob it was probably for a feature. I think it was probably, it was a really funny movie. The first 10 minutes didn't work and then it just took off. I think it was ended up coming out. It called the Amateurs. It was called The Moguls for a while. It was Jeff Bridges in the Small Town, and he decides the only way to put the town on the map is for them to do the whole town to participate in an amateur porn.


And That was gonna put its own. You probably didn't see it. It's really kinda wonderful. But I auditioned for that. Hmm. I feel like the last audition I had was Hudsucker proxy. Oh wow. Coen Brothers film. Oh wow. I remember. Really? Yeah. I bet it wasn't the last one I did, but it was the last one I really remember. 'cause boy, I wanted that bad. I don't Think au auditions are bad though, because don't you wanna make sure you are right for the park? Yes, Exactly. I say that all the time. There's nothing, you get an offer and then the first time anyone sees your plan for the character is right before you shoot it while you're rehearsing the scene. Right. And you can take a big swing and they go, you can hear the silence. You know, and there's no time to recast you or to give you a note to put you on a different track.


It's, it's tough. Yeah. Yeah. Sean last audition, do you remember? Oh, I some Jake Chilling Hall movie. Years and years and years ago. I can't Remember. Well, isn't it? Yeah. Willie, I feel like there's a BJ and a Bear Joe coming in here, so No, no, no, no. That was an offer. I mean, I think it was, I mean, it was because it was through a bush. It was through a bush, and it was just, Hey, it Just a bunch of cash and a low voice. It Could just, and they hand the papers through the bush, through the bushes. You gotta have an answer. Come on. What's, What's the answer? I know, I know, I know. I'm just trying to think of what, what it was. I think I, How about, how about Arrested Development That, well, that audition was, was with Tony Hale and, and you Yeah.


The last one. We were all in the room together. You, Me crushed it. Jason, you, you auditioned for that too. I just, yeah. Kind of assumed it was Yours. Oh yeah. No, no, no. I auditioned hard for that one. I was very surprised I got an audition for that. In fact, the only reason Mitch read me for that is 'cause he remembered me from auditioning for some pilot like a few years earlier that didn didn't get, but he remembered liking me for, Wasn't it the hockey one that Perhaps, I'm not sure. But boy, that, that, that show saved my life. Yeah. You all have made me, I get to say this, don't cut it. Have made me laugh so hard. Not only today, but in everything you've done over the years At you. And Likewise, it's such a joy to sit in And a lot this hour too.


Thank you lot. This So much. Thanks for being here, Tony. Appreciate Ted, I'm gonna say this And I don't, I don't, I don't throw this term around lightly, You know, 'cause another, It's Coming your way, you know. Oh, well. Were you gonna say you're a world class jerk off? No, I'm not gonna say that. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say you're a fucking national hero. Yes. You really are. And treasure, You're A fucking, you really are, dude. You are a treasure. And and that's true. And I just couldn't think any more highly of you. I just think that you're a great guy and you're so great at what you do for so long. I at you. At you and keep doing it. And I'm glad you're doing a show show with the great Mike s Sure. Who, whom we adore Yes. And is a unbelievable talent in his own right.


And just thanks for doing this, man. It's what a thrill to be able to sit here with you and, and talk to you. And honestly, it's just an absolute thrill for me. So thank you. Podcasts are cool, man. Podcasts are cool. Thank you For showing us story. And congrats on yours. Yeah. I can't wait to listen to that. Yeah. By the way. Yeah. You and Woody, you and Woody you, it turns out you got good chemistry. Yeah. 'cause he's so, I'm, I'm the straight guy and he's just all over the map. He's, he's such a Love him. I love him so much. I Do too. Just quickly my, and then we'll go goodbye. My favorite is Woody's during Cheers. You know, if you were 15 minutes late, it was okay. If you're a half hour late, hey, we're, you know, by 45 minutes late, people get pissed.


And it was about 45 minutes late. No Woody, somebody comes running in and said, oh, I forgot to tell you Woody is in Berlin. He, the wall is coming down. And he didn't wanna miss it. Oh my God literally No Way way. The Floyd the Floyd show. Yeah. No Way Way. Good for him. He was like, fuck it. I'm, I'm not missing this. It Must have been wild Ted to watch the evolution of Woody Harrelson from getting the part and starting out to, at the end of the series, to what he had become, you know, as a, as a human being and as an activist and as everything as a movie star. Yeah. And he's a, he's a wonderful actor. I love, I Love him. Oh, sure. I love him. And, and the more popular, or if he gets nominated, my little revenge is to watch his film on my cell phone.


Yeah. You know, just that big movie stuff and Yeah. Watching you on my cell phone. That's Great. I love it. Anyway, Teddy, we love you. Love you. Enjoy the rest of your trip over there. Thank you for doing this a lot. Good rest. Good luck with your film. Oh, You woke me up this hour. Did, did wonders for me. Thank you so much. Yeah, sure did. Bye you guys. Thank you. Bye. Thank you so much. Bye Pal. Bye bye. Bye bye. No, he just lifted me up. I was just gonna say like, God, that love that guy's vibe. I mean, something Else, huh? Easy breezy, easy. Like summer, summer morning. I'd love to work. I don't think he And, I have ever worked together. I'd love to work with him. Says A lot about you.


Well, but I mean, it seems no, That you don't, you're not sure is what it Well, I Guess what I'm saying is that, that we've had so many years in television. I bet you that's true. We've, we've, we've like been part of the same sort of like, upfront. Yeah. Or like charity, you know, kind of a telethon or whatever the fuck, you know. Yeah. Like, I do Think it's funny. I do think it's a, a very funny thing in this town where, I won't say who it is, but I ran into a, a person that is known in the world and she says, male Or female, 'cause I'll guess it female. And she said, I've got it. I said, I said, Hey, how I, I said, what's going on? She's like, have you ever been to her house? And it's like, if I, if anybody from Chicago where I'm from, you know, who's been inside of your house, I, I don't know.


I disagree with that. I've said a million times to people coming over. Although I'm not much of a, of a barometer. But you know, I, I will, I'll be surprised. You know, I'll say like, have you not been over before? You know? Yeah. Because if I've been friends with somebody for a long time, you forget whether, you know, you're like over your house or my house. You just like assume. I dunno. For Sure. Anyway, Teddy Teddy's great. Teddy is the greatest. Teddy's great. Teddy's great Will nice guest. He's so great. And yeah. And you know, Ted and Woody have their podcast, which he was alluding to that I did the first episode of. Yes. That was Very nice, by the way. Now I'm taking credit. Like I was on the FI didn't even know. Yeah. Oh, you launched it. I launched the show That, That they're doing is also on Sirius like us.


So We Are are now on Sirius. We're Under the nice beautiful roof of Sirius. Yeah. Sirius SiriusXM. So check it out. It's called Where everybody knows your name, which is I, I guess an allusion To, it's some nod to the song. It's Alluding to something. The Song, the song, the Cheers song. I know Sean the theme song. It's Just making a jokey Stupid ass right Now. I want to go where nobody knows my name after that. Anyway, You know, I was looking at a lot of, here we go, Ted's fucking, here we go. Oh Boy. I was looking at a, a lot of fucking Listen To this. Jesus. I Sean, this Is interesting Sean. Before you get into it, can I just say this? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's so even if we haven't done a show in a couple weeks, go ahead.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. go ahead. You can see you coming from across the Street. I can see the ramp up. Yeah. I can see, you know, you know like when a, when you know when a soccer player gets ready to take a penalty kick all The time. Yeah. And And I can, you know, they do that thing. They little, little sort of stutter step before they get a good into the ball. I can see you doing your little stutter. I can hear your engines rev up. You know, like a semi trucker. Anyway, I was, I was looking at, Looking at Ted's credits, I was Looking at Ted's credits. And I. See? And you tell, you tell me you stop me, me when you hear something that you might wanna know more about. You Ready? He was on Help Me Help You. I remember that. I remember that show. Oh, he was on Heist for two episodes.


Oh my God. He was on something called Byebye Benjamin. Then he was on Knights of the South Bronx, Byebye Benjamin. And then our, was there one in there you wanna know about? Well, tell me more about Bye by Benjamin. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's, that's the one. That was the worst. What's it called? What The Still Rolling. You wanna go back to one dude? You want one shot at that one? It's called Buy Yeah. Buying. When you got to that title Benjamin, you should have just hit it. It And I was setting you up as a as, as a courtesy. What, What is, what is happening Inside your, your brain? Do we need to send somebody over to the house to do like a fucking wellness check on you? What is happening?


What's Wrong with you? All right. There's a show called Help Me, help You, and then you did Heist. And then he did a show called Bye Bye. Benjamin. Why does it always need to go up into an octave that has never been established by any bird or Smart? Smart, less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally Handcrafted by Michael Grant, Terry, Rob Arm Jar, and Bennett Barco Smart Less


Imagine earning a degree that prepares you with real skills for the real world. Capella University's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. Learn how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu.