
Hey guys, welcome to the show today. I hope you're feeling really good. I got a hat on. You guys don't, are you jealous of my hat? I've got a microphone though. I'm ready to go with a microphone and a co a couple, a couple of headphones here. Let's, let's, Yeah. Couple hands will, And that just leaves me, and all I got is a really bad attitude. Oh, no. And a bad speech thing. We're doing. We're Doing all because SmartLess. SmartLess. Oh boy. Smart. Smart. Less smart, less.


You know, Sean, you look like you look a little bit more blonde today. I know. I got, did You do a rinse this morning? No, I got a haircut yesterday and, And I didn't color it. I got color it. It's a little Too nice try. I, I saw Sean yesterday happen to be at CVS and he was buying, he bought three things of sun in, and he's, I know it spray a bunch of sun in It is a little lighter than normal And I don't like it. So I'm gonna color it a little bit. No, wait, But what color Kevo was gonna get? Sorry, go ahead. You go Ahead. Sorry. Yeah, because I, hang on a sec. Will, this is important. What kind of color? What, what kind Of color? No, I wanted to SVO though. No, svo the greatest name in, in all of hairdressing. Yeah. Sean, what is the color that one tries to target usually?


Is there a name for it? A name for it? There's no name. Is it burnt Sienna? No. It's like number five and number two or whatever they have. Yeah. Oh, you blend. It's a blend. It's a blend. But I know you don't like when I color my hair, but I like it. Well, you, well I want, I like what you like, but I just want make sure you know that I need no color to love you anymore than I do. Well, that's true. I'm, I'm at Max. Yeah. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm still reeling. I can't believe you blend five and two. I Honestly, I think the coloring world is gonna be, I'm gonna have to call Eli or Buddy Eli Thomas.


Eva. We should have a conference of all the Yeah. Hair guys. We know. We'll get McMillan in there. Old, Sweet, sweet Chris, Chris McMillan and, and we'll bring him all in. Is Cevo short for anything? No. He is a shorter fellow, but no, his name is full name is S Kevo. I met You. Call him anything for short. What would short for Heym? Sev. Oh, sometimes you drop the o. Huh? What? Like if you're in a rush? Yeah. If you just got, if you're running a bunch of errands and What's his last name? Because usually last name's more spicy than the first. I'm gonna tell you right now, we can cut out this pause while I look it up. Please, Please be Miller. His last name is Zabi.


Zabil. Zabil Zamboni. Zabil Mb. Would you guys, would you say that you guys are tight, Super tight. Hey, will, by the way, I, I played golf the other day with the guy whose grandmother, I believe I'm getting this right. Semi right. Invented the Zamboni. Oh, Oh. I've played, I've played golf with that guy too. Yeah. And it, it, it happened down here in like Paramount California. Yeah. Surprisingly not in Canada. Yeah. And Tracy, the Zamboni is the machine, the little, the sweet little car or truck or minivan that you drive over the ice rinks to make it smooth and Yeah. And shiny Cleans the ice. Use a, you know, hot water and thing, and then drags and smooths it out.


It's the one thing for hockey that's herded in terms of viewing because they have to ice between periods and therefore the, the intermissions are so long. They're that long. It's been detri, they're not, it's, you know, 20 minutes and it's detrimental. There is no alternative. Why don't they get two out there? They do. They generally do pro games. They do? Yeah. Maybe They need three. They might need three. I don't know. I was, you know, Michelle Oh's got something on this. Yep. Well, Michelle Pfeiffer's character's name in Greece too. Was Stephanie Zoni. I always thought it was Zamboni. Huh? So listen. Oh, we, sorry. Do you want to go down? Do you have a list of stuff you misheard over the years? Would you Okay.


Dudes. Every once in a while we get to have a guest on that is also our friend. Today is one of those days I love every moment I spend with this woman and always wish for more. She's funny, but never on. She's kind and warm, but never one of those smiley creeps. She's done movies, television, radio, podcast, written and bestseller. She's been nominated for Emmy's and Grammys. She's got two kids, one wife. She started in Mississippi and now she's right here. Say good morning to the great Tig Nataro. Tig. Oh, TIG Tig Tig nataro There. She's ah, I love that. I was described to a t and, and Sean's still like, who could this possibly be?


Yeah. I had to zip through it, Get it. I don't sound remotely Familiar. I knew. And you didn't know. And I knew and, And I didn't. I knew And I didn't say anything. 'cause I didn't want my disappointment to come through the microphone so early. How Dare You? I didn't want my, and not even disappointment. Outreach Now. Hey, TIG, Tig your hair, your hair's growing out. It looks good. Oh, I just started today. I am surprised you noticed. No way. As a grower. Yeah. You really Talking about dirty. I just started growing it out today. I woke up And I was like, you know what? I'm gonna grow my hair out. And I, And I, I can't believe you noticed Day one. Please do one of those things where you take a snapshot every day for 365 and then put it together as a video and set it to a really sad song.


Okay. Okay. Hey, TIG, speaking of sad songs, are both your parents still with us? All three are dead. Three, three. Well, I had a stepfather that raised me. All right. And in fact, not only is he dead, but He's not coming back. He's not, he has no way back to town. A couple years ago when he died and we were having his funeral in Mississippi, it was an outdoor burial. Mm. And we were talking to the, the priest was saying, how do you wanna do this? It's more casual outside. I said, well, I was gonna say something. And my brother said, well, I'll go first.


I'll just say something really quick. And he walks up and he, he fell into a grave. No, No. Yeah. Yes he did. What is that true as A It's very true. As a, my entire family is sitting there and you see everyone just go, oh shit. Oh my God. And my brother. And there's like this tarp over the hole and you just see my brother slowly, it, like, it caught him a little bit, but he is slowly going down. Oh. And yeah, I mean, that would be overwritten in a comedy. I know. It's too much. And we're trying to help him out. Had He had a few, had he had a few? No, no. It was, it was, no, He's just blind.


No, they, the place messed up. They were supposed to put plywood over it. And you see the people from the, from, from I love that. The, I love that the lawsuit says, the place messed up. We're suing you because you messed Up. That's the legal terminology. Yeah. We messed up, we messed up the Place. Messed, messed up. What was he effort like getting him out? Was it tough to get him out? Well, We were like, oh my gosh. Trying to help him out. He is like, no, no, no, I'm okay. And he is pulling himself out like the night of the living dead, like with his dirty suit, just grab, you know, grabbing dirt and grass. Oh God. Trying to pull himself out of the hole. Like he, he was not gonna let anybody pull him out. Have You ever had a a, a nightmare with that?


Have you, has that an imagery ever come back to you? Like sort of in That? No, that was like a dream come true. That wasn't a nightmare. Okay. That was like, oh my god, I couldn't believe my stepfather did not get to see that happen. Right. You Could and you could believe your luck that you got to witness it too, Probably. Well, and immediately I thought, oh my God, this must happen all the time. Yeah. And then I was like, wait, this can't happen all the time that in Mississippi fall Into grave, the end of that in Mississippi's the end of that Sentence. Yeah. And people ask, they're like, oh, how come, what's it with, you know, all of these stories from the south in Mississippi? And I'm like, I have no idea. But I truly just show up, look around and head home with stories like that.


I don't, I really Well, was that what about is that, did you was army of the dead about zombies? You did an army of the dead. Ooh, Good transition. Army of the Dead. I did do Army of the Dead. Yeah. In fact, I did it on green screen. Right, because the famously you replaced a fella Yeah. On that. Yeah. Right? Yes. And so you had to shoot everything on green screen and then they superimposed you into a film that was already shot. That's right. Yeah. Easy Enough. Enough. And were there, were there zombies in it? There were, there were zombies In it. So were you like, ah, ah, but nothing was there. Oh, Sean, you saw the movie, I guess. Yeah. Well I've Done some great, clearly read for it.


I've done some great connecting. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I had to, I flew the, the escape, like the helicopter to get in. Yeah. I've gotta take off. Yeah. I, And I had to do, that's not my typical, you know, acting role where I'm yelling things and fighting things and, and had to do it all green Screen and just literally like three feet away is crap service. Just three feet away. Yeah. A Bagel. Every scene you see me grabbing a donut and it's all on camera. But you didn't have to, you weren't a zombie yourself. You didn't have to get into any zombie makeup, did you? No, I was just, I think a lesbian, Those Zombies aren't flying Helicopters. It's just a lesbian flying a helicopter.


That's that what you said. Yeah. I think that's what I am in everything. No take now. What about in Star Trek? I'm a lesbian in space. There's lesbians in space. There are now. There Are, yeah. Now do you have to wear any, any alien makeup in, in Star Trek? No. No. They, in fact, they barely put any makeup on me, I think because they really wanna wear that. I'm a lesbian. I they tabs of lipstick and like Really big Eye. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Or you sexually active massive Cleavage too. No, truly. No, No, no. My tits were in a dumpster.


Yeah. In Hollywood. That's, isn't that the title of your new special? Yeah. Alright. Hey Tig, let's go back to the very beginning. Alright. Ooh. So we're in Mississippi. All right. We're in Mississippi. Everyone's alive. Everybody's alive, everybody's happy. That's a good way to start now. But you did start as a rock band manager type of a promoter. I'll help you get on stage and from city to city type of person. Yes, yes, Yes. That's true. Dude. Have you ever spoken English before? What the fuck is going on? I'm such a journalist now.


But, but you know, I do, I do love that about our show. Every once in a while, as I said in the, in the intro, we get a friend on here And I end up learning so much more about them than I've ever learned in our personal life. Well, Why do, and why do you think that that is, But I don't time to ask. I don't ask Questions. Gonna sidebar for a second. You do. You don't ask questions about other People. Right. Hey, Wayne, keep it quiet. So Wayne, you know what I mean? So, so, but what about this? So you were you managed bands? Well, I really love music And I play a little guitar. A little drums. Drums. Yeah, I read that. I read that. And You're a lesbian, you said? Just point back. I'm a lesbian, so, Oh, just a little bit. Sorry, I I got confused.


And these, but these are drums with sticks. Sticks, not the hand drums. No, no, no, no, no. That's, I see I'm still dabbling as a lesbian. So I'm playing actual drums. Once you cross over, then you start doing drum circles, bongos And stuff. Yeah, I'm still, I've been dabbling for decades. Not sold on it. But, but yeah, I, I was too shy to perform. I tried and it was nerve, nerve wracking. And so my first girlfriend played in a band and So I just started booking the band and working in music. And the music. How Long was that?


You did that? I don't know, maybe three years. It's a very, And wait, are we, are we driving around in a van? Are we, what are you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. The whole thing. Like, we went on tour in a van, you mean like that? Yeah, like when we were touring. Yeah. Yeah. We were in a van one time. We actually rented a friend of ours, Bronco. And while we were on tour, the hood flew up. Yeah. And like bent in half and Wow. And we couldn't see. Wow. And you couldn't see anything. We couldn't see anything. Oh My God. That's my worst nightmare. I, I literally thought about that just the other day as watching I, like, I could've sworn the hood was vibrating a little bit. I thought, what if this thing flies up and Yeah. It's like a bad Chevy Chase.


What hood of the it could of the like an SUV type type of thing. A Bronco. Yeah. But it was like an old Bronco. And so if the top goes off, why can't you see? 'cause there's still a windshield. 'cause you're The hood Because the, The hood. The hood. Sorry, sorry. Hood. I thought you meant the roof in the car. Are, I'm sorry. Are you catching every, are you catching every third word? What's That about? Actually about every fourth word. Okay. So now, but t what Kind of music was, what kind of music did, was the the band or the band singing, You know, I mean, folksy folk rock. Yeah, it is. Of course. Yeah, of course. What else? So, but now, but you decided to, to help this band out because you wanted to have a seat that was less exposed to the spotlight. But then while you're doing this, you said, well, hang on a second.


Maybe. I actually want to, I want to be upfront again. I want to do standup now where there's nothing between you and the audience. Yes. Well the, what happened? I moved my, my very good friends that I grew up with that are still very close to me. We moved from Denver, we were living in Denver at the time. Got it. And, and we moved from Denver to LA and they moved there to pursue TV and film. And I was newly out of a relationship And I was like, well, I guess I'll just go with you. And So I went, and then when I got there, I saw in the LA Weekly, all my god, all of the different opportunities to do standup, which had been my top secret dream.


Oh. Oh, how about that? Even though you were shy. Even though I was shy. And So I spent the first two weeks going to every open mic I could possibly go to. And I Oh my god. How nerve wrack. I'm getting nervous just thinking about it. What was that first look? Don't worry. It all works out. Okay. I end up on SmartLess. Yeah. Ding ding. Now wait, would you, would you, would you just like climb into a bottom of a bottle before you got up to, like, how did you get over this initial stage fright and get up there and start doing it? Yeah. Well somebody had canceled at the show that I was watching. Yeah. And I asked the person, which is, So I, I should dig this footage up.


Yeah. I have footage of myself talking into a, a flashlight in a mirror, working out material. Bless your, in my studio apartment. Your amazing, My god. For those two weeks. And so amazing. And So I was practicing in the mirror with, in my flashlight. You just, all you had to do is flip it on. You could tell ghost stories right after. Exactly. And So I, I had all of this stuff worked out over those two weeks that I had been living in LA and then I asked the person, I was like, Hey, can I, can I go on stage? And, and she was like, sure. And So I did. And when I say it went well, if you showed me the footage now, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Be Horrified. Really.


But, but, but, but, but tig what was the first, what was the first thing you said? Okay. The very first thing is a true story. My friend who I rented the Bronco from Yeah. Was mad at you because of the Returned to without a hood. Yeah. Yeah. We all, we moved beyond that. We got the car fixed. Okay. And remained friends. Okay. So my friend, his name was Ro and hey Ro, well, he passed away sadly, but, oh, Everyone's good. Anyway, RO called me and told me our mutual friend Johnny was gonna be in Denver. Can We say hi to Johnny?


Johnny still with us? I Don't know where Johnny say hi to Johnny. Johnny Hi Johnny. Hi Johnny. Hey Johnny. Johnny. So he told me that our mutual friend was gonna be in town when I was living in Denver. He said, Johnny's band is gonna be there, you should go see him. Oh. And he hooked me up with the road manager for me to get tickets to Johnny's show. This is some backstory. Yeah. Yeah. Join It. I'll say, I'll say, And oh, there's more. Okay. And so, So I called Johnny's road manager. What Was the number Story? This is where the story kicks in. Okay. So I, I called the road manager And I, And I, I say, I Johnny's friend, could I get tickets to the show?


And he said yes. And then at the end of the conversation he says, now I don't feel comfortable calling you this, but I guess I'll see you tonight, pig. And, And I said, oh. I said, I actually dont feel comfortable calling you or with you calling me Pig either. I said, my name is actually Tig. And he said, yeah, that's what I said, pig. And I said, no, it's Tig with a T. And he said, tit. And then I just say, what? Yeah, that's right. It's pig tit. I'll see you tonight. So anyway, that was my first, that was my first story. Pig Tit. No way. That must have killed.


Now what, what this, this, your name t was given to you by your brother when you were two years old. Yeah. See guys, I know how to research shit. Yeah. And well, It's more fun to just ask her how she got it. And then she tells us that rather, you know what I mean? Oh Fuck. Wait, fuck it. Okay. We can do it in, are we still rolling? We do it a few different ways and then just see, Which let's just, You sweating Bateman. What? Honest. Okay. He Loves me. He nervous. Your real name I think is one of the best names in the history of names. I don't even, I've known you for 75,000 years. I don't even know your Name. Can we say it? We can say it. It's on, we can, I Don't even know if you'd pronounce it correctly. I know what you think it is.


Oh, Well then that's, Well let's hear that. Let's hear what he thinks Of. Well, can I guess the, the correct pronunciation? Yes. Matilde. That's correct. Matilda? No, it's Matti. Oh, Mattie. Well then what happens To the DMAT? H-I-L-L-E. Is it M-A-T-H-I-L-D-E. But it's pronounced Mattel. Mattel. So you don't suggest the de is No, there's no use of that. That's French Creole? Yes. I think it's just French. French. Okay. My mother was Mattel. My grandmother was Mattel. My grandmother went by Teel. My mother went by Susie And I go by tig. Wow. And then why did, why did your young brother come up with tig?


He was older than me. He couldn't pronounce Tig or he took, he couldn't pronounce Mattel and somehow, somehow he came up with Tig. And so, And there's, his name is Ro re Rudd Reno. Renu Rena. R-E-N-A-U-L-T Reau. R-E-N-A-U-D-A. Uud re reul reul Reno. Wait, wait. Who was French? So people speak French. My mother. Is Renault still with us? Yes. He's the one that fell in the grave and lost. Oh, He's the one Renault. Let's just shout out to Reul. Sava. Yeah. Reno wants Renu bag. Wow. And we will be right back.


And now back to the show. Wait, I wanna know like back to the standup. And that was a really funny story. Yeah. Did you know because Thank you when I did. You're welcome. Jesus was there. Come on. You Don't, is there? We'll stay out of this. Okay. Oh God was there. Did you know? 'cause when I first did it, I was terrible. This is where we take a break. Sorry. This is, you Did stand Up. Hang on. This is Tig. We always do this Sam, where we take a break, Sean. And why don't you just tell our audience knows, but tell t what your first joke was. Let's, let's go ahead. Well, I think It's not pig tit is it Sean? Was it It's A callback.


No, Sean, was It My first joke? My first joke was, well, I'll two do two. 'cause one's not even, one was, they say ballet is one of the most difficult things you could do. So just don't do it. That was the first one. And then the second one was, Wait, I'm sorry, that was the joke. There was a joke. Yeah. Wait, I, I thought you gotta be, Say again. You're with it. So they say No, you're On it. You're right on it. You're doing ballet is one of the most difficult things you could do. So I say just don't do it. And then the second one was, but What was the second part of your speech? Appropriate Joe. Appropriate response. And Then the second one was really bad. It was, there's not even a joke. Oh wait a Second. It got worse. I Go ahead with the second Sean, because I didn't sha how you've got the now you've got got the audience.


He's on a roll, let him go. And then what? He had the audience with that first one and, and you Finished. I didn't know how to write a joke. What? Your closer My closer my closer are something like, Hey, isn't it funny when you see people outside in public call their pet for the first time? Like, you know, Hey, spot, hey, whatever. But like, what if it's like, Hey mustard, come here. Hey, catch up. And it was, there's not even a joke. It's just bad. No. At night at 22 years old, I'm like, this is gonna kill. And it was, it's ter I mean, I don't even know what the joke is. It's honestly, it's mystifying. Yeah. That, that somebody would just have the, not just have the balls to get up and do it. We know how scary that is.


I'm not a standup and neither. Yeah. But then be that bad. But But to go but to go up and and think, Think Right. That you could just Talk would be an I thought I could just talk thing to say in front of a group of people, Open with that. Fuck It as a comedy just to say out loud as a, as a thought. And to, and to relay that in front of someone who was take you had the number I one selling comedy album in the world in 2013. Yeah. Yeah. That one number, The World without Sean writing my material Is, is there a way, is there any way you could make Sean's either of Sean's And I that up, I use the term joke loosely. Would you ever be able to make that work on stage?


Do you think that that's Change the name of the, of the animal from mustard to ketchup to something that would be a little bit funnier to hear yelled across apart Or just set the, or just construct a joke better? Which was my question, which was I was getting at, which was like, did when you got up and 'cause you're a very great storyteller and a lot of your comedy comes from things that have happened to you in life. Thank you. Did you? You're Welcome. Fucking hell. Honest to fucking God too. Did You, did you, how did you learn how to craft like the rhythm of a joke or a story? Because I got up the point of me telling you all how bad I was. I got up and thought I could just talk. And were you that way when you first started? Or did you know how to write? Well, I Thought, And I, I realized I must be like everybody else that you go watch standup and you think, oh my God, I can do this.


Yeah. Everybody that does standup thinks, oh my God, this is, and you know, there's, I get calls from people that are like, oh, my friend at work is so funny. He's moving to la Can you meet with hi? It's like, yeah, everybody in the office is hilarious. Everybody watching standup thinks they can do it. And it just was, you know, I took the leap like everybody else. And I think my first one did go well. And then I signed up for a competition the second time I did stand up And I bombed so hard. And the only thing I heard in the audience, aside from silence was my friend Derek choking to death, laughing at me.


And then I ran off stage and we drove back from Orange County back to la But, but it's just been a process of, you know, of I mean I thought I could do it. I I have been doing it and you know, I started out doing kind of deadpan one liners and then they Yeah, well kind of got longer. And I, I I will say Will, I'm talking No, I was gonna tell you something. I know we always interrupt. This is our hallmark of our show is interrupting our guests. Show Not for the guests. Once I was finally No, go ahead. Will. Well I just wanted to say what, what I, I I was kind of agreeing. I wanted to say that it's not surprising and kind of going off what Sean said, it's not surprising because you have one of those, you are the type of person, And I don't know you that well, but we've known each other over the years a little bit and gotten to know each other a little bit more.


You are a very funny, and it's not true for all standups. And you're not just a standup, but you are a very naturally funny person. You don't have a choice. Yeah. In it, I, I will say that like, I don't think that Thank, Thank you. Fuck. Now. Sorry. Sean gets that one, not their first. And, and you are a very naturally, so, you know, I think that that it, it does come to, I'm not surprised that the first time you went up that you were able to sort of connect with the audience because you're a very naturally funny person. I will say that. Well, thank you. That's what I wanted to say. Well, I appreciate that. Well, and, and certainly after I, I thought I had gotten my bearings in standup, I, I thought, well, I've got this.


And I booked my first gig on the road and it was like in this comedy club in a strip mall. And I, I had only done shows in Los Angeles in like kind of hip rooms and whatever. And then now I'm like in the middle of nowhere strip mall and I was staying with friends and they let me use their car, but the venue actually will put you up at a condo and they have a car for comedians. And I was like, oh, I don't need the car, but thanks. And this club was called Wits End in Denver.


Mm. Oh, that's good. And I bombed, this is my first road gig. I bomb the entire weekend. And then I hear before the, the second show on Friday or Saturday, I hear the owner saying, where is our emergency fill in comedian? And I was thinking, oh no, what happened to Nancy? Because I was thinking something must have happened. Answer. I was mortified. I thought she died. And, and he was like, has anyone heard from the emergency fill comedian? And I'm like, what the hell? And, and then, and then he walks up to me and gives me my check and fires me.


And it was so mortifying. It's again, my first gig on the road. It's the holiday season. I walk out the front door and I'm like, oh no, I forgot. My friends were coming that night. So my friends are in line to get into the show and they're like, woo, we're so excited. And I was like, I said, oh, I was just fired. I was, my comedy was so bad it cost an emergency. And so they're bringing in a fill in comedian. Like they couldn't even stomach me for the rest like that last night. That is, so they said, let's all go meet at the Mercury Cafe.


I'm like, okay. I go to get my friend's car And I drive off, hit an ice patch, No Spin out of control like in a cartoon. I'm still in the parking lot of wits end. Oh my God. Okay. Okay. And then the car stops and I'm of course pointed in the wrong direction. I'm mortified. I'm like, I thought for sure I was gonna be wrapped around a pole. And then I start laughing when I realize I lived through it. 'cause I immediately thought, what if I had used their car? Their car was a station wagon from the seventies that had clowns painted on it that said follow me to wit's end comedy club.


And if I had died in that moment, wrapped around a light post After being fired. After being Fired. Fired. So anyway, it's been a long road, but I'm almost 30 years in. Yeah. How did you stick with it, with that kind of a start? Why don't you say, yeah, fuck this, I'm gonna start a different career. You know, I feel like standup is like, if you're in an abusive relationship and you keep thinking it, it was good. Once I can get that feeling back. Right. Right, right, right. The first time I did stand up, it was right. I do think it, it went well enough.


Right. And, and then the second time I did not win the a hundred dollars in the, in the competition I signed up for. Did You, did, did you ever send a thing about sending like the, the charts from your number one comedy and sending it to the dude in Denver? Well, he also died. Oh my god. Black widow. Wow. Must stay away from that. It's out Of the path of pig. Yeah, Man. I mean, what, Yeah. Well how about, do you think that your, your your, your talent, your skill, your, your angle on all of this has progressively been arcing up? Like has it, has it continued to get better and better and better and better?


My attitude? No. No. Doing standup and your experience with it and like, are You, my question is your attitude. Yeah. Do you find, do you find that, that you're getting, is standup a thing? That can be, I, I find that I'm getting hopefully a little bit better each year. I continue on doing whatever the hell I'm doing. Oh really? And do you I think, I hope I'm not asking, asking Golf. He's talking about golfing Golf. Let's be clear. Not Yeah. It's golf do. Is that something that you're still enjoying? Are you still ascendant in your Well, you know, I, I finished my last tour and put out my standup special and my last tour really kind of ran me into the ground.


And, And I am working in Toronto right now. Yeah. And so this painting behind me is not mine. That's Not you. I was gonna ask you about that listener. It's just a shot of basic, basically Jesus' home. It's up there in the cloud somewhere. That's right. Yep. Go ahead. It's a nice hotel painting. But I, I've been working on new material when I have nights off here and, and that's felt good. But I've had this building need and interest in doing a one person show. And so But isn't that what you do? Yeah, no, I want it to be a little more of a theme and Like a, like a, like a like a two act, three act structure.


Like On Broadway. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. No More of a like, but like a more like, like a I love you, you're perfect. Now change like one of those ones that used to pass on Seventh seventh Avenue. Yeah. Do A little singing, dancing. Yeah. You Know. Well my big Fat Greek wedding was a, was a one woman show that turned into a, a movie 'cause it was her story. So you mean something like that? Yeah. Like a sp and gray type of thing. Possibly. Something, something like that. Or Like get talk radio. Are we, are we gonna keep going with the, your Yeah. Keep guessing more examples. So I'll have a copy sent to you today. So then it is, so then there's a theme to it and it's a little bit more scripted or, or fully scripted? Well, I mean my standup is scripted, but I do interact with the audience or I, if, if an idea comes to me while I'm doing a show, I'll just go with that.


Yeah. And just kind of explore it. 'cause I don't sit down and write my comedy. I write on stage in front of a live audience So I do it fully, you know, without a net type writing. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Do you do, I know you're up there in, in Toronto working. Do you do, when you have free nights or whatever, do you still go and perform out like at clubs in Toronto? Are you doing that all the Time? That's what I'm doing is there's a comedy club Yeah. Out here in Toronto Comedy bar. And I've been doing shows like, I don't know, two or three nights a week. Wow. While You get, you get a comedy bar car, they send you a comedy Zamboni.


Me too. It's a Zamboni Comedy bar Just for a callback. Now you dabbled in, you do you, you do the, you do the acting as well and then you dabbled in directing with Stephanie, your wife, right? Yeah. And we Directed Sean Hayes. Yeah. Good luck with that. Oh boy. Walk. Talk a little bit about that. Go ahead. Stages rules. We, we did, we made this decision last minute to hire him. We couldn't get anyone else in the world that Was the emergency actor. He was the emergency. Yeah. Nancy, the emergency fill in actor. That was Nancy. Yeah. That was super fun. I laughed so hard those two days. It was really fun. Is this A project we should plug? What's It called? Yes, it's called Am I Okay. Starring Dakota Johnson. Am I Okay.


It was out a couple years ago Right? Or something like that. It, It came out this year. So thanks for being on top of that. Promoting. Yeah. Okay. No watch part my hard Work. You've been such a good friend. So what, what kind of part did Sean, Sean Don't forget He does. Or you don't forget. He doesn't ask any questions. He has no idea. And he's not curious about your life. Yeah. Go ahead Jason. You know, I wanna, I wanna say something about the static thing though because you know what always blows My mind? You want change the subjects from your Cast? No. He has more bits that he is to No, Don't hear him. You know, it blows my mind is like when you, when people get up there and they can just, how can you just talk? Like how do you have so much material that you don't, 'cause I'm used to memorizing a script.


Right. And so, but there's nothing, And I know you've written it all, but just to, like, if somebody says a topic you can, you can have the perfectly constructed joke about that thing and you have it. Well it's all in your, at the bank of your head. But it's not all perfectly constructed. It's that I just try to leave my mind open outside of what I've already written or thought about. Yeah. And then if something crosses my mind or somebody in the audience says something, I allow myself to go with that. Whatever that is. Yeah, yeah. I got it. And explore and find what's funny About that. Yeah. And now that you've had all of this tremendous success over the years, do people co come up to you all the time and say, Hey, I'm such a fan.


Can you just do, can you say that funny thing? Or like, do they try to prompt you to, to perform for them? I Would say the most common thing I get is that no, no, people don't do that. But I did this like 15 minute bit about running into the pop star Taylor Dane. I did this story years ago And I did it on this American life. I ran into her so many times and the first time I ran into her I genuinely said, excuse me, I'm sorry to bother you. I just have to tell you I love your voice. And she was rude to me and she said, yeah, I don't do that anymore.


And then turned and kept talking to somebody. Wow. And then I kept running into her and every time I saw her I was like, oh my God, I'm gonna go up and say the exact same thing I said to her at That party. And just for my sister Taylor, Dan was a big eighties pop star. Like, Okay, Just in case people dunno who Taylor Was your sister born after the eighties? The fuck are you doing With No, I'm me too, by The way. Was it really? You didn't know who Taylor Dan. You don't know Taylor Dan. Tell it to my heart. Taylor Swift. Tell it to My swift love will lead me back. Nope. Anyway, so you see her a bunch of times. You keep her The same. So I see her out to dinner, I see her at cafes, I see her everywhere. And I just walk up And I interrupted her every time and would say, hi, excuse me.


I'm sorry to bother you. I just have to tell you I love your voice. I love your voice. Yeah. Every time. And it became this, she's, who the fuck are you? It became this. So this experiment that I was doing, 'cause I was like, Did she know it was you every time at this show? No, no, no. Never. She never, never Ed. She never did. Never did. No way. Yeah. And did she But anyway, die. Really funny, huh? Is she Alive? Did she die? She's, No, she's alive. Okay. And then, and then we actually became friendly because of this. 'cause word got out that, you know, I was doing this story and then whatever, And I did this on this American life. I, they did the story and, and then invited Taylor Dane to that performance.


And So I met her there. No way. But anyway, people come up to me all the time and say, excuse me, I'm sorry to bother you, but I just have to tell you I love your voice. I love your voice. Amazing. Wait, TIG. Tig, that's so good. I love that you did that. First of all, I love your commitment to shit like that. Some you've told me umpteen stories of things that you do and one of my favorite. Please tell us about some of the things you'll do at parties. Mm. Because it's my f these are my favorite Party bits. Sure. Party bits. Actually, you know what, a bit that I did on, on radio, morning radio when I first started doing standup, I'd have to go at six in the morning to in, you know, some like Fargo or something to do to promote my, my show.


And I Would always ask the radio host to please talk. Like, as soon as I come on the show, please talk about how gorgeous I am. And just like, just like go on and on. Like, like Howard Stern and certain people just like, you are beautiful. I mean, look at you. And yeah, because I thought, oh, maybe that'll get people to the show. But also it really made me laugh to think of people showing up to see this is years ago, and just seeing a disheveled, monotone lesbian on stage, you know, talking about my cats. You're Like, you're like, I didn't, I didn't know I was gonna an Indigo Girls concert. I go, Hey, wait a second.


But tell talk about okay, party. But, but talk about party, party party. The fucking, okay. God, I'm so jealous. Oh, one of I I feel like you really liked this one. But yeah, my friend Henry Phillips, who is one of the funniest comedians, please look him up and watch everything he does. He's so fun. Hi Henry. And Henry, he has a couple of movies out punching Henry. Punching the Clown. I'm in one of the movies. But anyway, he And I do so many bits together. Yeah, he's so good. And he, I used to live in Venice in California and, and he was like, Hey, he is like, I'm at a party near your house. He was like, I don't know any of these people. He is like, you gotta come do some bits with me.


And I was like, yeah, sure. I'll head over. And I love the mischief of it. And So, So I go meet him and we're just loose at this party doing all these different bits that are truly for our own amusement, which is what I do things for. Yeah. Yeah. And if people catch on or they enjoy it too, that's fine. But I am re I love, I love looking foolish. So I go in, ISI don't know anybody at this party except Henry, I go into the kitchen, there's like five people standing around, you know, leaning against the kitchen counter, having a drink, chatting. And it's a Saturday night, maybe nine 30. And I lean in And I just tap the wall And I go, Hey guys, I'm gonna be going to bed in like 10 minutes.


I am no idea if the owner of the house is in there. I have no idea if the host is in the kitchen. I don't know who those people are. And then I go find Henry and I'm dying laughing. And I was like, oh my God, I just told five people in the kitchen And I was going to bed up in 10 minutes. Wrap up. Yeah. And he's like, oh my God. He said, there's like 200 people in the backyard, you have to go out on the deck and announce that. So I was like, no problem. And this is years ago before I was like on TV regularly and whatever. That is really funny. And I walk out on the back deck, everyone's holding their solo cups and whatever, and I'm like, Hey everybody, just so you know, I'm gonna be going to bed in like 10 minutes.


And, and to me I'm like, you know, it it it, I am I for all, you know, I could be going home and going to bed in 10 minutes. Yeah. Right. That doesn't mean I own the house. The they're bad. Not yours. Take, there's something about that that I've just always loved. I think it's the funny, it's so that fucking funny, funny. That is profoundly funny. It reminds me, I used to always wanna do this, But I never had the guts. I wanted to drive around like Beverly Hills, Bel Air, like in a fancy car and pull up to gardeners as they're about to start on these big fucking estates and just go roll my window down and go. I just spoke to the Mrs. She said, you guys can take the day off, fully paid and just start relieving gardening crews around Beverly Hills and Bel Air.


And they're like, look at each other. Like, I'm fully paid. Yeah, you guys, she's the Mrs. Said, go ahead and take it. She had a long night. She had a long night. You guys don't turn that shit on. Get outta here House. I remember one time you texted me to you said, I'm about to drive by your house. I want you to stand outside and look on your phone, but don't look at me. Yeah. As I drive by. And So I was like, okay, I'll do it. And, And I stood by And I couldn't look up. And you drove by and you said, Hey Sean, hey Sean. And I didn't look up. That was the bet. That was the bet. I had a beat buried in my phone. I didn't quite understand it, but it made me laugh. You don't understand it. It was like performance art. Yeah. God, that is so good.


You know, to, you'd like this. My, my buddy Pete, Sarah, IC and all these English guys, they did this bit once they, they'd go to a restaurant in London and they all learned beforehand. They got together conspired and they learned and they, they sang, it was somebody's birthday, so they sang Happy Birthday and then everybody at the table, like eight of them launched into a second verse that they had written. So they start singing a second verse to Happy Birthday and everybody in the restaurant starts looking at each other like, Hey, what is this? As if they never The second person. That's so How fucking Funny is that? Oh my God. That's great. I'm so jealous.


I know. We'll be right back. Alright, back to the show. Okay. What about the kids you would now have with your wife? Stephanie, you have two little the cutest boys ever. And they Yes. Max and Finn, they're doing well. They Have sense of humor. Seven, eight. They are eight. They will be eight and a half this month. And I about that. Huge into golf these days. Truly. They are so into golf. It is. So come on. They're they're so into, they're into baseball, basketball, they're on swim team. Yeah. And, but yes, Sean, they're, they're, there's, they have a sense of humor.


Funny, funny. My son Max, I, I think that, well I tell everyone he has, he is bone dry and we don't know where he got that. Sure, sure. But Who was it, was there a bone dry comedian that really kind of defined your comedic sensibility? Like was it like Steven Wright or somebody like that? I was really into Steven Wright. Yeah. And I also really loved Paula Poundstone. Yeah. I thought she was so great at writing jokes, telling stories, and also interacting with the audience. I felt like she could do everything and still feel that way. But, but yeah. My, my kids, they're like little, A friend of ours described them as like little Midwestern uncles because they're, they're just, they have like a certain maturity about them.


And my son, max, one of my favorite things that he said when he was four, Stephanie And I were sitting on the couch with Max Finn, her dad and our three cats. And Max got up when he was four, just got off the couch and he said, I'm getting the hell out of here. All these damn cats blocked out of the room. And I was like, I like your style kid. Yeah. No way. That is funny. So funny. Yeah. They're the best. Never, Never dogs for you? No, I've had dogs. I had, I've had a couple of dogs in my life, but we are, we call our house Kitty City.


Yeah. And do you like that the cats just sort of, they take care of themselves, they don't bother you. Yes. You don't bother them. Yes. Or whereas Like a dog, I like that in a person. Yeah. A dog needs shit. Right. A cat needs nothing. Oh, okay. I mean, but I do love an excited dog that's just like, about to have a stroke. Yeah. They're so excited to see, like, they get The zoomies. Yeah. Now Stephanie, you, you really make Stephanie laugh too, which is great. You guys laugh. Yeah, I love Stephanie. Stephanie really makes me laugh a lot. Yeah. Yeah. And she's really funny too. She's funny. Yeah. She's, she's so funny. And she's in love with Will. I'm in love with Jason. And we don't know where Sean fits into this equation. Sean was with the Kitties. I love Stephanie.


Yeah. I love Stephanie. I love stuff. Is there a meet cute there you wanna share with us? Yeah. We met on the movie Lake Bell's movie called In a World. Mm. The Great Lake Bell. Yeah. And I was deathly ill. I I didn't know I had three deadly diseases at one time. And then Yeah, come on. I collapsed, went away and dealt with, Wait, was this a cancer? It was cancer, pneumonia, and this intestinal disease called c diff. I had it all three at once. Christ. Yeah, I remember that. So I go away And I was in a relationship. Stephanie had never dated a woman. We really enjoyed each other on set, but I wasn't thinking I was into her romantically and she wasn't thinking that about me.


So I collapsed. I go away six months later, I resurface in the world and the, the movie's going to Sundance. And, and we exchanged numbers And I told her, I said, you know, I'm not the biggest texter. And I told her about this girl that texted me incessantly after coffee and that she texted that night. She said, sweet dreams, the girl I had gone out with. And not that I thought Stephanie was into me, But I was just giving her the example that I'm not Yeah. Great at this. And that night Stephanie texted me Sweet Dreams And I was like, oh, that is hilarious. Yeah. And then we start texting and, and it's kind of building and I'm thinking, oh, I'm really into her.


And she had invited me. I was writing my book at the time. She invited me to come meet her and her friends at Lapu be in Los Angeles. And I thought, oh my God, it's 11 o'clock. I haven't showered. I'm wearing this big wool Canadian wool sweater with an eagle on my back. I can't go meet her. And then, and then I thought, oh, well she's not even in into me, so who cares what I look like. Yeah. Right. And it happened to be Valentine's Day. And so boy, she's sitting at this table, happened to be, but truly, she, she wasn't into, she wasn't into women. And And so she's at this table with friends. I walk into the bar, she is wearing a dark blue Canadian wool sweater with an eagle on her back.


No What? And I like, No way. This is insane. I said, let's switch sweaters. So we switch sweaters and our her friend says, get together So I can take a picture of you. We go to hug each other and we start making out immediately when we touch each other. Nice. Wow. Wow. And so we end up making out that night and then she writes me a 5 million page email the next day. I get it. That's telling me how much she loves hanging out with me. How funny she thinks I am, she's not gay, but that she wants to be friends. Like goes, I can't tell you how long this email was. I'm reading this going, ah, I, because I realized I do like her, you know?


Yeah, yeah. But I thought, well, I can't chase her because she's not into it. So I wrote back, okay, dike. And that's the only thing I wrote. And then she said, when she got that response, she just thought, okay, I like this person. And so now Yeah. That's great. That's, and then, So I mean, at funny, you know, however you're comfortable relaying this, if there's any further in the story you're willing to go, how does that, do you guys just start seeing each other for what, because you wanna respect her sexuality, but you wanna continue seeing her, but you also don't want to like, you know Yeah.


Work on flipping her or like how do Right. How does that go? What, what, what, what happens? Well, so It's true. Yeah. That's a good Question. I mean, I just don't like how, how do you protect your own? It's valid. It's valid. How do protect your own heart and like, you know, Go to work flipping her, put on my Heart hat. So I didn't, I didn't know that she had that, that okay. I didn't know. Okay. Dyke made the impression that it did. I just thought, I need to be lighthearted. Let this go. Yeah. And, and just see her as a friend down the road. But I knew it was gonna take me a beat. So I told her, I said, I get it. You know, like when we talked again, I said, I just need some space and then I'll be able to see you as a friend and everything's fine.


And So I went to Montreal and was doing shows there. And, and she reached out to me like a few weeks later and she said, I'd like to see you when you get home. And I said to my friend who was there with me, And I was like, why does she want what? And he was like, 'cause she likes you. And I was like, no, no, no, I know. But she told me she doesn't wanna, he was like, well, what do you think? She's like, oh, I wanna see you again So I can tell you for sure I don't like you. Right. Yeah. And I was like, I don't know, maybe. And then she came Over. We had, we had multiple friends that were females that weren't gay. Right. You had multiple friends that were females that weren't gay. So you, you were thinking, you know, maybe this is just another one of those perhaps, right. Yeah. I just didn't know what to think.


But I, I got back to LA and she came over and she's just a very, she's a very confident, comfortable person. And she's very straightforward. And, and it's what I realized I'm so into about her. Yeah. And so she sat down on my couch and she just turned to me and said, I realized that I, I wanna be with you. And I was like, oh, what do you mean? And she said like, I want to be with you. I don't wanna, I'm not saying I want to see how it goes or check things out. I want to be with you. Oh, that's God. And I was like, what?


I was so, So I You still did, you still had the eagle jacket on or? I did. You still hadn't shout. You still hadn't shower. We took our eagle jackets off and we got down to it And it was just pure, it wasn't, it wasn't about I declaring as a label or anything. Like, it was just like, all I know is I just really wanna be with you. Whatever that is, it is. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. Wow. Yeah. And, and we did, we we make each other laugh a lot and very Cool. I love that. I love her so much. And, and I love you so much. And I remember one time you had, you were doing your live show and you wanted me And as a guest and it was at the court Largo, where is that? Largo. At Largo. And so we had such a good time and we laughed really hard. And then the next day, literally the next day, next morning, I go, yeah, the next morning I go to lapan this restaurant on Larchmont and you walk in and we both had the exact same outfit on that we had, that we were on stage in.


No. Wow. Yeah. We Both, oh my God. Scrub. It's closed And then woke up thinking, well, it's early. So I just want, nobody's gonna, I just want an egg. I want a couple eggs And I'm gonna go home and shower and change you Across the city. No one from the show's gonna be there. Yeah. Do you remember that? Except we live close to each other and dress alike. Yeah, Exactly. Oh, and you know what I have to say, also, Stephanie directed my latest standup special Oh, no way. And was nominated for Emmy And so was the editor. And so was everyone else except me. I was the problem. Really? Oh, no. Yeah. Now wait, what is the name of that one?


Is that one Hello again? That is Hello again. Yeah, Very, very nice. Yeah, very. So wait, are you in Toronto doing standup or a movie standup show? No, we're doing standup. She Doing, doing show? I'm doing a show. Yeah. Doing Star Rek. I paid it because I know what she's doing because I asked her. I'm doing Star Trek with Holly Hunter and Paul Giamatti. Yeah. Oh, great. Wow. Do they have to wear the alien makeup? Paul? Yes. Holly? No. Are they lesbians in space too? I haven ask just For just For full, For fer called, it's called Star Lesbian, star Lead Academy. Lesbians in Space. That's The new series Star.


We don't know. I don't know Holly Hunter, but we love Paul gti. He's just a gem. He, he's a gem, gem, gem. Yeah, He is. Yeah. Yeah. And Holly's great too, and I'm sure obviously a real talent. And then I'm thrown in the mix. Don't you dare, don't you, you don't A Gem. But I do, I do have, I mean, close to lesbians. Well, it's, it's across the spectrum. But my podcast Handsome Yes. Is right here on Planet Earth. It's like my fourth podcast. I've, I've, I don't know if you know, I've been podcasting for a long time, you guys. Yes. And How are you loving it? Are you loving it? You still loving it? I really enjoy podcasting. Oh my gosh. Yeah.


I was, I was so baffled by it in the early days. I think I started in like, I don't know, 2006 or something. I have no idea. But, but I do enjoy it. It's such a different way to be comedic and tell stories. Yeah. And you can do it inside the comfort of an air conditioned room, you Know, in the comfort of an air conditioned or heated, furnished apartment in Toronto. Yeah, Yeah. Up there with the, with the, with with the Jesus painting behind you. Do you want congrats? Do you want I can, I'll text her real quick. Guaranteed she's available. Do you want to have lunch with my mom today? I Would love to. Would you? Yeah. She's close.


She's a character. She's a lot of fun. She'll keep you on your toes. Okay. We'll hook up the lunch. Okay. I'm gonna hook it up. Take hurry home and get back to our Sunday. Yeah. Rhythm. Fun. Yeah. We Miss you. We miss you. I have missed you. I Would love to see you. When does this come out? Today? It's on right now. You gotta tell your family. Yeah. I'm gonna tell all my dead parents to listen, But hurry home so we can hang out again. There's a Better chance of them listening than Sean's dad listening. Put it that way. Wait, how can I naturally mention? Because I, I wanted to naturally mention something And I You're doing it.


Didn't naturally mention it. You're Doing it. I, I I have a documentary that just got accepted to Sundance, huh? Yeah. You ready for this? You ready for this? Fantastic. And weren't you, weren't you working on a documentary for a while? Yeah, I was gonna get to that. Will, you know, I've got a bunch of questions Here. Sean, Jason? No, Sean, you didn't, Jason, you didn't even know about it. Go Ahead Jason. Thank you for asking Will. Of course, of course. I have been working on a, a documentary and it is, I, I had called, they're incredible filmmakers. They did the Pamela documentary and the Dr. Ruth documentary, Serena Williams, all this. And, but I was like, I can't sell you on this person. You have to do a deep dive. Not even that deep on Andrea Gibson.


And, and they called me three days later and they were like, we're in. And they got on a plane, flew to Boulder, Colorado, and started filming. Oh, wow. When does it come out? Well, it's gonna be at Sundance. Sundance. That's January, right? This jumped in In January. But Andrea is a brilliant poet. Just a brilliant poet. Mind bellowing and Yeah. What's it, what's it called? The Documentary, you know, what's the documentary called? I, I believe right now it's Come see Me in The Good Light. Come see Me in The title's Kinda shifting a little bit as we get closer to finish. Well, I mean, that's the last I've heard is that's the working title is Come See Me In The Good Light.


But it is an, it's a phenomenal documentary about a phenomenal person And sorry, mention Andrea's full name again for the Andrea Gibson. Andrea Gibson, gibon Gibson Written eight books. Oh, amazing. Wow. Incredible. I'll check her out online. Amazing. You these guys will love the books. Yeah. We you the there an audio version. Love books. Books. And these are pictures. Love books. Now that's, are you gonna go to Sundance? I am. When? When. Okay, good. I'm gonna go to Sundance and Yeah. Yeah. Going to Sundance. Yeah. Well that's great. Good luck with it. Yeah. Thank congratulations on that. Finish Strong there in Toronto and get your ass back home here.


Send our love to Stephanie. Yes, please. Who we also miss And all of my love to your families and thank you. And I'll see you at Sunday. Fun day. Anytime I'm home. You'll Very soon. You'll wonderful. Very soon. Wonderful. Alright. Love you. Thank you for doing this. Enjoy the rest of your day. I love you. Stay warm up there. Well, truly thanks for having me. Of course. Thank You. Love you all Dearly. Thank You. You, that was Awesome. Love you honey. It was awesome. Bye. Bye guys. That was Tni. Tarro? Yep. Okay. That was Tta spelled TIG. Yep. That was such a funny story about her name Kor, About the pig teat. You know, you know, pigs do have teats and you can get, that's why makes sense.


Can, did you know you can get milk from a pig that there's pig milk? No. There's certain countries they drink pig milk. Oh God. Yeah. I'll try it. Did you know that? Will, did you know that? I try. No, I don't know what you're talking about, man. Pig milk. Okay. Pig milk. But what? Okay. Yeah. And people drink pig milk. They put on cream. Yeah. Yeah. You knew That though. I put in cereal. I'll put it in Cereal. I, I I didn't. No, no. Oh good. I actually, I actually, I feel worse for now knowing it's Not true. I was hoping you would say Yeah, of course. I fucking Knew that. Know you fucking How great is Tig Tig? We've known for, I've known TIG for a long, long, long, long time. Yeah. She's always been so funny and so unique. Like, there's nobody like her. No. They're really, yeah.


And I just, I love, I just love, 'cause I usually end up sitting next to her at Sunday And I just, I love, I just drink it all up. I love her. Yeah. I love every minute with her. She's so funny. Yeah. So Willie, I say you call your mom and I might do it. I Would have lunch with your mother in a heartbeat if I was in Chicago. Oh my God. I Would too. I Would love, when is she gonna come down here? I want to talk to her. You know what else I'd like to do? I'd like to go to your childhood home. I'd like to see your bedroom. Yes, yes. Which I bet is still pretty much intact. Yeah. No, No, no, no, no, no, no. I've moved a few times since. Yeah. What would we see in your boyhood wall when you were growing up in the house there? What age were there? Like posters of hockey, hockey players? What age? Like, you know, 12, 13, 14.


Okay. Well, it, these are various, so like 11, you know, from the time I was like six to 11, I had a map of the world. Sure. This is true question. Huge map of the world. And then underneath on the sort of the legend underneath it had all the countries and it just had listened. Just basic info about every country capital, but the size, it's, it's, it's, you know, sort of square mileage population, et cetera for every country in the world. So I had that. Wow. And then when I was, geez, when I was a teenager, I ended up having, like, I went to boarding school as you know, for a few years. And then I came back And I had, I had a Smiths poster on my wall. Yeah, sure. Yes. Yeah.


I had a big, the world wall. That's great. Listening and Morrissey poster. Yeah. Had the best. Were you kind of like a mod? Did you ever wear like eyeliner? No, no, no, no. But I wore, like, I wore like tapered, like green sort of Dickies type pants. I wore a lot of that. And I wore Doc Martins, Doc Martin bros. What are brogues? Like, like shoes, right? Like wing tips sort of like, you know what I mean? I Got it. Yeah. Yeah. Like ducky from Pretty and Pink. Yeah. But I never, but yeah. But like, but never, I wasn't a mod in that sense. I I But I Yeah, but I You Kept it tasteful. Sure, Yeah, of course. Yeah. You, you keep it, it timeless. That's the key.


Oh, 12 or 13. 12 or 13. Did you have posters of yourself on your wall because you were in like Tiger Beat 16 and all that shit? Yeah. All the different hairstyles and because there's different sweater in each one, you know? Yeah. Yeah. God, I wish it revealed that Sean had a poster review in his room. It would be the best thing. I Would be the, I literally reveal, I had a, I had a, I think we said this one when Rashida was on the show, I had a life-size poster of Quincy Jones on my wall. Did you really? Oh Wow. That my dad just put up there for me And I just never took it down. Isn't that weird? You never took it? Yeah, I just, all I had was Michael Jackson posters everywhere. Did you really? When I was a kid and, and my favorite one was probably by Jean.


Oh my God. Bye. Smart Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm. JF Smart Less.