
Apple Card is the perfect cashback rewards credit card, John. Yes, it is. Earn up to 3% daily cashback on every purchase every day. Oh, anything else? Well then grow it at 4.40 annual percentage yield when you open a savings account with Apple Card. I actually was joking. I didn't know that you knew that much about it. Okay. I do. I I do. Do you wanna hear more Or no? Well, you know what, if they wanna know more, they can just visit Apple Do co slash card calculator to see how much you can earn. Apple Card is subject to credit approval savings available in Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, savings accounts provided by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA member. FDIC terms apply.


The Morning show is nominated for 16 Emmys, including best drama series. What you are asking is unprecedented. I Am unprecedented. Reese Witherspoon, outstanding lead actress, did you ever tell anybody? And Jennifer Aniston, outstanding lead actress. Let all the secrets come out. Billy Cruda, outstanding supporting actor. This is the show for your consideration. The morning show, now streaming on Apple TV plus


Oh. My God. Guys, look at this. Look at this Place. What a pretty, pretty gorgeous It's nice here, right? I mean, it's seriously nice. It's it's a Seriously great spot. I mean, like, are you guys serious? Dude? I want you to be serious with Merena. Be serious right now. Guess. What? We are Serious. Yeah. and Wait. Oh, I hear what you're saying. We Are serious XM Welcome listener to SmartLess. Smart. Smart, smart. Bless.


JB. Are you sorry, I know you, you're, but are you, are you having like issues, like connection issues or something? Oh, I could be your little, very well could. Yeah. I might need a a a new computer. Yeah. My, my, all my ports and holes are, are rusty. Yeah. You might wanna get another, another take on that if you, Because you know what I mean. Let's put it a different way after I finish at the computer store. Go to the doctor. Well, Let's Just, or bring your computer to the doctor. Yeah. So I apologize if I sound like a, like a broken computer today. America. That's Okay. You don't need to apologize ever for anything. We love you. Yes, Love A lot. You're very loved. Thanks. But I'm glitched out Today.


Okay. So, and don't worry about it. So anyway, I had, I just woke up a little bit ago. I had the craziest dream. I'm not making this up. I had a dream And I was On. Was I in it? No, I don't want hear it. Okay, Great. Yeah. You know, I actually don't. You love It isn't the the narcissism and you just flare up when someone says, Hey, I had a dream about you last night. I, I, I stop everything. I go, oh yeah, Sean. Was I In it? No. Neither of you were in it. And I was on the operating table and they took my heart out and it was just And I saw them taking all of it out and the guy's like, Was it filled with Juju Bees? No. And the guy said, I said, okay. So it was some procedure. So I'm like, don't I need my heart to like, live like all the blood?


Like, I can't live too long with it outside of my body. Right. He's like, no, no, you'll be fine. And then he started giving me fried chicken. Swear to God, he started, started putting A breast of fried chicken in your chest. No, but like, making me eat it with, he's like, you want some of my lunch? And I was like, okay. I was fried chicken. Isn't that weird? What'd you have for dinner? I don't remember. What did I have for dinner? Oh, I had P bread with chicken and hummus. It's called a falafel. Yeah. That's it. Boy, this is bad today. Yeah, it's, should we just get to our guys? Let's start Over. Let's start over. Everyone back to one. Okay. Will you forgot a couple of buttons at the top of your shirt real quick before we continue.


It's real s steamy out here right now. Is it? Yeah. It's, you look like George Hamilton. It's Period. Period. Like a period. George Hamilton. Yeah. Like from what era? Alright, great. Ready? Here we go, everybody. Oh, shit. Real tired today. That's I Know what Well, wait, wait, Sean. Wait, JB. Wait. I just woke up. Did you? I really did. Just Like, did you have a dream? Did you Shaw, did you wake up usual, like wake up at four, awake till seven? I woke up. Yeah, I woke up at four, started playing games and reading stuff, and then I went to back to bed pretty quickly.


Quickly. What Was the game? Don't say games with mess on it. It's Candy Crush period, isn't It? No. No. I usually play like hearts or I'll play solitaire or I'll play something mindless so it kind of gets me sleepy again. Oh. Because Candy Crush is the real brain teaser. Yeah. You don't wanna start the critical functioning at four 30. A real brain teaser. I gotta get the yellows to match the brain red. This is gonna keep me up. Exactly. Oh, man. All right. Here we go. Nobody. Okay, you guys. Nobody's in the mood for us today. We're, but we're in the mood for our guests who're so excited. Let's talk. He's too cool for school guys.


These are all your hints. I'd give anything for just a fraction of this man's brilliant acting improv Mathematician. No, he's first, his first and last name. Start with the same letter. He's tall. Af Soupy sales. That's what the kid say. No. He played Daddy Warbucks in Annie when he was 12. Like myself, a born and raised Midwestern boy. And also like myself, afraid of the ocean. He may or may not have Juicy Dirt on John Favreau. It's my new best friend. The always hilarious Vince V On Cut the shit. Vince cut the shit. What's happening? How are you guys? Good. See you guys cut the motherfucking shit. Oh Great.


To now I'm up. Now I'm Up now. Now I'm up too, Vince. Good morning. I like the steamy. The steamy is excellent. It's confident in the morning will And I like that. And a necklace that draws my eyes as well. Dreams are important. I don't know what fried chicken in a dream means, but I think it's something that you might wanna look under the hood and Bateman. I love that you are still figuring out how to record. 'cause I'm the same way. I like, I can't turn on a, I can't turn on a streamer without my 13-year-old daughter helping me Guys. Well, hold on. I feel this is like I know, I know. I love this old family member that I haven't seen for how many years, Vince? It's been a while. It like 10 years. It's great to See you. You too pal.


How's Kyla? Kyla's doing great. Yeah, she's doing great. Kyla's your wife for my sister Tracy, who doesn't know that, who is a real estate Broker. Yes. Tracy Kyla's. A woman that I've, I've asked, I took her hand. Mm. Canadian Canadian gal. It's a Canadian. Oh yeah. I went north of the border. Anette. You know what it's about A fucking A buddy. Hey. Yeah. What Fucking a writes. Oh, fucking Aright. Fucking beauty. Grab this beauty Singing And. I was singing your praises the other day. Again, it's usually once a week when I talk about there is no one better at what you do than you, My friend Vince, I don't know if you listen, but we always talk about you on this Thing. No, I listen a lot. And that's nice coming from, from all three of you. All three of you like are, are funny and, and joke around.


And I've had fun. Vince Vince with all of you. You have, you have such a facility. You have so you're so funny in such an easy way. From the first moment I ever saw you perform, which was swingers, you were just fucking from that moment on, I was like, this guy is, he's a fucking grand slam. Every day is the home run Derby didn. Didn't think so. Fun. Think so. Here's Why. I, I I was thoughts by the way, Is the picture locked? The picture is locked. But let's have your notes. Well, I was just, I thought maybe you could try a little harder than Me, but Vince, what, what, what, what? That's a little, How does it feel to be honest in that one? What was before? What was before Swingers? How did it, how, how did you come loaded for Bear in that? I have have All of those Questions.


Was it, I know a little of this, but my brain is not, not working as well as it used to. So remind me of what I used to know. I know there's Chicago in there. Well, I, you know, like you, I started acting very young, but just in community stuff. So like, both my parents worked, so I was always performing. I just gravitated to it. You know, probably lack of success in other areas. And for some reason I felt like good attention there. And, I have to say, like, as a kid, this is something I talked to Philip about. That show that you did That was on where you were such a smart ass on that show. What was that one called? With the Checkerboard? Yeah. It's your move was fucking, You were so fucking funny in that me and Todd, when we were working with you on Star Ski and Hutch, I brought up, he's like, I loved him on that fucking show.


You were such a fucking confident kid. Doesn't hold up kid who didn't care what people thought about you. But, but I, I just kinda like stuff always as a kid, that stuff made me laugh. Like Sanford and Son, he made me laugh. Absolutely. You know what I mean? Like Red Fox, he just didn't care. And he, it wasn't like he had a lot of skills, but he wasn't gonna have his day bothered. I don't know, I just kind of found that stuff funny. So I was always performing, started doing improv in high school with improv Olympic and, and got an agent in high school and started working and then came out. But where Swingers we, we got benefited from, I think is John And I were hanging out. He came out to Los Angeles and then he sort of took stuff That was going on in our lives and jokes and things that we said and, and formed the screenplay.


And because we were raising money for it, it's almost like Nichols used to do what he would perform on Broadway before they would shoot something. We were trying to raise money. So we must have had five, six table readings of that thing. Mm wow. And so we had time to investigate it and think about it and tweak it slightly. And so when we went to go film it and the bars were open and they weren't closed, we weren't bothered because we were so well versed with the Material. Oh, that's amazing. But what, speaking about though, you grew up in Chicago, so did I not Far from you in the suburbs. The great suburbs. Yeah. You grew up in Buffalo Grove, grew up in Glen Ellen. Yeah, Buffalo Grove and then Lake Forest. And then I went to Lake Forest afterwards. Yeah. That Lake Forest is beautiful, by the way. Yeah. But wait a minute. Isn't that weird?


We were born this, we're the same age. Same year. So Weird. Same year. Yeah. Wait, wait. In both in Chicago, holy, Holy shit. In the suburbs. You're right. Right. Like you and 25 million other people. That's fucking crazy. What are the fucking odds? Hang on. They're pretty good. What are the honest that two Americans were born in the third largest city in the country and now live in the second largest city in the country. But wait, it gets Better. Sean's got a follow up. Everybody Hold On. Gets better. It gets better. Yeah. Ready? So wait, did you, I read that you did children's theater there. Hmm? Did you do Children's Children's theater? Yeah. As a kid. I was in, I was in community theater where we would play the, we would play the, the adult roles as, as, as young, young. Where, Where was that? Do you remember? That Was at the Gorton Community Center, which is a place which Robin Williams went to high school when it used to be a high school.


Was it in Lake Four? This is like Bugsy Malone. Right? You guys were playing Yes. Without the pies. But exactly. Remember that one with Bao? They dazzled with the pies. Yeah. It was all Okay. 'cause they threw pies. Remember that one, Annette? You had to see that one. Yeah. They had a Tommy gun that shot Cream pops. Right? Is that McNichol? I think it was Kristy McNichol Was was McNichol charming in front of the camera with I was for her. God, I remember Fucking, they were throwing whipped cream at each other and dressed as gangsters. I was so in love with Kristy McNichol when I was a kid. I remember specifically jogging with my dad one morning in the, the, then the, in the quiet streets of Woodland Hills. And I started crying. I trailed behind him. And I just started crying. 'cause I had a dream about her. And. I couldn't believe that it wasn't real.


And I just started weeping. Dr. Just, I must have been 10 or 11 or 12. So in love with her, knew her and now her hair out like her, her No. Never met her. Never met her. Not once. I think I, I met her brother. There's So much about That story is psychotic. Oh yeah. There's so much about that. Yeah. Fucking Red flag alert. Mean fuck. Wait. But then you moved out, you moved out in 88, is that right? You Moved out? Yes. Right after high school. I, IIII gave up on my academic career. No College. I was so no college. Good for You. Me too. The same way I didn takes a lot of gut. Understand. It's easy. It's easy to go to college. Takes a lot of guts. Yeah. To fucking pass it up. And to even, even, even more bold is not even graduating high school.


You're welcome. Yeah, You're right. Yeah. I only, I only graduated 'cause it was important to my parents. But I was done. I was ready to move on. Yeah, I get that. I get Wait, what was going Up? Ha Did you go to school for four years? Did you go to college? Me? Yeah. I went to Illinois State University. Okay. And. I have a scholarship fund set up There. Was that still Saluki? That was is that Carbondale? That's normal. Illinois. That's normal. Illinois. That's Right. Yeah. Isn't that a a funny name. That's the name of the team. I have to say this though. I want to just say this because one of the best performances I've ever seen in my life was you and Goodnight Oscar. That's very that how great. Cannot tell you how fucking blown away I was. Yeah. That's very sweet. And This is just me being a kid of the age I am. The fact that that's not on film makes me wanna murder somebody.


I know. That was such an incredible performance. That's Very sweet. Vince coming. Anyone that Tony deserved, Anyone won the fucking, I think He could've gotten, if they could've given out two Tonys. I, Tonys, I couldn't believe it. If you did any one of those things, I was like, oh, he's got, he's older. He's got the fucking addictions. He's, And then the piano playing. It Was just, it was flawless At 0.1 fan. It's very sweet. At one point in my life, I didn have two Tony's. But listen, I I, Did they take a Tony away? Did you get Reggie Bush? Did someone take a Tony away? Were you your money on the side? Two? No. No. One of the Tonys had to go home. 'cause his, his wife called. So is that what it is? Wait, Vince, that's very sweet of you to say. And it means a lot coming from you. No, it's True. Did you guys both see that play? Oh, he was in. Are you kidding? We wept. We fucking wept.


We literally, he said, Jason sat in front. We wept, we turned and we were like, this is unbelievable. And I turned to Will And I said, I think Sean's ruined the podcast now, because now we can't disrespect him. Yeah. I wanted know And I said I had, I said, I kept saying, I had no idea he had this in him. I had no idea. You could never tell from any of his past work. You had no idea. No idea. It was so outta left field. Very sweet. So, you know, we were just on a previous episode talking about audition stories. And one of the funniest thing, who was it? That was like, was it Ja Jason? It was you that would No. Was it you walked? No, Jason, Jason would say, would say that when he leave auditions, Jason, what would you say to them? Oh. But it was, it's probably came across as an asshole. But That was trying to be a sort of humble and not be as presumptuous that they would ever hire me.


And I would just, oh, I would, I would say, Hey, good luck with this as I left. Which It was just such a wrong thing to say, but I, you could take It the other Way where it's like, this is a fucking nightmare. No one saw this Problem. You know, you know, you know what I think they took issue with was the wink that you gave them with That was when you gave them a full win. Double wink. good luck with this. And then a wink Like a babysitter leaving a house, sleeping them with a Kid. Good. Good luck with that one. But, but I read, I read the You did something really, wouldn't you go out and shake everybody's hand afterwards or something? Oh, I was fucking, yeah. Well, I try. I didn't know. So I felt like it was like a job interview in the Midwest. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I would be overly like, kind of nice And I think it was draining for the people.


Like they just wanted to see you read and could you do the part. But I would like go outta my way to be like, well, it was a pleasure to meet you. They had like, who the fuck is this guy? Well, that's A nice thing to do. And I would always say like, I was kind of coming from an insecure place. Not humble, but I would always, for some reason compliment the screenplay or the, or the, or the script. I'd say, this is really great. I mean, even if it was fucking terrible, I'd just say, wow, this is great stuff. After You had just finished improvising probably. Right? I don't even know. But I didn't really improvise on those. I was, I was more kind of stuck to the page. And, and yeah. This is, it's a weird process. The, the audition process is weird. Do you remember your last one? Well, the one thing in Swingers is because Favreau made fun of me.


I had done a couple afterschool specials. I saw, by the way, I was, I was gonna ask you about that. I saw you in one. Yeah. I did a couple of those. That was my bread and butter. Yeah. Wow. I made my bones, I cut my teeth after school. No, Way, No, Way. Yeah. We were, we were tackling shit like sex and steroids and Yes, I saw that. I said crazy. We Were bringing some sunshine to these houses that were filled in darkness. Do you, do you remember any of the, do you remember any of the dialogue from any of those that you've never been able to show? Or any scene that you've been like, fuck Yeah. One, one of 'em was a scene with Billingsley where I discover he's on steroids. And I say that you're wired all the time. You're like some doper. He wants to, he, he wanted Nicole Edgar, I believe to like her.


Sure, sure. And so he was, he was pumping up some steroids to do some long distance running. And you know how they, you know, how they proved he was on steroids was, 'cause he wasn't necessarily Buffet at the time, although in excellent shape. But he would just roll up the sleeves on his shirt one time. Sure. Once That was the transformation to say the steroids have happened. Oh, Christ. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But I went in for an audition. And I started And. I didn't get And. I was like emotional. It was a real story. I came back and FAU asked me about it. And I said, God, I I really had a great audition. These people were moved. I really got to the moment. And I was like, but I didn't get it because I'm like tall. And I'm like three years older than they wanted for the party.


He's like, well, why are you even going in for it? I said, I don't know. They just put me in. So that's why he kind of was making fun of me with that story where I make it like, I was phenomenal and really a great performance, but I was just too old to get the part and the trailer. No, I've worked with Peter once when I was a kid. He was on Little House in the Prairie. He played a, a little kid who stuttered named Gideon. That, that I befriended. I think we're we're both like 11 or 12 something For Tracy. Peter is the star of a Christmas story. Yeah, yeah. And the director of Couples retreat. Yep. Yes. And he just did a sequel that he produced in and wrote for Christmas story last year. That turned out really well. That was on HBO. Oh Yes, yes, yes, yes. That Was great. Vince, when are we gonna go back to Bora Bora and do couples retreat too?


God, Was that a fun location? Oh God. That was the greatest call I ever got. I think you and Stuber called me and said, Hey, we, we got a part for you in this film. We've, we've, we've named the character Jason. It's wrote it For, we wrote it for you. Right. It's we're you're gonna shoot on a, on a Bora Bora for what? A month and a half And I mean. It was a bi, the biggest payday I've ever had. I it was like the greatest job ever. You were great. You were great. Always So funny. And it was like our Burt Reynolds phase. What Do you mean? What do you Mean? Well, we just go to a location that's great instead of story. Right. It's a bunch of Friends like Cannonball Run. It's like, I don't know. It looks like those guys were like, let's go. But we, we just were looking for a place that would be, you know, amazing that no one had heard of.


And and that's what they found. That's the fast. Let's should do the sequel on a ski mountain. You Guys did a couple movies together, right? You did that. We did. You mentioned Star Ski. Yep. What else? Breakup. Breakup. Breakup. I feel like there's another one. I'll think Of it. Jason is funny. Makes me laugh so hard. You fucking kill me. Some of the stuff you added just in that scene with Jen And I on the couch when you're like the counselor and the realtor was so funny. You guys, I would work so hard 'cause you just go through a rehearsal with Vince and you just see how facile he is. And then when they bring in second team to write it, I would run to my trailer and I'd break out a little piece of paper and a pencil and I'd come up with all my alts. Yeah. All my little things that I'm gonna add, add and sort of Oh yeah.


Which is like the biggest mistake, you know, like, you get it all prepared and all loaded and then you'd go onto to set. And so now you're trying to shoehorn in some stuff that while I'm practicing my faces in my trailer, it all works great. But then of course, you know, Vince is just like in the moment like you should be and adding great shit. And then I'm putting in these lines that have nothing to do with, Hey fellas, what about this? Yeah. And so many times I'd get these looks from Vince like, Hey, a motherfucker, what are you doing? Like, you're wrecking it. Just shut up and set me up and move on. Oh Jesus. Oh God. That was a great lesson. I don't remember. I remember you always coming up with fun, fun stuff. Not nearly enough and Adding stuff. I don't, I don't recall it that I don't know how you do.


We wouldn't be able to do it with a straight face. I mean, it must be impo. I, Vince we went to, do you remember one time we went to some charity thing? We sat next to him the whole time. Vince was in my ear commenting on everything That was happening. And I was so embarrassed. I was like, I'm gonna have to leave this fucking place 'cause they think I'm laughing at everybody. Oh yeah, that's, and then the guy gets up, who's hosting? And he goes and he goes, this is your face, man. This is the guy. You guys decide And I start Fucking Ted Sarandos says he's the guy of honor. He is looking at me from across the table. Like, why are you ruining my moment? I'm like, this guy's Fucking, maybe that's why I was invited back. Oh, fucking Killing me. We'll be right back.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. No matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I remember when I was a kid, my mom took me shopping right before school started to get some supplies or some clothes or whatever I needed for school. And I knew she didn't have a lot of money and it kind of broke my heart. But the kids need what they need to go to school. So, and it can be expensive Sometimes kids are expensive, but back to school shopping doesn't have to break the bank. Amazon has got great deals and everyday low prices on everything your kids need for a successful return to the classroom. School supply lists seem to keep getting longer each year. And kids are always getting into new activities that need special supplies. Amazon has got a wide selection of back to school items to choose from, from lunchboxes to backpacks, headphones to notebooks, snacks to apparel. Find quality products that your kids will love all while sticking to your budget. Shop back to school at Amazon and spend less on your kids. Visit amazon.com/back to school to get started. That's amazon.com/back to school.


Take a moment to savor the Morning with Thomas' Sean. Okay. Right now or In the morning, Sean, because it can be hard to be mindful in the morning. But Thomas' gives you a breakfast you'll want to savor together. Wow. Yeah, that's right. 'cause Thomas' wide range of products pair perfectly for any topic. I think you know about this. Thomas' offers crunchy yet soft bagels. English muffins with toasty nooks and crannies. Splendor and sweet and cinnamon swirl bread. Mm. Learn more about Thomas' at thomas' breads.com. That's T-H-O-M-A-S breads.com.


And now back to the show. You know, I think we're, weren't we just talking, weren't we just talking to Kimmel or somebody about, or was it Fallon when you guest hosted was either Kimmel or Fallon and Letterman? Was it Letterman? Some? Oh, some. We talking one. And it was without a doubt, like the best week of hosting of any talk show Of all time. Of any year. Of, of all time. I remember Vince, would you ever consider that? But just, I would just like to see you on a nightly basis. Freestyling. Me too. Yeah. And I mean it's, it's enough already with the acting and go on location. I know you got a family, Vince. Let's get you a nice studio job where we can enjoy you on a nightly basis.


Yeah. Yeah. We only get to see cracking jokes a couple times a year. Like, it'd be like fucking nightly out there. Just come on roasting people. Come on man. You Know, it was, it was fun to do the one time, but I think I get bored night after. Wouldn't tonight, wouldn't you guys? This is fun. You guys. This is a super fun show. And you guys have fun. You have each other to joke with. You get fresh meat every night, Vince. Yeah. And you can just sit there and just cherry pick and throw bombs. It was Letterman, right? Vince? It was Letterman. Yeah. It was, it was Letterman. I had fun doing it. It was fun. But, but I don't, I don't think I would, I think I would just get bored. Don't you like going onto a new project? Yeah. Yeah. But you know, you take a bunch of months off and you can go do your thing, you know? Yeah. Do you, Vince, do you find people, do you find Jesus Christ, man?


Are you dying? I just miss Him. Will, what do you find people Vince like with, with quote funny people? Do you, do you expect people do people, do you find that people expect it from you right off the bat? And do you, is it something you have to turn on? And it's exhausting, but once you turn it on, you're good to go, but you like to turn it off and just chill out and stay set. Like, what do you like at home are do you like to spar with, with your wife? I think we're, the three of us might be similar. Where I don't like to be on all the time. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I don't, I I I like to joke around And, I appreciate a sense of humor, but I, I'm not out there Right. Swinging all day. I like to kind of slow it down. Like, I like to joke, but I don't like that.


But Yeah. When, when I first moved. But Vince, I Was gonna say, sorry, go ahead. Sean. When you first Moved, I was gonna say when I first moved here, Is this close to your dream? So you're driving out from normal now? When I first first moved here, I was really, really young. And I. Think I was, I was just always on. 'cause I thought I had to be right. Yeah. And, and now that I'm older, I'm like, boy, God, it, I exhaust a lot of people. I'm sure. What are you gonna come on? When are you gonna turn on, do you think? When I, When Be the moment? You know, we're rolling Sean, you know, you know, I you know what Vince I bet you get the same thing. I was thinking like, Ferrell kind of gets it too, which is when people see him, they, they're like, oh, this is the fun funny guy. You know, for Pharaoh, it's like, oh, you're hank the tank. You're the party guy who's crazy. So I'm gonna come at you 'cause you're crazy.


And I. Bet you, I wonder if you get that A and b people feel, you know, sometimes you meet people and they, they decide they're gonna play with you, but they kind of play too hard. They get weird and they say something kind of critical or shitty and you're like, that's not the game, man. Yeah. But but they try to, they try to come at you hard. Come you hard. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think younger more so you, once in a while someone thought they were funny for their group. Yeah. And so they try to do something. And I would really eviscerate 'em. I would get their friends to fucking turn on them. And I would like have a private moment. Like their friends would be laughing at 'em. You know, And I would have a private moment like looking at 'em like, you thought this was gonna go good.


Like, this is your story. You wanted it. This is you wanted this. Here we are. Yeah. But then I kind of figured it was better. I think as it was better. As I got older, you just kind of, you know, try to kill 'em with kindness. Right? Yeah. You learn that minimal is is better. But as I get older, I still get a lot of quotes and yes, people will come up. But now that the comedy's played, and you guys tell me 'cause isn't it funny, as you get older, people will share with you how they were hurting or a family member was sick. And how the comedies was really something they would watch multiple times. Right. So now it's more of a, of an emotional connection. Yeah. Than it was when it first hit younger. When it was just kind of a, a funny, funny connection. All all the, all the time.


All the time. We get this esp especially this 'cause it's such a weird format because people hear us and so they can do shit and whatever. And, and we started our thing in, in 2020 and these guys will attest to it. You get a lot of people come up and go, I had a really tough year. I lost my dad. And I was at home alone. And I couldn't talk to anybody and you guys, blah, blah blah. And it's kind of meaningful too. Like it feels, you're like, oh great. Like I'm happy That was me. I told you I lost my dad. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, you didn't lose him. We found him drove he just one town over. Yep. He said a motel bender. Big bender. Big 30 year bender. 30 year Bender. Yeah. Vince, your, your dramatic work lately is like stunning.


My dad just sent me an email the other day saying just how knocked out he was on something he just saw with you doing that you didn't are are you, are you, are you loving doing more of that as you get, as you get older and you're, you're thinking about more mature things or whatever? I don't, I don't know. I, I certainly am, but I do miss doing comedies. I miss doing, I miss the studio comedy. You know, that you've done a a ton of I've done a a few of, I'd love to do more. Do you, do you miss that a bit? Do you have, do you have any, any knowledge or forecast? Is any of that stuff coming back? Do you have any idea why it's, it there's so few of them being made nowadays?


Yeah. You know, first off, I think the same as you. My journey's been the same as you. I, I was fortunate to do like Hacksaw Ridge and then this stuff with Zor, you know, brawl and drag. But now I'm dying to do a comedy again. Yeah. Like I'm so, I'm so it's like Sullivan's travels, right? Like, you know, And I and like Ozarks I thought and was, was incredible. And the fact that you were, you know, directing those and running those on top of it and you get your plate full. I'm sure it's, it's great and it's fun, but it does make you miss an agreeance with you. That kind of Nice studio ensemble comedy where you're working every other day maybe. Yeah. Yeah. I just showing up every time. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. And then I think, I think as far as, as far as it going away, you know, here's what I'll say to you.


I, I just was was saying this, I think what happened is, is we went through a terrible time. Like, if you remember the eighties, they tried it with the lyric censorship of those albums. Like when NWA, I thought was such a great album. And then they started putting these warning labors on albums, right. Like parents and it kind of made the albums blow up. Like the albums still came out and Right. It made everyone buy 'em more. Right. But I think they succeeded a little bit with the studio system to say there's, you know, now we're, we're going to decide what's funny, what's not or what's joking, which is crazy 'cause it's, in my opinion, like if you go back to Greek mythology, human nature's always been the same. And you know, clearly with entertainment, it, it's, it's a place to explore a song.


A story is a place to explore rage or lust or selfishness or anything. It's, it's the, it's the outlet. It's like MMA is the place to explore or football, you know, conflict. Not, not out on the streets, but most people, you know, watching a football game don't take that as a sign that they will get rewarded for tackling someone. So I think there's just a, a lostness of like how dumb people must be to think like, this is a, a how-to video. It's, it's, it was insane to me. And so I think we went through this reign of, of, of terror, of, of being policed, of like, you know, what is and what isn't versus leaving people their tone. But it never went away. And I mean that Jason, from this, I think you guys can appreciate this.


The standup comics, when we were doing the Big R comics were not that huge. Meaning there was a real run in the eighties. They all got their own TV shows and, you know, people, you'd go on Carson and That. was it, you were off to the races. That was the path. Yeah. That was the path. But then like in the nineties, I did this documentary for some guys that I liked that were comics because there just wasn't opportunities. Well then what happened was the appetite from the audience for funny art, you know, adult dangerous, shocking comedy never went away. But because the studios weren't making them, you know, bill Burr, who's great and and other comics like him started selling out Madison Square Garden. Yeah, that's a good point. They started selling out the forum and Netflix started paying $20 million for those specials.


Right? Yeah. Right. Instead of putting that money behind a story in a movie. Yeah. Good. Right. So they, they, it never really went away. Those guys were always, you know, making jokes in areas like Bill will make fun of, you know, having to stand up for veterans, which isn't an obvious path to the waterfall or, you know, men in, in women relationships, but Right. But people laugh and he gets to, to do it in a way where society appreciates it and no one takes it as a literal thing. Right. So I think like it never went away. It really helped the standups, but my sense is that it's gonna come back roaring. I think so. In a big way. Yeah, I think so too. Because And I think, I think to, I think anything other than that of any kind of questioning of it is just an illustration of like how arrogant someone might be.


No, I feel that like they're in charge of like, what, who the fuck is is is worthwhile. Right. But what's interesting about that is that, that all these, it used to be such a great point Vincent, and that, that the standups, you'd make it to a certain level. You do whatever you do Carson, you get a huge deal and blah blah. And not all of them were great, were great actors or could act in, in film. Now they don't have to. 'cause they can just do a special a year for $20 million and that, and getting a movie or a show is not the ultimate objective for them anymore. They don't need it. Although if we look back at the Great comics, a movie when it's done well is always more memorable than the greatest standup special. As good as Delirious is A hundred percent Right. We all go to 48 hours.


Yeah. Right. You know, because it's a story that when it works, it's, it's, it's, it's such a powerful thing. So yeah, I think, I think it's, and now some of them are going, like if you look at even what happened with Shane with Gillis, you know, there was like, he can't, now they're all clamoring for Shane. Oh. Because he built an audience and, you know, was able to reach people directly, you know, and people, people realize this guy's funny and, and coming with a point of view and he is trying to make people laugh. Right. So he's really had a huge opportunity because he was able to go directly to the, to the audience. That's a model that's, you know, I think Was this, was this that model in some ways. Do you think this, this podcast, Nah, this, this, well, This, well this is an accident. It, It was, sorry, JB not to, I I think it was still is Bear with me in in the idea with the idea that we, we started it with nobody.


We, we paid for it for the first year. I mean, we had advertisers, but it, it took us a little while just 'cause producing the episodes and the equipment and all that kinda shit. So it was just us. Right. I mean that's in that way it was Right. But it, we ne we never assumed anyone was gonna listen to it and that it wouldn't be around after Covid. We thought it was gonna be three, four months, something like that. Yeah. We, We really, here we are. And we get to talk to our favorite people and it takes an hour a week and we just could not feel more, I Can't believe he's taking us this long to have Vince on. Can you, I I'm taking this As he's talking. I'm like, it's like unbelievable. How the fuck was he not our first guest? This is by the way, He is our first guest on our New Deal on SiriusXM. Are you Serious? No. Shit. Yes. Let's cut the ribbon. Vince, this makes sense that we have Vince as our first guest on fucking SiriusXM.


Yes. This is, I was gonna say, but we were gonna add it later. But I think that's safe to say. And thank you Vince, by, by the way, for, for wanting and willing to be our first guest. It's big honor. What a great start. So we just Need you to wear a ball cap for six weeks, if you don't mind. It's just that serious. It's just when you're gonna, the market, whatever you're picking up, the kids don't fucking sweat it. Well, you can leave it in the car. No, I'll have it, it's an option. You know, some days on, some days off. But we'll be there with it. All right. Listen, wait. Speaking of all, I love that philosophy we're talking about all the comedy stuff, And I know. I totally agree. It's interesting. Do, do you think, like who were, who was it for you growing up? Who were you like, gosh, if I could do that or I could be like that or I could have that career or I could follow his kind of trajectory. Red Fox.


Yeah. I loved Red Fox. It was all of those guys. You know, I I I, there was stuff I used to just watch like endlessly And. I would just, I always kind of gravitated to the, I think it's a little bit like, well, isn't it like with kids, you hide your eyes and then they laugh because you're getting ahead of them. It's like horror. They, they the jump scare and the joke. There's something in, in going surprise where you don't expect it. Yeah. It's not Surprise. Yeah. Surprise. Right. So the stuff That was more, you know, kind of like points of view. That was not, norm was such a fun place in a show or a movie. To see someone with that, with that attitude was, was fun. Is that's why that, that's why Bateman and it's your move made me laugh because it kind of reminded me like J Fox had that.


Right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He did. But you gotta stay ahead to surprise people. And that's, and that's what you're I think uniquely better than anybody I've ever worked with as far as just staying ahead and, and and really coming up behind somebody. It's, it's a, it's an incredible gift. And I I love you for it. It's incredible. Yeah. It's really good. I, I have a couple things I wanna go through. When, when you were a kid growing up in Chicago, this Is the time To do it. Just some admin is just some admin or no, Yeah, just I gotta check these out. Way to tee 'em up so he doesn't So he knows that you're gonna ask him something. Yeah. Here comes a question, Vince. When do Okay, Got it. No, I wait. So did you guys, did you know we were born in the same year we were in Chicago?


I'm kidding. Yes. Again. Yes, we were. So, wait, Buffalo Grove, did you ever go to Woodfield Mall? Oakbrook Mall or Yorktown Mall? I went to the Woodfield Mall. Brookfield Mall. And then I went to Northbrook Court. Yeah. 'cause I worked at those mall. And Then I used to go to the, a small one in, in Vernon Hills. Hawthorne. Hawthorne was ve the Go-to mall Vern. Oh yeah, I know, I know, right? I don't know. Alright, so I'm trying to find, okay, so, and then, wait, first of all, great America was a place that, that took your dollars. I went all the time. Yes. Great America, which is now Six Flags, which is now something else Happening, which is now Six Flags. The demon. The demon Oh. my God. I wrote the demon all the time. Here's a trivia question for you. With The gum. With the gum on the top. Did when, when you went through there was people would stick their gum on the top when you walked the They Were proving they were there, but it was fast.


Yeah. That was fast. Question for you, what was the name of the rollercoaster before they turned it into the demon? The eagle? No, the eagle was later. That was the fastest wooden rollercoaster. And we asked, you would wait for an, for two hours in the Midwest. The thing we would share with each other is say this is the biggest wooden rollercoaster way. Yeah. That was Ours. Wait, what was it? What was it before the demon? It was what? I Believe it was turned. Oh Yeah, yeah. Yes. I don't remember. What is it? Turn Of the century. Turn of the century. Really? Wow. How do you, how do you I can't confirm or deny it, but I, I, I believe it's, it's tough to ask a trivial question you don't know the answer to. But I'm pretty sure that that's what it was. I Can't ride rollercoasters anymore. I'm too, I'm too old. My, my equilibrium gets shot. Yeah, me too. And. I'm immediately nauseous.


I, I Feel I Me too. I'm the same way. I went to Disneyland with the kids. And I was like, I, I, I did one ride. And I was like, I'll see you guys later. What happened? Did one ride? Yeah. What happened? Disneyland, you show up super excited. You're gonna hit the kids. I get all hopped up on sugar And then guys are on your own. I'm be texting over here on a Bench. I wish texting on the bench. And. I kept going. And then I kept going. I kept going. Like they come back. And I kept going. You guys wanna take off? Let's get outta here. Right. You guys wanna do small world or you wanna go home? What are your options? We bring a world together. We be getting outta here. Oh. my God. That's so true. Do You, do you get back to, do you get back to Chicago a lot? I know that you go to Blackhawks games. I've seen you there. Yes. And, and, but do you, do you spend a lot, do you still feel really tied to Chicago?


I do. You know, I always say I, I grew up in Chicago. I, I, I was, I was raised in Chicago, but I grew up in California. 'cause I moved here at 18. So I always felt a connection. I think everyone from there does. And then I always felt such a connection to California. 'cause at 18 I moved here and, and made it my home. But I do go back in the summer. I always enjoy going there. It's a super fun city. Yeah. It's lots of, lots of fun. Obviously. And, I. I have to break up there because I was from there. And, I wanted to, to be in this city. So yeah. In the summertime, I'll go back usually. But with the kids, I'm so busy with kid stuff. Aren't you guys running around like crazy? Yeah. Yeah. But it's so hot in the summer there. I remember it was boiling when We did that movie there. What? Why would you go there in the summer? Yeah.


You get a deal there. Sometimes The winter's cold. The winter's are a different, the winters are tougher. Appetite. Oh, in 2010 you skydived over Chicago. It's part of the air and water show. And. I. Remember seeing that And I was like, why is he doing that? Yeah. What Happened? Oh God. And to be in full disclosure, the night before I ran into some of the Black Hawks, And I had a couple of drinks that evening. Come on, And. I Was up late What I was. And so I got up with a very few hours of sleep. No. And then I, but I was committed. I made a, I made a date with skydiving. And I didn't break the date. And You just Wait. You fucking skydive. Hungover. Yes. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I was like, I didn't know what was happening. I was just honking to the Golden Knights. They were very professional. They were military, they were great.


And they were telling me all the things And I was, had you Done it before? My Brother-in-Law. My mom was with me. No, I have never That was the first time you skydived and you did it hungover? Yes. Yes. And. I enjoyed it. It was, it was an interesting thrill, but it's not something I would sign up for all the time. But it was, it was enjoyable. Are you guys, have you skydived the three of you? No, I was about to, I think maybe with the same group. And then I realized a week before, what's the feeling I'm gonna have when I hit the ground? It's gonna be that I made it And, I. Don't wanna do stuff that I'm excited that I made it. You know, we have children now. I think the three of you to go skydiving would be a nice time together. Three should go you three. You should, you should book a date on the calendar. Circle It. We should. Right? And we shouldn't do separately. We should just be bound as one Take easy. Rash. Sean. That's right. Oh, you think? Yeah. No. Yeah.


We just make a train. Huh? Come on guys. Yeah, I think, I think I would do it. I think I would do it. Really? Yeah. Think so. You've got four kids. I know, But you know what, Can you be Safe? You're attached to the people. You do an air train. How does That make it safe? So I, I'll just both die Soll. I'll do it. I don't have kids, so it's okay if I die. Is that what Yeah, Sure. You do it. Honestly. You got that dog. What's that dog's name? Begar. Ricky. Yeah. Scotty. Oh, Ricky. Sweet. Rocky. Scotty. Scotty. Scotty and Rocky. Ricky. Ricky. There you go.


And now a word from our sponsor. Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. As most of our listeners know by now. And I'm sorry I have to repeat it, but I portrayed Oscar Lavan on Broadway, best known as a concert pianist as well as a composer, conductor and actor. But what a lot of people don't know is that he was totally ahead of his time and that he spoke openly about his mental health in issues. Unli television. It was kind of revolutionary at the time. We've come a long way since then, but many people still have trouble discussing mental health. Like there's a stigma attached to it when there shouldn't be. But trust me, there is no stigma because if you don't take care of your mental health, nothing else in your life is ever going to be right. A good way to do that is with BetterHelp, since it's entirely online, BetterHelp is far more convenient than in-person therapy and is suited to your schedule. Start by filling out a brief questionnaire, then connect with a licensed therapist via phone, video, text, or chat. So a lot of people know this too. I did a show called Promises Promises in 2010, and it was really difficult. And I, I, we, I hit like this mental block and so I sought therapy to get through that mental block. It was like I got a little bit of stage fright. And I didn't know what the underlying issue was. And because of therapy, I, I made a major breakthrough. And I could sing again. I could act again on live stage. It was a pretty big deal at the time. But Therapy got me through it and I'll, I'll never forget it. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess for 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/ SmartLess.


Get ready to come back for seconds, thirds, and fourths, because all you can eat is back at Applebee's. You're speaking my language now. You can feast like never before on America's favorite boneless wings, double crunch shrimp and tender Ribblets, all with unlimited classic fries. All for just 1599. So grab your friends, come on in and start mixing and matching your next favorite meal. But hurry, because this deal won't last long, which leaves us with just one question. How much can you eat? Come find out at Applebee's.


Take a moment to Savor the Morning with Thomas' Sean. Okay. Right now. Or in the morning, Sean, because it can be hard to be mindful in the morning. But Thomas' gives you a breakfast you'll want to savor together. Wow. Yeah, that's right. 'cause Thomas' wide range of products pair perfectly for any topic. I think you know about this. Thomas' offers crunchy yet soft bagels, English muffins with toasty nooks and crannies. Splendor and sweet and cinnamon swirl bread. Mm. Learn more about Thomas' at thomas' breads.com. That's T-H-O-M-A-S breads.com.


And now back to the show. But now Vince, you know that I, this is true. I just saw Rudy for the very first time, maybe a year or two ago. Really? Never saw it. And I. I, And I. Didn't know it's one of Scotty's favorite movies. Oh, quick review. Yeah. It, it was incredible. It was incredible. And and when I saw you, I was like, Oh my God. So this is, this is part of the beginning of your whole thing. And I. And then, and then I saw pH I was like, oh, I didn't know John was in like didn. Didn't know anything about it. And you, how soon after that did you and and John decide to hook up and write Swingers? Was it like right after? Well he, he moved out from, from Chicago after Rudy.


And then we became friends on the set. And so we hung out and, and we moved to Hollywood. And. I used to go to all those places where real places. I used to love to go hear the swing music. All the ex punk rockers form these swing bands. And then their Dresden was just a great local Yeah. Bar with all ages. I loved the Dresden. 'cause you could get like a 75-year-old in there. And it was just like, I liked Marty and Elaine were so fun to go watch. Yes. Marty and Lane were great. Yeah. So I love that. And then John moved to that area and so we used to just hang out and go out a lot. And then I think I said to him one day, like kind of what Jason was saying just now, which was Why are we auditioning for these scripts and these things that are so out of touch and like, what's going on?


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Because A lot of the scripts were either like, tough guy scripts, like everyone knew everything, or, or they were like, you know, they just weren't fulfilling of the time. And so John, I said, maybe write something. And John came back and had wrote Swingers, And I think in like two weeks or three weeks. He got like a, a screenwriting book and kind of put it in that form. And then we started meeting and talking and going through the script and talk about, you know, all this stuff. But, but the part That was crazy was that we thought we could get it made. You know, when you look back at it, that's the part that's insane. We were like, under our wing. We're like, okay, well we're gonna make this, so now let's start the journey. We'd meet like a couple times a week. Talk on the phone a lot.


Okay, who do we to The done deal? We can get deal. It was crazy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But that's how you get shit done. You, you believe in it. But it was, But you guys can, and because we are, all three of us were born in the same year. I didn't wanna say, 'cause I didn't wanna blow your mind Now. That is a coincidence. No, I was Six magical year. That 1970. No, that's in my notes. That's in my notes. It's Unbelievable. And And I. Remember I was living in New York. I was a young actor living in New York, and when that movie came out for us, it was as Gen Xers. Yeah. I was, I was like, this is a fucking movie that fucking gets it. It's telling the kinds of jokes and the way that I want it to be done. It was surprising, as J JB was saying, with the language, That was hilarious and unusual and fucking references that were phenomenal.


Yes. And also it made me feel like, like being an actor in that moment, you were just speaking to me and everybody else in this kind speaking, Speaking to me. It wasn't jokes written in a studio system. It didn't feel like it was rewritten by a bunch of different known comedy teams. This was new, it was different and it was real. Yeah. It, they were jokes that you could see. These guys were real guys and it was fucking, it just, it was like you guys were like rookies of the year and MVP in the same year. It was just like, bang. You know what I mean? It's great. And you must have you, what was that feeling like? What was the moment on Swingers? Like, what was the, what what screening was it? Or box or what was the thing where you were like, holy fuck, this is really reaching people. Well, you know, we, the, the thing That was interesting was, as you could imagine this, the crew we assembled was not, you know, they were just people looking for a job.


I think our sound guy specialized in adult films. Sure. And so we're really committed And I always wondered about that. Yeah. Because the sound seemed very erotic. Yeah. The sound was very, he Brought a, he brought a, he brought a, I think the set was, was a slow day for him every day on the set. But, but, but we were, we were taking it serious. And I think the scene, there's the scene where I stand up on the table was improvise where I stand up and And, I start doing the dance and stuff at the restaurant. And the reason I did That was partially I could just feel like the crew like looking at us like, what are these guys? Like the whole shoot. Like, what's going on? Oh, yeah. And so I kind of made it like, I'm the asshole. I'm the asshole at the restaurant. Kind of came from like, I was kind of reacting to the cruise feeling of like, this guy's out there and people are, are looking at you in a restaurant, like you're going too far.


But it was really kind of that. So we bel loved it, but it wasn't like, you know, on the set other than the actors. There was a real feeling that this thing was working. And then We did not get into Sundance was the first Wow. First step. Wow. And then, but we still loved the movie. And then it got picked up, obviously by Merri Max and released. And then it really just kind of grew over time. It started to get quoted so much and, you know, ESPN started, you know, saying your money baby. And then, you know, Vegas baby sort of still is kind of you For sure. So then it just sort of hit this And I think. Part of what I think worked about it is there was a vulnerability to these guys. They weren't winning every situation. Yes. Yeah. They're not, you know, everything's not going their way.


They don't have all the tools. And it was a really a, a friendship in that you're helping someone pass a breakup, And I think the vulnerability and, and you know, you go out going to meet girls, but a lot of times you'd end up playing ea hockey Yeah, Totally. In ordering pink time. So I think there was a relatability that wasn't taking itself too serious. You know what's funny, it's, now that you mentioned was this sort of a tragic element to it. Right. It's kind of a tragedy. Anyway. It's kind of sad. Yeah, yeah. For sure. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it, it, it made the comedy much more profound. It's like an American with nail And I in that way, that film of just like, at the end you're like, they, they don't really win. They, you know, like, it's kind of passing time.


The One thing with the last scene of the movie was, I was flying home to do the movie to do swingers, And I was sitting at the airport waiting, you know, in these rows of seats and And I could see the counter. And there was a, a older gentleman at the counter who kept smiling and waving at me. And I had not done anything. No one knew who I was. So I was like, why is this guy so confidently like, waving at me like real aggressively? And so I tried everything. I tried to be like, not, I was distracted. I tried to look at, at a mean, I tried to, you know, roll my eyes at him, but it did not deter him. He was just overly playful and doing shit with me.


I was like, what is going on? And then once he got his ticket, he came walking right towards me. I, I thought, this can't be real. No one can be this fucking tunnel vision. This is crazy. And he walked right in front of me and he had a baby that he was entertaining in the row in front of me. And I was like, this is fucking crazy. That's amazing. I thought this motherfucker was waving and smiling at me. Wow. So really he's entertaining a fucking toddler. So I called John And, I said, you know, 'cause Trent is, is such a, a great character and confident and fun in all of it, but you really focus on the transformation of his character of growing and sort of the, the great thing that John wrote in the movie is when he kind of is himself and doesn't try hard at the bar and says, yeah, I like Keh real men.


He is like, yeah, I guess my reputation when he's not trying to be something he's not is when the door opens, is when the girl connects to him. How do you remember? And so the kind of compliment to that at the end, I thought it was fun if you go, 'cause some of those movies would always wrap up where the character would explain the movie at the end. You know, here's the monologue, or I tell you the theme of the movie. And I'm like, why are they doing that? If the movie did its job, I don't need the character to explain the theme of the movie to me. Right. So kind of as a misdirect, I, the fun of it was for Favre to say, you know what? I didn't know. And then all of a sudden it hit me and you're like, oh God, they're going to do this in the movie. Where now the character explains the journey and then I start thinking the girl is, is is waving at me and smiling at me.


Funny as a way to sort of so funny, pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. Like, you know, Trent is in the way. He sees things a good friend and helpful, but John kind of gets quiet and steers off as if to say he's not searching for some pickup stuff, you know, or how to meet someone. He sort of found an inner truth that's kind of trans transcended him into this next phase of his life. And so I think there's, there's an optimism. 'cause you know, he's got past the breakup and there's the openness for love. Right. And we're also kind of moving past, which I think is an important stage, that adolescent stage that we all go through where you are figuring out how do you make a connection? How do you say hi to someone? How do you date? There's a moving past that to being more yourself and finding a partner that likes you because you're comfortable with, with who you are.


Yeah. For sure. And, and fuck man, that's great, by the way. I love that. Makes me wanna, I'm gonna watch it. The end tonight makes me wanna it Oh, Sean. No, don't, No do. I was just gonna, I was about to drop on. I can't tell you how many times I've said to people earnestly I've ripped up, but I just, I go, you. And they were like, fuck, he's about to. I go, you are so money. You don't even know how money you are. I've, I've said it a million. Wait, so you, you married a Canadian just like your mother, but that's, you didn't marry your mother. You married Kyla. Well, we all do. Yeah. Well, We all do in our own ways, don't we? Yeah. Oh Shit. Jesus. Fuck. Lemme and, and don't Think I haven't waking up with fried chicken on my mind, my brother. We All go through that cycle, don't we?


So go through it every day. But the And I, I, my, I put my house on the market years and years and years ago and decided not to sell. But I heard that you saw it, you checked it out. Do you remember that? Oh, did I? Yeah. I probably, I I might have Where, where you where, without giving away too much. Are you Hancock Park. Hancock Park. Okay. We gave away a lot. But yes, I love that. I lived in Hancock Park. I lived on Rossmore when I was real. Oh really? Yeah. I live not too far from there. I love that area. Yeah. That's pretty good. What's the address? Sean. Wait, I want know this too. What's what's The street Start with Sean. Sorry. Well, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. I used to drive and it's just stupid. So you're afraid of the ocean? And, I am too. Why are you afraid of the ocean? Well, I'm not, I I gotten more comfortable 'cause I live in a beach town, but I'm not a surfer.


I, I didn't grow up skateboarding. I don't have balance in that way. Yeah. Yeah. I respect the ocean. Sure. It's a powerful entity. I like to go in and cool you off. Good for You, man. I like to go in and cool off on occasion I go, my kids like to go. It's like the amusement park. Right. That's the thing with waiting to have kids until you're older. I'm conscious, like I don't want to be, you don't wanna be an old father, so you force yourself to do the stuff. Right. That one would've done when they were younger. Oh yeah. But sometimes I'm not filled with joy. Why I am participating. Right. Listen, Listen, Vincent, I had another kid. I had, I I had my, my youngest son. I had him when I was 50. But the good thing is I wear vans. So people, they're, they're, they don't know how old I am. 'cause they're like, this guy's wearing vans. He can't be 50. Must be 50. Yeah. He's, he must be at least, you know.


But I also like the way that you said you respect the ocean as if it's this thing that, that you, you're saying it because if you don't say that it's gonna come get you, it will. But so you, you lay your respect. But What about it? But Vince, what about it? What about it scares you? Because what scares about me is like, I've never, I guess all the movies I've seen, did you see Open Water? Do you remember that movie? Open Water Jaw still was a, was a tattoo. Billy Z on my brain. Billy Zane Open Water. No, I don't know if Billy, I don't remember who name. It's the couple that goes, that goes through them. They goes, go scuba diving and they come up and the whole team is left in the're. Middle of the ocean. Yeah. Don't you remember that? Yeah, sure. I'm like, I can't do any of it. I didn't see that. I have that now. I have a new one to watch. Oh Yeah. It's so, it's so scary. So What are you doing over there at Manhattan Beach? You like in a volleyball league or anything like that? You know, my Daughter plays volleyball.


Her team just, she plays for a volleyball club Zuno at 13. And they, they took third in the junior Olympics. Is that right? Crazy. No Shit. Yeah. Good for her. That Was great. That's amazing. So she got, she got your height and your leaps. She she's, she's a good athlete. Yeah. She's tall on the tall side. She's, she enjoys that. But yeah, we're just here, you know, obviously the kids and stuff, they get a lot of freedom to walk around and Yeah. You know, kind of participate and do stuff. I like the freedom for the kids. I think it's so nice if they can kind of, you know, pick, navigate their own friend day. Right, Right. Yeah. Like, like the way We did. If the parents aren't so involved, it's, it's easier for us. And I think they get to, to grow quicker, what they like and what they don't like.


'cause they're making those choices. And this gives a little more freedom to bike around and be able to do that. You know. But you know what, that's so important, Vince, I've been thinking about this a lot. All, all bits aside, it's, we, we talk about this a lot with like the phones and stuff, right? With the kids. I have a 13-year-old son and a 15-year-old son. And the phones are crazy. And And I said to them, we've been, we've talked a lot about it here. J Jason Sean, And, I have And I said to my kids, look, I'll give you more. There'll be a, if you spend less time on your phone, I'll give you more personal freedom to do shit and go out and hang out with your friends. And I I'll back. Because I think us as parents, we got so into this thing of like, we, yeah, we got so worried about our kids going and doing shit and yet we'll give them a phone and let them go to the far, far reaches of the internet and it should be the reverse.


Right? I agree. I I so agree with you. If you look at us, all of us born in 1970, and even in our conversation with two of us, you know, some of us not going to college, we were given a lot of bandwidth. Yeah. Yeah. And we made mistakes. But there was a lot of figuring out just problem solving. Yes. And so I think if you're too restrictive with the kids, you know, if you do it little house style, like, like you and, and and Peter b then, then they just, they have a harder time. Like when do they actualize? Is it at like 17? All of a sudden you say, okay, now you're, you're going out there. So I think having conversations, hopefully they feel comfortable talking to you about stuff. Yeah. But you know, you're right. Like if we, if you go to a mall, you know, or you're on the phone, you have a chance to come across stuff that the parents aren't involved in.


And it's better for them to figure out that navigating to some degree with, with, with, with, you know, with guardrails, obviously. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You don't want your kids moving a ton of weight up through South Florida. You know what I mean? I mean, this is, even if, even if he promises that we're all gonna wet our bes on it, I'm like, listen, you're not doing it. You know what I mean? Listen, Vince Vaughn, before we let you go, I want to talk about bad, but first of all, we didn't even get to like Jurassic Park, psycho made old school dodge ball, wedding crash, Fucking wedding breakout fucking crashers. True. Detective curbs. Oh, dodge ball. That's another one. Curb That You are so funny in that bait. I just read that. It was just an anniversary on that. There was some long article in The Ringer that Rossin sent me that it just awesome to revisit.


Yeah. Fucking When you read that out, You Sold that fucking, you were so fucking funny in that movie. That was the commentator. So funny. But tell us about Bad Monkey Vince before we let you go it with Bill Lawrence. And if for Tracy Bill Lawrence created Scrubs. He created Ted Lasso Spin City, Ted Lasso. Oh, He's great. I I I used to play in a poker game with him when I was like 19. And he was super funny and he was a comic at the time. So I, I knew him. He was a friend. And then, Is Bad Monkey a comedy or no? Or is it drama? Well, it's kind of both. It's, it's, you know, it's a Carl Esen book about a detective in Florida. And so the personalities are fun and comedic, but the stakes are real and, and the kind of crime you take seriously. And so it was just great to get a chance to work with someone who's such a good writer who as an actor you can go and play around, be funny, wants your ideas.


Yeah. And, you know, but knows, you know, he knows how to put it together and you're not gonna, you know, have to go through that process. Yeah. So that bill's, you know, I think for all of us, when you work on a set and you've done it as long as we have, and this is another thing as we get older, you know, when we were younger, the crews were so dialed in. Yeah, yeah. You know, you had to be an apprentice to be a prop person for years, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And so now they're making so much more stuff. So when you get to go on a set and it's really well run and, you know, the guy in charge really is fun. And, and it, it, it makes, it makes, it makes it for a good day. Yeah. That's great. Amen. I can't wait to see it. The Bad Monkey is where is on what? That's On Apple. On Apple. On Apple. Gotcha.


That's great. And it's August 14th. It Yeah. Can you imagine saying 25 years ago? You what? It's on Apple. What? I know. Yeah, I Know, right? Whatcha you talking about, man? About, I know your show's on Apple. Get the fuck outta here. We're not, we don't serve drunks. Put some fucking shoes on. You know, Vince, we've taken up a lot of your Saturday, so we appreciate it. Absolutely. Love you so much. Such a fan of the show and all of you, you guys, it was a, it was a blast to get the chance to come on and talk to you guys. So great to see You all. Great to be with Vince. You're an all time champ man. Honestly, you are an all time fucking champ. You're the funniest fucking dude. And thanks for our being our on our maiden voyage too. I'm Sirius Yes. It's a big deal to us. So thank you. Yeah.


This is, This, this looks like blue skies and clear waters ahead. So thank you for having me as A Passenger. Oh, he referenced the ocean. Again, Say hi to the family, Vince, please. I will. Thanks Vince, Please me as well. Jason. Great to see you guys. Alright, See you. Bye buddy. Bye Buddy. You buddy. Bye. The great Vince Vaughn double vs. No Kidding. Double Vs. Makes a w He's so and such a sweet man. So sweet. So easy. Just so his comedy is so easy. Like seemingly easy. What? I mean, you know what I mean? Like, there's just like an you so fluid. Well I if you guys, you, it's a, you guys haven't worked with them before, have you? No, I wish. Okay. I'm tell when there's, when you work with that guy, like when they bring in the slate, they say, okay, rolling.


They come in, they hit the slate, ready and action. And you look at this guy and you know, like it's a Tommy gun coming at you. Yeah, yeah. You know, usually takes sort of comfort and, and, and, and peace knowing that okay, we're all dealing with, you know, a mutually agreed upon plan here with the script. You know, like I know what the next line's gonna be. I know what the next action's gonna be. It with him, it's always up in the air in the greatest way and you just gotta keep your knees bent the whole time. And it, and you want to enjoy it as an audience member. So you're kinda like half laughing the whole time. But then you can't, 'cause you're, you gotta stay in character. It's just, it's exhausting in the best. Did he break you the best, best way? Did, did he break? Oh, constantly.


Like tambor level, Jeffrey Tambor level where you just can't look him square in the eye. Yeah. Otherwise you're gonna laugh. Right. You know, you gotta kind of stare at a cheek or, or a, a nostril or something. Yeah. Oh God. But I did ask him about that, that question I asked him about. Like, you know, 'cause I've, I've been asked to do like ipro the malls. Yeah. Call him back. That the one about what mall He likes. Which mall he like to go. 'cause I work in the malls, doesn't Matter with you. I work There this guy. So, so could. But I asked about that improv thing because you know, you have to, to flip, you have to switch on like when you, when you're asked to improvise. And it's like sometimes when you're not in the mood, how do you do it? Like how do you get there?


It's just the older I get I'm like, I'm, I can't do it. I need somebody. Yeah. But don't you find, like, I find like with this, like when, you know, when, when one of us is tired or when I, I'll speak for myself when I'm tired, I'll just like, well I'll just embrace it. I just use it. Yes. Well now I'm just gonna Be Yes, I know. Yes. Even shittier than I usually am. You know, just like, you know, I and you just become drier and that becomes your humor for the day. Yes. I, I, you know, and that's very good. I do that too. I do that too, Jason. I think that happens a lot. Yeah. I think that we've gotten older as we've gotten older. Certainly. That's kind of the thing. You look Easy to do it here. Well You look Great. No, it's it, but just about the you just show up with what you got today. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. For And it deal is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not def defined.


It is deal with it, but it's not like, Hey, fuck you. It's just like, Hey man, this is where I'm at right now. I don't have, I can't give what I don't have today. I Can't. Yeah. And you know what, Jay And I was worried. 'cause I know that you've been really tired. You've been, you've been burning it, you've been working your, your tail off. And then you know what? Here comes, Here comes You were fucking so perfectly like fine. Yeah. I thought we were gonna get a buy outta you, but No, I knew you. No, I'm just kidding. I knew you were tired. But, but you know, like, it's just one of those things. And like, you find a way and then you see Vince watching your face light up when you saw Vince. Yeah, I know. And I. It, it was so Fun. I was almost gonna text you Jay That was Vince And. I was fun. It was so fun. I forgot how many times you guys have worked together.


It's wild. By, by the way. That reminds me of, so one of the funniest things Vince ever did, we were, we were doing the junket for, for couples retreat. And he, And I were paired together. And the only way we got through the junket was this game that he played. Where each time the journalist would come in, he would, we, we'd take turns giving each other a word that you had to work into your Yeah, that's, and so like, you know, a Constantinople would be like, you know, and or you know, or you know, Velcro or something. And, and she would just fucking kill me because he's just so straight, so dry. Yeah. He's The, He's That's funny. And, and then when you did, did you guys just crack up? Yeah, exactly. And then of course the poor journalist thinks that, you know, we're having, you know, a laugh at at his or her expense.


At their expense. And they don't know what it is and it's just dumb. Yeah. Dumb actor crap. Anyway, I'm so glad he came on. It was, it was a long time coming. I was excited for you guys to Have Yeah. Nice guest to extreme sex. I Mean, really good. Again, it is surprising that we haven't had him on earlier because he's such a, a fucking heavyweight. I'm fucking serious. I want, I want a daily dose of him. Let's, wouldn't he be an he be talk show host. Amazing. Amazing God. He's made for it. He is. Yeah. You know. Do you guys, do you guys get acid reflux ever? Oh, here it comes. Oh. my God. You know what, you know what it is? It's acid Tea twinkle in his eye or something? No, I'm just asking if you've ever done his Reflex. Yeah, sure. Sometimes. Why? You Know what? Sean Sean.


No, we don't. Let's just move on to another subject. No, I, I'm gonna guess and him. 'cause I just can't wait for this turd. Well, I'm Just gonna say sometimes I get acid reflux, so I, is that right? Yeah. So sometimes I drink water. Okay. You know, to, to, to balance the acid-based pH you know, kind of thing. Sure. And one of those things I drink is bicarbonate and was running Right by it again. I was wondering if, if you guys have ever had buying carbonate, I Can't say it. And then double back and frame it up and hit your productive Buying carbonate. Hey, can I ask you something? Did you quit showbiz? And we don't know about it. You've forgotten the rules. You, you know what?


I would just like to say a nice normal on our very first episode on Sirius to our incredible listening audience. Thank you for being with us. Yes. Thank, thank you for staying with us. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. And have a great day and a, and a very pleasant and sincere Thank you for stopping. Goodbye. Bye. Goodbye. Smart. Less smart, less SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Grander.


Smart. Less


Pulling up to Mickey D's just for drinks. Oh yeah, that's me. Nothing extra. Just perfection. And a straw coming in hot for the coldest cups on the block because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's. Mix things up with any size lemonade or sweet tea for a dollar 49. Perfect. With our classic fries, price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Ba ba ba ba.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. One thing I've learned is that you buy a house, but you make it a home. And for decades, Angie's helped millions of homeowners hire skilled pros for the projects that matter. Get all your jobs done well@angie.com.