
While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


Alright everybody, this is massive. Don't miss NTUs taking on Manchester City in the U APHA Champions League. It all goes down on Wednesday, December 11th at 3:00 PM Eastern Streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports. And sign up today, The new Showtime original series. The agency is coming to Paramount Plus the 10 episode spy thriller features a stellar cast, including Michael Fastbender, Jeffrey Wright, Jodi Turner Smith, and Richard Gere. The agency follows Martian, a Covert CIA agent ordered to abandon his undercover life and return to London Station when the love he left behind Reappears Romance reignites. His career, his real identity and his mission are pitted against his heart, hurling them both into a deadly game of international intrigue and espionage. New episodes of the agency are now streaming on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan. Visit Paramount Plus dot com to get started.


So, hello here. This is, this is is a cold open to our, this to our upcoming episode of SmartLess. The Cold open is Jason. The cold open Is, this is where we do a little bit of banter. Have we, Have we prepared anything? Have We prepared? Nothing? Can we just get a suggestion from the audience? What is it? I think that'd be great. Bananas. Banana is the bananas Is the, is the, is the the, the prompt is the, Yeah. It, it makes me think of, what it makes me think of Is breakfast. Sure. Breakfast. Welcome to SmartLess. Terrible. Terrible, cold open. Smart. Smart Bless.


Smart Bless. Hey Sean. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anything you'd like to say to the listening world? I did go recently with me and Scotty and two other friends to an Escape room. And it was, have you ever been, have you Ever been, was it inside your house? Well, You know, You know, You know why I haven't been? 'cause You know who went to an Escape room this weekend? You're Nash for his seventh birthday. Couldn't get in. There were too many seventh Graders in there. You know What, You know what else Nash is into? No. What? Lightsabers. That's right. They Star Wars. But lemme tell you something, but I like the problem solving of Escape rooms. Do you have a mirror close by? I need you to look in the mirror right now. I need you to fucking have a conversation with yourself right now and say, fuck it, dude.


I blew it. Have you, have you ever done it? You blew it. Have you ever done it? I don't think I have. I know my, my, yes I have after All That. Yes. Well, With your kids though, right? Yeah. Well, yeah. I did it. I did it with the kids. But I will say it's really fun and it's hard Collect and just hang up. Here's, Here's part of the other thing that people don't understand. When we, I And I just, Because I haven't done one in years and it was great. Is is that Well you were in that real right, didn't you? Like, weren't you in some guy, he built a thing in his basement And you tried to put you in there. You were in there for like 18 months or so, shit. And You Were like in the, but that was, that was consensual. Where could I get, oh, Wasn't there something that he wanted you to put lotion in the basket or something?


What happened with that? Yes. I'm telling you it was consensual. I forget the details. Remember you telling me once. Anyway, that's an Escape room. But I will say that we like to give each other shit. 'cause I was thinking about, I give you shit I rip on it. Like, no, it's for fucking kids and blah, blah blah. And of course I've done it myself. And so then people sometimes will go like, you guys are just too mean or whatever. I'm like, yeah, We're Fucking around Man. We just having To laugh. You know what I really enjoyed with the kids is laser tag. Have you guys done those one? Those I have rooms. Yes. I won. I won with a bunch of 12 year olds. I won. Yeah. No, no. Here comes Sean again with another adult play date. What Happened? I did it with Bella Bia for her Birthday. You did it with Bella? Yeah. Netflix's greatest Bella Bia. Yeah.


Yeah. We did it for her birthday one year. Come on. Really? It was my call. It was a long time ago. Remember? It Was really fun. Remember? Like, everybody was like super hipster and it was like, Hey, we're gonna go and do kickball, adult kickball league, then we're gonna go do laser tag and then we all drive like old BMX bikes. Yes. So I've got an ironic bicycle. Bicycle. Do you have an ironic bicycle? Like, You know what I mean? Wait, did you do paintball? I did. My oldest brother Dennis for his, for his wedding. I was the best man. Oh yeah. So This is, You know, what, decades ago, You know, I had to do, I did paintball training for a movie once. Paintball. Yeah. When we did kingdom, we, we had to go out and do paintball fights. Really? And it was really, really scary. Getting hunted by, by, by someone. My gosh. I was talking to the kids.


Went Paintballing last weekend. I was just talking to 'em on the way to school today about, it's fun, right? I've never done it. I've always wanted to do it. Oh, it's really painful. I killed somebody with a real gun. Oh, Well welcome to Smart list. Let's get to the guest. Let's get to the guest. I do wanna get to the guest. Let, let's get to the guest. She's, I wanna Get to the guest too, but hang on. I just want to say what, here's the thing. I was just gonna go on a couple things about. Do we have a segment yet called Just stuff I hate? Or should we or? Yeah, we absolutely should. Pretty kind of unofficially covered every week with you, but yeah. Thank You. Thank you. In the body of the show, It's a new expression that we're, that I'm adding to, to storyteller.


Okay. Which is everywhere you go now. And I think it started in the golf world, I think, but it's everywhere, which is, and it drives me fucking crazy. Welcome in. Oh, this is this welcome In, Welcome. In phrases that we'd like to never hear again. You know, I've Never, have you heard people say Welcome in? I have No, you go both. They go Welcome in. Why are we saying in? Yeah, just say, well, if you, if you feel the need to say, just say welcome. Right. Wait, I, two, two that I have, that I don't like is, 'cause I watch a lot of, I watch a lot of football now, as You know, have A day, Have a day. Is is, I, well, I said this the other day when all the announcers always go, we got some play action. They like just saying play action. Just say they have the ball or whatever they Doing. I brought that up. I brought that up to, to our friend that we did the show with jb.


I brought that up to Peyton Manning last week. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I brought up that. I said that you hated the, that they, they overused play action. Play Action. Yeah. Yeah, because they make it made and it's, and then when you're on a, when you're on a flight, they go stewardess, crosscheck, crosscheck and something. Cross Check crosscheck. Yeah. Cross check. Yeah. Is the door secure or not? Yeah. Yeah. How about, why don't you just check the door? You know what? I'm glad they're not saying much more cross check much anymore is touch base. Yeah. Lemme touch base. Yeah. That went away. Yeah. I'm gonna touch, I'm gonna circle back. I'm gonna circle back. Circle back. Or in the theater world, they say, oh, oh, it's in a great space. Oh, we found a great space to do that. If we're gonna go Deep, if we're gonna go deep these days, great space.


A welcome in again. It welcome in is bad. I guess. I guess it feels kind of folksy. But the other thing that has exploded in the last couple years breathe Well. Has, well, for, for the five years before it was, people all of a sudden discovered the word narrative who didn't know it and, and they used it over you. That's true. That's true. But the other one is, To your point, everybody go to his point to, Oh, but I say it all the time on this Show. I know. You say it a lot, you sound like a moron. And, and that it, it's been you, you do you And, and, and it is so overused is fucking No, but I mean, You know, the one, the one that's very overused now is Right. They will very educated people will be telling you a story and we're going along Right.


And blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. And say, no, that's, you don't need to keep pulling me along with Right. I'm with you. I'm nodding. We don't, I'm pulling me along. Yeah. I think that that's been around for a while though. I, I feel like it's Use much, much, much more often. No. Oh my God. You guys, we have to get to the guest. Guest. We're gonna catch you in a second. Yeah. Just sit Tight. Okay. So I know that I, I complain a lot and all of that shit drives me crazy. And, and, and, and I'm sorry. So thank you for bringing, however, You know what doesn't drive me crazy. What, You know, I'm really excited about sh You know what I'm gonna say? Oh, it's the new SmartLess Media. Clueless. Clueless. It's a new show. Don't leave me Hanging. What? Say podcast thought I set you Up. I know, but I wanted give could Be called a po.


Let you, could it be called a pod? Let Oh, it's A Padlet. Yeah. Oh, it it is. It's only like 10 minutes long. Yes. That's Great. It's a little Padlet. Jason. You are. I would, this is great. Mooch you right now. So this is a new Padlet called SmartLess. Just a million little kiss. What Smooch you? So, so yeah. So that's great. It's called, it's a po Padlet, it is called SmartLess Presents Clueless. And it's a bite-sized, twice weekly puzzle pod because there's a bunch of puzzles, like if you like Wordle and stuff like that. And the New York Times Crosswords website. You'll love this. They're 10 to 12 minute Padlet. Yeah. It's really fun. The ho the host is Elliot Kalin. He's the former head writer of The Daily Show with John Stewart. Yeah. Yeah.


So you're the permanent contestant or the permanent host. Permanent contestant. You're a permanent contestant. And then other contestants come and they, they work in conjunction with you. And you guys were Do did the first show. We did It. Yes. I was kind of clueless about what it was about until I got on it. Very, Very, very nice. So every Monday and Thursday, don't miss the fund. You can just subscribe to Clueless wherever you get your podcast. Anyway, let's get on to the guest SmartLess. Yeah. My guest today. This is very exciting. This is a long time coming for me. Huge fan. My guest today is a box office powerhouse. I refer to her as the Triple A actress. I'll explain it a little bit. In the early two thousands, you might remember her as a ballet dancer trying to get picked for the American Ballet Academy in New York City, or from taking a cross country road trip with Britney Spears.


Huh. Anything. However, her recent notable characters are mostly blue and green in complexion. And I can't wait for the new movie to come out. I can't wait to talk about it. And although she herself is hip and cool, every sci-fi nerd, like me knows who she is. It's the magnetic, the most incredible. Zoe Sya. Zoe Sya. Hello there. Woo. Good morning. I'm so excited. This is so exciting for me. First of all, It was exciting to listen to you guys talk. I was like, mesmerized. We're just like the normal conversation. We We're always, we're always nervous that we're like the, the person is sitting there thinking like, these guys are dingdong. Yeah. Hey, I'm so excited to see Amelia Perez.


I I haven it. Yeah. I'm Seeing it tomorrow. Well, well, should we watch it tonight? Can Do you have it? Yes. Yeah, let's watch It present. Oh my God. Please watch it tonight. Yeah. Yeah. And then we're gonna then what, where should we email our notes? Cause you guys aren't locked yet, right? We'll get 'em to you just in time. You, You guys can do pickups, right? I'll give you, I'll give you my, my email and then you can, you can I, I'll forward it to Jack. Actually, I'll give you Jacque o DI's email And you, And you can send it to him. I Hear Translated to French though. He doesn't speak English. Is that true? Was all the communication via an interpreter during the film? Yes. Yes. We had, we had many interpreters and there were many languages spoken.


It was, Oh my God. Spanish and English and French and some Italian. And are you bilingual? You, do you speak all of those? I'm kind of, I, I was raised bilingual, but I'm kind of trilingual now. 'cause my husband's Italian. Oh, wow. And I picked it up after so many years. Wow. Also always figuring out whether or not he was hustling me. It's like Italians or hustlers. Wait, wait, wait. What? What do you It speaks flow. What, what is that? No, but it was, it was great. But Jack is known for, You know, working outside of his language. This is not the first foreign, You know, film that he's done. He did a film called Deep End, which was with these Indian actors.


And then he did a film years before called A Prophet. And that was, that had some Arabic as well. He's not defi by language. He, he likes to kind of connect with human beings. Oh, wow. That's cool. You know, and challenge himself out. And, You know, when it comes to whether or not they speak the same tongue, he just likes to find ways to communicate with people and connect with people. I love That. You know, that would be, don't you think that would be really difficult to gauge somebody's performance if you, if it's not in your native tongue? Right. Because I mean, think about all the ways you can, you can vary a, a reading of a line and the nuance of it. And if you don't know the language that they're, it's hard to read intonation.


I, I can't, I don't know. Maybe. But here's, here's the thing. I, I think as somebody that speaks, You know, different languages, but also understanding that English is a very distinct, You know, language. Yeah. I feel like that exists mainly in English rather than like the romantic languages. It's more of, it's more of a feeling than, than the words like, You know, like I was gonna say. Right. It's, it's hard to explain. Yeah. Jason, I don't know if you've ever heard of this, but love is a universal language. Oh, Wait, what? What's love? Tell me more. I know it's it's side dish. No, no. When did you guys finish that?


We shot it, we shot it Summer of 2023. Okay. Oh, wow. From April. From April to like July. Right. And, and we, we wrapped right before the strike, like a couple of days before the strike. Are you so happy with it, by the way? I'm, I I it's in my notes to get to like, at the end of this interview, but we're talking about it now. You, including three of your co-stars won the award in Cannes for best Yes. For best performances. Right. Oh my God. It's pretty, Oh my God. Pretty outstanding. I can't wait to see this. It looks, because I'm paper. I was reading the description. It's like singing and dancing and this and that and other, but other like, storylines that I wanna give away. But like, it sounds incredible. Yeah. And there's like danger and like a robbery or something too, right?


Or like, it, I mean, it's, it's got everything, You know, it dabbles in so many different genres and it doesn't stay in one place. And I feel like that, that just feels fresh. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. It, it, we all signed up to, to work with Jacque, ODRF. I've been a fan of his work since I was a teenager, and he was, You know, one of those like, top three directors in my bucket list that I felt would never happen right when this opportunity came. It's like a niche of a niche movie. It's in Spanish, it's a musical, it centers around for women. The main character goes through a major transition, You know, trying to, to find herself. And, and everything about this felt dangerous and super risky.


So it was totally aligned with what I wanna do, with who I feel like I am. You know, And I wanna reconnect with that part of me as an artist. I didn't think that it was going to be seen by many, many people. I just thought I was gonna scratch something out of my bucket list and feel so happy that I collaborated with an amazing filmmaker. Yeah. Ka was a surprise for us. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. It was that there was, it was it just like all like the pomp and circumstance of that festival and it was just like glamorous and fantastic all the way through it. It must have been amazing. Yeah. Well, I mean, and and he is, You know, he's a fan favorite. Yeah. They're very proud of, of their own, You know.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Can was a wonderful festival to Premier Emelia, but I think it's the movie. I think this movie of feels really important and it's audacious and it's provocative and it's a bit campy and melodramatic. And, and those are things that I think audiences are, are wanting to have a little bit more of. Cool. Sometimes films can be so linear and, and that makes them a little, I don't know, cold, sterile. Yeah. You know, stories I agree. Sometimes can get really sterile when you try to do everything right. What if you throw everything away And you sort of go off script? Yeah. And, And you fall And you collaborate with your artists as opposed to sort of kind of being super stuck with a vision.


And this is the vision, and this is the vision Jack sort of like, is is very much a traditional director, but he's also a person that is yearning to, to connect with people, You know, through cinema. Yeah. Otherwise, he would be locked up in his room, like just reading. That's, he's an avid reader. He's an intellectual mind and, and he's a bit shy in social gathering. So, so cinema and storytelling is the way that he kind of connects with, with the world and, and the way that he allows his artists and also every, every department to add to the story. It just felt, it felt like an, like an experiment. And, and that within itself became the experience of Amelia Barris for us.


Wow. That's so cool. Yeah. And we will be right back.


You're probably good at a lot of things like, I don't know, watching tv. And finally, that greatness is being recognized and rewarded by sling. Introducing rewards from Sling with slings Watch and Win sweepstakes. All you have to do is watch 30 minutes of TV daily for chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other prizes monthly. There's no catch. Sling is seriously giving away chances for you to get paid by your TV provider just for watching the TV they provide. You can earn rewards by signing up for Sling or for a free account with Sling Free Stream, which gives you 500 plus channels or always free TV and movies. Sling's Cloud DVR lets you record your shows to watch on your schedule. There's no complex technology, no long-term contracts, and no hidden rigmarole. Watch TV anywhere at any time and get rewarded with Sling. Sign up for free today at sling.com/win. That's sling.com/win. Watch tv every day and improve your chances of winning $10,000 in cash and other prizes monthly. sling.com/win.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for this day.


Did You know that every year over 1 million Americans are diagnosed with diabetes? That's why GoodRx is here to help with 20 popular diabetes medications for less than $20. And this hits home for me, especially because Scotty, my husband, has diabetes ever since he was 17 years old. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. Whether you're refilling a diabetes medication or picking up any other prescription, don't forget to check GoodRx for savings on diabetes medications and other everyday prescriptions. Check GoodRx. Go to GoodRx dot com slash smartlist, that's a GoodRx dot com slash smartlist.


And now back to the show. Zoe, you talk about, you talk about bucket lists. Where did that bucket list start for you? When, where, where and when, where were you when you decided that you wanted to be a performer? It's funny, I've, I'm a Gemini. I live a very absent-minded life. I, I, I don't, I don't make conscious decisions. I, I just, I go with the flow. I knew what I didn't wanna do, But when, where, sorry, sorry. Like, but where was that? Like where were you? Where'd you grow up? Like where? New York. I I was born in New York. I, I mean, I was born in Jersey, but I don't like to say that close enough. I, I, I, well, because we're New Yorkers since 1961, like I'm a daughter of immigrants and my grandma arrived there in 1961 and we're like native New Yorkers.


Right. So in New York, partially. And then at the age of 10, we moved to the Caribbean. So we did sort of like the reverse migration. Oh wow. We went back to where my family's from, And I did, You know, my formative years, like from 10 to 17, 10 to 18, I, I, I lived there. And then we returned back to New York. I think that my, the beginning of my bucket list happened unconsciously. I must've been like six or seven. And James Cameron was probably the first name there. Oh, wow. Along with like Steven Spielberg. There were films that were very memorable to me when I was growing up because of the characters. Like Sarah Connor was this character that love, just spoke to me. Love it. She just love it. An Ellen Ripley.


Ellen Ripley, love it, spoke to me. She was just this amazing woman that found ways to survive against these extraterrestrials Yeah. That were looking to use her body. Yeah. You know, as a host and And what a gamble for James at the time, or for anybody to stick a woman in the lead of that with that much power. Yes. Yeah. And strength. I love that. And, and for Steven Spielberg, You know, the et man, the, the shark man to, to then, You know, direct the color purple and, and, and Whoopi Goldberg, this, this character became so, You know, when your little life is just bigger and brighter and more impactful. So I think that unconsciously I was tapping into art in the way that films were just taking me with them, You know?


Yeah. And, and, and making, building a reality for me, that jet that was healing, that was medicinal, You know, when I needed it. Like, I was very much, I'm one of three girls, but I, I'm a solitary person. Yeah. Like, I, I, You know, and maybe, maybe there's a little bit of, I'm on the spectrum of some sort, I guess. But in the eighties nobody really talked about that, You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But my sisters are able to sustain relationships and with friends and function. And I was sort of like this loner, You know, that was protected by my sisters. 'cause sometimes I would annoy people because of whatever, what was, You know, so art and storytelling became my go-to place.


You know, reading books and, and science fiction and watching films and being these characters, You know, became really real to me. And it wasn't until like I was a teenager And I kept clashing. My dad died when I was nine. And telling you everything I feel like chunk, this is great. From, from the Goonies, You know, everything, every, okay, I'll try. This is, that's great. But no, You know, my dad died and my sisters And I, we were eight, nine, and 10. And that was like a big, You know, life changing sort of event in our lives. And art became this healing sort of, You know, assistant to my mom and to us that really helped us. So they did art.


My, my sisters became a, like, she painted and Cicely And I, my younger sister And I, we started dancing ballet. Yeah. And, and that helped me sort of argue, helped me just cope with, with shit, You know? 'cause You know, life is hard when you're little socializing, starting over in a new environment, different language, different people, different culture. Like, that's always like a very big thing for kids. Yeah. And You said, I heard you say in an interview once that you, I dunno if you were joking or not, that you, you were kind of an arsonist at some point. Yes. Wait, wait, what is that true? Well, I, I have, I have three boys and one of my boy just lives on his own.


He's like this lone little wolf. And I, I guess I, I, I feel kindred to him. Yes. I would do, I would do weird shit that, that, yeah, yeah, yeah. That my mom, I think that my mom became an insomnia because of that. Because I would wake up in the middle of the night. I don't remember these things by the way. Like, she, now she's just jokingly, You know, mentioning them. And I'm just like, well, mom, that's some serious stuff. She goes, I know, I know. Like one time you just, you, you, you, I don't know if you were sleepwalking, you just turned on the hot water And you got in the tub And you burned yourself. Oh, geez. In the, it was two o'clock in the morning. And she was just like, is my kid crazy? Like, am I not really addressing this? Like, is my kid off? Yeah. Like, I would turn on toasters and, or like, You know, like, like, oh, turn on the stove and to boil an egg.


But I wouldn't put water in the pot. I would just throw the eggs inside the pot And I would like, I, I guess she said, and at one point you liked the way the, the eggs sounded when they broke inside the pot. And I Oh, that's interesting. And I was like, how interesting. So I have a little one that does that. Well, it was like sleep. It was probably sleepwalking now, Or just curious, just a naturally curious child that probably needed a lot of verbal communication in order for me to understand my sense, my sensations. I was a sensory seeker. I was always like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Seeking things that, that catered to my, my ears and taste and my, my fe feelings. So it's, it's, it's just sensory seeking, I guess.


I wanna know, I think we all wanna know how you started performing. Like was it a school play or was it an inspiration from a show or a movie or something? Like, what was the thing that got you, what was that first thing that got you going performing? I, I transitioned, I danced ballet for like 10 years And I realized that I couldn't break, I couldn't shatter my glass ceiling. I didn't have the feet. Yeah. And that became a very just painful confession to tell yourself, You know? Yeah. But then it was like transition. I love storytelling And I was able to tell stories with my body. So I was in this little theater company in the city, And I was, I was miss, I was playing Mrs.


Pot from Joseph and the amazing technical Dream called Musical. He Sure. And there was a manager There. I was to sing all the songs. Right, Joseph? Yeah, Exactly. It was, it's such a great musical. And there was a manager there, and she signed me. And I first started going to, like, I, I would book commercials. So my first gigs were doing, I, I did a Burger King commercial. Mm. Two for two or something, Jews, the two of us. Oh my God. And I remember I got my sad card from that commercial. Yeah, that's big though. I mean, that's a big, It was, that's a big, big deal was Yeah. And that's, and that's when I knew. I'm like, what one I didn't wanna do commercials I knew then. And I was like, I just wanna, I wanna act. I wanna, I wanna play characters. I wanna tell stories. Yeah. I wanna be other people.


Well, Zoe, the, the amount of big huge budget spectacle films that you've done is Astounding. Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know if anyone's done more Than you. Well, Jason, that I, I refer to you in the intro as the triple the Triple A actress, which means the top three movies of all time Your starring in, which is, which is Avatar. Avatar The Way of Water and Avengers. Yes. You're probably the only actor in all three. That's crazy. Today, today, I, I I, I know that these records were Will, will Always be, but that's Astonishing. But then there's Guardians and then there's Yes. Yeah. But then like, incredible Star Trek or even like the, the smaller films.


A cool, like Out of the Furnace is one of my favorite movies of all time. Oh my God. Was such a good story. I think it's just stunningly good and Center stage. I love Center Stage, by the way, do you have a, I mean, I bet you'll say you like doing both, which I'm sure everybody would. But You know, when you're on one of those big huge movie sets, like you, you might not do much more than like a half a page over the course of a week. Right. Where you're doing the smaller films, you're doing like five, six pages a day sometimes. And do you have a, do you have a preference? I mean, The big ones are exciting. I like everything. I, I think, I think that, You know, that, that I'm gonna answer the way you were expecting. But, You know, avatar was really special in the sense that the way that we shoot it, I, I wish, I wish people can understand that the technology does not substitute the performances.


It only supplements the performances, You know? Totally. And, And you got things sticking outta your head and you're so real. I mean, you're like, And we go through months of training because it is, it's, it's basically Jim paints, You know, those pixel pixelated, You know, things Yeah. Over what we do. So he's, it's not that we sit in a studio and we record like an animation. This is like, all the work that you do is the work that you see, You know, on Avatar. And that form of acting is incredibly just exciting. Yeah. So what you guys do is you'll stand And you will perform the scene, and they will shoot it with a camera just like normal.


And then, and this is a question. And then afterwards, they then take that real footage, which usually is, is the movie that we all see. But they take that footage and then they create a digital version of your bodies and basically create effectively digitally animated characters from it. Yes. Okay. But it's not an animator that is guessing, You know, or estimating how you're moving. No, no. It is your performance because it's, they have these reference cameras. Yeah. But they, but Jim has also created this like, You know, this, this, this gimbal of a camera.


Yeah. That is the, it it's in Pandora. So when you're moving there, there are all these big screens. I, let me know if I lose you. When we're shooting, we're shooting in a set that we call The Volume. Yeah. And the reason why it's The Volume is because all these cameras that are attached in the ceiling of our, of our, our set are pointing all through this sort of square, this space that's called The Volume. Yeah. So once you're in And you have all these dots And you have to, you rom yourself in, so you, they enter you into the system. Yeah. So it's all these motion capture points on your body. Yeah. And you are wearing this helmet that has these cameras here that are also then registering every single muscle on your face.


Got it. So they sync all of that information. And you then, once you enter The Volume, you're, you're in Pandora on real time. So I, you and I can be talking standing in The Volume and we, if we stare at the screens that he has all through The Volume facing us, we're seeing ourselves as avatars in Pandora. Okay. Where we're standing. So what, what he does is he, doc, he documents everything. And his it, and it's, he's his technicians that he works with people, You know, from WEA and New Zealand. And he has people from all over the world. And they're, but they're mainly here in Los Angeles and in New Zealand, they're just basically painting over what we're doing.


'cause it's already in the system. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. And is is the, is the overall goal of that as opposed to like, let's say in Star Wars you have like a real person mixed into a, a, a later down the, down the line created digital environment. So you have a real person in a created digital environment, like A green screen. Right? Right. In Avatar, the, is the gold the reason that he's taking you and putting you into a digital form so that your digital form is in the same medium as the digitally created environment as well. So that there's no difference between the, say a human body in a digital form, in a digital environment, in Star Wars versus with this, it's a digital form inside a digital environment.


So everything is the same in the medium. Is that, is that, is that the reasoning? I think so. You kind of blew my mind there. Yeah. You know, I was like, I was like, Oh my God, he's really taking it there. Yes. Yes. That might be the if what if what you're saying is what I'm understanding, then Yes. Yeah. Will you call me later and explain it to me, what he just said? It's wondering if he was just trying to put everything in the same thing. Right? Yes. Yeah. Well, Jim has always said that, that putting a human being with an animation always felt two different things. Yeah. Unreal. It, it, it looks different. It's like, it's like, who framed Roger Robert? Remember like how Zyme, it's Zyme, right? Yeah. That's, that's George Lucas is a cus or Lucas that did Rod Brown.


Robert Ekka. Robert Ec. Thank you. Yeah. So these filmmakers have always been ahead of their time and they've always tried to re sort of invent the technology that is able then to allow them to, to capture their vision. Yeah. Jim is is that same I I call them kind of scientists? They're, they're, yeah. 'cause they're, they're inventing things that, that will later on down the line, just, just evolve the way that we make films and the way that we view films. Right? Yeah. So for Jim, the challenge was to make a human being and an alien, an animated alien look as if they were in the same medium. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that was, that's great. That was his goal. That's so cool. And he achieved it with Avatar. And you're doing number four and number five right now.


And I, yes, we finished three. So now they're, they're just, You know, they have a year now to, to basically render all of the information that we shot. Everything that we shot. So, And how long did it take to shoot your scenes, the, the actress scenes? Well, I'm only, I, I only play a Navi. I'm not an avatar. So ours is the shortest sort of shoot. And it takes anywhere between five to seven months to shoot. Wow. And then after that, they, then they go to New Zealand and they spend a year there sometimes shooting live action, and they'll do the green screen and then they'll, they'll assemble the whole thing in the same medium. Incredible. And that takes a lot of time. It's, it's incredible.


It's, You know, I mean, the first time I saw it, I have to say, You know, we're getting to your other movies other than just Avatar, but you're, you're your portrayal of Nati is like, I, it was so real. I, I And I, that had to be like, when I went in, I was like, what's this gonna be about? I kind of like had a thing And I was like, You know, that years and years ago when the first one came out And I was like, wow, that's like, that's Zoey being like being this person. It was wild to see, wild to see Well and incredible. It's beautiful when, when actors collaborate with their filmmakers. And that was the very first time that I had an experience where I was cast very early on in the process of putting the Navi together.


Yeah. You know, in terms of how do they walk, how do they speak? Yeah. What is the, how, how do they speak English with a Navi accent, all these things. Like, And I was like, I was 27 and, and working with my, my childhood dream of a director, the Sarah Connor creator. And, and, and he was, he, he was allowing me to collaborate with, with bringing the nvi to, to life. Yeah. So I was working with Erv Dule performers And I love that. And dialect people and, and stunt people. Like how do they fight? How do they move? Yeah. You know, that tail, it's, it's kind of like an extra limb. It felt like going to school or, or being in a laboratory.


I be and conceiving a brand new organ. Like li You know, totally life. 'cause I didn't, I didn't expect to feel is what I meant to say. I didn't expect to feel as much as I felt. I didn't expect to get emotional. And you did it. So I, You know, it's such a feat. Thank you. By the way, sidebar combined, your sci-fi films have earned known over $4 billion at the box office. Billion. Oh my God. 4 billion. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? Hope you had a great deal. Yeah. You're the only actor in history to have started in four films that have grossed over 2 billion, $2 billion individually. 2 billion. Can you wait, wrap your head around that. Say, what did You just say? She's the only actor in history to have starred in four films that have grossed over $2 billion individually. Wow. Jesus. Yeah. I like, I like that you say starred.


That's, that's, that's really, that's really nice. I, for half, for half of those projects, I was a part of them. But it, but I know, And I do, I feel, I feel fortunate to know that I've been a part of great projects that appeal to massive audiences. It gives me, it gives me a sensation of like, of connection. Like I'm connecting with human beings that even though I, I will never, ever meet them, I'm connected to them, to them somehow through the stories that impact them, that impact me by being a part of, You know, And I, I, You know, I've always said this, it's, it's not bad for, You know, a little brown girl from Queens. You know, I feel, I feel excited. We'll be right back.


Everybody is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from each design for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. As You know, I have the dusk lux, and I've had it for several years and it's really, really great. And I have like, kind of an overactive brain as you can imagine. And the second I get up to pee in the middle of the night, I usually have a hard time falling back asleep. But right when I get into the bed and right when I get on top of the Helix mattress, there's something about the coziness that distracts my brain from overthinking. And it actually works. Like, the comfort of it makes me kind of like, ease into it and kind of melt into the mattress. I know it sounds silly, but try it. It's really, really comfortable. This month you can get 25% off site wide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. And on top of that, you can get a free bedding bundle, which includes two dream pillows, sheet set and mattress protector. With any luxe or elite mattress order, visit Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


Hey gang, Jason here. I, I, I don't know how you're feeling right now, but I'm feeling real energized. You wanna know why I'm feeling energized? I started my day yes, with coffee, but I started with Rise Mushroom Coffee. Now this stuff, it doesn't get me jittery. It just gives me that energy that I need, that need that little lift, that little hand that helps pull you up out of the bed, props you up and gets you walking one foot in front of the other. Right? 'cause nobody likes that jittery feeling from drinking too much regular coffee or experiencing that mid-afternoon crash. Unlike regular coffee rise, mushroom coffee helps you stay energized and focused while supporting your overall wellbeing so you can more fully embrace the day. It's, it's unique, it's powerful. Blend of six functional mushrooms that help with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion, and immune support. Try it for yourself. You'll see that little mushrooms go a long way. And with over 150,005 star reviews, odds are you won't be disappointed. And hey, if your golf game gets better after drinking Rise mushroom coffee, well, we can't say that's from the mushrooms, but who, who really knows. Right? Try Rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash SmartLess. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ SmartLess. Don't just wake up awaken with Rise,


Sick and tired of traditional old workout gear. Discover Vori Vori products are designed to work out in, but also to look great in everyday life outside of the gym. Vori makes super comfy and versatile apparel that can be used for running training, swimming, yoga, or just lounging around for both men's and women's items. You'll love, you need to check out the Dream Knit Collection. The dual gender dream knit collection is great for stretching and lounging and has the perfect items to wear for low impact workouts. The dream knit collection is made with special dream knit fabric, which is moisture wicking made from 89% recycled materials and has four-way performance stretch. The Ponto Performance Jogger is a great jogger for men. While women will love the Performance jogger, I know people say this, but I actually really am wearing Vori shorts right now. I have the Ponto short in Heather Gray. And not only do I feel confident if somebody knocks on the door and delivers something to, And I open 'em like, yeah, I'm wearing vori. What, what's, what's with it? Yeah. I'm in shorts. What's the problem? Vori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet@ri.com slash SmartLess. That's vu OR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. Was there any other thing that you ever contemplated doing when you were a little girl? I love animals and children. So yeah, there's, I think, two Groups I love to work with. I think I would've gone into some form of like, psychology for, with and working with children. Wow. There's, there's something about just understanding children. Yeah. And, and really looking at them for who they are and not overestimating them or underestimating them. That, that is, You know, it's, it's always, it will always be my goal is to sort of go, Oh my God, where are you?


Who are you, what are you? And how can I reach you? You know, it doesn't mean I'm the best mom, but I wake up every day and that's like, that's the, the, the the only role that I wanna pursue every day. You know? How old are you guys? They're going, they're nine, nine and seven. Wow. Nine, nine and seven. Okay. Nine, nine and seven. Yeah. So, so now that you're a parent, is, is there anything that you recognize as being a very sort of American way of parenting as opposed to how you were raised and, and, and what you experienced? Oh God. I love the American way of parenting when it's, You know, in, in the, in the sense of this, there's this curiosity to always evolve and figure out better ways of communication with children.


I love Yeah. Love. Yeah. That's cool. That, and, and, and You know, this quest to, to verbally just, You know, create freedom where children can communicate their emotions and their feelings early and earlier. I love that about American ways of parenting and the Latino ways of parenting. I love 'cause it's all, it's all heart. It's, it's very much heart. So the child is allowed to be dramatic and excessively dramatic. Like it's just Yeah. Yeah. You know, we, we talk about death, we normalize death and we don't, we don't sterilize it. We, we, it's passion. There's a lot of passion and fire in the way that we raise children, Latinos.


But things that I can live without is this. You respect your superiors. You don't, you don't question things. You just, I love that my kids question everything. What's the Italian way to raise? Oh my God. It's, it's just gelato every day. Yeah, yeah. Gelato every day. And, And you, You know, sounds like a dream. You know, it's a culture that's very, You know, it's very, it's, I mean, Latinos and Italians are very similar. They're just affectionate. The fathers are very affectionate with their children. And I love that. Do you spend a lot of time over there in Europe with your kids? Do you guys come Over there? We do. We do. Yeah. You Do? Yeah. And, and Marco, I think it's so cool. Marco's your husband Marco took your last name. He did. Come on. That's so, that's so cool.


That's great. Wait, walk me through that conversation That came from him. I, we get married, I had no intentions of changing my name and, but we never discussed it. It was just, I was, I I just had it there. I'm like, in case the conversation comes up, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let him down slowly that I'm going to remain Zoe Nia. And maybe throughout the years if we earn it, then maybe I can take a Pergo somewhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he was immediately, he's like, I'm gonna be Marco Pergo Alna. Wow. And are you sure? You should probably just do it, You know, in our personal lives. But keep your professional name, You know, as who you are.


Society sometimes doesn't really understand. He goes, I don't give a shit. Yeah. Like, I'm proud of your name. I I love your father's name. You know, it's what what Was the impetus for that though, for him, do you think? For him it was, I mean, I get emotional. My father died when I was nine and I've never, I mean, I have a, I have a wonderful stepdad that's been in our life since I was 13. And, and he's my dad, You know, but my, my, my biological father, that bond, that connection to your blood was lost, abruptly lost very early on. So it's not something you ever heal from, it's just you learn to manage that pain of, of loss. Right. Right, right, right. And when we, when we fell in love and we got married, he knows how strong of a presence my father still is in my life.


'cause as Latinos, we keep, we live with our dead. We live with them. We actively talk about them as if they're here. You know. Did your family or your mom, like back then, like suggest therapy? Like for for a young, a young child like yourself to go through such We did it. Yeah. Or the things, or did they, or did you get through it as a family and was like, no, we don't believe in that. We're gonna get through this together? No, no, no. It was a combination of both. 'cause Yeah. That's good. We were smart. You know, we, we we're still living in the states when he passed away. And, and, and, You know, when back in the eighties, public schools in New York were incredible. Yeah. They were just incredible. So immediately, as soon as we came back from the funeral, they bombarded us with just love and support.


And for my mom as well. They, You know, they, my mom, You know, had places to go to and sort of cope with this and, and, You know, gain new tools on how to be like this single parent moving forward. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then when we went back to Dominican Republic, then that was when we moved there, then to live. Then it was very much like, no, we stick together. God will always find his way. So that had his that had its good things and also bad things, You know. Yeah. And, and, and my mom did feel very isolated at times when it came to just trying to talk to a professional. But the love and support was always abundant in our family, You know. Oh, that's great.


That's great. And, and wait, if you don't mind. No. How did you meet your husband? I think he didn't he hit on you on the plane once or something? Yeah. And then you turned him down. Yeah. On the plane. How did he find you after the Well, he just, he's very Italian and, And I, And I, You know, I'm, I love the Italian culture, but I'm also like, I'm keeping it at bay. You know what I mean? Like, it, it's very, it's a very romantic and seductive culture. So he meets you and he's this like pirate looking, probably the most handsomest man I'll ever meet in my life. And, and, And I met him on a plane, but we knew each other. We knew of each other through mutual friends. And it was always like, oh, there's that guy. There's that really handsome hot motherfucking guy that I should always stay away from because he looks at you and he just has that suave look and everything.


And when he talks to you, he had that little bitch, You know, they, they kind of hide their real manly voice. And I'm like, why are you such a high pitch talking voice when you talk to me and I'm a New Yorker? I'm very much like, come on man, talk to me. Yeah, yeah. And, but he's gentle. My husband is a very gentle man, You know? That's so great. And you, And you teach, you teach your kids Spanish and Italian at home or, I mean, we don't necessarily teach it. We just are They catch up on it. Yeah. Yeah. That's how we, that we, we slip in and out of all these languages. That's so cool. And, and it's funny 'cause I grew up as like a daughter of immigrants where you, you live a double life. You feel like you're like double oh seven, where in your house you're like, and you're very Latina.


And the moment you step out, you kinda go, Hey, what's up? How you doing? Like, you learn To, to code Switch right now. Yeah, yeah. And because it's, they're, they're so hard on you. Like you don't forget your culture. You don't forget where you come from. And it was very much like that. And I appreciate that today. Right. So one, and then I'm marry an immigrant who's very much about, I'm Italian. Italian forever. We're Italians. We, and, and so when the boys were little, they spoke only Italian and Spanish. But as soon as they start going to school And I start dialoguing with them, I go into what feels very, yeah. You know, I'm, I'm, And they pick up on it And we became very English oriented in the way that we bond. And then that's when my husband's family, 'cause our folks live here in the states and, and my parents also live in California.


They were just like, you need to talk to them. And I had to kind of have an intervention. I'm like, y'all need to chill. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You guys all chose to come here. We're all here. They are American as well as they are, this and this. So share, like, we're gonna, I'm gonna allow you guys to share who we are inherently, but they, they don't force them. Yeah. Yeah. Because we're, we're eating in Italian, in Spanish. We are dancing it, we are communicating it. That's already enough. It's go, it's going to be there, but don't force it to them. 'cause then they're going to reject it. Like, I tried to reject it when I was little and they kind of like, it was a nice intervention.


'cause even my husband, I had to sit 'em down. I'm like, you need to like, You know, just lay off the gas a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And now they understand it fluently. They'll speak it with their grandparents. But with me, they speak mainly English. I do speak to them in Spanish a lot when we're in public, when I don't want people to know what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and then my husband does the same. Yeah. Yeah. So, wait, I wanna get back to career stuff because I'm a obviously a massive fan. That's why you're here. Shoot. I love it. But Lioness, who's season two that we'll talk about that in a second. I hear that too. Mia Perez. We're gonna watch Tonight. Center Stage. I, I loved, ah, I know it was 2000 so long ago And I loved that movie. And then after that you did Crossroads with Britney Spears at such a young age when Britney was huge.


Huge. Were you like, oh, Oh my God, I'm in a movie with Britney Spears. I mean, what year was that? That was like 2002 That we started shooting right after. No, but pardon me. We, we shot, we started shooting early 2001. One. Okay. Yeah. It was before nine 11. I remember that. And because you auditioned a lot when you came back from the Dominican Re Dominican Republic and you were still so young. When you're auditioning, do you have any crazy audition stories I, well, did You have to do one for, for the Britney Spears sing? Did did you have to read with her? I did, yes. I auditioned, I mean, I auditioned for Elia Paris too. So it's, it's, I mean, it was, but it's more like an interview, like you just do a conversation. Yeah. I auditioned a lot.


Yeah. I, I remember I auditioned for a film that you, you were doing Jason. Oh. Years ago. I Had nothing to Do with it. No, no. It's okay. What was the one that you did about the funeral? The, the pa You know. Oh, oh, this is where I leave you. Yes. Yeah. Yes. But I, but I bombed that. I, I was so bad. I was so bad at that audition. Isn't it terrible? Right. You can, you can practice as much as you want, but at home, and then you get in that room and the nerves take over. Yeah. And your inability to do what you planned on is just, Ugh. It's awful. It's so frustrating. It's awful. I, I hated that process. I, I, I really did. Yeah. Because it really fed into my anxiety Yeah. In a way that wasn't healthy.


It just, You know, competition and, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And, You know, fighting for, for to prove who you are is, is so hard. I do remember that if it wasn't for just warm people, amazing casting directors, like New York has amazing casting directors that were just human beings, You know? Yeah. They were nice and gentle and, And I loved walking in and feeling like they were rooting for me. Right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. When, whenever I put, I would put myself on tape. 'cause remember, it was like, you have to put yourself on tape when you live in New York. That that's, that's what you gotta do. And if it wasn't for the fact that people were nice, I would've never booked parts. It's when people are super cold and they were so despondent, And I would, I would tam Freeze up all of those Locations.


Doesn't help. It doesn't help. And then you did. But by the way, I mean, we could spend two hours Pirates of the Caribbean, the terminal with, with fan Hank Star Trek, Marvel with Guardians of the Galaxy. But I have to say, my husband, Scotty, he's a massive, massive, massive Star Trek fan. I'm more of a Star Wars. But because of your films, this is The only thing they fight about. Yeah. But, but because of your films and JJ and everybody involved, I was Blown Away by You and those films, they're so well made And you completely gripping and suck you in, and in the best way, it Could be another one Do Soon. Right. Another Star, star Star Trek movie. They're talking about it. And I, it would, it would be nice.


It would be nice for us to, to come back and sort of do a proper sendoff to the next generation. Look, I, I, I don't, honestly, I wish I had like a formula. I feel like the only thing that I, that I, that I kept doing was saying Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's interesting. You Know, was just like, if, if I was shooting Avatar, and all of a sudden my agents at the time were calling me, it's like, well, JJ Abrams really wants to meet you for a who he's, he's gonna shoot this next Star Trek. I was like, who? What? I wasn't a Star Trek fan. My mom was. Yeah. And I was like, well, you had me a jj I know. And I'm like, but I'm working. And, and, and he is like, well, I think he's gonna come to set.


I think he, I'm like, oh, okay. 'cause I would, I would, I would go to the set of Avatar, and every day he is like, oh, there's Roberts and Meccas, or Steven Spielberg. Right. There's George Lucas, there's, yeah. It's crazy. You know, they were always there. And, and Jim was giving him the whole walkthrough. So it was very normal for us to see these amazing filmmakers. And when, You know, Jim walks on, walks, walks to set, one day goes, I have a surprise for you, and I think you're gonna owe me for this one. And I was like, what is he talking about? And JJ was there, And JJ was like, hi, Zoe. And, and Jim like, lets him, You know, touch the camera and do the whole tour. And then, and then JJs like, well, are you, I I, I definitely wanna meet you for, for who? For Star Trek. And then, You know, JJ left, and, and Jim just comes over and goes, you're welcome.


And I'm like, for what? I, I wasn't really tapping into. And then I get the call like, can you please play a who? I was like, abs the fucking, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Are you kidding me? Mm. Let me think about it. Yeah. And then, yes. And then after that, it was just, and then after that, James Gunn comes over and, You know, years later and goes, can you play Ga more? I'm like, okay. Yeah, of course. And I said, yes, because I wanted to experience prosthetics. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Makeup, like, waking up at three o'clock in the morning and going through the whole nutty professor transformation. Like Yeah. Yeah. I was like, I wanna do that. Yeah. And then a month in, I was like, I hate this Thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Two, three hours sitting in the chair, not doing anything. Yeah. Being, eating through a straw.


Yeah. Oh yeah. What About the, the series, the Star Trek series where those, those people have to be in that every single day for every day. Nine, 10 months a year? I wouldn't be able to Do it. It never, doesn't make me laugh though. The idea of a, of a guy, of an actor and a clinging on all the clinging on makeup, walking through craft service, that always will make me laugh. Just like getting fried chicken. And like, You know, you think everything To put it in a blender, right? Through a straw. Yeah. Napkin. Like, collar, napkin. Always to nugget makeup on their outfits. Yeah. Wait, so all of the travels and all the places you've worked in the world, I wanna ask where you would choose to live if you had to pick a place either fictional or nonfictional Paris.


Mm. Oh really? Yeah. Yes. You love Paris? I Love Paris. Why? I love art. I love the fact that people are always outside. Yeah. I love, I love to walk. Yeah. As a New Yorker, I just, I love to walk down the streets of ancient, ancient, You know, history and, And I love eating and drinking wine. So it's just, it's really romantic. And look at you. And there's something really nice about Paris, but also like, when you go to Italy, 'cause my second favorite place is Italy, and then it's the Caribbean. I, because I'm from the Caribbean, I love the beach, I love the water. But there's just something very free about Europe that in the summers you see people in love living in love in public, The Universal Language, You know?


You know, and, and you'll see these younger couples, like on the Vespa making out while you're like, You know, taking your kid for a walk. Yeah. But then the same couple, you come back and they're in the same Vespa and she's slapping the crap out of him. No, but like zy. And, and, and then all of a sudden he grabs her and shakes her and he kisses her. Yeah. And you are like, fuck. That's so romantic and dramatic. Yes. Jason And I are gonna do that later tonight. Oh Yeah. We're, yeah. Which one do you want to be? You wanna be shaken or the shaker? Both. Both. Two Turns. Well, listen, I can talk to you for 19 hours. We've taken up way too much of your time.


Thank me Too. You guys, thank you for this conversation. I've been, thank you. Thank You so much. I can't wait to see the movie and lioness it. We didn't even talk about Lioness, but Nicole, you and Nicole Kidman loved the show. I love her. It's second se. Oh my God. Of course. You're getting a second season, so I can't wait. But, but thank you for being here. Gigantic fan. Yeah. Thank you guys very much. Thank you for this conversation. Anytime I'll come back. Okay. Please Do, do. Thanks so much. Love you. All right. Enjoy the rest of your day. Bye. You too. Bye bye. Sweet. Oh, Shawnee. Yeah. I love her. Awesome. I won talk forever. She's, and she's like, You know how, how many people can say, I know we already said in the show the biggest that, I mean the three, there's no other, there's no other actor that was in the top three.


Yeah. Show movies of all time. No, there's no other actor there. Isn't that wild? There's very few. Yeah. It's very wild. I mean, a Stunning accomplishment. What, You know, what I was thinking about during it is that she's been in all those big, right? And then on the other, I was in Brother Solomon. And if you think about the Gap, yeah. It's a between those. Lot of daylight in Between. Yeah. There's a lot of daylight. It's all daylight. Let's be honest. But I Didn't even get to the terminal. Remember she was in the terminal with Tom Hanks Terminal. Yes. Anyway, She was great. Yeah, I really like her a lot, And I want to hang out with her. Sure. Anyway. And To your point, Sean, I mean, it's a such an accomplishment, You know, To my point, Well, welcome in Velco.


Maybe they mean Velco, Koman, VELCO. And By the way, if they were German, then I, then I'm gonna take it. Obviously, I, They're close to the candles. Okay. You know what I mean? Anyway, she's wonderful. She's Amazing. She's amazing. She's one of a kind. She Is one of a kind. She, she's so, she's so rare. I would DI would dare to say Uhoh. Do it. Be brave. Don't. You can feel it. This is where it's embarrassing. Where you can feel it is that she's so, You know, people who have been in so many huge films like that, they're not every day. In fact, they're pretty hard to come by.


Edu. Smart, smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob Arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal. Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA A where you get 30 US blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this. Another information, Read carefully. DIA is subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All ATS are subject to risk, including possible loss of principle. Alps Distributors, Inc. Distributor.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. The holiday season is, as they say, the most wonderful time of the year. It can be filled with joy and happiness, but It can also be the most stressful time of the year. Scheduling conflicts, added expenses, family dynamics and drama can all take a toll. So it's important to slow down and not lose sight of your mental wellbeing. Therapy is a great way to do just that, not only during this stressful time of the year, but all year long. And BetterHelp online therapy is a great way to get into therapy. BetterHelp is designed to be convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a credentialed therapist that fits your needs and preferences. Once matched, you can connect via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So this holiday season, give yourself a gift you can appreciate all year round. I mean, seriously this season, right? I mean, as I said earlier, you got the family coming in and the scheduling and the weather delays, and then, oh, somebody burnt the Turkey. And I said like, you gotta have yourself a nice big surplus of patience and compromise. Well established. So how you gonna do that? You're gonna maybe call up BetterHelp and get yourself all cleaned out and ready to go so you can handle everything coming your way over the next few weeks. All right? Makes sense, doesn't it? Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.