
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know, I told you I was not gonna let the attempted assassination of President Trump, who guy shot him could've blown his head off on live television. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not letting that story go away. It's not going anywhere. But I'm not gonna keep firing at you. The same stuff every day either. And oh boy, do we have some stuff for you today? So, lemme just give you a quick background before I get started. I have been conducting an investigation myself, along with a number of other people. And with the help of numerous whistleblowers and other folks not in the Secret Service, I've come to some interesting conclusions about what happened that day and some of this, and some of the connections may be new.


Folks, we got a lot to cover today. That new Nancy Pelosi, January 6th video. Jack Smith, Jack Smith Tyrant, Jack Smith. It's just a ton of info. Stay tuned. Big loaded show. Text your friends. Tell 'em to join right now.


Beams Labor Day Sale is here. It's ever been a better time to finally try Beams Dream Powder, get some sleep, find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


I've got that. Also an update on one of the most important President Trump videos you'll ever see. It explains the entire blob Deep State War against him. It'll all make sense.


Hey, using the internet without express VPNs like leaving your keys in the car while you run into the gas station for a snack. Most of the time you're probably okay, but what if you come out, someone's driving off of your car, listen, working on the internet, it's the same way every time you connect to an unencrypted network. Did you know this? Any hacker on the same network can gain access to your personal data express. VPN. They create a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So hackers can't steal your sensitive data and take a hacker with a supercomputer a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption. All you have to do is fire up the app like I do. Click a button. There's my phone right there. See me, you know, pressing that thing. And you're protected. It works on all the devices you can on in your house. You can stay secure. And the go your phone, your computer, your router, we use 'em everywhere 'cause it's none of the government's business. What I'm doing online. I don't trust them. You shouldn't either secure your online data today at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get an extra three months free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Privacy is your right, not a privilege. Take it. ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


All right, fellas, let's go. Everybody ready? Saddle up. Buckle up your seat belts. I've got some information for you. Media people. Get your pens out as the great Rush Limbaugh, the inimitable Rush Limbaugh used to say, let your show prep begin. So the first thing I wanna throw out there is not necessarily new, but I've been working on this for a long time, and a number of people have reached out to me about this. Ladies and gentlemen, the United States Secret Service is gonna have a big problem with the current narrative about Donald Trump, which is, you know, we didn't really deny security assets in Butler County, Pennsylvania, but we may have denied just a couple things to President Trump in the past.


Media folks, get the pen out. That is absolute bullshit, ladies and gentlemen. I can't tell you how I know this, but the Secret Service is a big problem. Now, the big problem they have is that the Secret Service isn't the only one who knows about the multiple repeated requests for security. Now, this is something I've been working on for a long time, and some of the people we've been working with are not necessarily even inside the entity themselves. But, I, gotta be careful here. I'm just telling you this.


If you were concerned about a January 6th type thing where they delete the texts and emails, remember that story about the pipe bomb? Long story short, secret Service supposedly misses this pipe bomb. Kamala Harris, the DNC, the texts and emails magically disappeared. The Secret Service, oh, we don't have 'em. We did a tech transfer. It's gonna be almost impossible this time to do the same thing. Nothing's impossible. I said almost, but it's gonna be really hard. There is a documented, very long, very detailed paper trail of numerous people requesting pretty significant security enhancements to President Trump that were what denied people in the Secret Service.


What did they do? If you're listening on audio, gee, what am I doing right now? The middle, we are using the mannequin doll hand, middle finger. That is what managers at the Secret Service told the Donald Trump detail, despite numerous people saying, president Trump is likely to get hurt or maybe worse if you do not give us these security assets. Counter assault teams, technology enhancements, CSU, other things I can't talk about. And Secret Service Headquarters, yes, including acting director. Now, Ron Rowe, who was part of it, were like, I don't think so.


Double barrel, middle finger. Now again, media folks out there, not the good ones, the Susan Crabtree and others out there, but the leftist media hacks who choose to ignore the guy who beats you by what fellas? Three years on this story. You can ignore this all you want. Be like who, where he, it doesn't matter. I'm never gonna tell you who my multiple sources from multiple entities are, because I don't do that. I'm gonna tell you, I've been right about everything and you've been wrong, folks. There's a paper trail you'll figure out later what I'm talking about and is a digital and paper trail that cannot easily be deleted. Here's a second piece of information that you probably haven't heard yet.


Remember the story I told you about a year ago that Secret Service agents and multiple security personnel told Secret Service headquarters folks, we cannot secure Mar-a-Lago like this. This is our Protectee. We are obligated to protect him. We need this. And what did they say? They said, we don't. Managers told them we don't secure social clubs. Really? What if a social club owners decides to run for president? You're gonna give him the middle finger. We don't secure it. Is that really in 18 UUSC 30 56, the part of the United States Code that obligates the secret service to protect former presidents and presidents?


Does it say asterisk? Have you guys ever read it? you know, Jim, do me a favor. Look that up. Is there an asterisk in there? Says not nightclub social club owners. If it says that, let me know. I I never, I never read that. I never, I've never seen that in 18 USC 30 56. Never seen it. So they told them no. But later, because the Secret Service chooses to constantly be a reactive agency and not a proactive agency. Which guys chat folks, help me out here. Okay, the groin crew and everyone else, if you are in the security business, especially Ep executive protection, trying to keep someone alive.


Justin, let me throw this outta you. You think it's a better idea to be proactive and prevent a threat or let a threat attack your guy and then react afterwards? What do you think? Probably not good. He's gonna say, Justin's very see this. College education's working well for him. He says it's probably better be proactive and do things beforehand so people don't get attacked. I'm telling you, that's not the way the Secret Service thinks. The management, not the guys in the field, guys I work with were great. They wait for something to happen and then they do something. I want you to look back at this story here. This is very, very important. Very important. A lot of people in the media missed this.


Something happened in 2023. Put up that CBS 12 news piece. This article's important. Man wants to talk to Trump, was arrested for trespassing at Mar-a-Lago. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not even gonna tell you how bad this situation really was, but let me just tell you, it was bad. The intrusion part, not necessarily the threat. You may be saying, well, Dan, aren't they the same thing? No, they're not. If someone intrudes into your house and is drunk and thought it was his girlfriend's house and says, I'm sorry I leave the intrusion's really bad, but it wasn't really a threat.


Correct? May have been disturbing, but it wasn't a threat. However, if someone barely gets into your house is kicking in the door and has an accent, it's ready to kill you. They may not have intruded totally, but it was a threat. The intrusion portion of this was bad. Like, bad, bad. So of course, people in Secret Service headquarters, diapers were full. Why do you think diapers were full in January of 2023 when there was an intrusion at Mar-a-Lago, some of you are picking up on this. What do you guys think? Maybe because multiple people asked repeatedly in a detailed paper and digital trail for more assets to protect against the very specific way.


This guy got into Mar-a-Lago, and people at headquarters were like, we don't secure social clubs. There it is. Thank you I didn. I didn't even know you guys can pose 18 USC 30 56. Can you scroll down? I I searched for it. Yeah, there's, so you put search for nightclub social club and there is nothing in there, correct? Nothing. Okay, thank you. So there is, there is no exception for that. It's good to know. Thank you, Jess. I, I didn't know I, I worked in the Secret Service. I thought I may have missed it or something like that. Folks, a lot of folks missed this story. This is, again, another example. You better start writing about this now and asking questions.


Did that have anything to do with later security enhancements that happened at Mar-a-Lago, only after you had egg on your face and realized that the security enhancements you denied before were some of the ways this guy got into Mar-a-Lago. And then you were like, oh, shit, we better do it now. There's a paper trail, folks, this is all gonna come out. Mark the date. Wait, wait. Flags in the chat. Flags in the chat, flags in the chat right now. Wanna see 'em? Get 'em up. There we go. Thank you on the show. Flag it. Flag the time, flag the day when this all comes out, you'll thank me.


I've only been telling you this story for years. Of course, the mainstream media won't write about it because it's the Dan, Bongino, Show And. we constantly beat the mainstream media. Thank you folks in the chat. Love you. But this is why we are the biggest live stream in the United States. And, we beat everyone. MSNB, CCNN, Fox, everyone, every single day. Everyone, because you guys are six months ahead of the news cycle every single time. Spygate, collusion, the secret service story, Ukraine, all of it. This story's huge. And someone should maybe ask Ron Rowe, the acting director, Hey, did that intrusion of Mar-a-Lago in January, 2023, it's public record.


It's not hard. If I've been conducting this investigation By the way for a very long time, did that have anything to do with security enhancements? And someone should ask this critical question. When you ready media folks, get ready, folks in the chat. Can we get an emoji pen? Emoji pen? The pen means, this means media. People get your pens out. Time to take notes. Folks, I hate to have to teach these people how to do their freaking jobs, but I'll tell you as you guys aren't smart, except for Susan and other good people, Julie, Darren, others, we get that. You should probably ask Ron Rowe, Hey, there was an intrusion at Mar-a-Lago, January of 2023. Were there security requests for enhancements to the security terrain features around Mar-a-Lago to secure them made before that?


And how quickly were they approved after that? Someone should ask that question. Someone should ask that question. You got your pens, media people, you got your taking notes. No, you guys can't figure this stuff out on your own's kind of a big deal, right? Because it would prove the point that Ron Rowe, the acting director, is kind of not telling the truth right now. And you would also probably find out that the acting director, Ron Rowe and others were part of the plot to withhold security assets from Donald Trump. And when I'm starting to believe increasingly were political decisions, you ready for more?


Want some more? I'll give you some more. Let's just say another friend reached out last night. Another friend reached out and said, I'm disgusted by the Secret Service and what they did. Now let's just say it's a friend who knows. And he said, lemme tell you something. When I went through training in the United States Secret Service, I guess someone of his, one of his classmates asked the question, you remember David Duke, the Ku Klux Klan guy, KU Klux Klan guy? Well, he was gonna run for president. Or did at one point someone in the class asked, well, we protect, we have to protect him too. And the instructor in the class accurately so said, it's not our business.


They're politics. However awful they are. It's our business to keep 'em alive. And that's it. That's all gone. Now, folks, I'm gonna tell you, I I'm with, with almost certainty at this point, near certainty that some of the decisions made around President Trump's security were mo were were obviously political. They were either political or just, you can write 'em off to mass stupidity and the people in charge. Ron row's not stupid. I've known him a long time. He's not dumb. He's actually a very smart guy. But I have zero doubt. Some of these decisions were, were political. And that is the most disturbing thing I've told you so far about this.


I don't think they wanted to give President Trump. I think they wanted to starve him. They wanted to make him produce more money for private enhancements in his own, his own security. Something By the way they never did with the Clintons. When I was up in, up at their house in, in Westchester County, I think they wanted to starve him of money and didn't wanna make 'em look presidential. They didn't want an enhanced motorcade. And they just said, well, that's the way we've always done it with former presidents. Even though this guy was different, he was gonna run again. His threat level was through the roof and he was still incredibly popular and his threat level was through the roof. 'cause the Iranians wanted to kill him, and they ignored all of it. They ignored all of it.


So it's either one of two things. They were really stupid in headquarters, which I don't believe, 'cause I know them personally, or these decisions were made based on politics. There's no other reason either. You don't know how to do security and secure high threat level protectees, which Donald Trump was you didn't know or you did know and you didn't care. There is no option CI wanna tell you one other thing I've been working on for a while that came out through various sources. And, I don't like saying anything. you know, the Bonino rule for me matters. My rule is I'd rather be last and right than first and wrong folks. It appears when you see that, and this is By the way, let me just state in advance anyone who he's even gonna dare act like this is me excusing What happened that day?


You, you don't know why. Get off the show now. You're a moron. That is absolutely not what I'm saying. I've demanded, I I'm the one who's not letting this thing go ever and has demanded accountability from day one. I'm simply giving you a series of facts. The opinions you draw from said facts are your business. Okay? It appears the confusion about where this gunman was, he should not have been on the roof, should not have been in the site, should not have been missed, should not have been there, should not have been allowed near the mag, should not have been allowed near the roof. Sh should have been secured. All of that stands. But some of the confusion as to where he was, was based on someone who put out a clock position that was wrong.


I've heard this from a couple of different people who knew people who, and now it's a big deal. It's also a major, major, major F up. I'm looking at you at 12 o'clock, right? If I'm looking at you at 12, what's this direction? Anyone know? Three. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not trying to be a smart ass 3, 9, 6. That's why I say watch your six. Someone puts out whatever, nine o'clock. What are you gonna do? Doesn't absolve. And I'm just giving you things you likely do not know and have not heard.


There's a lot of blame to go around. Fine. And they're must. There must be accountability and a serious criminal investigation based on the negligence. But I promise you these are things that are not out there. And my investigation will go on. I got more in this Secret Service thing coming up here in a second, including some clips from Senator Ron Johnson, who's been all over this And I, wanna applaud him. He has been on this thing like white on Rice Senator from Wisconsin. And he's as concerned with I am about a different angle of the story, which is, who the hell was this shooter working with? Why is everyone so eager to make this thing go away?


Conservative media are the only people talking about this. I'm not letting it go away.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but there's hope on the horizon. And it comes in the form of beams. Dream powder. This stuff has been a game changer for me. Seeing we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way today. My listeners, that's you. You get a special discount on Beam's Dream powder. There's science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. It tastes amazing. You're gonna love it. Other sleep aids can cause that Next day grogginess not dream. It has a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refresh. Look those ingredients up. They're very potent. You wanna try Beam's? Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% for a limited time when you go to shop Beam, BEAM, shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Get a good night's sleep, check him out. Our good friends at Beam man, 144,000 already. We barely hit our first break there. Nice. Love you guys so much. I'd give you the pound over the heart, but my elbows don't work, so it's not worth it, folks. I'm sorry.


But. I. Don't believe this guy was acting alone. I don't. And it's based on a body of facts and data that indicate that this guy did not have the requisite skill level to pull off what he pulled off without some form of assistance. Could he have acted alone? He could have. I'm not precluding that possibility either. Again, don don't wanna be first to be wrong. I'd rather be the last to be right. Okay. However, when you look at the, I mean, think about it, right? This is only one of the most significant political attacks and assaults on our democracy, genuinely in modern American history. We're not even two months out. And the media's acting like, oh yeah, it's just business as usual.


Let's go on. And I'm not really concerned what this kid was up to. Is it possible this guy was honey trapped by an enemy of the United States, possibly Iran or someone else? He looked like a young kind of loner type, the exact type of people they target. Are they gonna do a press conference ever again, Ron Rowe, the FBI. Do we get to ask these questions? No. Here's Senator Ron Johnson and he said he's asking a real good que a a great question. And. I. Good question. What the hell's the rush here to disappear? All the evidence, washing the roof, burning the guy's body. Does this make any sense? If anything, it invites people to engage in theorizing about what happened. And to be confused, watch this.


How was it that within like a day they said the guy was acting alone, crooks was acting alone. They didn't do an investigation at that point. Yeah, I I have no idea. I mean, I don't know who those five individuals are that were placed on administrative leave of special, what positions they held, why they were placed on leave. And again, it's, it's, it's baffling to me, for example, that they released the body for cremation. Yes. Before we've seen any autopsy reports, any toxicology reports. Again, you just can't explain these things. Senator, what would the body tell you? I mean, would there be tattoos? Would there be, what? What would you look for in a body? I mean, why cremate it so quickly?


Well, first of all, again, acting director ro didn't tell the public that it was actually a local law enforcement individual who took the first shot. Was, was crooks hit twice And? we don't know. I mean the toxicology reports, I mean, was he being administered certain types of drugs like SSRIs? Do they want to cover that up? I mean, there are reports that he had encrypted accounts in different countries around the world. Yep. We still don't know what they Say. What was that about? That's, that's not normal behavior. Yeah. So again, I I agree with you. The FBI immediately said, you know, one guy acting alone I crazy. On what basis have they made that call? Yeah. What basis have they made that call?


Folks, you understand the FBI has been spying on us for a long time, right? They can deny it all They want that Pfizer a thing that you And, I fought against and are still fighting against the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act where it's not, not no normal, sane, rational actor can question the fact that there is a backdoor in that to spy on Americans. What I'm getting at is they likely have this guy's metadata, emails, texts and everything. If he's acting alone, then just put the information out there and show us. listen to me. I have not iced out the idea that he was acting alone. It's possible. Correct?


It's one of five, six different scenarios. If that's the case, show us. Nobody trusts you. Show us the evidence instead again, put the New York Post article up. I was sitting there with Ben Schafer when I was on the congressional panel. Great guy Counter Sniper Washington Regional swat. He was at the scene that day. One of the congressmen asked him on the panel, Hey, do you find it concerning as a law enforcement officer that they quickly scrubbed the roof down Thomas Crook's body was disposed of before the official autopsy report could even be released. Like, do you find and here we go.


He was like, yeah, you're damn right. I absolutely find it concerning and so do I encrypted overseas accounts. The family has this high powered attorney. I mean, they have the folks, let me just be absolutely clear. They have the constitutional Big r god-given right to an attorney. That doesn't mean they did anything wrong. I'm just saying like, if the information out there is that he acted alone, you know, no problem. Case is closed, then why is no one telling us why the case should be closed? And how they drew the conclusion that he acted alone. Nobody finds this weird, you know what, before I put this tweet up, can you play the other Ron Johnson clip too?


Ron Johnson saying, here's what an additional thing that makes me believe this is Ron Johnson with Maria Bartiromo an additional clip that makes me believe they're hiding information. Why would you stonewall the investigation? Folks, can you get seriously in the chat if it just for a a second, I'm asking you to put your investigator hat on. Assume he did work alone. Everything's done investigation's over this horrible thing happened. Let's fix it. Why can you gimme one single sound reason why you wouldn't do a press conference? Put out a bunch of charts and data and a PowerPoint and say, we wanna clear this up with the American people.


We don't want any conspiracy theories. Why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you? They're doing the exact opposite. They're not telling congressional investigators in the senate anything of significance here? Listen to this. Well, I'm part, part of the Senate bipartisans an investigation. It's led by the chairman of the committee and the subcommittee, all I can really tell you is the secret service of Fed, you know, FBI are basically dragging their feet. They're still walling us. you know, we've gotten some transcribed interviews, but the documents we request are, are heavily redacted. They're delivered, you know, the day of the investi or the interview So. we really can't use the documents to conduct the interviews effectively. So we're, we're, we're not getting squat from my standpoint, from the, you know, secret service or, or the FBI, we've requested all their, their three oh twos, their, their transcriptions of their interviews with the hundreds of individuals.


They're not turning those over to us as well. So Marie, if, if you were de if you wanted a design investigation to raise suspicions and drive conspiracy theories, this is exactly how you'd do that investigation. I mean I was, you know, I was just jaw dropping that they release the body for cremation before anybody seen any autopsy or toxicology reports. Again, that's, again, it's just driving suspicion and conspiracy theories. Folks, I'm telling you, as an investigator who worked a couple pretty high profile investigations, what you do is you get out and if there's any questions, you answer them. Why would you be presenting heavily redacted material to oversight members of Congress and the Senate when you can take them in the skiff and explain to the representatives of the people, we do not live in a direct democracy.


We live in a republic, a form of a representative democracy. Ron Johnson is our representative. Yes he is from the state of Wisconsin. However, he takes very important votes on issues that affect all of us. Why wouldn't the Secret service in the FBI say, Senator, we deeply appreciate your concerns. We're gonna meet you in the skiff on such and such a day. If you have time, we're sensitive Compartmented information facility And. we are going to tell you what happens and we're gonna trust you with this information so at least we can clear up for you. Who can diplomatically explain to the constituents why we can't tell them everything right now? Why wouldn't they do that folks?


The answer Occam's razor is 'cause somebody's hiding something. This isn't hard. Producer Jim, text me the answer to this. Why do you think the FBI and Secret Service are hiding something? Do you have the answer, Jim? This is not a trick question. Waiting. Okay, here it is. Let's see if you got the answer folks. Because they wanna, yes, because they wanna to thank you producer Jim. Why are they hiding information? Because they want to do not overthink these things.


And Ron Johnson is right. You wanna foster a bunch of conspiracy theories. This is exactly how I would do it. I would not do it any other way. I would wash the roof off, I would get rid of him, dispose of the body. I would make sure that we leak out that he had encrypted accounts overseas, but never mentioned any reason why stir up the entire pod. That's what I would do. I'd make sure some high powered attorneys were involved. That's exactly what I would do. And I wouldn't say anything to anyone in Winky. Winkie. Nod. Nod folks, the story gets even worse. And I'm gonna apply. Let me read this tweet and then I'll, I'll I'll contextualize it for you after our last break. Abigail Jackson put this out breaking.


This is from the other day. Just to be clear, whistleblower tells Josh Hawley, Senator from Missouri at the Secret Service agents working the Butler Rally were told not to request additional manpower resources. And were warned any such request would be denied. This By the way directly contradicts Ron Rose's testimony where he said otherwise, oh no, we didn't deny assets. I'm gonna contextualize this for a for a minute and I'm gonna show you how Ron Rowe and the Secret Service Management are playing games right now and how it ties into the CBS story and elsewhere. Don't go anywhere. Last break of the show and then we're gonna, we got some more just absolute bombshell stories after this time to be awake, not woke.


Folks, why am I showing you my mug? Not because I'm selling mugs. I'm not selling. I'm I I Blackout Coffee. That's what's in there. I love Blackout Coffee. I like the polyphenols too. you know, polyphenols got really, really good for you. I love Blackout Coffee 'cause it tastes good. I like to cinnamon French toast. Paula loves the blueberry crumble. I'm gonna tell you something though. There's a constant fight in my house. It's vicious. There's been a near divorce over the, a near divorce over this thing about what John from Blackout decides to introduce this dark chocolate flavor. I dunno what he's doing. So the dark chocolate's amazing. So now we don't know what to do. Paula wants a blueberry crumble. I like the cinnamon french toast, but we both love the dark chocolate. No one knows what to do. There's like juujitsu involved. Nobody knows what to do. Get the Blackout Coffee today. Pick up their ready to drink too. This stuff is amazing. Skip the brew. They're ready to drink right there. Absolutely delicious. Take one with you folks. Blackout Coffee ships within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Do me a favor, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? It is the official coffee of the Bonino Army. It's the real deal. It's time to quit drinking woke corporate junk coffee every morning. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee, become a member of the Bonino Army. We love it. You're gonna love the coffee. It's great.


And our last sponsor today, you asked and my pillow listen. They're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now only 1998. No sleeping on anything else. Only my pillows. My pillows made with patented, adjustable. Fill it. Adjust to your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned and hold it shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or best towel sets only $25. The brand new mattress topper 69 point 98. They're famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. Go to mypillow.com. I'll call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code dant. Huge discounts on all MyPillow products. A great company. Give 'em our support, including their queen size MyPillow, which is only 1998. Pick one up today. It's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today. Use promo code Dan. And when you go to mypillow.com, we're call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Thanks MyPillow.


All right, back to the show. Let me explain this sweet to you here. I had mentioned this in the congressional hearing the other day, and this is the big secret service scandal. And it ties into the beginning of the show that CBS story, the Secret Service sadly have become, let me think of an analogy. They become firemen. Well, firemen are, are heroes. Typically they are But I. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about what firemen do. Firemen put out fires, okay? That's not what we are supposed to do. We're supposed to be fire suppression specialists. The Secret service is supposed to go out and, you know, get rid of brush on the ground to make sure that there aren't fires.


'cause when there are fires, people get shot in the head on live television and a guy gets murdered. Firemen are heroes in what they do, but that mission is different. That's you're responding to an emergency. The secret services job is not to respond to an emergency, it's to prevent one. Sadly, they have become entirely an emergency response team. Something happens in the air. We gotta look at the air picture. We've been telling you about the air picture. Something happens from the high ground. My gosh, we gotta look at more CS assets. Counter sniper assets. We've been telling you for counter snipe assets. Something comes in from the sea. We've been telling you about the sea, now we gotta look at water assets.


We've been telling you about the damn water assets. So what's behind this tweet and this whistleblower who is right with Josh Hawley is this, they have asked the Secret Service so many times for security enhancements on the Donald Trump detail that the answer has been no. So many times they've just been told to stop asking. Look at the letter from Hawley's office. And you'll see in this middle paragraph he mentioned specifically this, something I've told you about over and over and over. The Secret Service whistleblower, he, he's acknowledging that the lead agent for a trip submits a manpower request to the local field office. In this case, Pittsburgh says, here's what I need to secure the place. It includes a number of personnel and other assets needed to secure the event.


That then goes up the chain to what I told you, the po the Office of protective Operations for final approval. According to the whistleblower officials within this office where Ron Rowe and them were preemptively informed. The Pittsburgh Field office at the Butler rally wasn't gonna get this additional security because Trump's former president, it has nothing. Do you understand what a catastrophe this is? That him being a former president has absolutely nothing to do with his threat level. Nothing. Obama's a former president. Folks, from what I hear from my sources, his threat level isn't that high. Thankfully, thank the Lord, I'm not using his name in vain. George w Bush's, after his presidency was relatively high, there was still some threats I can't get into.


So they, they took measures. There was some in infiltrations, there was that thing that happened at his house. Donald Trump's is through the roof. So you're now telling me everybody knows, including the professionals honest detail, that they have a really serious security problem. And headquarters are saying, well, we're not gonna address the security problem because he's a former president. Then what's the point? Let him get his own security then. That's why they stopped asking. The Pittsburgh field office was probably so used to hearing no that they were like, don't even ask. They're just gonna tell you no. And what's the secret? Serviceman wasting their time on judicial watch August 23rd, 2024.


Secret service records Reveal, DEI is prioritized for all agency employees in every action every day. Ladies and gentlemen, this DEI stuff, which is racist, it is unquestionably racist. Judging people by skin color in order to give them a job or a promotion is racist by nature. Period. There is no arguing that. And when you start engaging in racist DEI type behavior, which is why the left is running from the term now, if they're so proud of it, what, when, when someone says something like, Hey Joe Biden said that he was gonna prioritize DEI, blah blah.


Why are you in such a panic if you're so proud of it? This is, listen to me, this is going to get someone else killed someone else. There's already been a murder at this site. Something else is gonna happen. And you're gonna remember the day you heard it on this show. And I Hope I'm wrong because that place is falling apart until you get leaders in there with balls that rip this DEI crap out and say, we are not going to protect the president, the vice president or significant presidential candidates with anything but the best in the country.


Former SWAT guys, former Delta guys, hardened street cops, military officers, people who have the PT and shooting and intellectual abilities to provide complicated security plans and, and complete them. We're not then, then don't do the job and don't do it. Alright folks, yesterday was a huge news day that I'm not even halfway through the show yet. So much stuff happened. Jack Smith, the, the special counsel. This guy is an absolute communist. He is indicted Donald Trump yet again.


Again, I'm voting for the outlaw. I know you are too. If there was ever evidence of just a scum out of control, authoritarian tyrant, taking power into his own hands and abuse it, I've never seen it more than Jack Smith folks. I'm not kidding. I'm starting to believe there's, there's something seriously wrong with this guy. There are, there are neurons not connecting you. He doesn't seem to get it. He, it, this guy has lost every single significant public corruption case in his wife for overreach.


The Supreme Court just smacked him in the ass again on his ridiculous theory about Trump trying to steal the election or whatever. And what does he do? He draws up a superseding indictment that I'm sorry to tell you is mostly the same stuff. Kyle Cheney, who's a lefty, but he's not wrong here, notes the biggest change appears to be the Jeff Clark co-conspirator four and Trump's efforts to talk to, you know, Andro command deer to DOJ. They've, this is why I put up these lefties to show how stupid these people are in support of his effort have been removed. So they did two things. They got rid of Jeff Clark off the case, who was one of President Trump's attorneys and his communications with the DOJ, which were unquestionably official because of the Supreme Court ruling that official acts are protected and immune.


They took that out. Here's the thing, go read the indictment. Nearly everything else in the indictment is an official act too. Now I'm gonna put this together for you folks in the chat. You asking this question, some of you may be saying, Dan, why is he doing this? It is backfiring. Trump's only gonna raise more money off it every time they indict him. He goes up in the polls. I even saw lefties yesterday, like, oh my gosh, I'm, I'm not kidding. Like when is enough enough with these idiots? Here's why. Jack Smith is a garbage person. He's human garbage. He knows he's an awful attorney and an awful person and he knows he's likely to get spanked on this thing yet again.


But he wants to drain President Trump before the election. His goal is to somehow, anyhow, pull him off the trail, cost him more money in legal and travel expenses and keep him bogged down like the awful judge merchant. Another authoritarian did in New York. And he doesn't have any other way to do it than to go through Judge Chut, the Obama appointed tyrant in Washington DC to do it. So Smith and Chut in a supposedly independent judicial system are working together to do two simple things. Prolonged lawfare to keep Trump off the trail and preoccupied and to drain him of funds. That is it, that is nothing.


There's nothing else involved. This case is garbage. Jack Smith has been pol legally smacked around so many times he doesn't care. Jack Smith, there's, there's something not right about this guy. He, he's not even like your normal authoritarian in that he's too dumb to realize that. Number one, he's probably gonna get smacked down again and look like an idiot and give Trump a big win before the election. But second, the Trump team's already learned you are gonna do law fair, we'll fundraise off it and we'll use the money to finance ads against you. Good. Everybody should go and donate to the Trump team today just because of this idiot. They are not gonna let this go. I told you when this guy was appointed, he is one of the worst legal minds in the entire country.


He's either a moron or a communist. There's no other, there's no other option here. Both or both. Good point. Another thing that breaks yesterday, this is your home for news. Another conspiracy theory comes true. What's our batting average? Hundred thousand. A hundred thousand. Is that even a batting average? I think a thousands probably the one we are batting 999.999 with a little bit of room for error. But you can round up. We we we haven't been wrong yet. That's a lot, that's a lot of at bet. You're right. That's a darn lot of at bats. That's like 4,000 at bats in a season. That's a lot of extra ending games folks.


What did we tell you about January 6th? We've been telling you about? Well, we told you a lot of things. This isn't the pipe bump, this is about the capitol. That there were people within the Trump administration who warned repeatedly talk to Cash Patel about this repeatedly. Hey, there may be instigators in the crowd. We may have an issue on January 6th. Let's get the place secured. And the lefty said, so really, here's Nancy Pelosi in a video just released, ironically taken by her daughter. I dunno what they were doing, some documentary or something that day where Nancy Pelosi basically admits to that exact thing.


She tries to blame Trump, but she's like, yeah man, we really should have gotten these people out here. It's incredible how we are like, we just cannot, we're not even bunting anymore here. Watch this. The realizations of the president of the United States. How many times did the members prepared? Why not? It's And we take not, Is there any clear bit of evidence now that Pelosi, how many times the members have to ask, are we prepared?


They knew, they knew, knew there were gonna be instigators there, yet they're trying to pin this on you like you did something wrong. Pelosi's knee deep in this thing. Now does the pipe bomb scandal start to make sense? Folks, I'm gonna put it all together for you. I I need you to, I need you to put down what you're doing unless it's important you're feeding your baby or doing something critical to, if you're operating heavy equipment, do not put it down. But if you're just sitting around and you're getting ready to put a few lumps in the coffee, take a to, I'm gonna lay out for you in a paragraph. What I am absolutely firmly committed to happened on January 6th.


They had to stop. They meaning the Democrats and probably some swampy Republicans, they had to stop certification questioning from happening. Remember January 6th is certification day where they all certify the vote and you have effectively a, a president-elect Biden and a vice president-elect Harris, everybody tracking I. don, I don't mean I'm don, don't mean to restate the obvious, but there are some liberals listening. That was when they officially, officially became President-elect and vice President-elect. There were significant problems with the 2020 election. Too numerous to listen Pennsylvania mail-in balloting, all of it. I have zero doubt there was significant cheating involved.


Republicans planned that day to use the legal process to protest the vote and they all were gonna be given floor time to go and make that case. That case, I believe, was devastating. The Democrats could not have the entire nation watching the evidence and the dirty laundry get aired. Everybody tracking, follow me in the chat please. 'cause this is really important. You understand that they had to have a plan to stop the Republicans from speaking without, I mean, what were they gonna do? Jump them on the floor. I believe the plan was to place these two pipe bombs at the RNC in the lot near the Capitol Hill Club and at the DNC and to have a friendly find them while Kamala Harris was there and then say, oh my gosh, the MAGA people are trying to kill the first black female vice president.


She was at the DNC for a quick meeting. Shut all the, no more objections. Everybody just do the right thing and certify this vote or someone's gonna get killed. Does that make sense to everyone? Follow the chat guys. Tell me, put the chat up on the screen again. I wanna make sure you understand that Pelosi's mad at what happened at the Capitol, obviously for obvious reasons. But I think she's also pissed off because If, she would've got the National Guard to control that. What happened at the Capitol? I think their whole plan would've materialized with them finding a bomb without any of this additional stuff. Yes, I'm telling you, this is what happened.


She knows, and she must have known at that point that I don't, I'm telling you right now, I don't think they expected that to happen at the Capitol. I think they expected something to happen. And, I think there were a lot of instigators there. But, I. Don't think they expected that to happen. And that's what they were in. Their initial plan was these pipe bombs. And then when the pipe bombs were discovered, they didn't need it because they were like, now we've got this riot. We'll just use that to shut the thing down. But then everyone was like, well what the hell are we gonna say about these pipe bombs? We just found them. And someone must have told someone, stand down.


Now let me, let me put the cherry on the top of this from an extremely well placed source. Media people take your notes. I'll be right again. So if you're gonna be you ready, folks, you're six months ahead of the news cycle right now. Flag it again. Flags in the chat one more time. The DeRoo today from an extremely well placed source. This is how I know they did not want anyone to find who placed the pipe bombs, because it was probably some anti-Trump activist working with some of these people. A friend on the scene who was working in a capacity, let's say on that day, was tasked with finding the pipe bomber quickly when nobody knew who it was and what was going on.


And the oddest thing happened just a short time after he was told, Hey man, go dispatch and find that guy. He was told, don't you worry, stand down and don't you ask any questions. Fact, fact that happened. Source again is unimpeachable photo evidence to prove it By the way. Don't doubt me, don't doubt me. This source was told to stand down. Why? 'cause they didn't want you to know anything about these things.


'cause the Capitol riot broke out and they said, Hey, we've already got a riot. We don't need these pipe bombs anymore. Let's make it go away. Tell everyone it was a training exercise. I hope you're flagging that. 'cause when it all comes out in six months, you'll be like that. We already knew that. We heard it on the Dan Bongino Show. And that's why we're the number one live stream in the world. That's why wanna get to this, this as well, because I teased it in the beginning of the show. And I hate teasers if I don't come through in the clutch. Folks, yesterday I discussed this disturbing arrest of the telegram, CEO or the being He's being detained in France of Paval Dora.


It is one of the most frightening, authoritarian things I've ever seen. I'm telling you as a friend, I've been to France, it's a lovely country. I've been all over the place there. It's very nice. I'm, I'm not trying to be a jerk about this or anything. There's a lot of good people in, they were very nice to us. I'm telling you as a friend, I would not visit France. I I would, if you are a MAGA hat wearing conservative, you are seriously at risk. I, I can't go back. I can't, there is zero chances an equity holder in Rumble, a free speech platform like Telegram that I'd probably make it outta there. I was probably spied on when I was there. I I can't go back, which sucks 'cause my wife really enjoys it over there.


And, I like my kids to see the world. I, I can't go back. The reason they arrested Paval is clear. Telegram was being used by MAGA people and populists around the world to fight the blob and the swamp. That's it. That's the top line message. You want a more thorough review? Listen to yesterday's podcast where I feature clips by the great Mike Bens, who does incredibly detailed analyses on the blob and the role in telegram in fighting the blob. It's basically a mechanism to organize and the blob hates it. The blob only likes telegram when they can use telegram to advance the blobs causes.


And one of the blobs causes is the preservation and expansion of NATO with no accountability. Nato, of course, is a military alliance. It was designed initially to fight the encroachment of communism, but it is now morphed into this military alliance that's become more of a bureaucratic blob than anything. NATO does not want anybody asking questions about what it's doing ever. So when populist movements like the MAGA movement are like, Hey, what's going on in Ukraine? And nato, NATO doesn't want questions. So they go to war through their surrogates and proxies with anyone who asks questions. Here is why they hate Donald Trump.


Telegram. True social rumble and X. Do you remember when this happened? Right to NATO's face, the guy who runs nato right to his face on live television. Donald Trump said this about NATO military funding and the German pipeline. And man, this was the end after this, they realized this was guy was a real threat to their little blob bureaucracy. Check this out. I think it's very sad when Germany makes a massive oil and gas deal with Russia where you're supposed to be guarding against Russia, and Germany goes out and pays billions and billions of dollars a year to Russia.


So we're protecting Germany, we're protecting France, we're protecting all of these countries. And then numerous of the countries go out and make a pipeline deal with Russia where they're paying billions of dollars into the coffers of Russia. So we're supposed to protect you against Russia, but they're paying billions of dollars to Russia. And, I think that's very inappropriate. And the former chancellor of Germany is the head of the pipeline company that's applying the gas. Ultimately, Germany will have almost 70% of their country controlled by Russia with natural gas. So you tell me, is that appropriate? I mean, we, I've been complaining about this from the time I got in.


It should have never been allowed to have happened. But Germany is totally controlled by Russia because they were getting from 60 to 70% of their energy from Russia and a new pipeline. And you tell me if that's appropriate because I think it's not And, I think it's a very bad thing for nato. And I don't think it should have happened. And, I think we have to talk to Germany about it. On top of that, Germany is just paying a little bit over 1%, whereas the United States in actual numbers is paying 4.2% of a much larger GDP. So I think that's inappropriate. Also, Folks, I I'm, I'm really, I'm, I'm asking you as a friend, as a soldier in this bonito army with you share that clip.


It is the single probably most important clip if you'd like to understand why Establishmentarian from Republican parties, conservative movements, liberal movements, communist movements, even some swampy conservatives who've lost their way. This is why they hate him. He went into office and started asking common sense questions. Why are we financing NATO when the countries we're supposed to protect are not only not financing their own defense, but are building pipelines to Russia to enrich a country that later on invaded Ukraine that wants to join nato, that we would then have to join the war to then fight the Russians who were being financed by a NATO country.


Is anybody asking this question? That is the single most important clip. You can watch that clip there. Set the world on fire and he did it in front of the entire world. He started asking questions and there is nothing. The deep state, the blob, the stupid state, the silly state, whatever you wanna call it, the international blob, the NGOs, the government, the big liberal money, the swampy Republicans, some defense companies that are read into this. There is nothing they hate more than a guy. Not only asking questions, but doing it in front of the whole world.


Why are you guys building a pipeline to Russia, to enrich Russia? You want us to defend you at NATO and you're not even financing your own military now? Do you see Y Telegram, true social, X and Rumble? Why they've all become public enemy number one in the eyes of the European Union and others that all work together with these other blob entities to make sure the money keeps flowing and nobody asks questions. I'm telling you right now, that is the single most important clip you will ever see of Donald Trump. He was the one guy who picked up on this scam. NATO can be effective. I'm not telling you it's useless. I'm just telling you, nobody wants anybody asking questions and something's gotta change with our arrangement with NATO now.


That's why something big's gonna happen before the election. Get ready. This isn't the last arrest, folks. Thanks again for tuning in. 161,000. Yes, yes, right? Like 160. We were 150 was a big deal. 160. Thank you so much. You guys are the best. We love you. Please download the Rumble app. Do us a favor. If you wanna just watch us on the desktop, that's fine too. rumble.com slash bonino shows free. Join us every day at 11:00 AM live. Join the chat. I'd like to talk to you guys. You can watch it on demand too, anytime. That's cool. But just give us a follow click that on the rumble page, that yellow, excuse me, that green follow button. Really appreciate it and please give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, their podcast feature too.


It's all free. Helps us stay on the charts. Glad you're enjoying the show last few weeks. I love doing it. It's my passion. I'll see you on the radio show here on Rumble in just a few minutes. And back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.