
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know I made a, I made a huge mistake yesterday. A critical mistake in yesterday's show. I was so excited on almost no sleep. I slept a lot last night, by the way, way too much. And not that my sleep thing. you know, it's funny Beam's, the pre-roll.


Hey, Beam Cyber Sale is here. Bonino Listeners Joy up to 50% at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's. Biggest sale of the year? Perfect timing. I got some sleep last night. Like you wouldn't believe I fell asleep at 8:30 PM Eastern Time, which is probably still like an hour off because I'm still You know. The daylight thing is still like messing me up, right? I got up at like five 30, so I slept forever.


but I got up yesterday. Yesterday and I was, I was tired. but I was excited and energetic because of this history changing moment. And I wanted to come in so desperately and like if there was ever a time fucking karate man, it was yesterday and I missed the Karate Man moment and I can't take it back. This isn't Michael J. Fox. I can't go back to the future. I can't do it. And I'm pissed. I'd love to go meet up with Biff or whatever there Karate man in the chat. There was ever a time to go full freaking Mr.


Miyagi. It was yesterday. It was hot in here. I forgot to put the fan on. What the hell? I totally missed it. Put it in the chat and let's just pretend it happened yesterday. Gee, can you splice that into yesterday? Show man folks, I am savoring every moment of this, every single second. I got a lot for you today. The liberal meltdowns are priceless to watch. I gotta be honest with you, I'm only throwing this in for pure entertainment value. There are a couple that have some educational way, like they are gonna try to censor social media now and that I'll throw out there. but I just want you to see it to laugh. I'll do a few of those in there. but I right in the beginning of the show. I've got some really important stuff we do have to discuss, okay, tactics wise, because now we won.


We should still celebrate. Take the week. I get it. But there are some things we have to talk about because it's time to get a government going.


Hey, we're five generations of family owned experience. Omaha Stakes consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hand selected by master butchers from the finest grain finished beef, extra age flash, frozen at peak flavor, and delivered right to you. And now during the semi-annual sale, you can taste the difference and get 50% off. sitewide@omahasteaks.com. Minimum purchase may apply. Go to oma steaks.com for details. Our listeners get an extra $30 off with code bond G. It's a huge discount. Paul and I stocked our new house with Omaha ready for the busy election season. There were a lot of late nights and Omaha came doing the clutch with delicious food. Omaha steaks gives you legendary steaks delivered right to your door, grass fed, grain finished beef hand selected for superior marbling and tastes perfectly aged to maximize tenderness hand cut by their master butchers in America's heartland. Bring home the world's best steak experience with Omaha steaks. Go to omaha steaks.com for 50% off site-wide during their semi-annual sale. Stuff is delicious. And an extra $30 off use code bonino minimum purchase may apply. Omaha steaks.com for details. That's 50% off at O-M-A-H-A Omaha steaks.com. Omaha steaks.com. An extra $30 off with Code Bonino.


Alright fellas, let's go. So let me get this thing started. One, I wanna thank my good friend John Bruner, by the way, remember we auctioned off the Trump baseball. You're never gonna believe it. It raised $50,000. John was John B in the auction. He actually lost the auction in the last minute to another. Patriot spent $50,000 for charity. John texted me last night, John Bruner's actually gonna match that donation to Samaritans Percy without even the baseball. So John Bruner, he was an awesome candidate for office in the state of Missouri. Great guy. Thank you for doing that. Super nice of you. You're a real patriot and a hero man. We love you. Okay, we gotta talk about something before we dig into the dirty details here. What the is going on with the vote counts folks, listen to me.


Man. This thing thankfully was a blowout. I told you if we voted early, we would screw up their calculation. There was no way to cheat their way out of it. And I was right. It, the race is over. Everybody's conceded. There's no going back and un conceding it there. Race is over. States have been called that. It's done. Finished. It was over. We swamped the thing. They simply did not have the calculus written in to make up for the early voter turnout. And I think they knew they were screwed. So I think they figured, all right, screw it. We got stuck with four more years of this. Let's try to whatever. Hold on to the senator of the house. So late last night. We get these massive data dumps out of these liberal cities in the state of Wisconsin and in the state of Nevada.


And of course they're like, oh, the Senate candidates, H the and Brown, you know, lost folks. This is, this has gotta stop two Republicans in the state of Arizona and Wisconsin. I understand you're dealing in many cases, well not in Nevada, but in Wisconsin with a liberal governor. But you are dealing with a lot of liberals in the state legislature. You have got to stop this shit that you guys, and I, excuse me, Arizona and Maricopa and Arizona as well. You gotta stop this shit. It you, there is absolutely no reason why in the richest, wealthiest country on earth where 40 out of the 50 states or relatively speaking about 40 out, who knows have no problem whatsoever going Republican.


Okay, great. Counting votes that you can't count votes get your shit together. You guys are effing up the entire country. Nobody believes anything. Nobody believes anything. You think we forgot? What do you think? We forgot what happened in 2020. When you think right now we're like, we're just gonna move on because Donald Trump won. We're not. We're happy we swamped it. But get your shit together, man. You understand? If this wasn't a runaway election, the entire nation again would be watching Maricopa County in Arizona. Get your shit together.


You are humiliating. You are embarrassing. Fix it. I live in Florida. 95% of the vote count was in probably within a half an hour of the damn vote closing. We got 20 million people. Bro, fix your shit. I'm sorry man, but it's just freaking frustrating. Are you with me in the chat or not with this? Fix your shit man. Wisconsin, Nevada, Arizona, California. I for they, they don't wanna fix anything, but these are states with a substantial Republican presence.


Either a branch of government, Nevada's got a Republican governor, Arizona's got the hapless. Katie Hobbes, or they got evers in Wisconsin. I mean, see they, they, you, you gotta fix your shit. Sorry man. but I, you know, it's a day after I'm, I'm still happy about this thing. But this is how the whole nation gets thrown in the turmoil. And let's talk about some other things too, folks. The Trump team's getting ready now to transition. They're, they're already rocking and rolling. There are a number of names out there and people I know the Trump team is very, very interested. This at this point in not making some of the same mistakes they made last time.


I'm gonna be covering some people throughout the week and next week who I think should not be in the administration. It's just my opinion. They don't need my advice. They can do what they want. but I'm an independent voice out here and I'm in this for one person and one person only. Do you know who that person is? President Trump. I don't care about anybody else. I care about him and his success. And there are some people out there who are not gonna be good for the administration and I'm hearing their names being thrown around. So that's gonna be coming in the next few days. And as for agenda items, day one, fire Chris Ray and the FBI. Immediately, immediately, the second we swear in, here's how this should look. You guys wanna see how it should look. I Donald J. Trump the minute Christopher Ray, you're fired.


That's it. The second the Bible gets pulled away, I want the call going. Christopher Ray, pack your bags, get this guy outta there. Fire this guy on day one. Also fire the CIA director and the DNI. They gotta go to the IC has been involved in a deep state weaponization effort for a long time. These are just a couple of things that should happen right away. An executive order on the border. You can implement the Immigration and Nationality Act. What is it? Section two 12 right away reinstitute their migrant protection protocols remain in Mexico. Should happen right away. Couple other things. If we have the Republican Congress, it's still likely we're gonna hold the house. I hope we do. If we don't, we're gonna be screwed.


They'll impeach Donald Trump day one. However, we gotta get some national voter id. We've gotta work on our election system, cleaning it up, and we have to reauthorize the tax cuts and get some money for that border wall. That should happen right away. Okay? Just wanna put that out there in the beginning of the show. Now let's get to some good stuff again because we did do karate man, I only do karate man. When I'm in a very good mood. I'm savoring every delicious moment of this wonderful, glorious electoral college and popular vote. Political ass kicking. I saw we were looking around for some of the best liberal meltdowns to kind of make you feel good, make you laugh a little bit on a Thursday morning. Thirsty Thursdays here is one of the best ones we found.


Check this out. Savor every delicious second of it. How does this not go without saying, but white people, white women, especially at this moment, do not go to your black, your indigenous, your immigrant, you are queer, you are trans. Do not go to that person in your life that you feel is a little bit more oppressed than you are. 'cause obviously you're feeling fucking oppressed. And ask for like help with it. I don't care how you voted. I don't care how fucking hard you work. I don't care.


I don't care. You are not an exception to this. Just so we're clear, like I thought it couldn't get too much more reasonably worse today in the spectrum of my emotions towards people who look like me. But then you go and do something and totally fucking blow it out of the water.


What, what? What in the did I just see? So just, I always have, I'd always have just to be clear for all the people out there. And this is only coming from the swampy Republican side. By the way, when I say this, I'll tell you in a second. It is not coming from the Democrats aren't interested in this at all. The swampy Republicans. I noticed a lot of people at the journal and elsewhere, they're all like, we need unity. It's time to move on. You just to be clear, you really believe that lady is interested in unity right now?


You did. You see what it, Justin just said it right? Go to X and TikTok, you have never seen liberals crazier than they are now. Crazier. Never. So all the coexist, tolerance, bullshit folks, I would happily unify with a party that loved America and was ready to move on. Hey, we lost. Let them do their thing and govern and then we'll get our shot in the midterms. And in four years, they're not even remotely interested in that. I don't wanna hear any bullshit about unity until liberals put the sword down. They're gonna unity you drop yourself, they're gonna lop your head off.


These people are crazy. Here's the attorney general in New York. An absolute lunatic. A freaking come like I've never seen before. Thirsty for power authoritarianism and the fascism she claims to wanna be fighting like I've never seen. They get destroyed in this election. New York, Donald Trump slices, what like five to seven points off of his margin he lost by in 2020 in New York made massive gains in the Tri-state area, New Jersey as well. Donald Trump. Were you only lost by, what was it, five or six or something like that?


Massive gains. Queens County where I grew up. I'm a queen's kid just like Donald Trump. Donald Trump won almost 40% of the vote that is in New York. City's one of the five boroughs. Queens County. You would think this life loser moron up in New York would say, Hey, it's time to reevaluate our law. Fair against Donald Trump. No, you got none of that shit at all. Here's what you got yesterday. Heard dumb and down on communism. Check this out. So here we are. We've studied their platforms. We've identified certain possibilities, fact patterns. We've created contingency plans.


So no matter what the next administration throws at us, we're ready. We are ready to respond to their attacks. We're ready to respond to any attempts to cut or eliminate any funding to the great state of New York as the governor outlined. So just so despite what has happened on the national stage, we will continue to stand tall in the face of injustice, revenge, or retribution. You ever see the Brady Bunch Giffy? If you guys are on xLi, sure Jan, sure. Keep it up. This You're doing great.


You are doing great. You are doing fantastic. Thank you Tish. If it wasn't for people like Tish James, this absolute life loser a by the way, a extremely stupid person from a number of people I know who know her dumber, believe it or not, dumber than Joe Biden. And that's saying a lot. That is a bold statement that I wish PolitiFact would check. I want IQ scores. She is a moron. A moron. Keep it up man. There is no, there was I I I could argue she's one of the top five contributors to the Republican effort to take this country back.


This absolute life loser. Keep it up, keep it up. You're doing great. You'll have New York red. By the time these idiots Kathy Hoel, the governor and her are done with it. And that other slob Twinkies too. Keep it up. Morons folks. The deep state had a bad day yesterday. That was Tisch with the Copio. We have a backup plant. Sure you do Tisch, right? Right, sure. You see this report on Fox, you know Jack Smith, the tyrant working as a special tyrant for the Merrick Garland. Joe Biden weaponized Justice department making up fake charges on Donald Trump and trying to put him to a federal trial. That's all gone now. That's all gone.


Jack's gonna need to find a new job. I hear since Donald Trump got a promotion from McDonald's, there's an open spot. Maybe Jack Smid should apply. Not really sure. Donald Trump's done a lot of jobs. You see his resume going around online. It was pretty hilarious. They were like felon McDonald's sanitation worker, president of the United States, the greatest resume ever. I love this guy. You wanna talk about a man of the people. I love this guy. Maybe Jack Smith should seek that open profession. There may be a spot for him because Jackie bots Jackie boom. Bots gonna be out of a job soon. Check this out. We have some news about special counsel Jack Smith. This man right here, Donald Trump said recently that he would fire Jack Smith quote within two seconds of taking office.


Well we found out that he may not have that opportunity. The reason is that the Department of Justice where Jack Smith works cannot prosecute a sitting president. Fox News is told that Jack Smith will be gone from his post as special counsel. Meaning the cases will be gone before Trump takes the oath of office at noon on January 20th. This is the documents case though that was dropped already by Judge Eileen Cannon back over the summer. And it's on appeal, but also this case for Trump's alleged efforts to try to overturn the 2020 election. So given the fact DOJ policy says you cannot prosecute a sitting president, expect Jack Smith's cases to be done.


The last case, and I'll end on this, is that Atlanta case that deals with the 2020 elections. That's a local Georgia case. We've seen over the last year how that has played out with Fannie Willis, Nathan Wade, that has many problems, many different delays. So the bottom line for my story to all of you right now, Donald Trump's legal problems have essentially all gone away since he won last night. Harris, Jack a Jackie Smith, Justin is offering his services for a job search. He said contact him. You can reach out our email's on the website. Just ask for Justin b Justin is willing to go do some heads hunting. Headhunting for you. If you're looking for a job, there's multiple spots here open in Stewart.


Just please don't register to vote down here. Stay behind where you are. Possibly to dc Walmart is definitely looking for some baggers up front. Hey man, you got someone we gotta, we gotta get these jobs done. We gotta fill 'em man. Every job is valuable. Jack Justin b, he's gonna hook you up buddy. So Jackie Botts is out of a gig and Derek Farland obviously is gonna be out of a gig pretty soon as well. Who knows, maybe they'll try to nominate him for another Supreme Court position in the next India next, God forbid there is in another Democrat White House. So I wanted you to have a little bit of fun. I have a couple, I'm not gonna play too many, but it's amazing to watch leftist. you know what throw, you know that Tweet up first, the one you have on the pro.


I just wanna show 'em and I, I'll get to the Des on in a second. but I, it's amazing to watch leftists with tweets like this. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify tweets, like what? I'll get into this in detail in a second here. But now we've got leftists that are like by their own definition, correct? You they're election deniers. I mean if, if you, if you question a 2020 election, the left said you're an election deni. Which is weird because I never denied there was an election. Matter of fact, I acknowledged there was an election with problems, which makes me an election acknowledge like the opposite of a deni. I don't deny there was an election at all. But you said them's the rules, right? You acknowledge the election and you think it had problems. You're a deni. It's weird to see leftists and people on Twitter now go, man, this is caught up weird.


Those 2020 number, right? Isn't it crazy? So strange how that happened. I'll get back to this in a second. I'm gonna take a quick break and I wanna get to some media meltdowns, including Lawrence O'Donnell again who wants to wipe out the electoral college. I will give you a 22nd history lesson on the electoral college. This is not for you, but it's for your dopey liberal friends who are too stupid to figure out that we wouldn't have a United States of America without the electoral college. They still don't get that. They don't understand because they're stupid people and you're gonna make them unt stupid people if they're capable.


You having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take in your life. But there is hope on the horizon with Beams Dream Powder. They sent me something to try. It's been a game changer for me. You see, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Other sleep aids cause next day Grogginess, you've seen it. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of rei Magnesium, Aine, Apogen and melatonin helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up feeling better and refresh. It's never been a better time to try Dream Shop their cyber sale and get up to 50% off five zero when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino. You've been hearing me talk about this product all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. Thank you Beam.


I'm gonna go back to that tweet in a second, I promise. but I want to play this first. Enjoy all of this folks. Here's M-S-N-B-C that for two days has been sucking in. This is, here's my my coffee. But they've been sucking in massive amounts of, they're like they're drink it up, drink the copio because they just can't take it that they f this thing up so bad and they are totally incapable of reading the America they claim they live in. Check this out for me. This you An apology to all of those states that we have not mentioned. It's not our fault, it's the founding fathers. Yes, they decided on this thing called the Electoral College, which interestingly no other country in the world decided to copy.


And because of that in presidential terms, in effect on nights like this, it you have a right to think that. It feels like no one cares about your vote if you're in California or if you're in New York. And when you think about how enormous a force that can be in voter suppression, there may be nothing quite like it. Holy shit. Are these people stupid? Do they not understand why any of you guys history buffs? Justin, Mike, Michael, Michael's smart. He knows everything. Michael's like, Michael's got like a 5,000 IQ or something. He's like a Stephen Hawking over there. So this guy knows everything my, we send them like math problems. He's like, look at me. He smarty guy knows everything, right?


He's like an Excel spreadsheet in his head or something. The Electoral Co. You wouldn't have a United States without it folks. It's called the United States. There's a second word in that. The original states we're like, we're not joining this union if you're gonna pardon my like fuck us over. So the states, Michael, am I crazy? During when they were drawing up the constitution and the rules, they were like, Hey man, I don't wanna do what New York wants. We have our own interests. How are you gonna protect our state? Because if all the population centers pick the president, then you're gonna F us over and it's the United States.


It's not the folks, it's, notice what I said, it's not the United people of America, it's the United States. They all have their own thing going on. Florida's got interest. New York doesn't have, we have a big lake in the middle called Lake O. If you are in New York going, I don't give a shit about Lake O. Exactly. Why would you? I do. It's if it overflows, it's gonna fuck the whole state up. It's not your problem, it's mine. That's why we're the United States. So the founders said we can't elect the president on a popular vote because then these Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota, more, you get the point over time, they, they're now densely, not densely populated states.


Their interest wouldn't be protected. It's the United States dumbass. You wouldn't have one without it. It's the only reason we have a United States and a constitution. One of the biggest issues holding up the drafting of our founding documents was how to pick the president. There was someone who wanted Congress to pick the president, but you had separation of powers issues. Some wanted a monarch. And they were like, screw that. We got away from that shit. Others wanted the popular vote. So the states were like, we ain't doing that. New York, California picked the president, man, are you people stupid on the left?


There would be no United States. You idiots. Gosh, you gotta have this. Now watch this. This is the tweet I showed you before. This is classic. You wanna talk about the biggest like self-owned set of tweets of all time. This is all over Twitter. Yesterday even this woman, Pam in Florida, she ran for office, was tweeting out. So here are the numbers. Turnouts for the last elections from 2004 Presidentials, right to 2024. You have one, two, 1 million in 2004. Follow me here 'cause I'll read 'em out to you if you're listening on audio. 1, 2, 9. In 2008, in 2012 we had 126 million 20 16, 120 8 million, 20, 2150 5 million.


We've never had more than 129 million. So in twenty twenty, a hundred fifty 5 million. Then in 2024 it's right back to 1 29 again. So lefties are like, hey, nothing strange about this at all. And then some other guy rides, damn y'all, maybe we really did steal the election in 2020. This is, if there was ever a John McClain You, know where I'm going with this. Anyone know where I'm going with this in the chat? If there was ever a John McClain, Bruce Willis, diehard run, welcome to the party pal. This is it. You wonder why a lot of Republicans are like, You wonder why we're kind of like, okay, so you got this pandemic thing, you do a mass mail-in ballot election for the first time.


Not the first time we've seen mail-in ballots, but a mass mail-in ballot election. Because good, you can't show up. Everybody's gonna get sick and die from covid, which turned out to be hysteria. Okay? So you get a mass mail-in ballot election. You got states like Pennsylvania that randomly change the rules at the last minute. You've got the emergence of these drop boxes all over the place. All of a sudden something like what? you know at 20 million, close to 20 million new votes show up. 18, 20 million new votes show up, they don't appear again. And liberals are like, man, where did all those 18 million votes go? I don't know, man. I have no idea this. If there was ever a vindication day, this should be it.


And the greatest irony of all is Sean Davis said this, he was a guest on my radio show yesterday. And I I, I've thought about this often. If 2020 was a clean, fair election, like they said, I believe we would've won the greatest irony of all folks. They'd already be done with Donald Trump. They'd be done with him. Donald Trump would be leaving office in January, hopefully in a successful second term. And they'd be done with 'em, never have to deal with 'em again. He would've been termed out and because of this anomaly and what I believe was a huge scam in 2020, now they got four more years. And if JD goes on and wins later, you could have 12 more years of the Trump dynasty.


It's amazing how liberals they, they they only, I told you all the time, like liberals are full of shit. Nothing they tell you is real. Everything is bullshit all the time. If you question elections, you're an election Deni. They're questioning the election now. Oh, but we're not election deniers only you guys are here. I wanna show you this one too. Here's the view yesterday. This is how pathetic and disgusting the left is. I said to you yesterday, do you think there's going to be a minute of unity or self-reflection? There will be a few, there'll be like the Harold Ford Juniors and the not crazy Democrats. Have you've seen Harold on the five I've met Harold personally many times.


I'm telling you right now, you're not gonna convince me otherwise. 'cause I know this guy personally, unbelievably genuine, nice guy. My father is a Republican but really likes the five. He met him at the the Patriot Awards. And Harold could not have been nicer to my dad. He's a genuinely good guy in the green room. Harold's just a Democrat, an old school Democrat with different ideas. You're not gonna get me to change my mind. I would never vote for Harold. Harold would never vote for me. But that is an infinitesimally small part of the Democrat party. I promise you that is gonna look back and go, what the did we do wrong? And there was some do very few, but some, most of the Democrats, I promise, are going to actually get crazier because they cannot blame themselves for their failings.


They cannot possibly look in the mirror and go, we really suck. Here are the ladies in the view. Like it wasn't us, it was definitely social media. We gotta look into banning this stuff, man. And say they can't do it. They cannot acknowledge they are the bad guys. They can't do it. Watch this. Thanks. Well, it would help if we could regulate social media. 'cause one of the biggest defenders is DC and Congress have not been able to do one thing in regard to the rogue corporations. It's not Gonna get any better with Elon Musk. Now in the, in the administration, I want, I want Folks, these are all over the place. I'm hoping to end the show with one of these today too. From M-S-N-B-C, A similar clip. This is all they can talk about censoring people, booting Elon out of the country, pulling his government contracts, putting people in jail, weaponizing government.


They cannot look in the mirror. There are some, I'm not gonna bullshit you. There are a very small number of Democrats that are starting to realize they've got a problem, not even close to it. And they're afraid to speak out. They are afraid to speak out because they know the crazies like these losers will come after 'em. Quick break. And on the other side of this, I wanna show you one of the biggest grifters in the the Never Trump Swamp and then the San Francisco Chronicle again. Do you think they would learn, right? San Francisco Chronic Chronicle, left-leaning news outlet. You think they would learn from running a far left California liberal candidate? Wait till you see this headline.


You're gonna be like, no, yes, no. Yes.


Hey Helix, they have a great offer for my listeners. you know, Paul and I moved to the new house. Every single bedroom has a Helix mattress because they're super comfortable. I sleep on one I've told you over and over. The only downside is you're never gonna wanna go to a hotel or sleep anywhere else. You're gonna wake up rested and refreshed. I kid you not. It's super comfortable why they do mattresses suited to your needs. If you can personalize a product, you're gonna get a product personalized to you, not for everyone else. So in just a few minutes, the Helix team, they learn about your sleep patterns and they recommend the right mattress for you. So you get the perfect match from the position you sleep into, the body type or your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. And just for my listeners, the roughing 25% off site wide. Plus, you'll get two free dream pillows with any mattress, purchase, purchase, any lux or elite mattress, you'll get a free bedding bundle that includes two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. Visit Helix sleep.com/dan, start your match today. That's H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan


and our last sponsor today. Before we get back to the show, folks, chronic pain can affect your whole life. You've seen me struggling to move around with my arthritis, it's pretty awful. If you're looking to help get rid of occasional nagging muscle and joint pain, then try what I use. I've been a sponsor for a long time. I'm absolutely in love with this product. Try the new more than three times stronger cryo forze CBD, extra strength pain relief. Roll on. It's a non-prescription. Icy cold pain relief roll on. Just roll it on. Helps instantly block pain receptors, reduce mild inflammation and helps improve muscle and joint flexibility. I use it on my elbows and knees. Paula uses it on her neck. It has 500 milligrams of organic CBD zero THC, so there's 0% THC, so there's no high it can help work. Its mag Magic within 10 minutes of application. It's designed to have long lasting results. Ax Health is offering 20% off your first bottle of cryo free CBD extra strength pain relief. Roll on plus free shipping. Try it out. It works. They di the discount also applies towards any product sitewide. Just go to ax health.com today and enter code bonino OMAX AX health.com. Enter code bonino to get 20% off. Cryo forze at sitewide plus free shipping. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition statements of information on how to substitute for alternative to seeking care from your healthcare provider. Thank you m max, we appreciate it.


Here's the grifter class folks again, you think they would learn from this massive political ass kicking they took? No. Here's Bill Crystal. Bill Crystal who used to pretend to be a conservative. He's now a never Trump grifter. Look at what they're doing now. There's no question. This guy's grifting looking for money in his tweet, he's like, Hey, one thought ahead will be important to have an informal but organized hub for the Trump resistance that's worked so well. You guys are really kicking ass bill. Use what levers of power there are outside of Trump's control to block his white house's bullying and intimidation to defend individuals or to counter attack politically. I have zero doubt that this guy, he's lost all clout. He, him and his cronies are gonna put together some group soon they'll be soliciting people for all kinds of, it's all bullshit folks.


Their entire identity is that we are not this guy. They have, they stand for nothing anymore. Zero. Again, you think the Democrats and the never Trump swamp like Bill Crystal learned, they've learned nothing. I'm telling you, they've learned nothing. You nominated a California liberal through the most undemocratic poss process possible. You anointed as a queen, this woman with zero votes for president ever. And she got destroyed and gave one. Why aren't you playing any speech yesterday? Why would I play her speech? It was one of the worst concession speeches I've ever heard. It was humiliatingly bad, not even bothering with it.


Here's the San Francisco Chronicle with Donald Trump as President Gavin Newsom poised to become leader of the resistance. A great, great, you guys keep it up. Keep throwing down America's throat bunch groups and bunches of California liberals. They just, I listen, I love California. We have a big audience there. I'm not talking about the good guys. you know, though there however is about 50, 55% of the population over there based on votes who are just gonna vote for crazy people. The rest of the country doesn't want that. And they, this is how many more receipts do you need? They are not gonna learn a single freaking thing from this. Along with Bill Crystal and the other grifter class, the media melting down on all of them.


You've also got people like the Lenin project sometimes called the Lincoln Project. You remember them with the whole, like the, the guy whatever with the Russia connections and all that stuff. You would think the Lincoln Project with Rick Wilson, who I'm telling you I ran into in an airport. Have I ever told the story? Gee, I have Rick Wilson from the Lenin project. You know the guy, he's like a little troll. He looks like a lawn ome. This mother stinks so bad. I'm serious. I ran into him at an airport. Someone tweeted this guy today, a link to like Walmart, you know, like the antiperspirants and deodorants. The guy has a serious sulfur problem. I never smelled the guy. So I ran into an airport. It was like a cloud of stink that seared my nose.


My nose hairs never recovered, which is good 'cause you don't want a lot of nose. I seared him all off. I don't have any, you know, look it up. Seared him off years ago. They skin has never recovered. Rick Wilson in the Lincoln Project. This guy has been grifting for now, what, eight years off Donald Trump. Everything they do, they lose everything. And this guy somehow still has a home in the media. Listen to Scott Jennings on CNN and calling these idiots out. Check this out. Hang up job. I mean, I I this never trump hole complex that grew over the last several years. Nothing has ever failed as hard in politics as this. The Lincoln Project, all these people that built millions upon millions upon millions of dollars from democratic donors and all the eggs that was put in this basket.


The split was amazing. Trump got like 94% of Republicans. I don't think they accomplished anything except probably billed a bunch of beach houses. That's, that's about what they did. Republicans being lectured to condescended to brow beaten by all these folks over the last, I mean, look at, at some juncture, it's okay if we have different opinions about the election. You don't have to beat people to death over it. And the more you do that, the more it drives people away. Total failure. It doesn't matter. I love this guy Scott Jennings. I love this guy. He's great on CNN. He's been terrific. It doesn't matter. You are not talking to rational actors. I'm trying to make a point here that again, this is like the, the the education portion of detainment.


This is the edutainment segment here. The left has no capability to self-reflect it all folks, for however much you may not like the primary process Donald Trump had to go through. I have told you a thousand times have I not go back and listen to the show. you know, you're lying if you say otherwise. Not that you would do that, but you get the point. Primaries are good things. Our primary, I thought went on way too long. I thought Nikki Haley stayed in way, way too long. but I told you, everyone laughed at me. Not every I, I don't wanna be a dick about it. You get a lot of people that, oh Dan, this is terrible. The DeSantis Haley thing, it's killing us all. And I said, no, it's not.


It makes candidates sharper. What I'm getting at is the Republican part. We won. How we won, we won. That is evidence. I'm correct and your theory is wrong. Primaries are good things. Everybody says the same thing after a primary. Gee. You remember, remember we were in that cab in DC and you're like, nothing beats you up. Remember? Oh, we're in Texas, wherever. you know what I'm talking about? And you're like, and everybody's like, I'm never voting for Trump, ever. I'm, that's or I'm never done. you know what Desant, I said the same thing that Santa's best governor in the country, Trump's gonna be our best Republican president. You can have those two thoughts. It made us sharper. It makes our movements sharper in the end.


Everybody's gonna come together. I told everybody, calm down with the primaries. The Democrats have no ability whatsoever to self-reflect none. They send money to the Lenin project. Bad shit happens. They send more money. It doesn't matter. They love getting screwed over. Here's a, B, C absolutely melting down. Now that Trump is the commander in chief, or gonna be the commander in chief, I should say, is the president elect again, you would think these people would go, this fascist dictator talk is just not working. I'm gonna play these two clips back to back 'cause they're hilarious. Here's a, B, c melting down about Trump being a, you know, a a, he's gonna be a commander in chief, like he's gonna be some nuclear war.


He is gonna get in and blow the whole country up as if he didn't have four years to judge him by. And in the next clip's gonna be them acknowledging that maybe all this talk muddled the message of him being a fascist. It's the same network. No ability to look at a mirror at all. Play the first cut first about him being a, the military commander in chief. You're gonna see this time it's gonna be different than last time, is the emphasis, the primary emphasis is gonna be on loyalty to Donald Trump. Loyalty to the lesson Of the military, right? I mean, how do you do that with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, which isn't a political position. I mean, he has said already he will get rid of all the, all the woke generals. but I think in some ways you'll see a loyalty test there with the military as well.


I mean, the current chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, he may look at and say, oh, this, this general is woke. I want him out of there. CQ Brown had a very emotional videotape that he released right after the George George Floyd murder, talking about diversity, talking about racial injustice in this country. It'll be very, I'll be very curious to see what he does there. Okay, so here we go with this implication, this hint, this winky winky nod, nod. Oh my gosh. We put Donald Trump in charge of the military. There's gonna be posse comment getting thrown out the window. There's gonna be invasions everywhere. It's gonna be, it's gonna be Civil war.


Remember that movie over the summer? That was a huge hit. The Civil War. What kind of American earth? Th this is what they're implying. There's gonna be a third term he's ever gonna leave. All of this stuff is bullshit. We actually have a term to judge him by No self-reflection at all. Receipts matter. Here's the same network where they internally wonder if all this fascist implications and threats to democracy quote muddled the message. You guys have any ability whatsoever to go, Hey, look, we fucked this up here, check this out. There Were a lot of questions at the time, especially around the time that Mark Kelly's comments came out and she really was, was sort of hammering home that message increasingly focused on the, the threat that she argued that Donald Trump posed.


Was there a danger in going too far in that direction? And the campaign? I remember having these conversations with campaign officials and they insisted that they could do both, right? In, in part, they were trying to take advantage of the news cycle. Mark Kelly had come out and, and made these General Kelly, sorry, general Kelly, excuse me, had come out and made these, these comments and they wanted to seize on those because they felt that it underscored their message. But at the same time, they felt she could go out there, you know, and balance the two. That in, in her campaign remarks that she could hammer Donald Trump, but also put forward her positive vision. And it perhaps may have muddled the message a bit too much. Am I, listen, I I'm not trying to be a, a jerk wad here, okay, but am I right or am I right?


I told you there was gonna be a small number of people in the media and on the democrat side, a small number, and it's true that are going to say, Hey, we wanna win what we're doing is a loser. How do we, you know, reconnect and realign our message with the American people? Imagine again, like the Harold Ford Jr. Types people you wouldn't vote for, but you don't, you know, you don't have to hate these people. And I wouldn't, and you shouldn't. I've always said it's not about all Democrats. It's about a crazy portion of their party. It's liberal anti-American. Cut your kids nuts off movement. That's insane. Most people will not. They will not. They are not capable of it. Here's a super cut half tip daily caller.


Put this together. This is amazing. This is a super cut. It's about a minute of the media meltdowns again, in case any of you out there in the swampy right? Think there's this moment for unity. I'm a realist man. I'm a rial polit guy. You are gonna find unity with these crazies. Are you nuts? They're doubling down on totalitarianism and censorship and all this other bullshit and you expect us to roast marshmallows with 'em. Do s'mores. Are you crazy? Watch this. This is the Biggest red wave I've seen since Ronald Reagan's 49 state victory. There Were appeals to racism in this campaign, and there is racial bias in this country, and there is sexism in this country. I can't help but wonder if the American people have given up on democracy.


I hear what you're saying and I I I do see it differently because I'm thinking about the people who are not a part of anybody's elite who are hurting tonight. If She were a six foot four white man from, from Arkansas or from you know, Florida, do you think she would be losing by that much? That We've gotta be honest among Hispanic men and black men, there's a lot of misogyny. There are African American women who know a little bit about being talked down to and know a little bit about having their economic dreams crushed. Who tried to dream a big dream over the past couple months? It's not enough to get enough white women to vote for Vice President Harris, a fellow woman.


This will be the second opportunity that white women in this country have to change the way that they interact with the patriarch. There's misogyny, but it's not just misogyny from white men. It's misogyny from Hispanic men, right? It's misogyny from black men. Now listen, hat tip jelly caller that goes on for a little bit. It's on their X feed if you wanna watch it. I ended it there for a reason. Anybody in the chat? Gotta guess anyone. This is really an incredible strategy by Scarborough. Scarborough is a DBA like you've never seen. This guy is a freaking bag of the highest order, okay?


A man with no scruples or political instincts whatsoever. None. Zero. Scarborough's strategy with Al Sharpton moving forward is now let's not just focus on this phantom white privilege and the evil white people. Now let's claim, did you guys hear, I'm not crazy right now, let's claim that black men and Hispanic men are also closet bigots and misogynist and racist. Do I mean, again, please show me a receipt that there is going to be some mass media realignment and mass ideological realignment on the liberal left back to sanity produce receipts.


I'll put you on the show. There will be none. I told you there will be a Harold Ford. There'll be a Mark Penn Democrat pollster who, and no one will listen to them at all. It's honestly a terrible thing for the country. It's a great thing for the Republican party that keeps making moves in, in liberal states. Look at the New Jersey, New York numbers. But it's really a terrible thing for the country. 'cause you need two sane parties. You don't have 'em now. You don't have 'em. They, they and, and it's like how they screw up these little things. Here's Bob Costa and another media. I used to know this guy when he was a little more kind of down the center.


He's kind of tilted way left. I don't know if appeal to people on the left, who knows why they do this stuff, but I met this guy when I was running for office. Here's Bob Costa talking about how, again, the zero ability whatsoever to self-reflect. If you go out and talk to American voters, you will get the answer. What's your biggest problem? The economy and immigration from probably 60 to 80% of 'em depending on where you are. It's not hard. Well, what about the economy? Prices are too high. Okay, you, this is how reason works. The economy sucks. I don't like it. I know to vote for a change. Why don't you like the economy? Prices are too high. Why are prices too high?


Well, we printed a lot of money to go chase a lot of products that raise prices. Maybe we should stop printing money. Here's Costa's hit where the Biden team that spent a bunch of money on a bunch of bullshit projects that raised prices, wants credit for spending your money and raising your prices, and they're wondering why you didn't thank them for real, for real. You think they're gonna self-reflect, we're gonna have to deal with more of this shit. These people are crazy. Watch this. There's also a sense of disbelief inside the Biden White House. Think about this. People have forgotten in 2021 when he comes into office, president Biden pushes forward a trillion dollar American rescue plan over a trillion dollars.


Then he passes an infrastructure plan over a trillion dollars. And there was a belief inside the Biden administration across all the high command that they would get credit politically in 2022. Yep, in 2024 for massive spending. Spending they believed was at the same level as Franklin Delano Roosevelt. But what has surprised all of them, or most of them at least, is that come 2024, most voters have seemingly forgotten. There's his words, man. Not mine. Not mine. Daddy. Oh, his words. The Biden team was surprised. They can never make a logical connection by a logic chain. People think the economy sucks.


Why do they think it sucks? Because prices are too high. Why are prices too high? We printed a lot of money. The money started chasing products that raised the prices of said products. People do not like when they have to chase products at higher prices. Maybe we should stop spending money. No, no. Their conclusion is we should have spent more money and put signs up. We spent this money great for the Republican party. Terrible for America. They don't have the ability to do it. Now, I told you yesterday, did I not called it flagged it? You can unflag it now. I told you recriminations would begin the minute Kamala Harris got crushed. We knew she was gonna get crushed.


Trying to caution against the red wave. I think you knew. We felt very good about the election, the sweep of the swing states. I gotta be honest, I didn't expect the sweep of all of them. I thought Nevada would be a little bit more competitive. The the results are just incredible. I told you recriminations would begin immediately. Here's Jackie Heinrich from Fox reporting on this. Obama staffers are now pinning the blame on Biden for Harris's loss. Harris staffers are blaming some of the Obama staffers. Biden's people are leaking stories to the media about how shitty of a candidate they were. And David Pluff, who's a notorious Democrat Biden in Biden, Obama Insider, he notes it was a privilege to spend the last a hundred days with Kamala Harris.


Notice he says in the street, this guy was a huge like Harris guy, right? Working on behalf of Obama. We dug out of a deep hole, but not enough. That was a shot, a big time shot at Biden. So Heinrich notes that, man, these Biden sources are really pissed off. They call Pluff a sanctimonious ass saying, I find this so unproductive. Revel in every second of that. Pluff actually deleted his Twitter account after this. They are going to destroy each other over the next few months. Gee, do you remember my cannibalism theory? We have mentioned this probably 500 times on the show, folks, the left is run out of targets.


When they get, they have the the right just ignores them. We ignore them, we run against them, and we defeat them. When they run out of targets, their power base is canceling and destroying other people. My cannibalism theory is, if you give the left enough time, they will eventually turn on each other. Did we call it or did we call it you watch? These stories are gonna get worse over the next few weeks. I promise you, there's also a lot of recrimination stages of grief. This is, it's like the Elizabeth Kubler Ross stages of grief. When someone dies, they're not at acceptance yet. They're not even close. They're still in denial. They're not there yet. They're not there yet, but they're starting to question everything. Here's another one. This is a good one from CBS is at O'Keefe, the Liz Cheney fiasco the most.


Again, if you're a reasonable person, just like I did on inflation, economy sucks. Prices are up, stop spending money. No, we can't. Let's spend more money, right? The Liz Cheney fiasco, any, any political consultant worked their salt. Any political consultant, I mean, a guy running for school board here in Martin County would tell you if you were a Democrat, maybe you should distance yourself from the Cheneys. They are a troubled political dynasty. Republicans don't like them. Democrats don't like them. Why would you attach yourself to Liz Cheney? Because Kamala Harrison or campaign are morons. Now they're starting to ask questions like, whose dumb idea was that? Check this out. One of the biggest miscalculations, she could have been spending time on this.


Somebody pointed out today, there are nine HBCUs in North Carolina. Do you know how many of them she visited? One. Imagine if she'd been spending time doing that instead of hanging out with Liz Cheney in the Midwest. It could have been a different story tonight, and there're gonna be all sorts of conversations about that. Should she have doubled down on the base and not worried about fighting Republican women? Whose stupid idea was that? Who's double? Justin couldn't even vote for the Bush Cheney thing. He was like, how old were you in 2004? Did and how old were you? Two? He was, you were two. Oh my gosh, these guys, how freaking old am I? Holy Moses. Am I old man? He was two like, two like the, like the Dose two Told me the other day, he was, he's younger than a attack of the clones.


That is insane. Just as younger than a attack of the clones, one of the worst sci-fi films in the history of not just star of any movie ever. Horrible, horrendous. Nobody likes the Cheneys. Whose stupid idea was that, by the way, did we get to come on? We gotta get to 200. We were at 1 99. Get to 200, this'll be three days in a row. Over 200,000 people kicking ass and taking names in the livestream. Do it. Get us to 200. Yet again, we are the kings of livestream and the Bino Army's taking over. I didn't even tell you. A left wing media person reached out to me the other day. He's like, oh my gosh, did we miss this thing again? How are you guys kicking ass so much in livestreaming? Because we get it done.


That's how, give us a follow right there too. Get the 200 before the show here. I'll give you a little, I'll incentivize a little bit. Hold on to this thing for a second. I'm gonna play you one of the greatest clips ever. Many of you don't remember this. You wanna see how this whole thing started again, the left no capacity to look in the mirror at all. This whole thing being the Trump maggot era. I debated playing a minute 10 of this. But folks, if you haven't seen this, bookmark this, save this video and send it to all your friends if they'll buy. Yeah, yeah. Get that Q enough. It wasn't for the smug, smug unbe. Unable to self-reflect left. Donald Trump would likely have never run for president.


you know who got Donald Trump to run for president? Come on you folks in the Chad, you know tell me. Yeah, you're damn right, Obama. Do you remember Obama attacking Trump viciously from the podium when he was up there at that dinner in Washington dc That was the moment Donald Trump was like, I'm gonna get these guys back. This is the smug left. No ability to self-reflect it on. How funny is it that Trump winds up dispatching the Clintons, the bushes, the Obamas, the Bidens, all of them. Watch this. Donald Trump is here tonight.


Now, I know that he's taken some flack lately, but no one is happier. No one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the Donald. And that's because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter. Like did we fake the moon landing? What really happened in Roswell? And where are Biggie and Tupac?


All kidding aside, obviously we all know about your credentials and breadth of experience, for example. No, seriously. Just recently in an episode of Celebrity Apprentice at the Steakhouse, the men's cooking team did not impress the judges from Omaha steaks. And there was a lot of blame to go around, but you, Mr. Trump, recognized that the real problem was a lack of leadership. And so ultimately you didn't blame Little John or Meatloaf. You fired Gary Busick.


And these are the kind of decisions that would keep me up at night. Thank you, Barack Obama. Obama, thank you. So if it wasn't, think about this. If it wasn't for Barack Obama, think about this. Just ponder this for a second. If it wasn't for Barack Obama, we would not have Joe Biden. He rescued this guy's horrendous, grotesque political career from the scrap heap after getting laughed outta presidential races before Barack Obama. Worst political judgment ever. And I'm telling you, what do you have wor? I don't know. But there's a good chance he wouldn't have if Obama didn't ruthlessly go after Donald Trump that night at that thing.


And Donald Trump was like, you know what, man? I'll remember that. And he did. If it wasn't for Obama, I'm telling you, notice what happened. 202,000. We did it again. Bino Army. I got my shirt on today, by the way, our shirt More, more. Four more years more is available now at store. Do bonino.com. You can always get your Bonino Army shirts. We are kicking ass store.bonino.com. Even even the left wing media has been forced to pay attention to the growing immense power of the number one live stream in the United States nearly every single day.


The Dan, Bongino Show join us with the 200,000 Patriots. How do you do it? rumble.com/bonino. It's free. Click that follow button while you're there. It's absolutely free. You'll get a notification. We go live or download the Rumble app. I think we were number like three in the world or something. And it's all free. You will get a notification. Also, please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. Spotify, we were number 10 yesterday. Overall, Spotify, go to Spotify. Search the Dan Bongino Show, click that follow button. Please help us stay on the top charts. I deeply appreciate you guys matter to me more than anything. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in just a little bit. I'm back here tomorrow, Friday at 11:00 AM Eastern Time for the most popular podcast in the United States.


Live the Dan, Bongino Show. Thank you Bonino Army. See you tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.