
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. you Know, sometimes I think we should take the pregame show. Well, it's not really a show, but me, Justin, Michael, gee, Jim, everybody chatting. 'cause some of the conversations were so interesting. They could be segments. Justin was asking me about the big story of the day. Obviously the title of today's podcast, A huge shakeup on the transition with attorney general nominee Matt Gaetz withdrawing a whole bunch of speculation. Is Matt Gaetz gonna take another position? Is he gonna get seated in the next Congress? Remember he resigned from the last one, not the hundred 19th, right?


Is he gonna be appointed senators? He gonna run for governor? What's gonna happen with the seed? How's Pam Bondi? Did Trump plan this? Did he not? I'm gonna, I promise you, by the end of this I'm gonna sift it all out. That's why I got annoyed in the chat. For those of you who don't get into the pre-game chat, sometimes I get in there early. There's one guy or woman, And I just had no idea what you, you don't listen to the sh If you don't listen to the show in the chat and you're gonna comment on me being wrong, then at least know what I said. Okay? I, there's no, that just annoyed me. Some of you in the chat saw that. We're gonna talk about Gates, we're gonna talk about Bondi. We're gonna talk about the Rhino Hacks. That sabotage gates a lot coming.


Don't go anywhere. Big Friday. Show


Beam cyber sales here. Bino listeners get up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bino using code Bonino. Don't miss Beams. Biggest sale of the year.


Also they, the Mike Rogers at the FBI conversation. We can put that to bed. That's not gonna happen. We now know that. I'm gonna tell you what happened there too.


Hey, I've been using bone charges, infrared sauna blanket and Paula uses the red light face mask ever since they sent 'em to us. Really can't recommend them enough. you know, I don't advertise products I don't use, we don't need to. I only like good stuff. I use the sauna blanket because you gotta go look at the research on sauna and what it does for your body. Go look up heat shock proteins with sauna. Just like magical chemicals in your body. You have 'em. Everybody has 'em. How do you get heat shock proteins with the sauna? Use the sauna blanket from bone charge. You just wrap yourself up. Let the infrared heat work. Its magic. I've noticed an incredible difference, folks. I've been through a lot. I gotta tell you, 50. I should be falling apart right now. Although my joints hurt. Everything else feels great. The red light face mask equally impressive. Paula loves it. It's amazing for your skin. That's why she looks so young. She's gonna be 50 next year. She doesn't care. Did I tell you that because you don't even look anywhere close to it. Her skin is smoother, looks more vibrant, and the overall tone is even down. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at your home. Again, look this stuff up. If you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head on over to bone charge.com/bino and use code bonino at checkout to get 25% off. The red light face mask and the sauna blanket have made a real difference in my life. I'm obsessed with life hacks. Use code bonino at bone charges. It's B-O-N-C-H-A-R ge.com/bonino. Save 25% statements of products have not been evaluated by to the fda. A they're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Thank you, bone charge.


Alright fellas, let's get this party started. So yesterday, think big news. I always like to give you the unnecessary background. I'm sitting upstairs in the cave. We have this dark room with blackouts and you know, old man chairs and everything and I'm back there again, like practically snoring like I always am late at night because why during the week, I am the most boring human being on planet earth ever. Ever. There is no one more boring to me. Friday, maybe Saturday night, usually not both. It's on weekdays. I'm Lily White's party by eight o'clock at night. Okay? I'm sitting up here, I see this And I. See the fox, Karen, you know how that sound?


Err whatever comes up. And I'm like, oh man, what happened? I go groggy. They're like Donald Trump nominates Pam Bondi, who was the Attorney general of Florida for a long time. Let me just get this out. Full disclosure in advance. I know Pam Bondi. I'm not gonna say I know her Well again, I don't exaggerate relationships to sound important. It doesn't matter and it makes you sound like an asshole anyway. But I do know Pam well enough, especially in the professional space. He selected her. You can see is Donald Trump true social post here? If you're not on true social, by the way, you're missing out on all the news. I'm sorry if you're not on truth. There's no reason to not have an account. The activity there is just ridiculous. He announces Pam Bondi, his new nominee. I'll say a couple things first, what?


This is why I got so annoyed at that, that that cat in the chat this morning, like, Dan, you were wrong. I said wrong about what? When, when I'm wrong, which will happen. I'm, I'm not, I don't have xmen powers. I can, I'm, you know, the predictions and speculations sometimes you're gonna be on the wrong side of things. Wrong about what the Trump strategy was. What you guys remember what I said? Why we categorize this strategy? You ready? This is the strategy. What am I doing? If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, we're playing rock And.


so robots, thank you Josh for that. My accountant actually sent me that. It was very nice of you. Thank you Josh. We appreciate it. It's like a birthday present. He is punching everywhere all the time folks, nothing has changed about the look at This. isn a rock of so rub. You guys are the best. What would I do you guys? I would, I do without you to chat. You make my life. So it's like a party every day at 11:00 AM so glad you're here. He is punching. Donald Trump doesn't do things 'cause he's dumb. Now a fair question. Justin asked me, do you think he knew that this would happen?


Do you think he knew that? No. I don't think, I don't think Donald Trump nominated Matt Gaetz. It's a good question. Under the assumption that he wouldn't get Matt Gaetz. I'm not gonna sit there and tell, oh my gosh it was 72 dimensional chess and he No, but I do think he's practicing Rockham And. so robots with the full understanding in his head because he's not stupid that he is gonna continue punching. But here's the thing with Rockham Soum robots, the other robots punching too. He knows he's dealing with rhinos in the Senate and ladies and gentlemen, he knew. Did you guys not hear me say this for the smart ass in the chat this morning? Do you not remember me saying there are going to be some scalps taken?


He's not going to get every single person folks. There may be another that goes down that I wish there weren't. I hope he gets his picks. But there may be another because he needs 51. He needs 50. JD will break the tie. JD Vance, he needs 50 senators. Folks, the numbers. Did we break the chat again? Holy shit. No we didn't. Okay. He needs the numbers. If McConnell, Mitch McConnell and these others And, I'll get to them in a second. Say, Hey listen, we're not voting for gates, but we'll give you, what is he gonna do? He can't run in there and force gates out. He will be, there's a recess appointment.


Yeah, he could try that later. However, we need an attorney general right away. It's rockham sock robots man, it may not be the only one to go down. However, the replacement folks, everybody has gonna have issues. by the way, I saw a couple articles this morning. I know Pam Bondi. I support the selection of Bondi. And I'm gonna tell you why. Because I'm not a hypocrite. And, I'm not using, I I, I forget the personal relationships. That means nothing to me. I always measure the effectiveness of a pick how folks in the chat lay it on me, kids lay it on me. Bongino army by the response of our political enemies. So if I hear on M-S-N-B-C that Pam Bondi is even is even what is even worse than Matt Gaetz, what does that mean?


Full steam ahead kids. No, they didn't say that really played a cut. She is a dangerous and effective pick and that's frankly worse than what we would've got with Matt Gaetz. Even with the deplorable moral background that he has. I, well, you think I'm gonna tell you something and then automatically flip on a dime, you know, five minutes later, sorry, drinking some coffee. Excuse me. Alright, much better. Always measure the effectiveness of a pick by the reaction of your political opponents. If Jason Johnson from M-S-N-B-C, one of the most liberal lunatics you're ever gonna see on that network.


I've debated this guy on a Spygate panel, a political, a politicon. I think it was him. What a nut. And really stupid too, if he's telling you Bondy's gonna be worse. That says to me, she's the pick folks. Are there gonna be things in the past there? Yeah, I've already seen a few articles that you know, everybody's got I I've said to you before, we all have it. I have it. You're never gonna get the perfect pick anywhere. I'm telling you the Trump team knows what they're doing. So I just wanna sum this up. No, I don't think they went in there with some seven dimensional chest thinking we're gonna do this and that and then we know he's no I. Don't think I really thought they could get 'em through. Unfortunately, you know, we've got rhinos in there who just don't wanna change their mind ever.


How do I know this is what happened? Because look at Gates's tweet folks. This is what I get paid to do to diagnose for you what happened. I mean, if you, you're not here for bullshit. How am I gonna waste your time every day for 200,000 people a day? Join him. I'm not gonna waste your time. Here's a tweet from Matt Gates right before he drops out. I had excellent meetings with senators yesterday. I appreciate their thoughtful feedback and the incredible support of so many. He says then that it was unfair he was being targeted and it was becoming a distraction. But read the first line again. I had excellent meetings with senators yesterday. Folks, this is not the stiggy in witches. Okay, give me the eye.


It's fairly obvious what happened. They tried to push him through. We've got a bunch of rhinos who are still playing cutesy time. And ladies and gentlemen, what's up with cutesy time? It's over. Unfortunately, there are a lot of rhinos in the Senate who don't understand Cutesy time is over and they basically told them no, that's it. That's as far as it goes. Now these cutesy time zeros in the Senate who are never gonna understand what's going on or the fight they don't at all, are probably saying to President Trump in this disgusting, filthy business of politics, you've got three more nominees who may have some trouble.


We'll give you them, but you gotta get rid of him. Rock em. Sock robots, man. Send the next one. That's it. Cernovich nailed it here. Susan Collins and Murkowski who were hard nos on gates from Maine and Alaska respectively. you know, they voted to approve Alejandro Mayorkas and then McConnell, who was un supposedly another hard no on Gates, voted to approve Garland, as did Collins and Murkowski. Folks, these people are absolute frauds. You need to understand, like these folks will thi this is what they do. They will cut a deal to get a communist in there like my or is. And then you put a door kicker in there like gates and oh, that's a bridge too far.


Here is the other one. This, this is from Charlie. A Charlie Kirk site here are saying John Curtis from Utah is saying he was a hard no too. That would be really, really disgusting. So I, I'm gonna let them respond publicly, but Collins and Murkowski were pretty public. McConnell. It's really, we can't have this stuff folks. We can't have it. Listen, this is disappointing. I told you they're already trying the Flynn strategy. They just didn't have the numbers. But if you keep going, rock 'em. So robot style and just moving forward, you just keep pushing through nominees.


I'm just warning you in advance. We may lose one more. We may. But if we get 80, 90%, sometimes it's the best you can do. When you're not practicing Rockham, soum robots and you're putting together establishment picks, then what happens? How many do you get folks in the chat? Help me. You get a hundred percent because the establishment loves them. Rock 'em, soum Robots comes with a little bit of a downside. Flood the zone. Continue to flood the zone. They're not backing down, they're not doing any of it. The Trump team is no, quit them. It just was a numbers game. That's it. It's it pisses me off.


Should piss you off too. I, get it. I am with you a hundred percent. Some people should we accept this? He's moved on. There's nothing to accept. It is what it is. I practice real politic, And I live in the real world folks, I just don't want you to just accept the narrative at hand. 'cause here's what's going on right now. This is really important and please stop what you're doing. Unless you're holding a child a sharp object or operating heavy equipment or driving. I'm already seeing it in Politico and Axios Politico Playbook and Axios. Their morning email are like biblical like things for the left. It's where they get their talking points.


They want to drain Trump's political bank account right now. And I'm not talking about money. The left is afraid that the popular mandate Donald Trump have, Donald Trump had is gonna give him unprecedented political power to move the country back in the direction of freedom and liberty. Does that make sense? I can't go forward if you don't understand what I'm saying. They're afraid they have no story. Now they can't say he didn't win the popular vote. They can't say it wasn't a mandate. So now they're just gonna make it up. And I've already seen this morning, they're like, Donald Trump's momentum's gone. Matt Gaetz is out. Trump is finished. We cannot let them create a story from the story. It is up to us to pound the table.


You have the facts. We have the facts. Pound the facts. When you have the facts and compound the table too, then pound the freaking table too. I need you guys to get loud on Twitter and everywhere else because people listen. Here's their new narrative. Put up that Politico thing. Calling Trump's win. Resounding isn't just wrong, it's risky. No, Trump's win was resounding. We won the popular vote. We swept every single swing state. We took four Senate seat backs, Senate seats back. Even after redistricting. We still kept the house. We won state houses back. It was a resounding victory. You see? How did we not tell you? Did we not tell you?


Did we not say last week? Michael, do you remember the show? What did we say? They're gonna start putting out the narrative. Oh my gosh, this Trump victory really wasn't that impressive, eh? The Nelson Mun style, eh, New York Times. Look, you find it weird folks all at the same time. The narrative comes out. Gates went down. Trump has no power. Trump's victory was nothing. Trump wasn't have a landslide. Look the landslide that wasn't Trump and Allies pump up his narrow victory. It was not narrow. We kicked your ass in every single swing state. The ass was kicked here. The ass ass ass kicked ass. The ass was kicked.


I'm sorry your ass got kicked. I'm sorry. That's your problem. That's your problem. We did the political ass kicking. You guys didn't wanna listen. We told you defund the police and men in the women's room was a stupid freaking idea. We told you to close the border and stop printing money. You gave us the double barrel middle finger, did you not? Therefore we fought back with Donald Trump and we won. Do not let them take over with this narrative. You have the power now you are in charge. It's getting a little already after this resounding victory. What is that? I saw my friend Dili. What'd he say? The Doomers. The Doomers are already out there.


Oh my gosh, it's over. We lost Gay. Oh my what? Shut up. Stop the bullshit. It was exactly what you saw last week and a couple weeks ago. It was a kick ass victory. And yes, you should celebrate it. We haven't even started the fund yet. I promise you. The funds just begun. I wanna get one other thing outta the way too. Mike Rogers. There was a rumor and it was a rumor was in the running for the FBI director slot. I strongly endorsed Cash Patel for that spot. Deep State operatives on social media are trying to get Mike Rogers in there and they're playing people for fools.


If you fell for that, I can't help you. This is not your show, okay? If you fell for the online campaign through Deep State accounts on X and you know who they are to get Mike Rogers in there, you got Suckered I. Don't know Mike Rogers I. Don't wanna know Mike Rogers. Dan s Scavino. Who has, I mean if anyone has Trump's ear, it's him. He's gonna be his deputy chief of staff. Dan s Scavino has already said this is not happening. Now how do I know is what has two thumbs and is always right about deep state campaigns. This guy, this guy I, told you there was a social media campaign to get cash outta there and get this guy in.


Okay? Rogers, a lot of you didn't believe me. Now you're seeing it. How do we know Rogers was gonna be the wrong pick for the FBI? Because of the Dan Bonino axiomatic theory of measuring your opponent's reactions. If your political enemies like Spygate, captain Andy McCabe, love Mike Rogers, then what should you do? Chas? Bring it. Kids. We should not like him then. You are correct. Here's deep stain. Andy McCabe like, yeah man, Mike Rogers would be awesome. He is someone who's experienced at the FBI he just ran for for Senate in Michigan and almost won, lost to Alyssa slot in there.


If, if Trump named him as the next FBI director, how would you feel about that? Caitlyn? I think Mike Rogers is a totally reasonable, logical selection for FBI Director. If in fact that's the decision president elect Trump makes He folks in the chat, I need your help here. I do. I'm, this is serious. I'm not being, I'm not trying to be an asshole. We got 155,000 people.


So this is a good little poll. Do you trust me? Yes or no? And. I'm gonna ask a que and I'm not mad at you in advance. I'm gonna look at some of it. If you don't, if you don't put in, just tell me why. Tell me why. 'cause I wanna know. I wanna know what I did wrong on this show that you don't trust me. I'm telling you, there is a very serious deep state online influencer campaign to stop Cash Patel from shaking up the FBII know this for a fact. They want their guy in there and they are gonna do anything to get him in there. Now you hear Andy McCabe, the guy who ran the FBI with Comey, when they spied on Trump going, ah, that's our guy.


You don't hear him talking about Cash Patel do you? Oh, oh, they're talking about Cash Patel. What are they saying? Get this mother out of there right away. We don't want him in there guys. Please man, I'm not wasting your time. I love you guys a lot, man. You mean the world to me. I promise you, man, I ain't doing this shit for the money no more. You can go look that stuff up. I'm just trying to help. I don't want anything from anyone. I'm not asking for anything. Please trust me. I'm not saying cash is the only guy. There are other guys that cash I think is the best guy. He gets it. He's been public about it. He put his reputation on the line about it.


This is not personal. Rogers was not the guy. There is a big time social media campaign campaign. Anybody, anybody hiding on there pretending like Oh? yeah, this guy. And I'm not, I again, I can't say this enough. I am all for anonymity online. You do. You have not. That's not what this is about. It's about pretending to be one of us and hiding behind anonymity. That's my only issue. I wanna be absolutely clear on that. I'm no one anybody. You don't wanna tell anybody you, that is your business. That's why I advertise VPNs and everything else. I'm all for it. Free speech anonymous free speech. 100%. I just don't want you working for the deep state effing with our people and pretending you're one of us.


That's bullshit. And you know what you're doing. Please trust me. Alright, enough. I'm just, I've, I'm really passionate about this folks. We don't clean up the FBI. It's all dead. And why is this, this whole online campaign get depressing against these guys. Depressing because the deep state's power folks is still growing. We still got a couple months left of this shit until Trump swears in. I'll show you what I mean in a second. They're just outright giving us the middle finger now.


Yeah, but how about your jawline? How about he's like doing a gee now he wants to, he, you know what? What he said, can you guys hear him over the mic? He goes, Dan, how about your jawline? Now if you don't get that, you'd be like, what the hell does that have to do with the deep state? Well reality check everyone look at your jawline. You stole that from Giva. It's okay. It's okay. It's that sagging jawline and double chin that could give your age away. Introducing Genus cell Skin Care's Jawline Treatment With dual peptides and MDL technology gen cells most advanced ever. The jawline treatment not only helps tighten saggy jawline jawline, but it helps plump the layers of the skin to contour, define and sculpt the jawline and neck area within minutes. Paula loves this stuff. you know, people go abroad and spend thousands of dollars getting rid of s sagging, jawlines and double chins. They should try Genus cell 'cause no one else has the technology. And with Genus cell immediate effects, you could see tightening in minutes and the results get better every day. Just in time for the Christmas and holiday season. Save over 70% off genus cell's Complete skincare package featuring the jawline treatment and genu cell's immediate effects. You'll even get the Genus cell XV wrinkle treatment included for Christmas in the holidays. Go to Genus cell dot com slash dan today. GN UCL start looking years even decades younger. For those family get togethers, Genus cell dot com slash dan is a special holiday gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers, all orders automatically upgraded to free priority shipping. That's Genus cell dot com slash dan Genus cell dot com slash Dan.


There you go. You like how we just totally fleeced that from gig? He is out today. I don't think he's playing Dungeons and Dragons or whatever he is up to is. What is he doing by the way? Is he out? He flashing blood. He plays for, he had Trump sign one of his cards. That's like his prize possession now when he fleshing boo He did at the thing. He signed one of the cards. Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty cool. Born in Oregon. He's in, he's in Oregon. Yeah. Oh my gosh. He flew across the country. So if you see him at this flesh and blood thing, say hello. You see you can't miss him. He'll say hello and that's it. He'll never say another word to you. Gee is a man of few words. Okay, back to the show. Why is this all depressing? When I say all depressing, I don't mean every, I'm happy about the way everything, I'm ecstatic about everything way everything's going.


But the deep states power is still growing. And I get depressed. A little bit about what's going on online. These sabotage campaigns against actual change agents because it takes so much effort to fight back against it when the comeback is nothing but bs. Okay here, this is a short one. So Christopher Ray, the FBI director and Alejandro Mayorkas, our corrupt DHS director, they were told to come testify in front of Congress. They have to go. They basically just flipped Congress off. That's it. They gave 'em the middle finger and said we're not going and what's gonna happen? Nothing. That's why, because they're sensing right now. If they don't fight back now and start to like with Trump proof the next, the next four years that there's gonna be some serious, as I said to a friend last night, the people coming in know where the bodies are buried and they all got shovels and that's what they're afraid of.


That's why Ray and my or are hiding, watch this. Welcome back quick update. The Senate hearings on the threats to the homeland has been postponed indefinitely. Senator Rand Paul says, Mayorkas and Ray are refusing to provide public testimony. They're just not showing up folks. So again, work boots gotta get back on and we gotta get back to work. I want these guys up there right now. I want them on the record. There's still two months to go and the Biden team can do a lot of damage. The deep state smear campaigns folks do not fall for. Can we go outta order a little bit here? Can we put Pelosi up first? I wanna show you something. This video was sent to me by a friend yesterday. I played it before on the show.


It's, it's old, it's not new folks. They are so terrified that people coming into these cabinet positions know where the bodies are buried and they got shovels, brothers and sisters that they are doing anything to smear them. It's what happened to Gates. I wish we could have kept, but we didn't have the numbers. And that is on them, those centers we put up there. But I promise you they're going to come for Pete Hegseth next. Listen to me again. I'm asking you as a friend, do you trust me? Do you trust me? Pete is the guy. Is he the only guy? No.


Is he the best guy for the job? I believe so. I've known Pete a long time. He is the guy. They are going to come for him next. Do not let it happen. He's a decorated member of our military with a history of heroism on the record. He's a good man. Folks, every single person nominated for everything has baggage. I'm sorry. It just is the way it is. Fallible. Human beings make mistakes all the time. It does not mean that they should be kept out of leadership positions when they can be change agents because of mistakes.


It was an issue with Pete and allegation that he handled years ago. Of course they're trying to smear him. Here's Nancy Pelosi years ago talking about what they call the wrap up smear. Smear. Where you just launch something into the media, you throw a shit grenade and then you walk away from it and just let the liberal media destroy people's lives. That's what happened at Gates and that's what's happening to Pete. And do not let it happen. You wanna hear Nancy Pelosi explain herself. The wrap up smear. Check this out. It's a self-fulfilling problem. You demonize and then you, we call it the wrap up smear. If you wanna talk politics, you call it the wrap up smear. You smear somebody with falsehoods and all the rest and then you merchandise it and then you write it and they'll say, see, it's reported in the press that this, this, this and this.


So they have that validation that the press reported the smear. And then it's called the wrap up smear. Now I'm gonna merchandise the press press's report on the smear that we made. I mean, what else could you possibly need to hear? This is what the Democrats do. They launch a shit grenade into the media. Oh, we heard about this allegation 10 years ago. Really? What came of the allegation? Oh, nothing. It was just an allegation. I can allege anything. I can allege that Nancy Pelosi has a Martian DNA. It's an allegation. I believe it. Justin goes, I believe it. Hey, I'll start an online campaign on social media.


Martian DNA. It doesn't mean it's true. And folks, again, for those of my haters on the left, I want you to go back and do me a favor. Oh Dan, you're just saying that 'cause it's Pete bullshit. Go yourself. That's bullshit. And you know it. When your boy, Andrew Cuomo, the far left radical governor of New York had accusations leveled against him. I want you to go look back on. But was was I I was on I. think I was on outnumbered on Fox or one of those shows. Or Harris Faulkner. I defended him. Dan, you defended a liberal Democrat. I defended him 'cause he's a citizen of the United States. And what Did I say, I said, they're allegations.


I don't like Andrew Cuomo at all. Like, not even a little bit, but he is entitled to due process. Pete got that due process. There was not a charge filed and he handled it. That's it. This is bullshit. This is what they do. Here's my friend Pete And I. Don't tell you this. He's a friend. I tell you this. He's a good man. Don't let them destroy this guy too. Don't, don't. President Trump has picked his team. That's the end of it. Here's Pete up on Capitol Hill addressing this, handling it like he should check this out.


I want thank the president of the United States for this amazing, humbling opportunity to nominated, not take what I just wanna thank you Vice President of the United States Chief Advance. We spent the morning waving me and senators in the United States. We take very seriously advice and consent that the US Senate has. We look forward to engage in that process. We take absolutely nothing for granted and we owe the opportunity to talk to any senator that wants to talk to us. Did you sexually assault California? I have. As far as the media's concerned, I, it's very simple. The matter was fully investigated. And. I was completely clear.


And that's from the legal. Thank you very much Folks. We have already put establishment picks up there in 2016 who had amazing resumes. We did. And what happened? They abandoned us. I want people up there with amazing resumes who know what they're doing and are willing to be leaders in a tough time. He's one of them. I don't want, you're never gonna believe this. Coming up next, you may actually believe this. There's a big controversy about this clip. 'cause we're still not convinced it's real. We're not. Justin's like I I'm with you brother. I sent him this clip yesterday from the view of Sonny Hostin having to read another legal disclaimer on the air.


And he's like, that's the one from the other day. I go, I thought so too. Do you believe the view had an issue with correction on the air? Again, this story, this on the same freaking story. Do you believe this shit, folks, this, I promise you this is not ai. This is the craziest I got that I I I also CNN going after Tulsi with the wrap up. Shamir don't go anywhere. Big show left. Get your friends in here. Let's blow up the audience today.


Hey on MyPillow, a large retail store just canceled a big order. But you know what? MyPillow is gonna make that work for you. Why? Because for the first time ever you get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488. But it gets better for a limited time. They can offer their entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get Queen-sized my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to King for only a dollar more. Get the body pillows. I use one of those for 29 88 and multi-Use my pillows for only 9 88. Go to mypillow.com. Use promo code DANCO 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 to take advantage of wholesale pricing for the first time ever and receive free shipping on orders over $75. Also orders placed between now and December 25th will have their 60 day money back guarantee extended through March 1st, 2025. There are limited quantities of this price. The limit's gonna be 10 when they're gone. They're gone. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan once again, that's mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan to get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest priced ever.


And our last sponsor today before the View again, the world's on edge. Right now we see the media stoke animosity, the point of violence, the weaponization of the legal system and political instability. You have no idea what's coming. Next's twice they trained And I use I target Pro folks, this system is topnotch. Stay trained, stay ready. It uses a laser round and an app so you can practice safely with your firearm, your actual firearm, and the privacy and convenience of your own home. I Target Pro comes in most calibers from nine millimeter. 2, 2, 3 train with almost any firearm competitive shooters. Military, police, special ops guys rely on dry fire drills as part of their training. That's why I do too. Folks I love. I target. You gotta practice your site picture your site alignment. It's no good to have a firearm if you're no good with it. Not only that, I Target Pro saves you a ton of money. you know, m mo fees, gas, get into the range and wait online and train in your own home range is valuable. But you gotta train a lot. Go to train with bonino.com. Go today. You're gonna love this system. Save 10%. Get free shipping on your I targett Pro system and a lot of knockoffs out there. Don't be fooled. Get the original dry fire training system that works. Train with bonino.com. Train safe, train smart train with me. Train with I target. Train with bonino.com is the website train with bonino.com. Pick it up today. Get proficient. You're gonna love it. Watch how quickly your groups tighten up out there.


Okay, back to the show. It happened again. This is not a remake of the other day. You wanna talk about how the wrap up schmear works? Here's the problem. That Fox case has a lot of people scared over the whole it does now the media people are freaking out. Here is Sonny Hostin having to make a correction again about gates at Hegseth showing you measure your reaction. We're in the right, they're in the wrong. Check this out. Oh, Sorry. Legal note. I have a legal note. Matt Gates has long denied all allegations and has not been charged with any crime. Yeah, gates previously dismissed allegations that he paid for sex. Saying that quote, someone is trying to recategorize my generosity to ex-girlfriends as something more untoward.


Another legal note, Pete Hegseth lawyer said he paid the woman in 2023 to head off the threat of a baseless lawsuit. He has denied any wrongdoing. Just call the show Legal note from now on. Or really long music, we'll be right back. That is not the same correction. We had to check the clothing, we had to check the AI feature folks. We are in the right, they are in the wrong. They are freaking out and smearing people. Because, they don't have anything else. Double down gas pedal to the floor. 9,000 RPMs. And please, folks, we've got a lot going on. There are, can I just mentally prepare you if I'm saying this too much?


Shut me down and chase you say, Dan, shut up. We get it. Hey, I I I won't take it personal. I just wanna reiterate there, there are going to be other scalps. And I don't necessarily even mean in the nomination process. I just mean politically. Donald Trump could be the most powerful policy. He could have won 50 outta 50 states. Not every single thing is gonna go through without a hitch. It doesn't mean he politically lost. It just means it's part of the process. You rock him, sock him, robots, and you flood the zone. And eventually you're gonna get a wide receiver downfield and score the touchdown. That's it. Don't get all depressed about this stuff. Stay active.


Stay frosty. Stay on your senators. Keep up the fight. But please don't be one of these doomers online. I know that's not you. I, we sound like an asshole. But you see people online, they're already like ready to throw in the towel. Stop. Stop. Q t even don't know what Matt Gates is up to. Man. He could be, there could be another spot in a recess. Ready for him. Stay tuned. I want you to watch this. I want you to see, I want you to watch CNN here. Put this again, the smear into action. Now news outlets are supposed to be fierce defenders of the Bill of Rights in the First Amendment. They're specifically mentioned freedom of the press in the First Amendment.


Notice they don't mention cops, sanitation workers, pilots. You don't have a special carve out in the first amendment. The media does. They are supposed to be at the tip of the spear of free speech. This is one of the most amazing clips you'll ever see. They're coming after Tulsi. Next, the smears are gonna come out. I promise you. They're gonna come out for DNI, nominee, director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, who again I support. I trust the Trump vision on what he wants to do with government. Period. If I didn't, I wouldn't have voted for him. Here's CNN. Unbelievably upset that tulsi stands against government surveillance of American citizens from an actual media.


Justin Levi, this actually happened. Listen to this. She's Also been a long time critic of American actions abroad and specifically how intelligence agencies gather information. Here's some of that new reporting from CNN's Katie, bill Willis, Jeremy Herb, and Daniel Strauss. Quote, where she is perhaps most at odds with the agencies she soon be tasked with leading is her distrust of broad government surveillance authorities and her support for those willing to expose some of the intelligence community's most sensitive secrets. It's also where she may come into conflict with Trump's own past record.


And You see it, the Nancy Pelosi, the wrap up smear. Oh, met. That's what's gonna make the whole thing about the whole thing. The smears are coming. Just plow straight ahead. We may lose ano a legal issue, a political issue. We may lose another person. Don't get depressed about it. Fight, fight, fight. Like freaking hell. But don't let one loss set you back here. Can I? I know I'm beating this thing up. Forget it. One quick thing. I'm sorry. One more. You notice how the Democrats I told you were gonna regroup right away. They just took one of the worst electoral beatings they've ever taken in their life.


You think they're sitting on their asses? No. The New York Times already right in stories telling you you didn't see what you saw. It wasn't a landslide. I can look at the numbers. That's, that's, that's other kids. Wait, be you. It's right. You see, they want to demoralize you. Please don't fall for it. Why? Because folks, Biden has two more months. I'm not even sure he's running the White House. We'll just call it the Biden regime 'cause I'm no one's even sure he's running the White House anymore. The Biden regime has two more months to destroy the country. We gotta stay on our toes and stay frosty. We can't get bogged down in any one thing. There is a major, major scandal brewing. They are trying to pack the country full of more illegals in the next two months.


And if You don't think they can get couple hundred thousand, maybe a million more people in here to, for their demographic destiny argument. That's their argument. I can play the clip for you then. You are wrong. Did you hear about what they're doing with this app now that now you just gotta log on the app You into the country illegally. You don't even have to check in. You think they would've learned their lesson from Lake and Riley and others? No. You doubt me. Here, listen to Fox on this. Check this out. Biden Administration is quietly loosening immigration policies before Trump takes offense. This according to the New York Post it reports the administration is testing a new app that will allow illegal migrants to bypass in-person check-ins at their local ice office.


Did I not tell you about the schism? The schism on the left. Forget about us for a minute. We won. There are immigration open borders liners who understand the only path to winning politically in the future is what they call, they call demographic destiny. The schism on the left. The far lefties have not moderated a bit since the landslide. They've gone crazier. Listen to your boy, I'm not bullshitting you. They are not moderating at all. They're telling the Biden team, Hey man, we gotta get more illegals in here. Not less. And it's happening right now.


It's why we gotta dust off and get ready to go. Why Because? they know folks. They are in real trouble in the future. Here's the good news. It's a Friday show. This isn't the last story. I got a lot more for you, but I wanna, that's why I don't wanna say leave you, but you need to pay attention. I teased this story yesterday. I'm gonna take a minute on this 'cause this. Get everybody in here. Everybody tell a friend, they need to hear this. This is gonna be the best story you hear all day. Real clear politics. Was this in the show notes? It was yesterday. I think bonino.com/newsletter. You can access our, our show notes. You need to read this article by Daniel McCarthy in real clear politics. It is so good. The title.


Pay attention to this. Why Democrats are losing tomorrow's elections today. Folks, you think this landslide was bad? I've got news for you. I don't wanna get in crazy and get ahead of ourselves. We're still dealing with the transition hasn't even happened yet. I mean, he's not sworn in. But leave this up a second. The future only looks worse for Democrats. Why? Because the next census, which is coming up, when is the next one? Guys can, can someone look that up? When's the next? It happens every 10 years, but the next one, California is on track to lose four congressmen. New York's gonna lose three Illinois, two Oregon, Minnesota, and Rhode Island.


They're gonna be down one. What do all those states have in common? Hold on, we're scratching our heads. Oh shit. They're all liberal blue states. Yes. Really? They're gonna lose a bunch of congressmen and electoral seats. Who's gonna gain them? Oh my gosh, look at this. Texas is gonna pick up four Florida, three Idaho, Utah, and Tennessee. Each adding one. Michael, what are those states have in common? Florida, Utah, Idaho Freedom. That's good. That's why we pay him the big bucks. I was waiting for him to say they're red. He said freedom. You're damn right folks. The Democrats 2030. We are right around the corner from this.


The Democrats are Ft. Please understand the reason the open border and demographic destiny, which they discuss all the freaking time matters to them, is because people are emptying out of liberal states in droves. And they are moving to conservative ones. Not only, keep in mind the house is flipped back and forth within about a 10 or less member thing a couple times. Meaning the margins in the House of Representatives for majority are thin. If California loses four seats and in Texas and Florida get a combined seven, ladies and gentlemen, there's a chance the Democrats may lose the house for 30, 40 years.


The presidency, they're finished the electoral college. We're up. We're almost at two 17 before the voting starts. You think they don't know this. This is why they are pouring illegal immigrants into the country. They talk about it all the time. We've got to stop this and illegals should not be counted in the next census period. You see why they fought against this? This is a huge scandal brewing right now. And by the way, for all the Republican rhinos who were, you know, making a big stink about Gates and Tulsi and Pete and Bobby Kennedy who voted for these other hacks, did you vote for this loser?


Here's Javier Baia, sometimes known as Javier Brace. Do you know who he is? 'cause Joe Biden doesn't. Joe Biden. Joe Biden appointed him. Joe Biden calls him Javier Baia. It's not his name, bro. It's Javier Bera. Here's who he is. Joe Biden. He's your health and Human Services secretary. Here he is up on Capitol Hill. You wanna see a scandal about how bad the open border situation is. Do you realize they've been sex trafficking kids across the border and the address they're using for their homes are strip clubs? No, listen to yourself.


Are you familiar that in that report it revealed that children were pimped out by their aunt, which it turns out the aunt wasn't even related to the child. The so-called aunt, are you familiar with that story that was in there? There are a number of incidents that are reported in that, in that Florida report. Some of 'em I can probably recall better than others. Some of them I, I would challenge and dispute, but that one I don't remember. And do you remember the teenage girl that was in a house with unknown men with no private bedroom for her? Are you familiar with the sponsors that utilize a strip club in Jacksonville as an address for where this child, where a child should be settled?


Congress as I said, I, I don't have the information on that Florida Grand jury report in front of me. I certainly can go back and take a look at it and try to get back to you. Strip clubs, sending young females into homes with multiple males without separate bedrooms. Yeah, I wonder why they're doing that. you think the Democrats give a shit? No, folks, they're pushing to fly more illegals into the country. You think this landslide changed their mind? The schism it changed the moderate's minds, the carville's or the fake moderates. But you get my point. They classify themselves that way. You are gonna see Van Jones and others try and bring these people over. The lefties are going to go crazy like crazy pills.


Freaking nuts. That's why it's time for us to dust off and get right back in this fight. Don't let anyone issue bog you down. Anything, anything. Keep the agenda in mind. People are gonna be, you're gonna walk straight ahead. People are gonna be throwing stuff at you spitting on you. The goal is that there's the finish line right there. We've got two years to get it done. If We can fix this thing and fix voter ID and close the border, that real clear politics article, which I saw Justin just added to today's newsletter, if you wanna read it, bonino.com/newsletter, it's free. Of course. Read it. The future ladies and gentlemen is so bright, I have never felt so good.


I'm not pumping sunshine up your ass, man. I promise. Between if We can get a hold of ai, the, the CRISPR technology in medicine developments in cancer treatments, the developments we've had all over the place with material sciences and, you know, computational computing and, and quantum physics and all of this stuff, the electoral dynamics changing in the country. The Trump phenomenon, black voters and Hispanic voters, finally seeing how much we've wanted them and welcome them. The country is gonna be so much different, but it's all, all And I mean. All of it is gonna hinge on the next two years.


We have got to, I had Mike Leon the other day. I I we're gonna put it on our weekend interview show on the podcast. If you missed it on the radio, please listen to it. He talks about how they can use reconciliation in the Senate to push forward so many amazing things. I promise you the future is bright. I got a lot more here. Don't go anywhere. But I want you to enjoy yourself this weekend. But just understand the fight is on the left, is already dusted off and they're right back in it. Folks, the culture war is so important here too. Changing the culture over the next two years is gonna be pivotal. Andrew Breitbart was a genius. He said once politics is downstream of culture, folks, he was not kidding.


The culture has to change. And when I say culture, I hate when I say that. And I'm not specific. The culture of fear that has surrounded the MAGA movement. I'm not talking about the 176,000 people here in the chat right now. You guys all got balls. There are a lot of people who were afraid. They're the fence sitters. They didn't wanna wear the MAGA hat. People asked him who they supported. They were like, they'd have to caveat it. Well, you know, I would vote for Donald Trump, but I don't like they, they're the fence sinners. We need them. I wish we didn't. But as you're seeing what happened with Gates, unfortunately the softy squish, we need them. It's a numbers game. Don't get emotional spreadsheets only.


Spreadsheets only spreadsheets only. Don't get emotional about this shit or else you're gonna get burned. We need these people for the numbers. I wish we didn't, but we do. The only way we're going to get them to see the light. We only have a what, two seat majority in the house right now. We can't lose these people, folks, is we have to change the culture so that the culture of fear works in the other direction. That they understand where the majority now and that they're afraid of going against the majority opinion. Do you understand what I'm saying?


The culture is changing these little Trump dance things. This is a huge deal. This is not a small deal, folks. I don't care about politics in sports or entertainment at all. I don't actually, I'd rather it not be there at all. But that's not my fault. I did not introduce politics into sports and entertainment. Sports and entertainment people did by jamming Colin Kaepernick in her face and his socks with cops depicted as pigs. So if there's gonna be sports and politics, then you're damn right that I'm gonna sit there and clap my hands when a couple of guys wanna do the Trump dance. They ain't jamming it down anybody's throat.


They're not asking the NFL to put Black Lives Matter on Trump. Lives matter on the field. Here's Scott Jennings on CNN addressing exactly this point. It ain't us who brought politics into this. It's the left and now they don't like it that a couple people do the Trump dance. Tough shit. Check this out. The Trump dance is, it's kind of, it's it's weird. It's new-ish and it's ridiculous. So, which also makes it trendy and catchy, right? Yeah. It's like, it's like a TikTok dance. Yeah, it is, right? And, and so I, you know, I I don't, I don't think that's gonna be something that players are gonna be doing into next year. It's just kind of something new that players are doing and they all at, you know, when when you make a play, you celebrate, you wanna do something that's fun and trendy and, and they're doing the Donald Trump dance.


'cause that's the fun and trendy thing right now. I don't think it's right to equate this Trump dance, which I agree with you. It's kind of a fun, trendy thing that's going on with the overt political statements that some players were attempting to make, but then also these whole sort of cultural movements that were built around some of these players to try to force everyone else to participate in it. I, I see these things as totally different. I don't see these players necessarily participating in politics as much as they are just sort of participating in the current pop culture. I think they're two totally, totally different things. And these players are not out there trying to browbeat their teammates and into adjoining them if they don't want to. You see why this bothers them? I hope I'm explaining this succinctly, but accurately because it matters, these visual representations that it's safe to go in the water again.


Oh look, I was afraid to call myself a Trump supporter. Now my favorite NFL tight end is doing the Trump dance. Maybe I can go out with my MAGA hat. Do you see? Oh man, I wish we would've had that person dancing video. Do we have the dancing video or the guy, the guy social channel? Yeah. Do we have that? Can you find that for me? I hate to ask you last minute. We only got a two more down one guy today, but I wanna show you if he can pull it up. I wanna show you his video. The Culture Happens. You ever read that book on Killing? It's a, it's a book about actual killing and war and, and the history of it. It's an amazing book. It's called On Killing. It's one of, it'll change your life, right? It's written by I was it Dan Grossman? Is that his name?


Ama? Forgive me if I'm getting a title wrong. I'm pretty sure that's it. The book talks about sheeps sheep, dogs and wolves. You guys were the sheep dogs. Okay? You were you. Okay, cool. I'll play it in a second. You guys were the sheep dogs. You were you all out there were the sheep dogs. You were protecting people's freedoms even when people didn't wanna protect it themselves. This was you, the crazy guys dancing and you were the first person to jump in and dance with 'em. Everybody else was like, I'm not going to dance with that other guy. Look man, he looks weird. That's all silly. But then another sheep dog comes in and is like, you know what? Here he is like, ah, I'm gonna dance with these two guys. And then you're gonna see what happens.


Once the two sheep dogs protect him, other sheep start coming in because it's safe. And then more sheep realize it's safe. Because, they see people dancing, whether in the end zone or in the UFC rig. And then everybody else on the outside realizes, Hey, why was I being a sheep? I should have been a sheep dog too, because the sheep dog movement looks pretty cool. And I don't wanna be a dork. And now look, there's more and then there's more, and then there's more and then more. And then all of a sudden everybody realizes shit, I'm in the minority not being with the sheep and the sheep dog here. So I don't wanna be a sheep anymore. I want to be a sheep dog too. That is one of the most powerful videos at that music festival you'll ever see. It is not the first person dancing that changes the world.


It isn't. It's the first person that jumps in and makes it safe for everyone else. That was you. And. I. Love you for it. No, that was you. And you should all take a bow. I know. Self praise stinks. But you deserve it right now. I'm serious. Pat yourself on the back. Four years ago when everybody dumped on Donald Trump, eh, garbage candy. Terrible. We need someone else. What did you say? Bullshit. I'm standing behind this guy in this movement. There's something there. And you know what? There was something there. There was something there, and you guys were the sheep dogs. But please, if you notice in that video, the guys dancing don't go, Hey, don't come join us in the dance. We were hearing you guys were sitting down. They don't do that.


We need the numbers. They're different than you. Yes, they were sheep when you were sheep dogs, but we need them. Don't get emotional about it folks. Spreadsheets. Only if We can add them as a plus. One. Take it because we need it. The real world sucks sometimes, but it's about a numbers game. I wanna play this clip for you too, 'cause it matters. This is why CNN is freaking out about Elon. What does Elon have to do with this? Ladies and gentlemen, Elon provided the platform by which we could show you that video, Dan, it's on Rumble. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about Elon made it safe to talk about free speech again, which made it cool to be against cancel culture and not cool to be the canceler.


This is why they're terrified that Elon's platform is becoming more representative of what America looks like. They loved it when it was 75% or so liberal and everybody was like, oh my gosh, look, it's a good dorks dancing. Ah. Then all of a sudden, Elon buys it. Normal people are allowed to speak again. And then people realize, holy shit, 50% of the crowd really is like me. Listen to this C Nnn segment. You'll see this is one of the most important things we've ever discussed. Change the, change the culture. You change the politics. Don't change the culture you're gonna lose every time. Watch CNN freaking out that that Twitter now looks like all of us, not just liberal America. Check this out. So The reason, one of the big reasons he bought Twitter slash x is because he wanted to make it his own platform, remake it in his own image.


And I think this really gets at it. Look at this. The party ID among those who regularly use x slash Twitter for news back in 2022. 65% of those who regularly use Twitter slash x for news, were Democrats, just 31% were Republicans. Look at where we are today. Just a completely different picture now. It's basically split between Democrats at 48%. Republicans at 47%. And what I should note, Mr. Berman, is this. Now, this new overall makeup matches the overall electorate. Far better And more than that. More than that. John, look at where Mr. Musk's net worth is today versus where it was just two months ago. He is the richest man in the world by far. Two months ago, look at this, his net worth was 252 billion.


Look at where we are today. 314 billion. He is by far the richest man ever to be on this planet. So yes, he's not as popular. Yes, Twitter slash x perhaps is not as popular, but it's a much different platform. One that more represents Elon Musk, let's say, political instincts. And he is now a far wealthier man. You see how they gotta think a shot at him and imply this is all about money. Elon, I think, is losing money on Twitter. The guy has been a warrior for free speech. What he did to change Twitter changes the culture because what you believed was true before in an artificially inflated platform where it wasn't safe to dance because you thought you were only one quarter of the population.


What he changed it to more adequately represent America. And now 50% of people realize it's safe to go up and dance. Folks, it's gonna go down as a just a generational seismic shift in American politics. And, I, gotta tell you, listen, I'm an equity holder in Rumble. I love it, but we owe Elon a debt of gratitude. I, I love Chris and Rumble too, but what he did, it's gonna change the country. I promise you. It's a big deal. Folks, thank you so much. Huge crowd today. We had a little technical hiccup yesterday. Fixed it quick. We were still number one. News live stream in the world. Thank you so much. Please do us one favor this weekend. Take some time. It's up to you, but we'd really appreciate it. Go to the app store wherever you are and download the Rumble app.


It's free. And just give us a follow. The Dan, Bongino Show. Join us live every day for the chat at 11:00 AM and Apple and Spotify. We dropped a little bit on Spotify. We was a lot of, we peaked out a little, so we'd love your help over there. Go to Spotify, please follow The Dan Bongino Show. It's free and on Apple Podcast too. We so deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in a little bit, and back here, live Monday at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan, Bongino Show.