
Good morning, happy Friday, and welcome to VINCE. Always so good to have you with us. Whether you're listening on the podcast or watching us live rumble.com/ VINCE, the live chat already spitting fire this morning. Great to have you with us always. And coming up. I am so thoroughly excited about this topic that we're gonna jump into. We've got a lot of great topics to jump into, but we have news right now out of this trade war between China and the United States. That is starting to definitely go our way. I will break down all of the latest developments there and how the president of the United States does have the Chinese Communist Party in a headlock right now. Pretty good stuff, including some things that your media, our media not talking about at all.


I will get into that. Also, Tom Holman, have you seen what he's up to? He was asked a really important question, and the look on his face gave us some really amazing answers. This week, we've got that. Also the President announcing that we're finally gonna be defunding P-B-S-N-P-R. I'm telling you, I've got more than I can even handle today. So let's dive right into it.


Coming up after our word from this sponsor who I wanna share with you, I love our sponsors because they keep this show b show alive. If there's something all of us can believe in, it's hard work. Self-reliance showing up for the people who count on us. But a while back, I hit a wall, I was getting terrible sleep, and then I was dragging myself through the next day on fumes. I knew I had to find something to break me outta that cycle, and that's what I found. Beams Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America, run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, delivering results. It's a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients that are shown to improve sleep, so you actually can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients, reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin. And here's the deal. Beam is giving you the ultimate patriot discount of up to 40% off. Try their bestselling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time. Put it in your house, it's in mind. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show, use the code, VINCE Show at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/ VINCE. Show and use the code. VINCE show for up to 40% off.


Hey, let's, let's talk about what's going on in the world with China right now, fellas, because China, there's a, there's an amazing piece of information coming out overnight that China is now ready to start talking. China is ready to start talking. Here's what we have from China. China says that they wanna make a deal as of this morning. They say that they're assessing U US talks now, and they're hinting at a possible thaw. Look at this from Bloomberg this morning. China says it's assessing us, talks, hinting at possible thought. China said. It is now assessing the possibility of trade talks with the United States.


The first sign since Donald Trump hiked tariffs last month, that negotiations could begin between the two sides. China's commerce set Ministry said in a Friday statement that it is noted senior US officials have repeatedly expressed their willingness to talk to Beijing about tariffs. And they're now urging officials in Washington to show sincerity towards China. The ministry saying, quote, the US has recently sent messages to China through relevant parties hoping to start talks with China. China is currently evaluating this now. You can tell by the way they've written this statement. They're making it seem like that it's America who is desperate to come to the table. Here. We are desperate to get a deal going with China.


That is not the case. It is China who has so much more to lose here in this relationship. So dependent on access to the US market. And now China is begging to get at to the negotiating table while trying to save face in a statement like that. They want relief. And here is why we are watching the economic indicators this week, leading to massive, massive upset in China. China is having trouble. I told you earlier this week, that China's factory activity has slowed down to 16 month lows. Take a look at this CNBC report.


China's factory activity has dropped to nearly two year lows in April. In the midst of these trade tariffs that the president has imposed on them, has reciprocated on them. As a result of China's war on the United States, China's manufacturing activity has fallen more than expected to a 16 month low sliding into contractionary territory in April, as the escalating trade war with the United States hurts bilateral trade, China's factory activity has contracted beyond even expectations. Meaning right now, things are slowing to a dramatic halt inside of China, which has a massive, massive population of people who work for ungodly low wages at these factories inside of communist run China.


And they've got nothing to work on, and they're not getting paid. The money's not coming in and nothing is being built. Something really, really big is happening right now in China, so big that it includes angry Chinese workers now taking to the streets of China. China daily. Caller headline, China erupts furious Workers Riot as factories collapse under Trump's tariffs. So, so listen here. What is going on in my head, fellas? Hold up a second.


Okay. I dunno what the hell's going on in my ears. I can The audience, audience is not hearing feedback here, right? I don't think they are. It was just me. Okay, that's, sorry about that. I, I, I just need to apologize. I'm getting weird feedback loops today. Here we have workers throughout China are flooding the streets in revolt. As US President Donald Trump's tariffs slam the fragile Chinese export economy from the cramped streets of Sichuan in the southwest to the cold outskirts of inner Mongolia in the northeast. Furious workers are demanding back pay and protesting mass layoffs as factories shutter under pressure from Trump's tariffs outside an LED light manufacturing plant Near Shanghai, thousands of unpaid workers shouted furiously at company managers over wages that have not been paid since January in central China's Dow County, a similar scene as unfolded outside of a sporting goods store after the company abruptly shut down last week without paying its employees.


And that continues to other sectors of China where you have construction workers climbing onto rooftops and threatening to jump if their wages are not paid. This comes after a huge drop in China's exports. Now at their lowest since the Covid lockdowns, Goldman Sachs is estimating up to 16 million Chinese jobs could vanish like that. As Trump's tariffs bite deeper into the regime's weak underbelly, the tariffs placed on China are having their intended effects in President Trump. So you're watching now as the workers are beginning to revolt threatening suicide in China. You think this is good for Xi Jinping?


You think this is good for the Chinese Communist Party? This is not good for them. Their tenuous, hold on power is made all the more tenuous by the people in their country now revolting, at least at their places of business over their circumstances, all of a sudden drying up. China has to figure out a way out of this. They've gotta navigate out here. And this is an area where the United States has immense leverage. Understand how these purchases work. I I just wanna give you a sense of this. I'm gonna place some Scott Beston audio for you in a moment to help you here. The, the Christmas season in China, in terms of, of American purchases starts right now.


All of the goods that are purchased in the United States that are manufactured in China. In order for them to get to us by November and December, those goods need to be purchased, manufactured and shipped right now, because that process can take anywhere between four to five months to occur. That is the pivotal season for manufacturing in terms of American imports from China. And right now, those factories are dormant right now. Those factories are getting crushed. In fact, here's the New York Times this week. They're already talking about China. Now. Now, pay attention to this story, because what's happening right now is the media is representing this as Trump's war on Christmas.


No, this is Trump defending us in a trade war. And the, the all, and this is how you get the media to talk about it at all, because they think they can use this as a cudgel against President Trump. Retailers fear toy shortages as Christmas tariffs at Christmas, rather as tariffs freeze supply chain. The New York Times reports toy makers and stores are freezing their holiday orders, predicting shortages and higher prices. Some are consulting bankruptcy lawyers fearing their firms won't survive. See what the New York Times is playing with here is they're trying to make this a story about how Trump is screwing over toy sellers here in the United States, when in fact, it's about President Trump sticking it to China. That's been sticking it to us and our economy for far too long.


President Trump's China tariffs are threatening Christmas. The New York Times Ludicrously says, look, just once again to reiterate Christmas, which is the recognition of the birth of Christ, is not threatened by holding China accountable for its wrongdoing. Obviously, toy makers, children's shops, specialty retailers are pausing orders for the winter holidays as the import taxes cascade through supply chains. Factories in China produce nearly 80% of all toys and 90% of Christmas goods sold in America. The pre production of toys and Christmas trees and decorations, usually in full swing by now, this takes four to five months to manufacture package and ship products to the United States.


Mr. Trump's 145% tariffs have caused a drastic markup in costs for American companies. Look at the game they're playing. They're not on our side. The New York Times is not on your side. This is supposed to be an American newspaper, and they are on the side of rooting for the CCP here attacking Trump and saying, this is hurting Americans. Most of the entrepreneurs that have shared their plans with the New York Times have not yet canceled their orders. They hope the President will back away from the tariff brinkmanship. But the alarm in the industry is palpable with the companies predicting product shortages and higher prices. Some business owners citing how crucial holiday sales are to their bottom lines are now consulting bankruptcy lawyers.


Bankruptcy lawyers. So this is hitting China right between the eyes, this particular move. So the President having some early success here in obtaining some leverage over the Chinese Communist Party in order to force them to the table. And I cited, I began here talking about how all of a sudden China is now begging for negotiations. Please talk to us. We'd like to make a deal. Please, please, please. Scott Besson, the treasury secretary, was on the, the Fox Business Network this morning, and he was talking about this very thing. What is China up to? What do they have to lose? Take a look here from Scott Besson Of weeks, a couple of months.


What's your timing, Mr. Secretary? Well, a again, Maria, as I said, the the Chinese need to deescalate these high tariffs because there is the equivalent of an embargo. And the Chinese business model is built on selling cheap goods to the us. They sell us about five times more than we sell them. So, You know, their factories are closing down as we speak. We're going into the holiday season. Orders are placed for that now. So if, if those orders aren't placed, it could be devastating for the Chinese, It could be devastating for the Chinese.


These orders are placed right now, right now. And, and we've got another announcement from the President yesterday that our media are not detecting, are not detecting at all as being super consequential for China. The President is about to pull off one of the most amazing triangulations I've ever seen him pursue. Take a look. This post from truth Social yesterday, president Trump saying the following, alert, all purchases of Iranian oil, pay attention to this. This is Iranian oil or petrochemical products must stop now.


Any country or person who buys any amount of oil or petrochemicals from Iran will be subject to immediately secondary sanctions. They will not be allowed to do business with the United States of America in any way, shape, or form. Thank you for your attention to this matter. President Donald J. Trump, who buys oil from Iran for the chat. Who is the biggest single purchaser of oil from Iran right now? Does anyone know? Anyone know the answer to that question? There it is. Vincent LaGuardia, Gambini. First in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.


Now the president of the United States is not saying China. Did you notice that in this true social post, the word China does not appear once in it. It just says anybody who purchases Iranian oil, anybody who search, who purchases petrochemical products from Iran must stop now. And If you keep buying that product, you will not be able to do business in the United States of America. Let me put a number on this for you. 90% of all of Iran's oil exports are to China. 90%. What is China? What is, what does Iran do with the money that China sends them?


What does Iran, what does Iran do with that money? They commit acts of terrorism. They pay all of their terror proxies to continue to wage war all across the planet. And certainly in the Middle East. That's what Iran is doing. Harassing our ships, harassing the shipping lanes, attacking Israel, attacking Americans who are out there. This Iran is doing all of this funding, all of this terror funded by China's oil imports from them. And so what can be achieved here? What is the President saying in this message? This deeply consequential message. He's saying, one, China, you wanna keep doing business with the United States?


Stop buying Iranian oil. Two, if you're gonna stop buying Iranian oil, guess where you might have to go to purchase energy from now on? How about the United States of America? How about you come to us? How about you start importing a lot of energy from the United States? And If you do that, then maybe I could drop some of these tariffs on you. Maybe we can come to a deal, maybe we can figure out a way this works out for everybody. This is the president working, I think, very smartly right now to give China a path out. He's not saying their name. He's letting them, he's almost letting them leave with their dignity here.


He's not threatening them directly by name, but China gets the message. 90% of all exports from Iran go right to China. So what is China gonna do with this information? Well, if they're smart, they're gonna look at it and go, okay, let's stop buying. Let's stop buying energy from Iran. Let's start buying it from the United States. Let's make this, let's structure this as a part of a deal so that these tariffs that Trump has imposed on us drop so that we can have some sort of relationship restored that works to our benefit and to the benefit of the United States. President Trump is triangulating multiple events all at once. He's convincing China to come to the table. He's allowing them to keep their dignity in the process. And he's, he's cutting off Iran from their chief financier, which is China, and he's gonna slow down the terror attacks and bring about a piece in the Middle East if he can pull off what is clearly built into this truth.


Social message. Are you seeing this too? Yeah. Isn't this good? This is, this is precisely what I want. This is precisely what I want. And that brings us to the breaking news this morning. I mentioned that overnight China wants to negotiate. They'd like a conversation, please. And now they've moved beyond merely wanting a conversation. Now they have quietly gotten rid of 25% of all of their tariffs on American imports.


This is Bloomberg. This morning, China's stealth exemptions. May amount to a quarter of all US imports China as of today. Friday has quietly started to exempt some US goods from tariffs that likely cover around $40 billion worth of imports in what looks like an effort to soften the blow of the trade war on its own economy. A list of exempted US products covering 131 items like pharmaceuticals, industrial chemicals has been circulating among traders and businesses over the past week. Some of these products had been previously reported by Bloomberg. It's unclear where the list came from, And it hasn't been officially confirmed, but at least half a dozen companies in China have been able to bring in goods from the list without paying tariffs according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified, discussing confidential information.


So we're already looking, do you? I mean, that's a massive number. 25% of the tariffs of their, of their imports from the United States. Amazing. Something fascinating is happening right now. And the president of the United States has forced China to come to the table. Chinese factories are slowing to a halt. Chinese workers are taking to the streets the Christmas season here in the United States, absolutely pivotal. And the President saying it's time to stop buying Iranian oil. And of course, start buying American energy.


Something really big is happening, and I'm very excited for it. I can't wait to see. I, I literally, I can't wait to see what the next few hours hold. That's how quickly all of this is moving. Okay? In a moment, I've got a lot to get to Tom Holman being asked a question about, Hey, when are you gonna start arresting Sanctuary city officials? Wait until you see this guy's answer. I can't wait to share this with you. It's coming up.


Hey, I've been noticed noticing, as we all do, as you get older, you try to figure out ways to stay younger and healthier. And you ask this basic question, how do you slow down aging so you can live longer, spend more time with the family? I'm so excited to share with you C 15 from fatty 15. It's the first essential fatty acid to be discovered in more than 90 years. Fatty 15, co-founder Dr. Stephanie Van Watson, discovered the benefits of C 15 while working with the US Navy to literally help improve the health of aging dolphins. How cool is that? And based on studies, we know that when our cells don't have enough C 15, they can age faster. Go ahead, look it up yourself. It's very cool, awesome science. And thankfully, fatty 15 can help repair age-related damage to cells, help protect them from future breakdown, and help activate pathways in the body that can help regulate our sleep, our mood, and natural repair mechanisms that support our overall wellness. Fatty 15 is a science back award-winning vegan 100% pure C 15 supplement. Fatty 15 is on a mission to optimize your C 15 levels to help you live healthier longer. You can get an additional 15% off of their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/ VINCE. And using the code, VINCE, at checkout. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Yes, indeed. Thanks again to fatty 15.


Here's a so, so let me just once again ask you, you happy with this? I'm pumped about this China thing. I love how this is going. I saw that report from CNBC earlier this week, and I go, Ooh, something interesting is happening here. All these factories are slowing up to nothing. Something really, really big is happening here. And the second Trump posted that truth, social item on blocking any country that continues to buy oil from Iran. I, I said it on the radio show yesterday. We were live when that came out. That truth social post came out yesterday. 12 to three Eastern time, by the way, nationwide, you can get that on rumble.com/ VINCE as well.


We do the show with the video camera on, I'm still here, I'm still doing the shows. We're live on it yesterday. The second I saw that, I said, that's China. He's talking about China. 90% of all of Iran's oil exports go right to China. It's a really big deal. So, we'll see. I don't think China, China doesn't want anymore heat. They've had enough. They're crying uncle right now. They're throwing in the towel. Please. No mosques. They said they've got a lot more to lose than we do. A lot more to lose than we do. Kind of cool, kind of cool. What's going on here? So yeah, the, the chat wants more, more, more. I don't blame it at all. I really want more as well. I'm, I'm looking forward to it. I really do think we're, we're talking minute by minute developments here.


Chi China is asshole. Thank you. Zobo. One of the great, one of the great posts. Lemme see if I can find that. I love that clip so much. Let, let's see, let's see. This, this clip has to exist somewhere. I know if I can, well, whatever. I'll find it. I'll find it, fellas, If you find it, text it to me. I'll pull it up on the screen. Okay, let me go to what's going on with Tom Holman right now, because that's, that story has me just absolutely riveted at the moment. Listen to, listen to this. So you've got Tom Holman standing outside of the White House this week, yesterday.


The borders are, and he was asked a really fun question. I'm glad somebody in the media asked this. I don't know. I don't even know who asked this question. They asked, why not just arrest all of the leaders who are harboring illegal aliens and shielding them from deportation, these sanctuary cities. Please watch Tom Holman's face as he gives this answer. Take a look. Here's Tom Holman. So the president signed an executive order just this week, threatening to defund sanctuary cities for the policies. Why not just arrest leaders who are harboring and shielding illegal aliens, actually, terrorists from deportation, Wait until you see what's coming, is the answer.


Let me, I'm just gonna look, look at this. Look at this. First of all, there's Tom Holman, the Bulldog, and all of a sudden the question starts coming. Why not just arrest the leaders who are harboring and shielding illegal aliens from deportation? Watch this little smile. Look at that. You see the mouth. It's subtle. It's very subtle. Look at that. Look at the smile. This Holman. It's hard to get home and to smile. Look at this fella. All of a sudden, boop. Little smile. Little smile. He's got something on his mind. He knows something that he is not sharing. Here we go To defund sanctuary cities for the policies. Why not just arrest leaders who are harboring and shielding illegal aliens?


Actually, terrorists from deportation coming. Wait until you see what's coming. Holy cow. Yeah. Somebody said his eyes are smiling as well. Yeah, his whole, his whole demeanor. That's the happiest I've ever seen Tom Oman at, at one, at one time. There was a, he was overjoyed with the secret that he can't share. Boy oh boy. Now, in case you're wondering that they wouldn't arrest people, would they? Well, hell yeah, they would. They've already been doing it. They've already, they've already been arresting these judges who have been outta control, who've been harboring illegal aliens.


They've been all over this already. So I don't know what comes next, but this is one of the few times, You know, you've heard from a lot of government officials, members of Congress do this a lot where congressional hearings consequences are coming. And then you're like, yeah, yeah, whatever. You, you say that all the time. Tom Oman's, one of the, the few people when when he does something like that, he smiles and he says, wait until you see what's coming. Forget waiting four to five months for Chinese deliveries for Christmas. Christmas is coming now. This is Christmas. Christmas is arriving early. Tom Holman, We got Holman claws. He's, he's got the bag slung over his back bringing arrests for us. I cannot wait for this Tom Holman baby.


The smile that spoke a thousand words. Can't wait. So we'll keep, we'll keep track of that one too. That one's gonna be a lot of fun. And it, and I, and I've got, if I can even get to it today, I've got a million updates. Some of this will have to be on the radio show, but I got updates on Kmar Abrego Garcia n ms 13, these lunatic Democrats efforts to impeach Trump. I mean, tell you what, the Christmas did come early. My cup runeth over. I've got too much to get to today. But up next, I'm gonna bring in a great guest. We gotta talk about what's going on with NPR and PBS. President Trump is defunding by executive order NPR and PBS, massive, massive news and long sought by like human beings with a pulse, who don't think it's a good idea.


Look here, who don't think it's a good idea for the government to continue to fund all of this craziness, this propaganda breaking overnight from the White House POTUS just signed an executive order ending, the taxpayer subsidization of NPR and PBS, which have received millions from taxpayers to, to spread radical woke propaganda disguised as news. Wonderful update. Wonderful update. Yes, I said somebody in the chat said PBRI. I keep calling it PBR, which makes me chuckle every time I accidentally say it, because it's not, it's not actually Paps Blue Ribbon. It's, it's NPR and PBS, which are lower quality products than PPR President Trump.


A announcing, we're defunding them. My next guest knows all about these guys and the way that they've been smuggling taxpayer dollars into their operations, and then using that money to propagandize the public. We're gonna get to, we're gonna get into that in just a moment. Looking forward to that conversation.


Before we get there, I've gotta thank our sponsors for keeping this all going. You know, I don't just slap my name on anything. These sponsors, I really care about them because I'm glad they care about us. But it's important that their products are quality. And this product, blackout Coffee. Take a look at this. Let's see, I'll get it here. So it's in Focus Blackout Coffee. That's the coffee cup this morning. Inside of the cup is Blackout Coffee, obviously. That's how I start my day every day. Love Blackout Coffee Blackouts owned by a fellow named John. And John is a great dude. I actually met with him when we were doing the the Dan Bonino. VINCE Colon's handoff down in Florida. And John's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee, roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values and equally important, it tastes phenomenal. It's great coffee. I drink my coffee black. I know what good coffee is. Blackout Coffee is great. Coffee. Here's the deal. John hook you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And you'll get 20% off your first order. Whether you'll like Whole Bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, for 20% off your first order.


Yeah, get a little caffeine in the system. And then once I'm caffeinated, well then it's time to hit the Power Act Pro. Yes, indeed. The Jacked Up Fitness Power Rack Pro, right here in the house. It is just feet beyond this wall that's painted with black. It's just a little bit further back there. And I've got the Power Rack Pro. I was on it this morning. Today was a pull day. I was doing back and bys amazing. I did an amazing curl workout this morning. I was lying on my back, pulling the curl bar towards my body, spine compressed to the floor. So no spine tension or anything. I'm not cheating. Not using any of my upper body to pull it, except for the biceps just pulling that bad boy back. It's great. I got a full home gym right here in the house. It's got a cable crossover system, an integrated 200 pound weight stacks on there Smith Machine. I can do hundreds of different exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym, you can do right in the comfort of your own home. My wife loves it. I love it. My daughter loves it. We love it. So having that badass all in one Power Rack Pro right here in the house, it's been a game changer for my family. It'll be a game changer for yours. And they've got the Get Jacked Up program too. That helps because they've got full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You just press play and you follow along. It's great, especially if you're just getting started. So, listen, I've been doing this. You should too. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com. Sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, it's gonna be epic. Go to get jacked up.com. Yes, indeed.


All right, well, we've got big news. The president is defunding PBS and NPR by executive order. And talk about that being well deserved. For more on this subject and how well deserved it is, I wanna bring in Dan Schneider right now, the Vice President over at the Media Research Center. Dan, great to see you, sir. Popping corks today, VINCE popping corks. You've Been working on this, you've been working on this for a really long time, Dan, you've been, you've been saying this and tracking this for a, for a long time. Tell us what does this mean? Well, look, Brett Bozell founded this place 38 years ago. And for 36 years, the Media Research Center has been fighting against these propaganda outlets, specifically trying to end the forced taxpayer subsidies for these outlets.


And with, with a guy like Donald Trump in office, we are getting real victories for the first time in 36 years. This is the first victory. There are many more battles and victories to come, hopefully. But this is a monumental fight that we're yes. That we are now starting to win. The tables have turned. Let's talk about the funding structure. My, my great friend Chris Plant calls NPR National Panhandler Radio, and rightfully so, propaganda radio. Yeah, it's propaganda. That's right. But they're also pan handlers. They're, they're constantly like, give us more. Give us more. And so the federal taxpayers been given NPRA lot of money, but they play a shell game with this money. So they'll claim, they, they, they kind of claim two different things.


One, federal funding is essential for our operations. We can't lose it. And then the other thing they claim is, oh, it's a very small portion of our, of our operations. So I don't even know why you're getting worked. Worked up about it 1%. Yeah. Yeah. So what's going On there? Claim less than one. Okay. So Congress created a corporation for public broadcasting. CPB, it's a congressionally chartered corporation that does one thing only it takes in our federal tax dollars that are appropriate to it and distributes 'em to the NPR and PBS affiliates nationwide. And, and so then the N-P-R-C-E-O will say, well, we only get 1% directly from taxpayers. And what she means by that is that Corporation for Public Broadcasting only gives like $10 million to this NPR headquarters.


But here's the thing, there's an automatic kickback from all of these 1000 plus affiliates nationwide. It goes straight back to the corporation, you know, to, to NPR and PBS CEOs. They get huge portions of their budget directly from taxpayers. And they lie about it. VINCE, the irony that, that these, these broadcasters that claim to be news outlets, that they're actually lying to the people about where their money comes from. At the same time they're trying to say that they're honest about news. Yeah. You know, of course. They're just, they're just propagandists. It's a show game. It's a show game. It's so, they're like, we only take 1% of this from taxpayers when it turns out they're taking a crap ton from taxpayers.


And it's not just from the federal government, it's also from state and local governments that these, that these NPR affiliates take all of this cash and it's all laundered right up to NPR. The president's saying that that system is over. We're not doing that anymore. And so when the president's cutting off NPR in this executive order, Dan, he's not merely cutting off the 1% that's sent directly to N-P-N-P-R. He's also cutting off the Shell game. Right. The, the kickbacks. Yeah. The, this kickback scheme is literally criminal, if anybody else were to do it. But for NPR and PBS, it's codified in law that they get these kickbacks. And the president, there's a couple things that are really important about this, this executive order. First, he's ordering Corporation for Public Broadcasting And it board members are all appointed by the president, confirmed by the Senate.


Yeah. He's ordering them to stop funding NPR and PBS because these media outlets are in violation of the law by law. NPR and PBS are required, mandated to be nonpartisan and to be neutral in their coverage. And of course, they've been nothing, but No, but the second thing this executive order does is it orders the, the federal agency heads, like the National Science Foundation, department of Education, the NEA, the NEH, all these agencies that give discretionary grant awards to N-P-R-B-B-S, he's ordering those agencies to stop those grants. That that is, that's almost a bigger victory than anything else in this executive order.


That's huge. That's huge. Okay, let's talk about the content. I, I, I do have to give credit to my boss and to the Media Research Center. We're the ones who've been pushing for this. Yeah. We've been pushing to have these executive branch agencies who cease this funding. We've been pushing the president to, You know, rescind the funding from the Biden era. And, and so look, this is a fight that we've been battling for a long, long time. And, and we are. That's why we're popping course here. We've been working hard at this for a long time. You should. There's a lot of like, like do nothing operations in Washington. The Media Research Center is a do something operation. You guys are always working, which I love. And I love everything. I love everything you guys produce.


It's just a great operation. And you're right, you've been on the campaign for a very long time. All credit to you, Brent Bezel. Amazing. You know, I'm, I'm looking at some of the content now. I wanna talk about that element of it. 'cause you mentioned that they're trying to, we're trying to stop the propaganda here and the White House, they put out a list, which is amazing. I love this list. And I know the MRC has a list too, news busters. But among the things NPR is focused on, NPR ran a story titled Cannibalism. It's perfectly natural. This was a, this was a, a book about people eating placenta. This is, this is a crazy, in the, in 2021, NPR declared the Declaration of Independence to be a document with flaws and deeply ingrained hypocrisies in 2022, NPR got rid of the custom of reading the Declaration of Independence on Independence Day.


They apparently, that's one of the only good things NPR was doing on a yearly basis. They stopped doing it in 2022. And so they could instead discuss quote, equality and what it means. They said, no more reading the declaration. They issued an editor's note warning that the Declaration of Independence quote is a document that contains offensive language. They apologize for calling illegal aliens illegal. They sounded the alarm in 2024 about young men who abstain from masturbating to pornography. This is, these are NPR pieces. This is what taxpayers are funding. They featured one more for you because the list is literally endless. So I'll just start, I'll just stop with this one.


NPR featured a Valentine's Day story around queer animals, in which it suggested that the make-believe clownfish in Finding Nemo would've been better off as a female. And that banana slugs are hermaphrodites and that some deer are non-binary. So I don't know about you, Dan, I don't think we should be funding this crap anymore. Yeah. Well look my hat off to Brent Bozel and to Tim Graham here at, at the Media Research Center and News Busters. You know, those links are, are, were are linking to articles and studies that, that MRC has performed and the president has recognized. Yeah. You know, the good work that the team here has done, it is insane that taxpayers are forced to pay for this.


VINCE, let's never forget, You know, if, if some lefty theater company wants to talk about this, or if some lefty media wants to do this, they're free to do it in this country. We have a First Amendment. They can do it. Yeah. But why should taxpayers be forced to pay for it? No, this is, this is, this is where Donald Trump has come in and said, no more, no more. Should taxpayers be forced to pay for this Will. Well, they were, they've also been involved in election rigging as well. Because NPR as the MRC knows very well you guys conducted a survey on the subject, knows that their manipulation of the election in 2020 led in part to the outcome that we saw.


Joe Biden takes office. And the reason for that is because NPR and other lefty news outlets like it, but not government subsidized, like NPR, they went outta their way to suppress the Hunter Biden story. And they said it was a story that had no value and that they weren't gonna bother their readers with any of this. They don't wanna talk about it at all. And you guys, they Said it was a distraction. They said a distraction. Yeah. You guys did a survey on the subject. Yeah, Yeah. We're, we're, we sh we did the survey that many have cited that 9.3% of Joe Biden voters would not have voted for him if they had only heard of the Hunter Biden laptop storage. But because of NPR and PBS and Legacy Media, over about 50% of Biden voters had never even heard of the Hunter Biden laptop storage.


Because NPR said, it's a distraction, we're not gonna cover it. Yeah. That changed the election. That right there, the media sw swung the election for Joe Biden. 9.3% of his voters would not have voted for him had they heard of the a hundred Biden laptop story. Okay. So Dan, what does being such an excellent student of the media, what do they do next here in this fight? So President Trump announces this executive order, we're, we're gonna stop. We're gonna defund PBS and NPR. I've already seen some of the beginnings. Oh, you want to kill Elmo? Is that what you wanna do? What's gonna happen in the days ahead? Yeah. Well, I expect in about three more seconds that the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, NPR and PBS will issue statements that tell the president to go fly a kite and that CPB will continue take our tax dollars and fund NPR and PBS.


Yeah, of course the president's agency heads will do the right thing and stop funding them with the discretionary grants. But this is why it's so important for the president to send up what's called a rescission package. A rescission package looks backwards And it says, look, Joe Biden asked for this money, Congress appropriated money to it. I want Congress to rescind that funding. Yeah. And, and I'm also expecting the president to send up a budget proposal, which is forward looking. It's, you know, and where he is gonna ask Congress, do not procre any more money for NPR and PBS. Both of those things are critical. We need to see those things get signed into law.


Amen. Yeah, that's a big deal. And the rescission package can be passed with 51 votes in the Senate 51. Right. The rescission package avoids that 60 vote threshold in the Senate. Yeah. It it is amendable. But Congress has 45 days to vote it up. Vote it down. Yeah. It's a real deal thing. And by the way, Sesame Street's gonna be fine. Sesame Street as an intellectual property. It, it actually can generate a profit on its own. It doesn't need to be a part of PBS. In fact, HBO already has a deal with them. It's like so crazy that this is even Happening. HHBO bought the rights to Sesame Street and PBS could only rebroadcast Sesame Street six months after the original content was created.


Yeah. We've already, You know. Yeah. And it, you know, this is the idea. Oh, by the way, VINCE, all the longitudinal studies show that PBS Pilgrim's programming has no positive impact on kids. PBS will talk about how well kids can read and count because of PBS. Guess what? Kids who don't watch Sesame Street learn how to read and count just as fast as kids who do. It's funny. Have you noticed that the Nation's report card came out earlier this year and reading and arithmetic skills are dropping to their lowest levels on record. PBS is not exactly helping. And the, and the data show that. Dan, thank you very much from the Media Research Center. Good to talk to you, sir. Thanks VINCE. Dan's all over this great operation, the Media Research Center and yeah, this is, this is crazy.


You know, what's going on? So the president announcing that they're gonna get rid of all of this craziness. And like I said, the list here is endless. I'm telling you, I'm looking at this White House list that they put out. It both cracks me up and saddens me that I've been spending money on this. PBS devoted a panel to what it means to be woke and white privilege. That was in 2017. NPR routinely promotes chemical and surgical mutilations of children, as so-called gender affirming care, without mentioning any of the irreversible damage caused by these procedures. In 2021, A PBS station aired a children's program that featured a drag queen named Little Miss Hot Mess.


Look at that dude wearing a wig, dancing around for PBS. The hips on the drag queen go swish, swish swish. They said NPR educated the nation on the whole community of genderqueer dinosaur enthusiasts and transera tops Trans Ceratops. PBS White House correspondent es senor characterized Trump's patriotic 2020 Mount Rushmore speech as a love letter to white resentment that promoted the myth of America. This, I'm nowhere near done with this thing. They said that Healthism is a cousin of diet culture healthism, which is the idea that we have to be healthy.


NPR reported on that as if it was a bad thing to be healthy. There's a stigma they said that people get if they're told they have to be healthy. These people are crazy. They're really nuts. Let's stop funding their lunacy. How about that? So the president moving on that today, a big, a big change of pace. Long overdue. Expect a ludicrous fight from the left as they insist that, oh, we need to keep all of this garbage. Okay. Alright. Hey, we've got some updates on Kmar Apgo Garcia, who is an MS 13 gangster. He is in El Salvador right now, which is where he's supposed to be.


He's in an El Salvador prison. USA today has obtained a video from his wife. It's an audio recording from an August, 2020 court hearing. Jennifer Vasquez URA is the wife. Remember she's the one who keeps trying to cover up that her husband's MS 13, she's censoring all of his gang tattoos and all of her social media posts back in 2020 in a court hearing. She said, yeah, he was beating the hell outta me. Listen to this. Here, here she is in the court proceeding speaking about what her husband, the gangster's been doing. I came to fill out a protective order, I think it was in December, but I didn't show up to the court because his family like washed my brain telling me that his dad was sick and not to do it.


So it's, I I didn't do anything. But after that it was like I would call the police. I have a lot of police reports and I kept trying to get to the door basement to try to open the door. And then like he pushed me. So then when I was able to go outside to get a, a phone, I called nine one one from a disconnected phone. Now they took a long time to get to the house. It was probably like 20, 30 minutes. So I saw a neighbor walking his dog, and I opened the door and I was like, help. And then when he heard me, like he grabbed me from my hair and then he slapped me. And When he heard me, he grabbed me by my hair and he slapped me in front of the neighbor who she just yelled help to then The neighbor.


Like he didn't know what to do. He didn't know what to react. I have pictures of the evidence, like all the bruises, because it is not even on Wednesday. He hit me like around like three in the morning. He would just wake up and like hit me. And then last Saturday for my daughter's birthday party, before I went to my daughter's birthday party, he slapped me three times. And then last week I did call the police. My sister called the police. He slapped me three times. So what she's describing is, and this is, this is only one of many reports she made that were like this, this is the first time we hear audio of her voice on the subject that this guy was a constant abuser of her. He was constantly beating her, bruising her, bloodying her up.


And this is who Chris Van Holland is desperate to get back into the United States of America. This is who these Democrats are fighting for, not for you, not for Lake and Riley, not for Jocelyn Nunga Ray, none of 'em. Not for Rachel Morin. No. They're fighting for the MS 13 gangster to come back. And I've told you before, I'm gonna keep doing this because I think that we need this to be rubbed in their faces every day, all the way up to the midterms, every single day another rake hits Chris Van Holland squarely in the forehead for, for what he is doing to our country. He decided he'd go all in on this MS 13 gangster. And every day we get more new evidence that that was a stupid decision.


That this guy's a scumbag. That it's good that he's out of the country and that in addition to just being a gangster, being an illegal, he's a wifebeater too. We've got that, we've got that information. And then We got new footage. I, I multiple rakes hitting this guy In the head. My, my apologies for that audio. Multiple rakes hitting Chris Van Holland in the head. Just in the last 24 hours, new video obtained by Fox News showing that 2022 Tennessee Highway Patrol stop where Kmar Abrego Garcia is stopped by police officers suspected of human trafficking. Take a look here again. This should follow Democrats all the way until the midterms.


Here we go. This is the, the video obtained by Fox News body camera footage here of what's going on in Tennessee. Here it is. Hello sir, how are you? Hello. And you Alright, you got a bunch of people here, don't you? It's one for seat. Yes. Go back to work. Gotcha. Where you, where are you working at? Where where? San Luis, Missouri. Missouri. Yes sir. Gotcha. Okay. But right from of Maryland. Where do y'all live at? I, I, where I living? I live in Maryland. Maryland? Yeah. Who, whose vehicle is it? Excuse me.


Whose car is it? It's still my boss. Your boss. His boss. Reminder, his boss was already convicted of human trafficking. Where's Peter at? Where's your boss live? My, my, my daughter right now, he stay in Maryland, but we, he live in on Texas. Houston Fix. After talking to Kilmore, the officers had no doubt he was trafficking. You know what you got here, right? He's, he's hauling these people for money. He got an holler is what he is doing. But sometimes they co-mingle open. No, there's eight people in there.


Yeah, I didn't know that. We put an extra roll. There's eight people in the car. So he is getting paid all these people probably to Maryland. I would say if I had my guess. He said they all work, but he's the only one that knows how much. So, so let me ask you this. They don't have any luggage in there, right? And If you get 'em out, they're gonna have they tooth toothpaste and they're gonna have toothbrushes in their pockets. I guarantee it. He's got $1,400 cash. That's a smart, this is a guy who knows what he's doing. You pick 'em up, they're gonna have toothpaste and toothbrushes in their pocket. There's no luggage in that car. That's all they've got. Toothbrushes. This guy's seen this before His pocket in envelope. So in the video you can see one of the cops making a phone call.


The body cam audio cuts out for 10 minutes. Sources told us that on that call. It's Joe Biden's, FBI, which advised police not to detain Kmar at the time. That source also tells us highway patrol called Biden's Ice and they never showed up. Biden's guy said, So this is, these are frontline cops. They know exactly what they're seeing. They've seen it before all the way down to toothbrushes and pockets. Eight people in a car, no luggage. One guy who's supposedly is the only guy who speaks English, has Kmar Rego Garcia. Everybody's headed to Maryland. That's it. They call, they begin doing the right thing.


They call the relevant agencies. They talk to the FBI Biden's, FBI controlled by Christopher Ray says, don't bust this guy. Let him go. That's November of 2022. Just look at the date. That's, that's Joe Biden in office. That's the Biden FBI don't bust this guy. Let him go. Let him go. This goes right with that story I told you yesterday, we were talking about HH, the HHS secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Laying out that 300,000 Americans, 300,000, excuse me, 300,000 children, foreign nationals illegals have been trafficked into the United States of America for the purposes of slavery and sex and all sorts of horrific things.


300,000 of these kids have been lost by the Biden administration who actively trafficked them in Javier Becerra, urging HHS officials to move more quickly to turn it into a Henry Ford style assembly line to bring these children into the United States. And these cops are saying that we talked to the FBI and they said don't bust them. Let 'em go. Let 'em go. They tried to get ice to be get involved. Ice never shows up. Ice restrained from showing up. And that's Kmar Abrego Garcia trafficking human beings into our country. And MS 13 gangster suspected human smuggler and wife beater released into the country.


God knows what he did and was never caught for before Trump deported him. Yeah. And so there he goes. We, we know quite a bit though he is committed acts of violence on his wife over and over. So much so that her baby daddy, her old baby daddy, filed an emergency petition with Prince George's County saying, I need to get my kids outta that environment. That guy's a gangster. She's living with a gang member. And that's who the left is defending. They continue to mount this ludicrous defense and it's so ludicrous that that Democrat members of Congress are not even really trying to defend it. They're just cursing at reporters who ask about it.


Viewers of this program, if you've been with me all along, you will recognize Miles Morell. Miles Morell is a reporter for the Daily Caller News Foundation. I had him here on the show and we, we talked about some of his excellent reporting on Capitol Hill. He just chases members of Congress around, puts a microphone in their face and then just asks some basic questions. Would you do, would you answer this for me please? And that's what he did yesterday when he ran into Congresswoman Ilhan Omar. Ilhan Omar, who represents Minnesota's fifth District and the People's House. And he asked her a really simple question. He just asked her, Hey, do you think Democrats should continue to go visit Kmar Abrego Garcia in El Salvador?


Listen to her emotionally incontinent response. Congresswoman Omar, I'm Miles Morell with the Daily Caller News Foundation. Do you think more of your democratic colleagues should be traveling to El Salvador to advocate on behalf of AlphaGo Garcia? Yeah, I'm, I'm sorry, what Congress? Fuck up. Who should you? Why me? We're not taking any these questions right now, but you go, I think you should F off. She declares over and over and over again. Now this is just note the sequence of events here. This reporter, miles Morell was exceedingly polite to her. He was probably way nicer than you would've been. As you approached Han Omar, he just asked her a really basic question, treated her like a human being, an adult, a member of Congress, even saying, Hey, you think this is a good idea that these Democrats keep going to visit Kilmore?


You think this is a good idea? Maybe they should stop. And she says, I think you should F off. I think you should F off. I think you should F off like a child. You should F off. Lemme say something about this lady. She is, has been rescued by this country. She was granted a privilege to be in this country. And she's the single most ungrateful representation of somebody in her situation. I could even imagine. No gratitude whatsoever. And so the cowardice that she demonstrates in that moment is in the service of illegal foreign nationals who would do more harm and destruction to this country. And she's made a mockery of our system.


Anyway. She married her brother in order to fraudulently get him into the United States. So when you see a video like this, when you watch Miles Morell ask very politely, You know, do you think this is a good idea that these Democrats can keep coming into the country? The keep going into El Salvador, keep trying to rescue Kmar Abrego Garcia and keep fighting for an illegal foreign national who as an MS 13 gang member, and then she responds this way to El Salvador to advocate on behalf of AlphaGo Garcia. I think you should F off. I think the only fitting response is you kiss your brother with that mouth.


An amazing week in America. I've got so much more to get to. Luckily I've got a radio show to do that. 12 to three nationwide every day. The VINCE Show gotta change this logo and thank you, by the way, to the live chat. That always tells me that that logo, sometimes I leave the VINCE logo up in here and they're like, Hey guys, gotta change it to the VINCE show. You gotta change. You gotta change it to the VINCE Show. Thank you. Thank you for the reminders. People always trying to figure out what the bourbon is. We got Knob Creek 18 today, fellas Knob Creek 18 sitting on the desk here today. And I just am so appreciative of you best damn audience in all of media. We're gonna be back on Monday with another great show. In fact, the programming note for you today, the big one is I think we're gonna be the plan is unless something goes haywire, I'm gonna be inside of my new DC studio starting Monday.


So we all have that to look forward to. It's gonna be great as always, great to have you with us. And boy, I can't wait to see what happens next. It's again, great show. Great to be with you today. Thanks as always for joining me.