
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. You know, we gotta do a behind the scenes episode of the Dan Bongino Show All, all the hilarious bullshit that happens behind the scenes. So I'm the one who tells, gee, we had just a little bit of a technical synap yesterday, so I said I start, start 30 seconds early. You know, if, whatever they miss a hello, it's not a big deal. I, just wanna make sure you guys get the full content. I wanna rip you off four minutes of the show. I tell them, did I not? I'm like, start early. So I see it as Counter orders gonna be like five seconds to go. Usually they say counter's on. I'm not even paying attention. You guys.


This would've been the show in the opening. I'd be, oh shit. Oh, we're live. Like, I had no idea. I look up on the screen, he goes, what? You didn't see it on the screen? No, I didn't see it on the script. I'm looking at you guys in the chat. I see it on the screen. The show's freaking bananas, folks. The Joy, joy, joy campaign is back. You get the, you guys get, if you're watching on Rumble, you get it more on that in a second. I got that. You can't zoom in or else they're gonna make, now that you already told 'em what it is, they, these guy's like hijacking the show. I got that. I've got a totally bananas update on the Secret Service story from Matt Gaetz, Congressman from Florida that I'm gonna tell you.


I, I didn't hear that. I'm not, I'm not telling you it's not true. I trust what he's saying. I'm just saying I didn't hear this. If I get a source, I'll tell you. I was like, damn, I got that. And then I just gotta quickly address this Sean Combs thing. It's important. I, I'm, I don't call him Diddy. Diddy. Diddy name's Sean. Okay, I got some thoughts on that. So I got a big show for you.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every week. Go get it. Stop the delay stuff changed my life. Get a good night's sleep. They're offering their largest discounted shop Beam dot com slash Bonino. Use code Bonino.


I got that. Also, we got another couple updates on the Secret Service story. One from Josh Hawley too. Confirming something I've been warn you about


Today's show also brought to you by yes, my Patriot Supply folks, let me ask some. There's an emergency hurricane, nuclear meltdown. War breaks out, food runs out. What are you gonna do quick? The answer is you're gonna starve. No, the government's gonna saved me. That's a good one. Really. No, they won't. Get yourself a four week emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. Scratch that. Get one for every member of your family like I do with over 2000 calories a day. There's enough to go around. If social unrest happens or the government tries cracking down, okay, they ain't gonna help you. The food lasts up to 25 years in storage. Do it today. Seriously. Don't wait. We've seen mass panic in our lifetimes. Don't take your family's safety for granted. Calories are survival. If you don't have 'em, you're dead right now. You can get 50% off, excuse me, $50 off. $50 off the same four week emergency food kit I keep in my home. Go to my patriot supply.com and save $50 on your four week emergency food kit. My Patriot Supply will send as fast as possible. Listen, I know my order showed up in one day. Discreet right to your door, shipped free too. Get your four week emergency food kit now@mypatriotsupply.com. That's my patriot supply.com.


Alright fellas, let's go. So Kamala Harris, the single worst democratic candidate for president since Walter Mondale got smoked by Ronald Reagan, did a hard hitting interview with Oprah yesterday. You know Oprah, that big MAGA crowd. Conservative right winger, Oprah Winfrey, right? Did a hard hitting interview. Not asked one single serious question again. Gave an even more ridiculous answer to everyone. And I want you to listen to the cringe again. The happy, happy, joy, joy Ren and Stimpy campaign. It's on folks, check this out. Oh My goodness. Great here. Oh my goodness. Representing people from all over the country. Hi everyone. Can you? My goodness. Can you feel, can you feel it?


Can you feel I? can the joy rising in here? I can and I I can feel the joy. Stimson j Kat. Thank you ran hok. Let's do a high five. Happy, happy. Joy. Joy. Remember the dance. Happy, happy. Joy. Joy. Happy. Happy. Joy, joy. Happy, happy. Joy, joy, joy. The only differences friend and stimpy were actually funny. They were even funnier if you were on hallucinogenic compounds. Not that I would know anything about that. This isn't funny. Can you feel the joy of what?


An open border of rapes and murders of invasions going on in small towns across America of a war breaking out in the middle East of a war in Russia and the Ukraine border. What? What? The inflation crisis. A struggling economy. Unemployment numbers being revised even worse every month. Where's the, this is the joy folks. I'm gonna tell you right now, if we lose this campaign, this is gonna be a far different show. It is time for you right now to go out and do what folks in the chat your turn. Yes it is time to execute.


Now the election's 46 days away. No it is not. Voting has already started. I believe in three states. It has, yes. Voting's happening right now. So if you are saying, oh I did my job. I went out and voted, you my friend are incorrect. That is not your job. Your job is to vote and bring at least 10 people with you. If you're not executing here, you're gonna lose. Period. Alright, I'm gonna get to this secret service story. I got a loaded Friday show for you today. Call your friends, tell 'em to jump on in here. 'cause I'm gonna tell you something, I've been working angles on this all night. I can't get confirmation on it, but this is a banger and I mean this sounds like a really big deal.


However, I wanna talk about something first. I don't usually talk about these celebrities who get into trouble and stuff because folks, I, I genuinely, I candidly don't really give a shit about celebrities. However, when celebrities are accused of really nasty stuff accused everyone's innocent till proven guilty period, I actually believe in due process. Unlike these other bags on the left. However, these are very serious accusations against Sean Combs, A KAP Diddy. We will not be referring to him as that anymore. His name is Sean Combs. I don't call people P Diddy, I don't call people the God or anything else. I'm really sorry.


I'll call you by your damn name. Okay, so Sean Combs is accused of some really serious stuff freak offs involving, I hope there are no kids listening. Thousands of bottles of let's just say lubricants. And I'm not talking about synthetic Castrol motor oil for your car, although maybe that was a part of it too. Who knows? These freak offs were like sex parties and stuff. Sean Combs is accused of trafficking people. I, just wanna give you a bit of an insider take on this. I'm gonna tell you something and I need you to spread the word on this because I've seen both the NYPD and the secret service side because I worked with both of them as a cop and as an agent.


He's being charged by the feds in New York. Now, forgetting for a moment, political, anything involving the FBI and anyone involved with MAGA politics, assume the case is bullshit. However, other cases that aren't politically tinged, I'm just telling you right now, when the feds charge you, unlike when the locals charge you ladies and gentlemen, you are effed big time triple barrel. Why? Here's the difference. If you're getting charged by the feds after a six month investigation, you are screwed with the NYPD.


Every case is worked backwards. So in other words, I'm out on the street as a cop and some guy runs to the corner goes, that guy just tried to kill me. And you see a guy running down the street with a knife, you don't know what happened. The guy running down the street with a knife could have been defending himself against the guy who called you the cops because he tried to shoot him. You have no idea. But because you see the guy charging down the street with a knife, you pull out your gun, put the knife down, put the handcuffs on and you arrest him. What happens then? The answer is an investigation happens. The things happen in reverse. Everybody follow me? Yes or no in the chat? 'cause you won't understand why Sean Combs in a lot of trouble. You see the crime, then you do the investigation.


That's the overwhelming majority of arrests at the local and even the state level, right? With the feds it's totally different with the feds. Someone comes into the office, the FBI and says, Hey man, this guy Sean Combs is involved with freak offs with baby oil and stuff. You know what I mean? Then the investigation starts, the feds hate to lose in court. The AUSA's office, the assistant United States attorney in the United States Attorney's office, they absolutely hate to lose in court. Their conviction rate folks with pleas and everything else is seriously like 99.9%.


They almost never lose because they never bring a case to trial or to indictment unless the investigation they've been conducting before they arrest him is ironclad. You guys tracking me? So what I'm getting at is, Sean Combs is he is screwed. There is zero chance they arrested him if they didn't feel they had the PC and possibly the beyond a reasonable doubt level to go and convict this guy in court. What does that mean? That means this guy's sitting in one of the worst detention dumps. I've seen it many times in in the entire country. The detention center, he's sitting there in New York City is horrendous.


This is a billionaire who's used to getting up in the morning, someone rubbing his back, maybe a little too much. Who the hell knows taking his protein shakes and what? Gosh, everything's like double on top with this dude, right? But that's what he's used to. He's he's eating a loaf right now. Look it up. He's eating a loaf probably in this and he's probably sick every single day. I have zero doubt. This guy's about to flip. So I'm just telling you, if you were at one of these freak offs and you were engaged in this alleged alleged activity, then you damn well better be getting a good attorney because there is zero chance in my mind that this guy doesn't flip his lawyer's telling him right now we're gonna set up a proffer, a king for a day deal and you are gonna rat out everyone or you are gonna be eating a loaf and doing 20 years in jail.


You remember I said that when the feds come get you and it's not a political case 'cause then it's probably bullshit when they come get you on a case like this. You're effed. Sorry. Alright, getting back to the other stuff. So the, the other day I told you about without giving away intricate secret service details and knowledge about security, which obviously I would never do, I told you that it's, it's ridiculous that the Secret Service did not sweep the golf course first before Donald Trump went to the golf course in West Palm Beach. Why you would not sweep a site your protectee is gonna be at for bad guys.


Bombs, explosives, and environmental disasters like a sinkhole on the eighth hole or whatever is just security 1 0 1. The way the Secret service works and anyone else works, and this is not giving up any secrets folks, everybody knows this is you post an area first, hey, send your guys to the golf course. You then send a team in to sweep it for tactical threats, which this guy was possible medical emergencies. Hey, it's really hot out here guys. We may wanna bring some electrolytes. Che bio threats. You get your chem bio detection equipment. Did somebody just plant some kind of radiation device? IEDs, you sweep it for bombs.


Airborne threats, you set up a big air picture, fire geologic stuff. Is there a sinkhole? This is the kind of stuff you do. I used to call it T-M-C-I-A-F, tactical Medical Chem Bio IED, airborne Fire. It's what I live by. One of my friends in the service called it the big six. You post it, you sweep it and then you hold it. The Secret Service didn't post it, they didn't sweep it and they sure as shit didn't hold it. A bunch of us were scratching our heads. I had a friend of mine, NYPD, detective friend of mine, lifelong friend, not just like I knew, I knew him a long time. This guy worked in ou, their technical assistance research unit that puts up cameras.


He's like, how the hell did they not have cameras on the fence line in this place? I know because they didn't want to. Here's Josh Hawley on Jesse Waters and Jesse Waters hat Tip has been doing an amazing job. Jesse's a friend and he'd been all, he's not letting this case go at all. They got specials going on about it. Fox Nation Waters is, I don't know if it's a personal interest he's taken in it, but Jesse Waters is breaking news almost every night. He had Josh Hawley on Republican senator for Missouri. Here's Hawley confirming what I told you when this happened on Monday, there was no sweep at all. Why not Producer Jim? Why didn't they sweep it? That's correct.


Because they didn't want to watch Josh Hawley confirming what I told you. Well, What we've heard, Jesse, from New whistleblowers who've come forward about this second assassination attempt on Donald Trump's life, and here's what they have told us that golf course that the president was playing secret service have guarded that course many, many times. And what the whistleblower says is protocol calls for secret service to station agents along the places in the course that are known vulnerabilities. I want to emphasize the service has guarded this course many times. They know where there are vulnera vulnerabilities. They normally station agents there ahead of Trump's appearance on the course, but they apparently did not do that this last weekend. And the whistleblowers tell me that's strange, that's out of protocol.


It's not even clear. Secret service swept the perimeter before Trump took to the course. Also a broach, a breach, rather a protocol. And they wanna know why. And so do I I think the Secret Service deserves to give us answers. Can I read something to you from another whistleblower friend of mine? I gotta be careful you can't see this thing on right guys? You leave it there. No. Okay, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, forgive me for turning my head. I'll get close to the mic, but obviously I wanna keep the this Secret service agent's name confidential. This is from an actual agent talking about the course and exactly what I just told you. Why the hell they didn't post and sweep the course in advance is again an example of pure managerial absolute incompetence period.


Here's a quote where there's smoke, there's fire. I've worked that course several times with De Donald J. Trump and I know exactly where the subject was hiding. We see the press there all the time. Makes me wonder why there was no press there. This time goes on, perhaps the mole is in the press poll. They're well aware of Trump's movements and schedule as well. That doesn't answer the question of why it wasn't posted though. I'm just reading to you what a very experienced agent has passed on to me. They knew about that vulnerability and so did the press and there was nobody there except for one person and alleged assassin with a high powered rifle.


You tell me again, if my Monday show is crazy, there is a mole somewhere, folks. Is it in DHS? Is it in the Secret Service? Was somebody talking out loud in a restaurant in the Press Corps and this guy heard him? There is a mole somewhere. There is no way that guy just randomly picked that spot at that time without some insider information. Occam's razor dictates that that is an absolute bullshit theory, that this was just completely random. And if you believe that, I'm really sorry, you're stupid, I can't help you. It doesn't make any sense. The story doesn't make sense. How did the guy in Butler Pennsylvania know that one roof line to go there, that that wouldn't be man?


Oh, he can just look up there. Well, how do we know? He didn't know someone was gonna get up there afterwards or wasn't gonna post down there to make sure no one could get up on the air conditioning unit. He seemed to have a lot of pre advanced operational surveillance knowledge. Are are we crazy asking these questions or is everybody else crazy for not? Is your home for truth on this show? Folks? There's only one way to do this. Post it, sweep it and then hold it. There is no other way. You don't do it backwards. Hold it, sweep it post. It's not the way this works. And by the way, this is not a money issue before I get to the Fox video of how close this guy was and Matt Gaetz on a really, a shocking, shocking statement I wanna play for you.


Senator Ron Johnson, who's been looking into DHS and Secret Service for a really, really long time, years now, probably close to a decade. Here's Senator Ron Johnson saying And again, what I told you yesterday, it's not a money issue, folks. Their budget is more than double than when I in real dollars inflation adjusted dollars than when I got on the job in 1999. They have enough money and they have nearly double the manpower. They just can't do the job. Take a look. You in the camp of frustration or are you in the camp of he has what he needs? Oh no, I'm, I'm definitely in the camp of frustration. You know, let me just quick address the funding.


Over the last 10 years, the Secret service budget has gone up 65% by, by, you know, one $2 billion up to 3.3 billion. Personnel is up 32% from 6,200 personnel to an 8,300 person head count. So they have plenty of people. They're also, by the way, part of a department that has $190 billion budget, 240,000 employees who they will detail to the secret service in some of these surge situations. So again, it's not resources, it's management and no, we are being stonewalled. I i, this isn't my first rodeo. I I've dealt with these people. This is exactly how they do not respond to congressional oversight. They're not responding.


Thank you Ron Johnson. We don't even mention this. The Department of Homeland Security has $190 billion budget. What the hell are you doing with that money selling reruns of Teletubbies or something? What are you doing? What are you doing with $190 billion that you can't provide a single post stander for a known vulnerability at a golf course? The press has taken pictures of hundreds of times, am I missing something? Take a quick break and I'm gonna show you this video from V. This video is taken from this vulnerability point in the golf course where this alleged assassin secreted himself and nobody noticed.


Wait till you see how close this guy would've been within minutes. If Donald Trump just would've gotten a golf course and you tell me the Secret Service can hack it now with this leadership, while I laugh in your face,


you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a really nasty toll on your body. There's hope on the horizon though comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused. You're ready to tackle the week. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam Dream Powder. It's their science backed taco cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of raci, magnesium, altheine, agen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino Listers an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash Bonino and use code Bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/ Bonino and use code Bonino for up to 45% off. Get yourself a good night's sleep. Checkout beam's Dream powder.


Alright, I wanna show you this video. This is shocking. Not even the Gates video's coming up next. I'm trying not to. I'm sorry, I hate teases. I get it. But the story will make more sense if we play Gates'. Comments last here is how close this guy got. I'm gonna play this Fox clip and I want you to keep in mind the Secret Service is known about a viable threat from the terror state of Iran towards Donald Trump for close to four years now. They have known about the long range threat. In other words, that the Iranians wanted to use a sniper based attack. They thought the middle perimeter would be too hard to access. They've known about that for probably a year at a minimum, probably six months before these attacks.


They've known about this, they've known about the long range threat. What did they do about it? The answer is nothing as evidenced by the last two attacks and alleged attack on President Trump or a potential attack. Watch the video. How close this guy got, check this out right now Is brand new video from a source called Mega MEGA in West Palm Beach, Florida. This is the area where that, that gunman hung out and hid out for 12 hours. And you can see the brush that hides you a little bit from viewing the street behind you, but that's the golf course that you're looking at. Fifth and sixth hole where he was lying and wait for Donald Trump on Sunday.


A fascinating look here. We've seen some paparazzi in past years. I see some maintenance workers come by, by the way, the course is closed. A lot of these courses in Florida will close for the summer 'cause it's too hot. You can't grow the grass and the course gets all beat up. Trump's course is no different. But he apparently, according to people that I've spoken to, went to the club that day and I don't believe it was on his schedule and I believe it was unannounced. Folks, given that we're a largely conservative audience here, and I understand that most of you probably have experience with, with firearms, your hunters, law enforcement, military, self-protection. And you are, you're just men and women who have balls and wanna protect yourselves. You know about firearms even if you don't, okay?


Even if you, if you have zero experience with firearms, you're, you're always welcome on my show. I encourage you to train yourself and to get one and defend yourself. Can you all vouch for me in the chat? I always go to the hunters. Nobody knows more about firearms than spec ops guys and hunters. No one zero that. I mean, that's their livelihood. Okay? To the hunters out there, you just saw that on video. Talk amongst yourselves in the chat. I'm gonna be watching. You don't even need a scope for that shot. That's an easy with a rifle iron sight shot that may not be a bad shot with a handgun with iron sight. You don't even need glass on top. That isn't If Hunters, am I crazy Hunter here?


Yes, yes. Yeah. Easy shot. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. I'm in. Yeah, I'm, yeah. A four DORR in the chat. I'm an avid hunter. Dan, easy shot. Yes. LOL. Don't need a scope. This guy says Robert Twix says that's a hip shot. Thank you. I don't even listen. I was in the Secret Service NYPD lot of experience. I go to the hunters. The hunters are bad asses. These guys are used to hitting shit 500 yards, a thousand yards, you know, shooting a deer in a freaking chops. They know exactly what they're doing and they gotta eat the thing later. So most of them don't wanna scattershot all over the place. I think they're out there with double Ott buck.


The hus are telling you that's a chip shot, man. They, you know what? That may not even be iron sights. That may be like line of vision, line of sight. I think you just look rock. He's going all can. And Abel like hit him with a rock. Michael said, Hey, you could throw something. Are you shitting me? You didn't have that covered. Are you serious? You had a guy with a pink shirt on pink. Is that ever a camouflage in a forest? No. What do you got? A bunch of like strawberry shortcake characters running around in the forest. You go, oh, what the, do you understand how bad of a security lapse this is? This is almost worse than Butler because with Butler, he already got shot in the head and the man got murdered.


Butler was bad enough, Butler was bad enough. This one I'm telling you was even worse. You wanna throw some coals in this fire? Matt Gaetz appears on, who was he with? Jack Po. Soc Poso. He was with Jack Po. Soc, Matt Gaetz, Florida Congressman, who I've been speaking to and spoke to on that panel is very concerned about this. Obviously President Trump's life, gates went on Po Soc show yesterday and just dropped a nuclear bomb on this whole thing. I hadn't heard this, but I have absolutely no reason to believe he's not telling the truth.


Check this out, I'll break little news for you. I had a senior official from the Department of Homeland Security in my office before the second assassination attempt saying that what he has assessed is that there are five known assassination teams in the United States. Three inspired by other governments, two that are here, that are known domestic assassination teams. And with that, this individual was coming to me concerned that the force protection around President Trump, even prior to that sec second assassination attempt was not sufficient for what it needed to be.


What? There were five assassination teams, three foreign, two domestic in the United States. And the United States Secret Service still has not implemented a proper security bubble around President Trump. Now, I can already get in advance of some of your questions in the chat. Well, Dan, if they know there's five hit teams out there, why aren't they doing anything about it? Well, now I'm gonna give you some inside baseball and I'm, I wanna be clear here, I'm speaking in generalities. I, when I have a source, I have one I, just read one to you. When don don't have a source, I don't pretend don don't have a source, okay?


I don't pretend that's bullshit stuff. Hacks through that. I'm speaking in generalities. I've seen this before. When you are doing protective intelligence, what I did for three years with the Secret Service, a lot of times you get information, but it's not attached to any specific individual. So someone will say, Hey, we intercepted comms between these two people. Whatever. Joey and Bobby, who doesn't matter. Joey and Bobby, Joey and Bobby were talking about whatever Operation Gilda Fish, what the hell is Operation Gil? Well, they've heard him reference Gilda Fish in reference to assassination in the past.


And then they said that Gilda Fish is, is working in a near the ceiling fan. The ceiling fan, everything's in code all the time. You get what I'm saying? Ceiling fan means this. Gilda Fish means that, you know, like smoke in the pipe means something different. Open up with a Sean Combs case, it could be a lot of things. You get the point. Intelligence is almost never. And confirm for me, come on folks in the chat. Some of you are Intel people. You know what I'm talking about? Operators, serious operators, terrorist, assassins. People who are gonna kill people. Almost never, unless they're really, it happens, but almost never get on the phone and go, Hey, it's Joe.


We are gonna go do X to Donald Trump on this date and tell John Q. Public who lives at so-and-So nobody does that. Nobody does that. That's why they probably don't know where these teams are. But I have absolutely zero reason to believe that Matt Gaetz is, is in any way being hyperbolic. There are pro these hit teams, I believe him, are there right now. And the Secret Service, as far as we know based on evidence, has amazingly still not figured out how to secure Donald j Trump's life. Folks, this isn't the end of this story.


I wish it was. By the way, Axios is victim blaming Donald Trump. Again, I wanna show you how these disgusting media people work and why they are absolutely not worth a second of your time. These people are to be treated like the communist adversaries. They are never treat them like serious people. They crave that. They are not. I'm gonna show you this Axios thing, and I wanna make a point. I sent out a tweet yesterday in one Nuclear that institutions are collapsing everywhere, folks, you can chalk up another one too. Did you hear the whistleblower from CBP up on the hill yesterday? Don't go anywhere.


We about to get to this DARPA article, the darpa, I know it's one poor article about DARPA just for you. I'll throw it in at the end. That's an, I know this is one of those articles I keep bringing up because it's good too.


Hey, the number one question I get from listeners, how can I get in in the conservative fight in the parallel economy? Well, it's critical to know where your dollars are going. I know you've heard about this credit card company, right? Coin. A lot of these credit card companies funnel all the money over to left winging causes and candidates hoping you don't notice. But now you have a choice. They funnel millions that way. Coins, C-O-I-G-N is America's conservative credit card. Find him. Find him@coin.com with every transaction you help coin, C-O-I-G-N. Advanced Conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. It's a great looking credit card too. You'll take pride in it. It's a bright, it's bright red. With we the people on the front. Coin works everywhere. Visas accepted comes with a 100% US based customer service and consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now@coin.com. At COI gn.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino please when that, how did you hear about a section? Check it out. Coin coin.com. C-O-I-G-N terms apply. Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details.


And our last sponsor today is TA What? Who? Tax Network. Tax Network. Oh yeah. Check student loan forgiveness, handouts and free everything. Seems like everyone gets a free pass except you. You're an honest, hardworking, tax paying citizen. And then when Covid tough times happens, what happened? You fall behind with unfiled tax returns and instead of forgiveness, the IRS is hunting people down, hiring thousands of new enforcement agents. But listen, it's risky to call the IRS yourself. You need Tax Network USA. Their aggressive strategies are designed to help solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which to avoid. Tax Network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of these tax solutions expire, so you don't wanna wait on this Tax Network. USA is owned by fellow Patriots. They're giving you a free consultation. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. You gotta scroll that a little bit guys. Or visit tn usa.com/dan tn usa.com/dan. Again, 1 809 5 8 1000 T nsa.com/dan, check 'em out.


Alright, back to the show. So I sent this tweet out and it wasn't nuclear yesterday and it was talking about how institutions and, and, and organizations are collapsing everywhere and smart people just don't trust them anymore. Now I noted at the end, feel free to add to this growing list because I don't want you to think this was it. The media, F-B-I-D-O-J-I-R-S, COVID Scientists, medical Associations, scientific associations, bond rating agencies, environmental scientists, woke, corporate America teachers unions. There are hundreds more. But my brother who doesn't reach out to often, he's working, he's an electrician up in New York, a union electrician up in New York. My brother's like, dude, you just nailed it with this tweet. Like people just don't trust these people. We just don't trust you.


I bring this up because not that we trusted DHS before, we never did with under the Biden administration, but after yesterday's hearing where a, a Customs and Border Protection official absolutely blew the whistle on what's happening with terrorists and drugs at the border. It's not good enough to not trust them. We need to get a president in there, hopefully DJ t that is going to fire everyone involved with this calamity. And start over. I want you to listen to this guy. Talk about what happened when they found sis. Basically people suspected of terror at the border. You'd think like they deported him. Right?


Good luck here. Check this out. In San Diego, we had an exponential increase in significant interest aliens. These are aliens with significant ties to terrorism. Prior to this administration, the San Diego sector averaged 10 to 15 S-I-A-R-S per year. Once Ward was out the border was far easier to cross. San Diego went to over 100 Sias in 2022. Well over that in 2023 and even more than that registered this year. These are the only the ones we caught at the time. I was told I could not release any information on this increase in Sias or mention any of the arrests. The administration was trying to convince the public there was no threat at the border.


Fentanyl is another issue. The San Diego area sees between 80 and 90% of the methamphetamine and fentanyl seizures annually for our entire country with little enforcement at the border. These drugs were coming through en mass during my last year in San Diego. The price for a single pill of fentanyl, for example, went from $10 to 25 cents. To make matters worse, during 2022 and 23, I had to shut down San Diego traffic checkpoints, which are critical for drug and addiction because the resources had been diverted to the process and release mission. So Sias, which is apparently their internal jargon for terrorists and drugs were flowing across the border.


And the Biden administration's first inclination was to tell these guys to shut their pie holes about it and not tell anyone while drugs and terrorists were piling across our border. Folks, how the, are you voting for Kamala Harris? How are you voting? I I, I don't understand how you're just not simply voting against her. Even if you hate Donald Trump, how the hell aren't you saying to yourself, okay, I can tolerate four more years. His last four years were pretty good. I maybe didn't like him, but I can get past my emotions for four more years. But I can't have drugs pour in my community and terrorists. How are you voting for this woman? The joy, joy, joy. How are you voting for her? How folks, I've had to hold my nose and vote for shit candidates a lot because the alternative was worse.


Republicans are stuck doing it all the time because we can't vote Democrat. They're communists. So we get stuck with Jeff Flakes and MIT Romneys. But we gotta go out and do it because the opposite is even worse. We live in a real world and we could get rid of 'em, which we did. Flake is gone and Romney's gone. I'm not voting for a communist, even though Romney sucks. How is it that Kamala fake supporters? 'cause there's no real supporters. They don't know what they're supporting. She doesn't say anything. How is it they're not saying the same thing. You are listening to a border patrol official blow the whistle on Capitol Hill about an enormous scandal. Terrorists and drugs piling across the border and the Biden team hiding it.


And you're voting for more of this. I I don't get it. I I genuinely don't get it. Even if your goal is to destroy America, to destroy America, you at least wanna like you have some kind of mercenary goal in it, at least right to profit for. How do you profit from this? Terrorists and drugs, unless you're a drug dealer or an actual terrorist folks, institutions are collapsing everywhere. I want you to listen. I need you to put down what you're doing for a second unless you're driving, holding small children sharp weapons or heavy machinery. Okay? This is a really, really important segment. Gee was joking about this article, but it's an important one folks, if we lose this election, we are at an inflection point right now.


I want you to understand this is not a normal election. We have a technology out there. Please, I hope this is coming across and if I'm beating this to death, I'm sorry but I still don't think people understand. There is a technology out there called artificial intelligence that over the next four years is going to come to dominate society like the internet. Did you understand nothing is gonna be the same. Did you see this latest iPhone update eye tracking. Siri can like finish your sentences now. Do you understand in four years this is gonna be geometrically more advanced technology.


You think the eye tracking on your iPhone is bad? Wait till you go out in public and every single thing you look at in the street has you eye tracked. Oh look, he stopped and looked at a Victoria's Secret head. Oh, my gosh. Let's him in. He must be looking for a lingerie for his wife or something. Gee, that never happens. This is gonna be everywhere. Oh no it's not Dan. Yes it is. And who do you gonna be vacuuming up all this information. That's right. The Kamala Harris government, if she wins, get your attention with the Victoria's Secret thing. Lemme go where I wanted to go with it.


You are walking down the street. There's a gun shop or a pawn shop. There's some government camera somewhere. Oh that's, that'll never happen. It's not like China does that. Now. You stop at the window, camera notices your eyes tracking a couple of firearms. You don't think you're gonna find yourself on a list. No. It's not like they're inventing technology that does that kind of stuff. It's not like they're inventing technology. It's gonna scour online for conservative content. Label it disinformation. Oh look, reclaim the net. Lockheed Martin develops a system to identify and counter online disinformation prototype by darpa.


You know, DARPA helped the create the early internet. You understand what this project is, right? This project has nothing to do with disinformation. This project has to do with a mass AI based censorship content censoring content online disinformation. I don't know what Lockheed's doing. I can tell you what the government's gonna do with it. We lose this election folks, and you vote your way into socialism. The only way out is death 'cause they'll come get you. This is not the Bill Clinton Bob Dole election man.


You understand why there's no excuse on election day. Oh, I'm sick, I got an ingrown toenail. Like, I don't care. That's cold, Dan. I don't care. I don't care about the to and I don't care that it's cold. we got a country to save. So my friend Ginny says, you are the leaders we've been waiting for. Don't wait for someone else to save it. It's yours. Whoever controls AI going forward will rule the world. That is not an exaggeration. You have no idea how powerful this technology's gonna be combined with facial id, eye tracking, movement technology, license plate scanners.


You are not gonna be able to do anything without the government knowing it. Now let me make this real for you. 'cause I, I've got the feeling, and forgive me, I know my P ones, you guys get it. But to the folks out there who aren't P ones, I wanna put a little meat on the bone. I wanna show you what's coming right now when the government and DARPA get a hold of really sophisticated advanced ai, which they're probably using now you have a gun. A lot of you do. I want you to listen to this clip by Tom Massey. He's, he's talking back and forth to Jerry Nadler. I don't know if you know this, but they tried to change regulations by the A TF to basically classify everyone as a gun dealer.


There's a very simple reason. They wanna make sure you're a gun dealer, so you have to sign up with the government so you can never dispose of your gun to your son or anyone else without them knowing where it is. That's the only reason, right? Here's Tom Massey talking about how this is all based on some fake gun show loophole. That's not even real. I'm gonna tie this to AI in a second. 'cause lemme tell you something. You don't think they're using AI to come after your guns. You're freaking crazy. Check this out. The department also notes that the term gun show loophole is a misnomer and that there is no statutory exemption under the Gun control act for unlicensed persons to engage in the business of dealing in firearms at a gun show or at any other venue.


I would hope that when Biden's own a TF quotes Biden's own DOJ, that there is no gun show loophole. That this is a lie that's repeated over and over in the media, that maybe my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would, would pay attention. They're trying to rewrite who a gun owner is so that you have to sign up as a federally licensed firearm dealer. Even if you give your gun to your kid legally because they want paperwork on you. Now, where do you think they're gonna go? Where do you think that once AI is fully implemented, when they start doing the raids to grab your guns, they're gonna use AI to figure out who exactly has the guns and they're gonna use this aggregation of a TF paperwork to figure it out.


None of this is hard. Oh, stop Dan. It's not like Kamala Harris has said she's gonna come into your house and check for your guns. Okay, here's Kamala Harris saying she's gonna come in your house and check for your guns. Check this out. Responsible Behaviors among everybody in the community. And just because you legally possess a gun in the sanctity of your locked home doesn't mean that we're not gonna walk into that home and check to see if you're being responsible and safe in the way you conduct your affair. Have you heard from It's her own words, man. Oh, that's a conspiracy theory then it's hers. How do you think they're gonna find the homes to go into AI folks?


DARPA projects, government ai aggregating paperwork in seconds. They're gonna generate lists. Cross-referencing MAGA people, conservative donations. Think tanks that are conservative gun owners bid in a store, credit card charged at a store. It's gonna take microseconds for them to figure this out. I mean, they called the ad industry works, right where they server. Exactly. You just brought up a grape. You ever go to like Sal ads? How do you think Google works? You folks? You don't think it's weird? Have you ever seen this Folks in the chat? Yes or no Bot Gino, get on this for me. We haven't used it in a while. You are in the house and you're telling, gee, this happened a few weeks ago.


Hey, I need a new microphone. Stan. My, this is a new one. The old one broke. We've had that one since the beginning. You don't find it weird In five minutes you get a Google and Facebook ad, microphone, equipment, new re twenties. You're like, holy shit. How'd they know that I didn't search anything? Are they listening to you? I have no idea. You don't think the government's doing the same thing? They've got eye trackers on your phone now. You don't think that data's being stored. Folks, the new iPhone iOS has I trackers. Look at it. It can track your eyes. It's an actual feature. You don't think that data's being stored? Oh look, he spent a lot of time looking at that SKS rifle.


He's a MAGA donor. Who do you think's buying this stuff? We lose this election, man. We are absolutely screwed. She's not kidding. We're gonna come in your homes and check up on your guns. Believe them when they say what they're gonna do. Here's the good news 'cause it's Friday and I'm in a really good mood today. Today's show so far been a fire show. I'm loving it. I like to have wide variety of topics. It lets me kind of expound a little bit and do the show I'd like to do. I like doing these shows, but sometimes the news takes over. The good news on a Friday is this is a genuinely awful candidate.


Kamala Harris. I'm not kidding folks. I know I'm not objective. I'm a Trump supporter, but I can try. This is the worst candidate they have ever run for president since Walter Mondale. She is unlikeable. She is cringey, she is not. She's really not bright. She has no aptitude. She's a very low social iq. She is just awful around people. And let me tell you something, I don't know what cool is. I grew up with happy days where Aons was the cool cat. So don don't know if I'm like the best judge of what's cool or not. don don't even know if cool's a word anymore. I don't know what these kids use. All these crazy words. don don't even know what it means.


The MOG stuff and all this that I gotta ask my daughter what half this shit means. Okay? The good news is Kamala is just not cool. It's like the gen se quo. You don't know what it is, but you know it when you see it and you, you sure as hell know it when you don't see it. Here's the CNN segment. We, one of the commentators noting we got a problem. Tim Walls tampon, Tim, Kamala Harris, they're really not cool, but Donald Trump just like kind of is. This is CNN by the way. Check this out. Donald Trump. He plays golf with Bryson Des Shambo. Yeah, he goes on Theon. He talks about Zis and you know Democrats, I'm sorry. Like they haven't had a cool guy candidate in a while and like, and with all due respect to Tim Walls, like Tim Walls appeals to a lot of men.


He also appeals to that guy Bruce. Yeah, Jeff's package is wearing a futurist female shirt. Yeah, like that guy in Madison, Wisconsin. Exactly. He is already gonna vote Democrat. Yeah. I'm sorry. I think how do you reach the young men? Yeah, Folks you notice is real. There he is. Tampon Tim making an appearance. Everything's backwards on the screen. There he is celebrating the men's tampon about that lady. Remember that lady with the no boys? Whatcha gonna do Showing up your eyes? That was probably the greatest clip ever. Did this guy's. Absolutely right. I never even heard this guy in my life. The cool thing, the Jetta se quo, whatever you wanna call it, I don't know man. I don't know what the hell cool is. If you're telling people you're cool, you're probably a douche bag.


But he's right. Trump goes on Gutfeld, they're laughing it up. Kamala Harris on Oprah. Can You feel the joy? She's like, happy, happy, joy, joy, joy. And everybody's like cringing, like looking at their buddy. Like, did that just happen? He's a weirdo. Here's some more good news. I love Rasmussen. It's one of the few polling sites. Polls don't mean shit, they only mean something to the media. That's it. And donors, however, I've said this over and over, I'd rather be up than down, right? But they don't mean shit to me. However, these Rasmussen guys are pretty good.


So when they talk, I listen here, was Rasmussen one of their pollsters on about Pennsylvania? It's all about Pennsylvania. I'm gonna leave you some good news on Friday. Well, I got more, but this is a good one. He's on with Benny Johnson. Benny's, a friend of mine. They were talking about Rasmussen, about Pennsylvania, excuse me, this Rasmussen again, this is really important. Check this out. Our new polls in Pennsylvania as well as these ones that just drop, might even start to change the betting odds in Pennsylvania because I still think they slightly favor Kamala Harris. And then the betting odds will start to go, because P Pennsylvania is so pivotal. The narrative is going to, in my opinion, probably next week, be that Kamala Harris is starting to lose.


Not, you know, not just Nate Silver and Mark Mitchell and a few of these under individual pollsters. Like in a way that they can't escape in the mainstream media. Wow. At least that's what it looks like. Folks, if he, if she loses Pennsylvania and Donald Trump can overcome this, the the debacle that's gonna ha. 'cause I'm telling you right now, they're gonna do what they did in 2020. She has almost no viable pathway to victory. None. She needs Pennsylvania like she needs a, you know, a Satory system to stay alive. She cannot lose Pennsylvania. It is pure desperation time.


If the polls turn bad in Pennsylvania next week for her, again, polls are shit. It's time to go out and execute. I don't care if it shows us up 10 points, it doesn't matter. Nothing changes, execute. Bring 10 people, period. But their internals in Pennsylvania must be really bad. By the way, this don don't know if this is a Trump ad or not. I saw this online yesterday, but if it isn't, this should absolutely be a Trump ad going forward. Trump team, you don't need my advice. Listen, you can do your own thing. You've been doing fine. However, if you were to ask your boy Dan Bonino, what would you do going forward in digital advertising? I would do nothing but play clips of Kamala Harris and just put the Donald Trump sounder at the end.


Exactly like this one. Check this out. Now they have pledged to carry out the largest deportation, a mass deportation in American history. Imagine what that would look like and what that would be. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. This is all they should do from this point on. They should play the video of Kamala Harris. We're gonna come into your homes and we're gonna take it. Take a look at what you're doing with your guns. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. I'm Kamala. We're gonna cancel your plan. We're gonna do it. We're just gonna start over in your healthcare plan. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. That's all I would do.


Would you defund ice? Yeah, I think we should start over and get rid of ice. I'm Donald Trump and I approve. That's all I would play. The thing about Kamala Harris, ladies and gentlemen is Kamala Harris's worst enemy is not Donald Trump. It's Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris cannot escape her history of saying really dumb shit. And that's why I'm a little freaked out that the cheating and everything else is gonna be worse than it was even in 2020. Now, I had a guest, Ned Ryan on my radio show yesterday, who believe me, is as conservative. As conservative gets this guy is. He'll go after any side. He's a good dude. I had him on about his book. Ned said that a lot of the cheating mechanisms they had in 2020, not all have been cleaned up a bit.


We'll see, I'm a bit of a skeptic. He's kind of skeptical too, but he made some really good points. If you're on my locals account, you can see the interview yesterday. The third hour of the radio show is only available online for local subscribers. But folks, this story about the Iranians giving information to the Kamala Harris team. Oh man, hold on a second. Not you guys, but I'm gonna throw the Bonino rule flag here. I'm just gonna tell you something. Forget about the politics and the other stuff for a second.


I think this story's a little more sinister than the media's led on. I'm sorry, should I? I, the story's very simple. The Iranian Death to America government was apparently trying to leak information to Kamala Harris's campaign. Ladies and gentlemen, if this was the Trump campaign, you know damn well like my name is Dan Bonino, there would be an F-B-I-F-I-S-A investigation right now, and Donald Trump will be in handcuffs. But amazingly, you've heard very little about this story. Were there communications? Did someone from the Harris campaign get honey potted?


I mean, the Iranians do want to kill President Trump and all. Why have we heard more about this story? Again, it seems like kind of a big deal, right? The Death to America, Iranians involved in a really hot conflict right now in the Middle East. We're trying to coordinate with the Democrat Nominee for President's campaign while openly threatening the life of the opponent. Donald Trump seems like kind of a big story. No, I think the FBI being involved in that. Here's Tim Murtaugh from the com Trump campaign.


A really, really a great guy. Murtaugh's, excellent on Fox. He has some pretty pertinent questions about this. You should probably pay attention to. Well, it's election interference, isn't it? Plain and simple and it's, there's no mystery why that would be. When Donald Trump was president, Iran was weak and broke. And under Biden and Harris, they are strong and rich. And so of course the Iranians prefer Kamala Harris, of course, because they have appliance sympathetic figure in her. The questions here today are, what exactly did the Harris campaign do with this stolen information that they were sent? Did they, what did they do with it? Did they try to shop it to the media? Did they use it in any way? This is absolutely election interference and the big question today is what did Kamala Harris know and when did she know it about this Iranian election interference?


No question. It's happening. Interesting story. No, folks, folks in the chat. Am I am, am I, am I nuts? Are you not? A little bit interested in this story as well? Is there a FIA investigation going on? Because you started a foreign intelligence surveillance act spying operation on Donald Trump over a fake dossier about a fake peepee tape everybody knew was fake. Yet this story seems pretty well confirmed that the Death to America crowd was attempting to coordinate with the Democrat nominee for President. And by the way, current vice president seems like an interesting story to me. Hmm.


Listen to what I'm telling you. The Secret Service is known about the Iranian threat for four years. They've known about the sniper threat for a long time. Anybody find this group of events converging at the same time? Just a tad bit strange. I'm gonna leave that there. You can all talk about that over the weekend, folks. Thanks again for tuning. In. Hey listen, rumble is free for you to watch the video show. We are not on any other video platforms. We're not on Screw Tube. We are only on Rumble. Join us every day. We are the biggest live stream in the world and we love it. Thanks to you, the Bonino Army is strong.


11:00 AM Eastern Time. All you gotta do is do a simple thing. Go to rumble.com/ Bonino, watch the show. Wanna comment, comment away in the chat room or download the Rumble app. We would love it if, if you don't like the ads, rumble Premium is an option for you. You can sign up right there and our members only tab. We really appreciate it. Get Rumble Premium. It's an ad free experience. If you don't like the ads, we understand. Also, please give us a follow On Apple Podcast and Spotify. Just search for the Dan Bongino Show click. That follow button helps us stay on the top charts. That way you can listen anywhere. If you don't wanna watch, you just wanna listen. We really appreciate it. I'll see you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes and back here on Monday.


11:00 AM Eastern Time. Thank you for another amazing week. We love you guys. Thank you so much. See you Monday. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.