
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Haley. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry If you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley. I'll see you there.


Hey everybody, welcome to this Thursday edition, VINCE returning to the home studio today. Here we are, which means we may get a major count. I'm excited for that. Always good to be with you today. The president of the United States announced a massive, massive trade deal is about to arrive. In fact, if you're watching this live rumble.com/ VINCE, that those details may arrive as we're speaking. So we're gonna keep an ear and an eye out to the President of the United States at this hour. We'll keep tracking all of that, and as always, great to have you with us. We got a really big show ahead of us, including that trade deal. I've gotta get into the details of that and some Democrats getting smacked around in Congress yesterday by Treasury Secretary Scott Besson, FBI, director Cash Patel had a lot to say.


I feel very good about this and great to have you with us as always.


Hey, this morning, it was kind of funny this morning, this gets right into our first sponsor today. I went out and I had a very nice little breakfast with the CEO of the radio company that I work with, Westwood one Cumulus. And we were sitting there and we, we were just chatting. She was, she was being very nice to me. Took me out to breakfast and she was asking me what I do to get some rest, to take a break. And I swear to you, I said, you have no idea how good my Helix mattress has been for me. And she just looked at me like, she, she did a double take. She's like, really? I said, no. It's like the real deal. I really thought that I was doomed to the crappiest sleep ever. I was never, I just was never gonna find a comfortable mattress. And then Helix came into my life, and I truly mean it has been great. After long days of work. I look forward to Helix Baby. It's changed the game for me and for my wife. It's gonna change the game for you, I think too. Helix Sleep is an award-winning mattress brand that has been the essential reason why I wake up feeling just totally refreshed and ready to take on each new day. If you deal with things like snoring or sleep apnea, back pain, or even If you sleep too hot, Helix Mattress can figure out which mattress is gonna work best for you. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE and get started. Once you get your mattress delivered, you can finally get some comforting sleep. And right now, Helix has an exclusive offer for a listeners of this podcast, 27% off sitewide plus a free bedding bundle, including a sheet set and a mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's right. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE and you'll get 27%, 27% off sitewide plus a free bedding bundle with any Lux or Elite mattress. Order exclusive for listeners of VINCE Helix sleep.com/ VINCE. Yeah. Yeah, that was, I I mean it too. I love the mattress. I I can't help it. I really do.


Okay, here's a, here's what We got going on in the world. We've got, We got a lot going on in the world. We got the president of the United States. He is set to make a big announcement, perhaps this hour. So we're gonna keep an eye on that. If the president pops up at any moment, we might be able to bring that to you. That's something we're keeping an eye on. But last night, the President did make this announcement on Truth Social that we're going to have a really big trade deal again to be announced at 10:00 AM in the morning. Here he is, a big news conference Tomorrow morning, 10:00 AM the Oval Office concerning a major trade deal with representatives of a big and highly respected country. The first of many now that obviously quite the teaser.


And then overnight we start to get the reports that this is the United Kingdom. This is the United Kingdom. A big old country, the United Kingdom, the the New York Times here with some of the reporting on the subject saying that the Trump administration is set to announce this trade deal with Britain. The deal would be a positive sign for both governments, which have ied an agreement since President Trump's first term, president Trump with one of our, our longest allies. An ally that hilariously, we fought a war of independence against. But now a close ally of the United States, president Trump expected to announce today that comprehensive deal with the Brits. In fact, president Trump himself has confirmed this, not just the New York Times.


He said that this deal will quote cement the relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom for many years to come because of our long history and allegiance together. It's a great honor to have the United Kingdom as our first announcement. He says, many other deals, which are in serious stages of negotiation, are set to follow. Now as far as what's in this deal, what is actually a part of it, we can turn, at least for the moment to the UK side of things because Sky News has a report on the subject this morning that I kind of found interesting. Now, bear with this report because they're reporting it from the grumpy British side, which is, I can't believe Trump imposed tariffs at all in Austin in the first place.


But listen to some of the details here shared by the Brits this morning. Yeah. What I'm hearing this morning is that the heart of this deal, as far as it extends, and Sam has been pointing out, we really don't know exactly how deep or detailed disagreement will be. But at the heart is an attempt to secure concessions on the whinging tariffs, 25% that affect the British car industry, The whinging tariffs. And in order to get some relief on that, the UK has had to give ground on agriculture, food, and agriculture trade, which is much smaller in terms of its value, both to the UK and to the us. But our understanding is that the government has given ground on agriculture. I'm hearing from government sources that there will be be wins for British farmers out of this, which indicates that the government is ready, at least when we get the detail to defend what it does.


Let's have a little look at what's in stake. Agricultural products, more agricultural purchases from the United States here in The bigger picture in this deal. Let's have a look. First of all, the goods trade between the UK and us. You'll notice it's balanced about 62 billion pounds worth of imports from the US. Come here. This is over a year to last year. And 66 billion pounds of goods going the other way. So by Donald Trump's logic, we shouldn't face any tariffs, but we do blanket 10% tariff. A little annoyed. Why are we facing tariffs? It's a quick note at this point that when it comes to trade services is far more valuable to the UK economy. Look at that.


137 billion pounds. But when it comes to tariffs, it's trade in goods that counts. Have a look at what's flowing back and forth. This is good. From the uk, from the US into the uk. Machinery and transport equipment, fuels, chemicals. That's pharmaceuticals. Just want you to remember this number. Food and live animals, just a billion pounds worth. Yeah. At the moment in trade. So not very big at all. When it comes to tariffs levied by the us, it's this chart that counts. These are UK goods going to the United States. The biggest single sector, 22 billion pounds of machinery in transport equipment. That includes cars, Cars, cars is a huge thing. We buy a lot of cars from the United Kingdom.


They're nowhere near at the same level that we are per capita. Take a look at this. Fuels chemicals really important. It's interesting to see what they'll say about pharmaceuticals, which are included in there when we get the deal. So these are all the areas that are gonna face tariffs. And it's really crucial to cars. And this is why, look at this. 9 billion pounds of British car exports to the United States every year, by far the single country largest trading partner look more than double China. 9 billion pounds Nations. One in four of every cars that sold outta the UK every year goes to America. So 25% tariffs could be critical for that industry. Look at the trade going the other way.


'cause there's a suggestion we might be some tariffs reduced on cars coming from America. We actually tariff cars at 10% ourselves. Less than a billion pounds. Got that American cars flow into the uk I think. So this is the critical element here. I think look at the, the cars. If, and again, we're just kind of projecting forward right now, what we might hear from the president coming up soon. But with the auto industry in particular, president Trump has been very, very dissatisfied with the imbalance going on in our auto industry. That we have so many European imports coming into the United States. So many Asian imports coming into the United States, but not enough American cards being sold in those respective countries.


And so If you have $9 billion of imports from the UK flowing into the United States and just $1 billion, not even from the United States going to the uk, this is the kind of trade imbalance the president is talking about. The president has been working in particular to help the American auto industry here. And so here's an area that could be dramatically improved. If UK drops its trade barriers, if we can get more US cars into that market, we could, we could have something very, very good going on here. So keeping an eye out for the President's remarks this morning on this subject. And whether or not the auto industry plays a big role. Additionally, agriculture, You know, we've got a lot of American farmers.


We, they, they said, of course, sell food here in the United States. We wanna sell a lot of that agricultural product all across the planet. The president's not arriving at this deal lightly. He wants a good deal to start this. He wanted a big country to start this. So announcing it with the United Kingdom first, that's a way to signal to all of the other countries. The president is serious. He's willing to come to the negotiating table and he wants big deliverables that he can bring to the American people. So this is, this is a very good start and a warning shot to China that you better hurry up and get these negotiations started set to start taking place this Saturday. Alright, so we, we await the President of the United States.


Now here's the thing. Scott Besson was the treasury secretary, was testifying yesterday before Congress about all of this. And he was saying that, yes, we've got some trade deals underway, but there was a Democrat member of Congress, but tried to corner him. Well, tell us what countries, exactly what countries exactly. This is Democrat, Congresswoman Velazquez of New York. Take a look at cut one here. The Treasury Secretary Scott Beston going, I'm not gonna tell you, we're waiting on these deals. We gotta figure out what's going on. And the last thing I'm gonna do is jeopardize them by telling you who are just trying to use this to attack these deals. Take a look Specifically, which countries are you close to striking deals with?


I I, I'm sorry congresswoman, But that would not benefit the United States. No, no, no. I'm asking you a question based on the statement that you made on CNBC And I, I am telling you that it would be detrimental to the interest of the United States for me to answer that question. Why will that be detrimental? Because the, as the negotiations may still be in process as we speak, as we are not at the end of the week yet. I am sure that you, you, through your question, would not want to compromise us negotiations. We reclaiming my time, Reclaiming my time.


Are all of these people, low iq? Is every single one of these Democrats an idiot? Like, what, what was that? So, so you get the Treasury Secretary saying, look, we're gonna jeopardize these deals. If we start revealing details in public we haven't yet revealed, we'll do that on our own timetable. This is really about can we succeed in these negotiations and naming countries and suggesting that we are near a deal that diminishes our leverage to declare that we think we are close to saying yes to something. So I'm not gonna do that. That's crazy. Say, why won't you reveal it? Why won't you reveal it? Reclaiming my time. Okay, fine. You reclaiming your time. He's not revealing it. Scott Bessant running circles intellectually around all these Democrats, which is the trend every time he goes in for these things.


I like Scott, be I, how about you? Do you guys like Scott Beson? Better and better and better? Every time you hear from him, he's, he's been great. He came on the podcast, of course, he came on the show a couple weeks ago. He was a great interview. He is one of my favorite interviews we've done. I I loved talking to Scott Beson. He's been pretty impressive as a treasury secretary and, and yes, run in circles around these guys and now leading the negotiations with China. He's, he's off to Europe to talk to China on Saturday and Sunday. Yeah, you guys are happy about this, the chat. Very happy about Scott Besson. Me too. Me too. It it is amazing. What, what's going on with this guy? So he testifies yesterday we had a couple of these moments with Besson at where he's testifying before these idiotic Democrats, including Maxine Waters.


This is really funny. Maxine Waters apparently has met Scott Besson before, but she's too dumb to have remembered it. So Scott Besson had to, had to remind her that it was apparently at some venue where they were both doing the electric slide. Take a look, Scott Bessett yesterday. Very much Mr. Chairman, secretary Bess. This is the first time we've met. Is that correct? No, ma'am. We actually met one New Year's Eve in The Bahamas. And I I was, He didn't make an impression. Why don't I remember that? Well, you were much better at the electric slide than I was. Yeah. And I was with the Prime Minister. Does that Mean she was hammered? Is that what he is saying?


You were much better at the electric slide than I was. Was was Maxine Waters just absolutely sloshed. So she doesn't remember anything. She's dancing the electric slide. I Was with the Prime Minister of The Bahamas yesterday. Prime Minister Davis, who sent his regards, Well, were you with my husband when he was the ambassador to The Bahamas appointed by Clinton. So, Well what? It's not gonna like this. And Okay, what, obviously the whole reason you would have a Bahamas connection is because of your husband. That's the reason Scott Beson said that to you. Anyway, that's Maxine Waters, who is still just as crazy as she's ever been. And then there's this, she was asking, Hey, about these Doja officials who have gone into, into the Treasury Department.


They went into the Treasury Department. They don't even work there. Scott Besson had to very patiently explain to this idiot that these were treasury officials. The guys who are working for the Department of Government Efficiency are also treasury employees who are making that agency more efficient. Maxine Water is trying to scandalize this yesterday. Do You know the level, type or nature of the clearances and security training required for individuals to access the information held in the computers of Treasury IRS or CFPB? Yes, I do. And I think we would have a disagreement over the definition of the word unfettered.


Mrs. Secretary, Look at him smirking. I just love, I love the smirk. Scott Bein could not help but just continue to smile every time. Look at him, look at the, look at the grid on his face. He is like, I can't even believe I've gotta explain all of this to you. But here we are. Mrs. Secretary did all the individuals working with Doge who were given access to treasury and CFBs computer databases receive all of the required clearances and security training before they were granted access Again, they were granted read only access at treasury. Yeah, there were two. No. Yeah, he's, the reason he is emphasizing this is because remember, Democrats were claiming that Doge employees are meddling with the payment systems.


No, they're auditing the government's payments. They're trying to figure out how the government has been wasting all of your money. So that takes looking at the payment system and remember what they found? They found that there was unbelievable amounts of money going out the door. And nobody was even labeling what the expenses were. They were just sloppily spending money that we don't have. And the effect of that has been to further impoverish our country, make everything more expensive, drive up inflation. So now you finally have an administration that's going, that's crazy. We should have a well-documented payment system. So they send in the Doge guys to look at it and they find problems. Scott Besson going, yeah, it was read only access. It was literally just designed to audit the system. The left wants to keep lying about it.


And Scott Besson is getting out ahead of those laws. That'd Be just say, Doja employees please. You can't filibuster here. This is not the filibuster playground. What's she talking about? She's been the one running her suck. The all time Besson gives these curt little important answers and she, she's accusing him of filibuster. So What you did was you let these strangers into our treasury with access to all of the data, all of the personnel information. Yes. Yes. And you just opened the door. Why'd you do that So that the government could become more efficient? Why are you upset about transparency, Congresswoman? No, ma'am. They, they were treasury employees. Oh, are you saying today in front of this committee that all of them were treasury employees?


That the 25-year-old who's being identified That she's against 25 year olds. This is Democrats. They're attacking young people who Worked for Elon Musk, was not allowed, was allowed into the Treasury. Was that person there That he was a treasury employee? As was Tom Kraus, the senior person on the Doge team. Okay. There were only two people. There were Doge employees also. Sorry. Do You know, were you aware that there were Doge employees coming into Employees of the federal government going into a federal government building? This is a scandal. This is a dope going after Doge. You're Getting all of our personal information. Well, ma'am, there is no such thing as a Doge employee.


There were treasury employees. I I, I tend to disagree with you based on the information I have. What Information, what, what secret information do you have? Share it with us, Congresswoman, please. Let's put you under oath. Tell us all your secrets. What a psycho. So Maxine Water's going toe to toe with a guy who's 10,000 times smarter than she is. This is almost, this is almost unfair. This is like beating a puppy. What are we doing here? Maxine Waters, who's still, for some reason, a member of Congress after inciting riots in the United States, getting the feast of our political opponents, hurt them, hurt them, let there be no peace. She's, she's really something else. And she's not the only one who got embarrassed coming up.


I wanna show you Cash Patel, the, the FBI director. Hey, Nick Las said, Hey, VINCE. Let let us hear them speak. Stop interrupting. How about No, how about I do interrupt on my own pace, on my own schedule. Here Nick, settle down, son. This is the way I do things. And actually the reason for that is because I've got fact checks that are unbelievably good. That's the whole point. The un that are unbelievably good. Actually, it's always been my thing too. I interrupt these clips. I like interrupting them. We call them Vincent replays. That's how we handle these things. Hey, coming up, I do wanna show with you, show for you FBI Director Cash Patel, who is unbelievably good. He did some congressional testimony yesterday. And I, I'm telling you right now, these Democrats, they should just stop showing up for these hearings.


'cause these are embarrassing, embarrassing spectacles for them. We'll get into the details on that in just a moment. More Vincent replays coming up. Looking forward to that.


Hey, while we may have won the election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now's the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile leading the charge Baby. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile is offering a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you're gonna get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the difference for you. Every dollar that you spend supports a company that believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching totally easy. Keep your number, keep your phone even upgrade. Their 100% US-based customer support team is gonna help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today. You don't even see Patriot right at the top of your phone. And defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Okay, here we go. We've got, we've got Cash Patel now, which I love. FBI, director Cash Patel. Straight up dog walked a Democrat, congresswoman yesterday. This is Dean Congresswoman Madeline Dean. In fact, let me, fellas, I'm gonna pull this up on my side 'cause I, I want, I want to maybe I'll VINCE replay this one. Here's Cash Patel, Madeline Dean. Now once again, going back to the correct screen here. There he is that handsome son of a bitch. That's not Maxine Waters. That's Cash Patel, let's put him on screen. Here he is. Cash Patel An agency. I was an impeachment manager for President Trump's second impeachment.


It was a sad, solemn duty. What a, you should be ashamed of yourself for admitting that out loud. And So I wanted to ask you about that, Mr. Patel. As you and the president continue to weaponize and investigate his perceived enemies as you follow this blueprint, when can I, a former impeachment manager expect the FBI at my door? Ma'am, you wanna know who was targeted by a weaponized FBI? Me. You wanna know how and why? Well, you make, wanna know what I'm doing to fix it? Write About that. Let me move on. Well, You should read the book because there's no enemies list on that book. So there are people that violated their constitutional obligations and their duties to the American people.


That's good. And they were rightly called out. And you should give that book to every one of your constituents so they can read about it. I won't. Okay, let let me make a point here. Lemme make a point on what's going on here. So, so for anyone who doubts that Cas Patel is serious about the people who've been in our government, who've been violating the law and hurting American citizens, that he's somehow given up on that mission. You watch this clip and you tell me that he's given up on that mission. He is positively citing his own book, government gangsters. He's positively identifying that yes, there are people in that book that he has cited who have hurt our country, that he takes very seriously. He's not abandoning that mission. He's doubling down on that mission in the course of this q and a.


Otherwise he would've danced away from that. He, he would've been like, look, we're just focused on arresting criminals that we catch in the streets. And they should be, by the way, they should be focused on that. But the, the fact is the FBI director is now standing up for himself once again in the career that you knew that he had prior to coming into this role. So this is just a reminder. Is his head still in the right place? You bet it is. And he's telling this Democrat, Congresswoman, how about you buy the book and give it to your constituents that Violated their constitutional obligations and their duties to the American people? That's good. And they were rightly called out. And you should give that book to every one of your constituents so they can read about It. I won't be doing that. That's their loss. During your Senate confirmation hearings, you repeatedly denied having any involvement as a private citizen in the firing of FBI officials who engaged in the prosecution against January 6th insurrectionists the violent rioters who beat and killed capitol police Officers.


That's a lie. There were no Capitol police officers killed by rioters. That's ridiculous. No, but no. January 6th people killed a capitol police officer. It never happened. She's lying as a member of Congress just sitting up there on the day. It's just lying. The only people killed on January 6th were Trump supporters. That's it. Only Trump supporters killed on January 6th. Madeline Dean just lying throughout all of this, by the way. But that's a, that's a pretty, pretty straight up terrible lie to tell Six insurrectionists the violent rioters who beat and killed capital police officers and whom you refer to as political prisoners. Since then, multiple whistleblowers have come forward.


And we know that you likely committed perjury at the same hearing. You claimed you were not familiar with Stu Peters and anti-Semitic Holocaust denier, despite the fact that you appeared on Mr. Peter's podcast eight separate times. Eight times, and you claimed not to recall. Mr. Patel. My second question is, should we worry more about your memory or your veracity? We should worry more about your lack of candor. Yeah. You're confusing me of committing perjury. Tell the American people how I broke the law and committed a felony. You have the audacity to actually put the facts forward. The answer is both. Instead of lying for political banter so you can have a 22nd donation hit.


The answer is both. I believe that The, the answer is your failing not me my Time. Go ahead. I I I love this Cash Patel. Now I remember of course, when he was going through Senate confirmation, he had to be more restrained. And, and the senators are like, is you being mannerly here? And, and that these guys, to the extent that they could, they try and maintain, what do they say? Decorum and will be very civil and polite and, and not confront. I mean, it's crazy because what you're, what what happens is, is these guys are slandered constantly and they can only respond to limited, a limited range of that slander before they're confirmed. Now that he's confirmed it's weapons free baby. And Madeline Dean is like, oh, this lie about you and this lie about you.


He goes, how about you stop lying to the American people and she doesn't know what to do with it? 'cause he, because one, he's 10 times smarter than she is. And two, he's beaten her, beaten her into a pulp in her own hearing. Come on now. Somebody's yammering. Mr. Patel, I believe that the members of the FBI and I know many of the many retired 38,000 people, as you say, it's a little less than that now. Oh, stop. Deserve the very best. Oh, please deserve extraordinary independence. She, What she wants is the FBI to crush you. That's what she wants. She doesn't want independence. She wants, she wants complete subservience to the Democrats. And their political goals Deserve freedom from the fears of being investigated, the freedom of coming forward to make sure they're doing their job.


Yeah. She's, she's so full of crap. It's unbelievable agency. She's, I was an imp impeach. All right, so that was Madeline Dean. That was Cash Patel. Now that was not the, the, the only moment where We got to see one of these, one of these things happen. We also saw this moment, Madeline Dean, this is how it ends. It is so fantastic. FBI Director Cash Patel saying that he's gonna keep upholding the Constitution here. She's yelling at him as if he's embarrassing the FBI. He turns the tables on her. Here, listen to this. You're asking for more than a billion dollars than the President's request. Are you going to go to the president and straighten out that gulf? I'll do what I've always done and represent the American people.


Defend this country and make sure the Constitution is always upheld and the FBI has never weaponized. Maybe you should do the same. Amen. So you agree with the president when he says he doesn't know if he should uphold his constitutional Duty. If you wanna just keep putting words in my mouth, the TV cameras are outside. I thank you. I yield back again. This is an unserious moment, sadly, for the FBII yield Back more. So for you, You wanna keep putting words in my mouth? The cameras are outside. Why don't you go out there, lady? This is an unserious moment for the FBI. No more. So for you, click, click, click, click.


This guy moves too fast for her. She can't keep up. She can't keep up. So good for good for cash, man, that's good to see him back out there. I still cash. If you're listening, brother, I wanna have you on the show. I wanna have you a big conversation with you about what the FBI is up to and all this, all these efforts that you're pursuing. We got, we did get some important news from them this week. They're, they're breaking down these child sex rings like crazy, man. They're arresting people left and right who have been abusing children. Hundreds of arrests all across the country, breaking up these demonic child sex rings, child abuse rings. That's the action we wanna see. You know, I less really in the end, you want less talk more action.


But If you can do both, I'm for it. You know, because, because If you can get that, get the message out, get these videos out, get these statements out, and show people that you're actually doing stuff. One, it gives us the people who care about this, some comfort that things are actually getting done, achieved. And two, it sends a warning to wouldbe criminals or, or anybody that, yeah, there's a deterrent here, which is you're gonna have your life flipped upside down. If you dare hurt a child in the United States of America to the wood shipper, you go, that should be the, the message from the FBI. Good, good to see C Patel fighting back against these Democrats.


All right, let's, let's thank our sponsors and make it all possible. You know, it is said that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. That's true by the way, the, the meat industry. Very centralized control in the United States. And reports say that China controls the largest portion of US pork. Look it up. You know, these companies, they're using tactics to crush American family farms and with the additives that they keep putting into all that food. Americans are stuck with very sketchy meat. But there's something we can do about this. Lemme tell you about a great company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called Mink. Mink, M-O-I-N-K. It's a combo of moo and oink. You understand? Mo's meat comes from animals raised outdoors and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised, harvested, all right here in the United States of America. Now, I recently got my MOK delivery and I got some, got some great stuff. I got my steaks, got some burgers, some, some ground beef, some bacon. Lemme tell you, we started with the bacon, which just, You know, we had some company over and we were like, Hey, what have We got in the fridge? I was like, I got some Mok bacon. It just arrived. You wanna try it? We put the bacon in, we cooked it, And it was, I swear to you, the best bacon I've had in my entire life, the best I've ever had. It was really, really good. Mok has some very, very good meat. I love how great it tastes. I know you will too. Support American Family Farms. Join the mok movement today. How about that? You see what I did. The mok box.com/ VINCE, that's mink box.com/ VINCE right now. And get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free. But for a limited time, spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ VINCE, that's mink box.com/ VINCE. Mink is good. I've got the Monk t-shirt, I gotta get the monk t-shirt and put it on sometime for the show.


And also this, I gotta tell you about Hillsdale. I love Hillsdale. Hillsdale. I just adore because this is a, this is a great operation that loves America and they teach people about America. Have you ever heard anybody say either on the internet or elsewhere television in your own life, perhaps capitalism's evil? Well, how do you respond to that? How did you respond? And when did Capitalism specifically become evil? Explore these questions and more with Understanding Capitalism. A free online course from Hillsdale College. Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. Free online courses. You can learn all about the United States Constitution. The stories in the book of Genesis, the rise in the fall of the Roman Republic. Cool, huh? Or the history of the ancient Christian Church. All with Hillsdale colleges free online courses. Hillsdale recently launched a new course called Understanding Capitalism. And it's great. In seven lectures, you'll, you'll learn all about the role of profit and loss and how human nature plays a role in our economic system. And above all, freedom and why capitalism is ultimately the best system to encourage morality rather than undermine it. So go right now to hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to enroll in this course. Understanding Capitalism. There really is no cost. It's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/events to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ VINCE.


All right, yeah, so great to see Scott Besson and Cash Patel. They're also good to see. Yeah, somebody noticed Major did Waltz into the room. Yes, indeed. And somebody, oh, Saul powered asks what? What's the letter on the Blanton's bottle? That's a T for those of you playing along at home, lemme see, lemme show. Maybe the major camp can help us Is the Blanton's Camp for a moment? Yeah, there we go. That is a letter t me, for those who don't know the, the Blanton's made by Buffalo Trace. Great bourbon. Although sometimes a little chaotic to find, they have all of the letters of Blanton's in each of the corks.


B-L-A-N-T-O-N-S, including an apostrophe S for for the final S. And you can collect all of them. And then I think years ago, I don dunno if they still do it, you can get 'em all mounted to, You know, a little, so wood stave from a bourbon barrel. They just, they drill a bunch of holes and then you can get all of the letters put in. Maybe, I think you have to maybe pay for it now or something. I don't really know how it works. But plans is good. Plans is a, is a great bottle. Bourbon pretty cool. Okay, lemme see here. I've got, oh, I've got a new Gingrich reacting to all of these idiotic Democrats thinking that they can outmatch Scott Besson and Cash Patel. Listen to Gingrich's I interpretation of events here.


Funny. Gingrich is a very smart guy, obviously. He always has been. There was one other moment he, when the, when c Patel was you, you are failing at what you're trying to do. Your reaction, Well, first of all, it's very unfair. President Trump picks brilliant people. They know what they're doing. They do their homework. They actually are, do, have achieved real things. And they're up against a group of people who are lazy, out of touch with reality, don't do their homework and set themselves up to look like fools.


I mean, I think at a very unfair fight. Yep. And I think that at some point, those Democrats who are left, who are serious, are gonna say to their colleagues, You know, If you can't do your homework, don't do the hearing. Don't put Yourself. This is one of the issues with Democrats, You know, not only are their policies insane, and not only is there, is there just way too much venom on the left and try, there're trying to incite riots against, You know, Americans, it's been, it's been gross as what they've done as a party. They're also not battle tested at all. They've given up on the political debate so much that they're not good at it. That If you engage them in a battle of ideas, they tap out and instantly go to emotion. They can't handle it.


That's why a OC can't handle an actual debate. It's impossible for her. She doesn't know what to do because she doesn't bother looking at the topic at all. They don't open, they don't take a mental inventory. They don't op they don't take that box off the shelf. They don't open it up up. They don't look inside. They don't examine what's inside of it at all. There's none of that. It's just this echo chamber that they've created where they convince themselves, Democrat, good, Trump bad. And then they filter everything through that lens. So if Trump does it, I'm against it. It's insane. So in other words, they're not really capable of exchanging in the battle of ideas in a constructive way. So they just become hysterical. They just start shrieking or burning things down, or attacking or pooping on Teslas rather than actively engaging with you.


So what new Gingrich is tapping into is totally right. These Democrats, they're lazy, they're not good at this. And they're completely outmatched. And it keeps being demonstrated. When these guys come before Congress and, and Scott Besson and Cash Patel, they don't communicate like this unless they got that idea from President Trump. President Trump, the, the key guy who's really brought the fight to his adversaries, his political adversaries, and saying, Hey look, I'm not gonna accept the premise of your stupid question. Let me just tell you what you're actually doing, whose interests you're actually serving here. And so each of these Trump officials in succession, they've ingested that worldview, they've ingested that attitude and they're using it to a lot of success as they go to these congressional hearings.


So, You know, in between accomplishments for the country, I hope they do continue these congressional hearings. 'cause I do like seeing these Democrats smacked around. And it does demonstrate why the Trump, the Trump administration was the right choice by the American voter. Love that. Totally love that. Yeah. And these, these guys are cartoon characters. You, you see Bernie Sanders this week. Bernie Sanders was on Fox with Brett Bear yesterday. That would be Wednesday. And here's cut eight fellas. Can you play cut eight for me? This is Bernie Sanders insisting that the only thing that he has to he can do is fly private. You see on his oligarchy tour, he's gotta fight the oligarchs with their own weapons. Private jets Says Bernie Sanders spent 221,000 on private jets fighting the oligarchy tour paid for by friends of Bernie Sanders, that you've spent millions of dollars in campaign funds on private jet travel over the years.


How, how do you push back on both of those things? When's The last time you saw Donald Trump during a campaign mode at National Airport? No, no, no. What? It doesn't, But that he's also not fighting the oligarchy. No, you and you run a campaign and you do three or four or five rallies in a week. The only way you can get around to talk to 30,000 people think I'm gonna be sitting on a waiting line at United waiting. You know what? 30,000 people are waiting. That's the only way you can get around. No apologies for that. That's what campaign travel is about. We've done it in the past. We're gonna do it in the future. You, you think I'm just gonna stand around waiting with the normal people at United, at the desk like, You know, sitting around waiting for my number to be called sitting if whether or not not make the flight, if I get my first class seat, you think do any of this?


Nope. It's very inconvenient to go to TSAI gotta wait for all that time. You know, sometimes there's a line for the bathroom. It's very difficult to get into the bathroom at my age. I gotta go frequently. I don't like doing that. I need a private jet. That's the only way to get around. The only way that a guy like me, if I'm gonna defeat all look hockey, I gotta use a private jet. It's very convenient. I even have a chef. This is ridiculous. Bernie is crazy. Yes, yes. People are saying crazy, crazy, Bernie, he's crazy. He's so full of crap. The, the, You know, how are we gonna get to all these things? Well, maybe schedule them further apart. Maybe they don't have to be in the same afternoon for your convenience.


Like, maybe, maybe that, you know, Bernie always burning his money and fuel. It's, it's wild. So there he is justifying his lavish lifestyle. Bernie Sanders, who is a multimillionaire who owns multiple houses whose wife was at the center of a, of a big college scandal up in Vermont. Bernie Sanders is a complete phony, a complete phony. And he is totally unprincipled too, so far as he pretends to have principles. Remember there was a time in his career where he was telling people, You know, illegal immigration is a bad thing for the country. We shouldn't have people pulling across the border.


I took, he said it was a Koch brothers conspiracy. It was the Kochs that wanted cheap labor pouring across the border. And, and that may be the case, but Bernie was opposed to illegal immigration at one point because of the effect it would have on American workers, which is correct. And then as he ran for president each and every time over and over and over again, he abandoned that. And he all of a sudden was the, the ProAm amnesty guy. Oh, anybody can come in. We should have anybody. Why would we reject them? Okay. All right, Bernie, you phony. You phony, you socialist. And if I may, on this Bernie Sanders thing, If you have anybody in your life who's a Bernie bro who's still attracted to the Bernie Sanders socialism worldview where he attacks all the big corporations and the the and the rich people who are pulling the strings and subverting the country.


All this stuff. So wait a second. What are you telling me? Your solution, Bernie and the people who support him, is that you think to, to answer corrupt concentrations of power, which is what he always talks about. The answer to that is to confiscate the wealth of American citizens and create the single largest concentration of corrupt power inside of the federal government. That's your answer. It's idiotic. And I do have one beef with Brett Bayer's retort. It responds 'cause because Bernie tried to dodge into, well, you don't see Trump at National Airport, so, so burn. So Brett responded, yeah, because Trump's not fighting the oligarchy. That's what he said.


I disagree with that. Trump's been more effective at fighting back against corrupt business interests than Bernie Sanders could ever dream. In fact, we just got a big announcement here in the last 24 hours that is gonna be a part of a further earthquake for the medical industry, the pharmaceutical industry. And, and the president made that happen. No, lefty made that happen. Bernie didn't make that happen. Democrats hate this. Democrats like talking tough about business when in fact they're in bed with these business operations. We've got crony capitalism running rampant in the Democrat party.


And so, You know, Bernie Sanders himself was taking pharmaceutical money. What, he's a joke. He's a total joke. But President Trump, as far as health is concerned, he's appointed RFK junior, RFK junior, who's come in on a promise of restoring American health. And not just medicalizing everything, not just drugging everybody. And among the people who've been advocating on behalf of RFK are is a, is a, are are a group of siblings called Callie. And Casey Means Callie. And Casey Means, now I always get the, the two of them confused. I forget which one's the guy, which one's the girl. But one of them is a, a a long time lobbyist who says like, Hey look, basically the pharmaceutical industry just owns everything And it is totally subverted American science and healthcare and it's been a complete disaster.


And we need to get back to basics. We need to make people healthy. We have a chronic disease problem. The other, she's a doctor, she's a surgeon who put down the scalpel because she was horrified by what she was seeing in the medical, medical industry. And she's dedicated her life into tackling the underlying health issues that plagued the American people. Yeah. And that's, that's the woman who President Trump just named as the surgeon General. That's Casey Means Dr. Casey Means. Lemme see here if I've got some good video for you. Yeah, I do. I do have some good video for you. This is Casey Means. Now before I even get to Casey, lemme just point out before Casey Means President Trump did have a different pick to be the, the Surgeon General.


Her name was Dr. Jeanette Awa. And Dr. Jeanette Awa just wasn't the right person for the job at all. In fact, I think is this cut three guys, can you play cut three for me? Is this Dr. Jeanette? Chet? She said this once on Fox. Take a look at this. When you have A child who's suffering from gender dysphoria, this is a disconnect. A mismatch between how they feel and what a doctor assigned them as a gender at birth. And it's a very serious and sensitive issue that has to be taken very seriously because specifically there's a very high suicidal rate among transgender adolescents. They are almost eight times more likely to commit suicide than their cisgender peers. And so when we see the A A FP only wanting to push drugs and hormones and other types of surgical interventions, rather than taking a conservative approach like such as psychotherapy, they're making a mistake.


It's, it's unethical. It's immoral and it's inappropriate. They need to be open-minded to looking at the big picture. It's Outrageous. Yeah. So she was on TV some time ago. She was dignifying this idea that people could be born in the wrong body. How do we deal with this? No, nobody's born in the wrong body. Nobody's born in the wrong body. That's a left wing lie. That's what we call body negativity. To tell people that their body's a mistake. That's cruel. Your body's not a mistake. It's a gift from God. You are a gift from God. And the left has has built this, this environment where they groom people into believing that their body is a mistake and they then they enable their destruction. So anybody who plays FTSE with that, I'm sorry, probably shouldn't be Surgeon General of the United States.


So the President heard your reaction to this, heard the reaction from conservatives and he withdrew her nomination for that. Now he's gonna find her another gig somewhere else, apparently. We'll see what she does in that role. But the surgeon general important job, so Dr. Casey Means is coming in to do this and give you, lemme just give you a taste If you haven't seen her yet, you should. Casey Means is great. Here she is talking to Joe Rogan about the health stats in the country. Some of these, this is cut for some of these are things you're gonna, you will have heard already from RFK Junior. But we need people at the top of the government who really know the problem so that they can tackle them. Here she is. Casey Means on Rogan. 'cause what I realized is that when you go to the science with a root cause perspective, you go back to PubMed with a slightly different perspective.


Not how do I treat these diseases once they emerge. But why are they happening? You see a very obvious blaring answer, which is why we had to write a book about it, which is that it's all caused by metabolic dysfunction. A term that I never learned in medical school. I learned about metabolic syndrome and the different individual diseases that make it up. But there is a problem, there is a fundamental breaking of our core cellular biology that is caused by our diet and the world we're living in, the modern world we're living in today that is crushing the very way that the human body and our human cells can transmit food, energy to life, energy to cellular energy.


And so our bodies are essentially, I mean fundamentally because metabolic health is how we make energy in the body. The way that our environment is now synergistic to use, storing our metabolic health. And the science is very clear about this. It's basically like all of us are a little bit dead while we're alive. That's what metabolic dysfunction is. It's less energy in the body. We're underpowered. And that's very dark. Yeah, very dark. And she, and she runs down all of the different things that are happening right now with, You know, in terms of chronic illness and obesity, skyrocketing youth, diabetes, skyrocketing autism rates skyrocketing.


These numbers are off the charts. And if we had a serious medical establishment, we'd be tackling the root causes behind all of this. Rather than just pumping out more drugs to inject into people to maintain their chronic disease. Her view is let's focus on curing people instead of maintaining their disease like state. Just because it helps the bottom line of pharmaceutical companies. Well that's what I want, baby. I this is how many of our debates on healthcare in, in Washington are, are about, well how can we achieve a cost savings here right now, Republican members of Congress are talking about Medicaid, for instance. Where do we trim, how do we get rid of the fraud in Medicaid?


Perfectly fine debates to have. But what if Washington's debate consisted of this question, what can we do to prevent this spending in the first place? What if Americans were healthy enough that there was no need for all of this medical spending by American taxpayers? What if we did that? Well, how often do you hear that conversation in Washington? Never. Nobody talks about that. President Trump does. RFK does, Dr. Casey Means does. So we have people who are arriving, who are having the right conversations. Casey Means also talks about what we do to our kids, what we do to our kids, and what's going on with the vaccine schedule.


Here she is cut five. Casey Means getting into this important detail. The lots of parents are concerned about, It's like with vaccines, it's like, yeah, I bet that one vaccine probably isn't causing autism, but what about the, the the 20 that they're getting before 18 months? Like we don't look at it in synergistic. You know? And so that's, that's a big problem. And this is where the cult of the science, and I say the science specifically, 'cause science is beautiful. Using the scientific method and using that way of inquiry into the natural world is a beautiful art. But weaponizing papers that are often bought for or corrupted and You know, they, the leaders of some of our key medical journalists have actually even said that 50% of scientific research that published ends up being wrong.


So it's bought for corrupted or wrong. We, we rely on this. And if, when interesting trend that we're seeing in our world is that if we do choose to put dots together or use our intuition, our God given intuition, anything other than this particular way of examining things, you are dangerous. Amazing. Does that sound like a woman who's captured by industry? No. I see something that's going around the internet right now. Oh, she's like captured by by some, some big interest. That's just bull. Look at her. She's, she's literally saying that the problem right now we have is that the scientific research that keeps on being pushed on you as a justification for injecting you full of everything against your will is bought and paid for that that's captured by industry And it doesn't serve you well.


And so we've now, we've got a bunch of people. I'm telling you, I've talked to all these people through, I haven't talked to Casey, Means I've consumed her work and I love what she's doing. I love what her brother Callie's doing. As You know, one of our very first guests on this program was Tucker Carlson. Tucker's a dear friend. I've known Tucker for many years, Tucker's over the moon about this. In fact, I want to en encourage you, If you wanna know more about what the means siblings believe in, go back and watch Tucker's conversation with Casey and Callie means, my guess is a lot of you have already seen it. Go back and watch that conversation. It will change it. I I it's hard for me to, to, I don't, I don't wanna use a phrase, I don't wanna overstate it, but I'm not overstating it.


It can change your life. It can change your life. It, it will open your eyes unless your eyes are already completely open to this. And God bless you for that, if that's the case. But so valuable that conversation. It's a long one. Every second of it was worth it. We listened to it. My family, we listened to it on a car trip, I think helpfully, the video had just come out just before our car trip. So we, we played it in the car and we listened to it as a family, myself, my wife, my daughter, you, our jaws are on the floor listening to it because it was so good. It was so good. And so this gives me a lot of confidence that this person's the right person for the job. And so here you have, here you have all these really important health officials right at the top of the food chain here.


And that includes not just RFK Junior and now Casey Means that includes Marty McCarey and Jay Bot Sharia. I, I am at a loss for how you could do this even better. These are the best possible picks that you could have. So while we're talking right now, I wanna move real quick into the president of the United States. He just sat down. And so the limited time we have left together, let me bring up the president. He's now announcing this huge trade deal with the United Kingdom. Here is President Trump speaking again from the White House. So a short delay here in terms of bringing this video to you.


But I wanna take it from the top. Here we go. A hook Hookup that's not gonna be causing any problems and your voice comes through beautifully ki So I just want to, oh, that's good. Yeah, it is. You sound great Care Starer, I just want to begin by saying that there's a very special day because it's Victory Day, world War ii, May 8th. And just by happenstance we have the Prime Minister on the phone. And we were great allies in that. And it's very unusual that the trade deal comes due. And we signed it up on the same day that we had a great victory, the greatest victory of the mall. So we are talking more and more about Victory Day because we were a big part of it, and so was the uk.


And it's just, I guess, I don't know what you call it, it's just incredible that that day is the same day that we signed a tremendous trade deal for both countries. So I'm gonna begin by just adding that. We just concluded the Rare Earth deal with Ukraine. That's been fully ratified. That's A big deal too. Legislative branches. And so we appreciate that and I'll be speaking with the president in a little while, a little bit later, and we appreciate that. But the deal is all now signed up and ratified, and we have access to a massive amount of very, very high quality rare Earth.


This morning. I'm thrilled to announce that we have reached a breakthrough trade deal with the United Kingdom credible country. Today is a victory day for World War ii. We won the war together exactly 80 years ago, so there could be no more perfect smart morning to reach this historic agreement. Smart. And it's beautiful weather out. I will tell you that Kiir beautiful weather. So perfect outside, but it's really in particular, the agreement with one of our closest and most cherished allies. And we're so happy that that's the way it worked out. I want to thank Prime Minister Starmer and his very talented team for their outstanding work and partnership.


Today's agreement with the UK is the first in a series of agreements on trade that my administration has been negotiating over the past four weeks. China's on notice with this deal. The UK joins the United States in affirming that reciprocity and fairness is an essential and vital principle of international trade. The deal includes billions of dollars of increased market access for American exports, especially in agriculture, dramatically increasing access for American beef ethanol, and virtually all of the products produced by our great farmers, American farmers. Our secretary, as You know of agriculture, is here.


Brooke, thank you very much being here. Cars, autos. You'll let the farmers know. In addition, the UK will reduce or eliminate numerous non tariff barriers that unfairly discriminated against American products. But this is now turning out, I think, really to be a great deal for both countries. 'cause it'll be really great for the UK also. So they're opening up the country. Their country is a little closed, and we appreciate that. They'll also be fast tracking American goods through their customs process. So our exports go to a very, very quick form of approval and there won't be any red tape.


Things are gonna move very quickly both ways. The final details are being written up in the coming weeks. We'll have it all very conclusive. But the actual deal is a very conclusive one. We think just about everything's been approved, so good for both countries. And we'll also receive new market access for American chemicals, machinery, and many other industrial products that weren't allowed. And they'll end up getting products that they'll be able to price. And if they like 'em better and we make great products, they'll be buying those products. But they were not available in the uk. More cars baby, more in a historic step. The deal includes plans that will bring the United Kingdom into the economic security alignment with the United States.


That's the first of its kind. So we have a big economic security blanket, and that's very important. And we feel very, very comfortable with that because it's been a great ally. Truly one of our great allies. I mean, a lot of people say our greatest ally. I don't wanna insult people by saying that, but I can say it's certainly one of our greatest and right at the top. And they're the first one we're talking about. And by the way, we have many meetings planned today and tomorrow. Okay? And every country wants to be making deals. All right. So, And we have a, The frame here, You know, Scott will be going over to Switzerland on Saturday for China. It'll Be very, very interesting. Yeah, Very interesting.


All right, so there's president of the United States giving us a rundown here of this massive trade deal. The breaking news this morning. The United States has a huge trade deal with a major trade partner, the United Kingdom, the first of 17 expected trade deals with major trading partners all across the world. The 18th, the one that may remain elusive for some time, China, although Scott Besson starts that this weekend in Switzerland, he's gonna meet with these guys Saturday and Sunday to have a big conversation on getting a trade deal done with China. Here's my hope. Just keep making China sweat, baby, until they give up everything, until they give up.


Everything. Good to have you with us today. Always good to chat with you here on VINCE. We'll be back again tomorrow. I'll be in the home studio. Major will be here. And you can catch me today, 12 to three nationwide on the VINCE Show. Watch it live rumble.com/ VINCE.