
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, The red line has 100% been crossed. There's none of this. Listen, don't fall into this trap. I've seen even a few politicos out there, politicians put out there on social media. You know this, all of this censorship and fight against free speech and anti Firstt Amendment stuff that's coming here. So it's not coming here. It's here now. It's here now. However, there's a harbinger of bad things to come that happened this weekend that's happening around the world. I need to make you aware of. I also got a funny clip to open up the show.


Kamala Harris, again, just pandering to every audience she gets in front of. Please don't do what I'm about to show you. Also got a weekend update.


Hey, Beams, Labor. Day. Sale is here. There's never been a better time to finally try Beams Dream Powder, so that's been a game changer for me. Find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


Hope you all enjoyed Flag Stock last night on my channel. What a banger of a concert. Of course, we were off yesterday. We're back live with you today after taking a break for Labor Day, get back to the show.


Huge tech companies in America, they may not do a lot of giving, but they sure do a lot of taking 'em, talking about how they enrich themselves by taking your personal data. Companies aren't just selling products anymore, they're selling you. You are the product to protect your identity and data from these tech giants. I recommend And. you use ExpressVPN every time I go online. You should do it too. Everything you do and say online is tracked by these giant corporations. Using your public IP address, they can uniquely match your activity and know your location. Express VPN makes you anonymous online by camouflaging your IP address and replacing it with a different secure IP of your choice. ExpressVPN also encrypts all of your data so that it's protected from hackers and anyone else trying to spy on you. It's easy to use. Just download the app on your phone or computer. Tap a button. And you are protected. Use what I use. Protect your data today. Protect your privacy with the number one rated VPN on the market. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get three months free on a one year package. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino to learn more.


All right fellas, let's go. I got a weekend update for the Bonino Army out there. Wait, one more thing before I get to it. Election night, we are gonna be doing a live show on election night. We'll also be covering a debate live that night, so we'll have some nightly shows for the groin crew and the Bonino Army out there. I will get some details out there. We have a limited, very limited number of seating arrangement situation kind of things for election night. So, I. We're gonna get any information out there soon. Sorry, I don't have more details now, but we're still working. I wanna make this thing really sharp and experience for you. First of all, here's my weekend. SEC football, college football started this week.


Auburn was in a squeaker. I was at the game show 'em fellas. There we were. Pretty good seat. If you're watching like right there, that's not bad, huh? It was a squeaker. Auburn won by 70, so it was a close game. I play in Alabama a and m. It was nice for 'em to show up and all but it, I guess they're like the fifth best team in Alabama. But yeah, 73 to three. Congratulations Auburn and coach. You freeze on a big opener. But You know a season gets, gets real soon with bigger, with bigger and better talent. You know the first few weeks, most teams play, play a couple outta conference week games. It was awesome though.


It was nice to see all you people stop by the tailgate and to the lady who drove all the way from Birmingham with her family who say hello. She found us on campus You. know who you are. God bless you. You have a wonderful family. They were so nice. Two beautiful young kids and a husband, just great American patriots from Birmingham. God bless you. I know a couple of 'em are Alabama fans who roll Tide folks, so God bless you all too You know I I I'm a, I'm a northeastern And. I fell in love with Auburn late in life. But I understand the rivalry. So let's start out with this today first, because it's de facto Monday, even though it's Tuesday. Kamala Harris is the fakest candidate to ever run for president.


Ladies and gentlemen, when Kamala Harris tells you her values haven't changed, she's not lying. She's not lying. What do you mean Dan? She's not lying. She's not Kamala. Harris has never had any values. Kamala Harris been full of shit her whole life. So when Kamala Harris says, my values haven't changed, she is not wrong. She's nothing more than a gamer. There's not an ounce of genuine, authentic, a character in her anywhere. Zero. The Democrats know this. This is why they are desperate to hide her. They got her wearing earphones. Now when she gets out of the limo in the SUV so that she doesn't have to answer any questions, she's the single fakest human being to ever run in a space politics occupied by bullshit artists all the time.


What does it say that in order to run for office, you have to be in the top 1% of fake people, Republican or Democrat. Okay, the only ones who win are the really, really fake ones with few exceptions. In that top 1% of phonies Kamala Harris is the 0 0 0 1% the single fakest human being to ever run. Gee, do you think I made the point? Thank you. Play this. If you would. Here's Kamala for the those listening on audio. You're gonna hear two speeches back to back. They're not the same speech.


The first one is in Detroit, about 12 seconds or so. Then you're gonna hear a quick break. She's gonna be addressing the exact same issue. Union issues this time it's from Pittsburgh. Tell me if you can spot the difference. You Better? Thank you. Better. Thank a union member for sick leave. You better. Thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. Thank unions for sick leave. Thank unions for pay, family leave. Thank unions for your vacation time.


Where's that? Do we have that Academy award Will gave me that time? Remember that fake academy award thing or something? Folks, this woman is a phony. She is the biggest fake. She's doing this BS routine. She does all the time and Democrats, Republicans, please don't ever do this. Do not be condescending. Do not be a panderer. I'm gonna tell you this right now. Genuine, authentic people. Dirt under the fingernails, carpenters middle class workers, soccer dads basketball, dads volleyball dads, people who've worked for a living and raised kids, it doesn't matter. Race, color, creed, sex or anything they see through this bullshit immediately.


Please stop with the act. Just be yourself. Imagine Donald Trump. You better you, better you better you better just talk like yourself. I threw that in this morning late. She's a phony dudes. She's a fake, a huge fraud if she wins. The country's finished folks. The red line's been crossed this weekend. You know Monday was a day off with for us it was holiday for the team. The team deserves a break too, but this is so important that it's almost worthy of a special in and of itself.


The threat to free speech folks is here now. It's not coming. It's not gonna be here tomorrow. It's here now. If we lose this election, the censorship that's already here, you hear me already here, is going to be magnified up by a factor of a thousand. So you're gonna look back on the Halon days when you were allowed to speak freely in this country. Do You. see what happened this weekend with Elon and Brazil. This is a media outlet, a left wing media outlet overseas. The guardian. These, these absolute life losers who really believe like the Washington Post, that their paragons of democracy, the democracy dies in the darkness.


I want you to know these people are the darkness. This is an actual peace. It's one of those pieces I, I give you my word. I had to go back and look twice to make sure this wasn't fake. 'cause I'm like, no way A media outlet would put this in their own paper, threatening to have Elon Musk arrested for promoting free speech and these assholes did it. The guardian Robert Reich absolute communist tyrant. That there's no debating that. There's no debating it. He put it down on paper, period. Elon Musk is outta control. Here's how to reign him in. Keep that up there. Why is Elon Musk out of control?


Folks? Quote, because Elon Musk does not promote leftist propaganda on his site. He lets leftist push their own propaganda, which is what free speech is about. He lets them push their own property. Nobody's banned and he gives the right the opportunity with facts to counter leftist Bs. Therefore, he's quote outta control. Robert Rice, absolute scumbag actually wrote this in the Guardian that regulators around the world, this is a quote leftist dumb asses, meaning he said this, regulators around the world should threaten Elon Musk with arrest if he doesn't stop disseminating Y's in hate on XIE facts that contradict leftist fastest propaganda.


Global regulators may be on the way to doing this. He Robert Rice scumbag, little Napoleon syndrome guy, probably a eunuch with no balls either. He notes that this is evidenced by the arrest of in France of Paval Dora from Telegram. He's proud of this, which French authorities have found complicit in his hate crimes and disinformation. The guardian goes on to suggest to Raham that this isn't a bad idea, that Musk should be threatened with arrest too. Ladies and gentlemen, stop listening to bullshitters who pretending to be on our side to even like swampy righties who are like, oh, stop calling them communists.


Stop. It's not a they are communists. Please. The reason the Bonino army is growing And, we dominate the digital space. And I make zero freaking apologies. We dominate radio, we dominate digital And, we dominate social notice. I said we not I we. That's not a signal for virtue. It's a fact We dominate is because everybody knows they get the truth here. You wanna hear bullshit? Oh, we're the Democrats. Don't call him communists. Read this freaking thing here. Suggesting the arrest of a guy promoting nothing more than a free speech platform suggesting he be harassed by regulators and arrested. And tell me again, we're not dealing with communists.


Is there a single Democrat of prominence out there? Kamala Harris or anyone else who's spoken out against this You? Know what? Gee, jump ahead before we get to rice, but here's Kamala Harris, you remember this Kamala Harris with Jake Tapper. Folks, she's a communist. Please stop the bs. Stop fooling around, fiddle and around. She's a communist. The more we delay confronting the inevitable where we're playing little cutesy time bs, the more you're gonna get kicked in the balls when you realize that you just have to listen to these people's own words to find out who they are. Here's Kalon ex. Here she is speaking out against the threatening of the arrest of Elon Musk.


Just kidding, check this out because he Has lost his privileges. And, it should be taken down and, and the bottom line is that you can't say that you have one rule for Facebook And. you have a different rule for Twitter. The same rule has to apply, which is that there has to be a, a, a, a responsibility that is placed on these social media sites to understand their power. They are directly speaking to millions and millions of people without any level of, of, of oversight or regulation. And that has to stop Folks. If you elect this buil, this communist buil and that's what she is. I'm not playing cute. I cannot understand why these swampy don't understand what we're up against.


Just listen to her. Just listen to her that bunch. You know. I don't know. He yells a lot. He gets really passionate. I'm only yelling about her own words, man. You've got a, a major left wing pseudo intellectual figure with a following scumbag. Robert Rech in an actual op-ed that was allowed to be run in a left wing paper, claiming to be for democracy, suggesting Elon Musk be arrested for using his own money and the money of invested to purchase a platform that now just allows people to speak.


And Kamala Harris is upset because she falsely and ridiculously claims that there were two sets of rules. There's not two sets of rules. There's a First Amendment. Facebook and Twitter are subjected to the same defamation, same libel laws, same everything. There were not two sets of rules. She likes Facebook more because Facebook censored conservative content and recently admitted it. Folks do. Am I making my point? I I, do you understand the red line? Is it? It's crossed. This is why I am so frustrated and pissed off at the fake phony frauds.


Co-opting our movement who have no concept of the fight we're in at all and are wasting everybody's time. Grow some hair on your balls. You unique losers and see what's happening in front of your face. We are fighting a bunch of communists, not progressives or liberals or left wing Democrats. Here's rice. The same scumbag who wrote this piece. Little Napoleon eunuch, no balls. Castrated loser, recommending Elon must be arrested and harassed.


Here's Robert Re in a video on elections with Eric Swalwell. Noted Russiagate pp tape Hoaxer and fang fang's boyfriend. Here they are talking about elections. This is the same. This is why I am worried about October. Surprise. You're dealing with communist folks. Watch this. It's really no, no smiling matter and it's no humorous matter because a lot of Americans are worried that there is at this moment some tampering going on with regard to election machinery and maybe not every vote is gonna be counted. How can we be sure that that's not happening? He's not talking about you folks.


He was talk. This is the, I played that clip very specifically. 'cause some of you're say, oh, he's right. No, no, no, no, no. He's not talking about legitimate concerns, which By the way we did a whole segment on it on Friday on voting machines. If you wanna look and the issues with them. So you're happy to watch the Friday show if you, that's not what he's talking about. What he's doing with Eric Swalwell is if Donald Trump wins, he's about to falsely claim like the Democrats have for 30 years. That there was some tampering with the election machines and that the Russians stole it. That's that. That whole segment's about, he's not one of, he's not saying what you would say about election machines.


It's totally different. You are an election denni. If you said what he said when he says it on the left, it's considered he's a thought leader. Look at these headlines, By the way folks, the media is in on this. The censorship communism is here. Now stop pretending. I don't wanna sound like I'm lecturing you. I know you all get it. Look Beam in. I get it, I get it. You get it. We all get it. We're all part of the same army here. I understand, but there are still people out there on the sidelines who watch my show who are like, oh, You know what? A guy yells a lot, a little too much fire for me.


Fine. Maybe the show's not for you. I'm asking you just listen to content for a second. Listen to their own words. Look at these media headlines. You think if we lose free speech, it's gonna survive. How are you gonna feel when you donate to a candidate? And? you find yourself on a watch list. New York Times elections are bad for democracy. Adam Grant, New York Times the Constitution is sacred. Is it also dangerous? Jennifer's Zaha, New York Times the First Amendment is outta control. Tim Wu, these are real headlines folks. You think these people are gonna protect democracy. Are you kidding me? The threat to democracy to this constitutional republic is from the media and the left.


I want you to listen to one more. This is Supreme Court Justice Kenji Brown Jackson who was so dumb at a her congressional, excuse me, her Senate confirmation hearing that she claimed to not know what a woman is. Not my words. Just look it up. You don't know what a woman is, a human adult female. You're unaware of that. Here she is at a Supreme Court hearing. She apparently unaware of the First Amendment, that the First Amendment is a granting of negative rights. What the government can't do to you, which is restrict your free speech. She appears unaware of this and is wondering why there's a First Amendment constricting what the government cons.


She says, Supreme Court Justice, listen to this, justice Jackson. So my biggest concern is that your view has the First Amendment hamstringing the government in significant ways in the most important time periods. The First Amendment, justice Brown Jackson, the idea is to hamstring the government and their restrictions on free speech. You are a freaking Supreme Court justice. You don't know this. Again, you're telling me if we lose, it's just gonna be SOP Standard Operating Procedure Folks.


There's a different kind of enemy in front of us now and the sooner we all wake up and realize it, the sooner we'll realize the terrain features of the battlefield we're fighting on. For those of you out there who are awake, not woke, God bless you. For those who are still sleeping are in that fugue state. When you get up in the morning, you are running out of time. You better take some smell insults, man, and stop listening to the stupid people 'cause there's a fight in front of us and for a lot of you out there, not you, the good hardcore conservative MAGA folks out there, but for those on the fence, that fight's gonna kick you in the balls. If you don't wake up soon. I'm gonna give you some good news, bad news coming up next.


The good news, the Fake Kamala AstroTurf effort is over. Don't believe the left wing is already panicking about it right now. Quick break. I'll get back to that in a second.


It's tailgating season. Tell me about it. And of course, cookouts with lots more grilling left in the season, whole season full of it. The experts in Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Savor Summer with 50% offsite while during their Labor Day sale. Love this food. Plus you get an extra $20 off with my promo code. Bonino five generations Omaha Steaks has brought you endless flavor, variety, and value with premium proteins that are sure to satisfy. It doesn't stop there. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious sides, and of course decadent desserts to sweeten the deal, folks, the steak, the chicken, the pork, the seasoning, the burgers you eat, an Omaha Steaks burger. There's no going back. Take one bite, just juicy dripping with flavor. Absolutely amazing you having a cookout, some tailgating. We'll savor Summer with 50% off five zero during the Omaha Steaks Labor Day sale. Don't miss it. Shop today at Omaha Steaks dot com. Omaha Steaks dot com. Get an extra $20 off when you use promo code bond, Gino at checkout. Plus every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Pick up some good quality food today, Omaha Steaks dot com. Thanks Omaha Steaks, we appreciate it.


Here's the good news, bad news on a de facto Monday, even though it's Tuesday, if you look at the latest Nate Silver Forecast, the only reason I put Nate Silver up folks is because he's not a conservative. Why would you put up poles from a guy who's not a conservative, Dan, for a very simple reason. Number one, how many times I gotta say this, folks in the chat You know where I'm going with this. Poles are shit. They are garbage. I don't believe them anyway. The only reason I put them up from a relatively left leaning guy like Silver is You know they're trying to fake the polls because the polls about Trump have always been fake. He ran nine points behind the polls in 2016 and five points behind the polls in 2020.


However, if this is the best you can do, even faking it, it says to me, the fake Kamala Harris AstroTurf Bs is over August 14th. Chances of winning Kamala Harris, 56%, Trump 42% August 31st, just a couple days ago, totally flipped on its head. Trump, 55% Harris, 44% chance of winning. You look at the Pennsylvania odds, Nevada, the swing states, ladies and gentlemen, Trump is ahead. Just some of the latest polls I saw from she fogger. Trump is ahead in basically all the swing states. I'm gonna say this again, And. I want you to take this to heart. Polls are bs. Do not believe them.


They are simply points in time that can be skewed by arranging different kind of soups of voters over sample Democrats, over sample Republicans, over sample independents. If you get the sample wrong, the poll doesn't mean anything. That's why polls are so frequently off on Donald Trump. The only reason I put them up again is these are left-leaning guys. If they are trying to push poll, they are doing a terrible job because Trump is still ahead or within the margin of error in just about every swing state. Nationally, what do we have to do now going forward? Folks in the chat? Put it in the chat. I wanna see it. I need evidence.


Everyone's paying attention. Bonino Army shirts out in the chat. I take a sip of my black out here. What do we have to do? Someone get to it. Execute. Who said it first? BD Nichols. Yes, sir. Execute. Everyone goes to the polls and yes, 10, 10 and 10. That's, it's a double answer. You both. Lemme see. Okay. Wow. It's going too. If I can't even stop it now, now it's on fire. I'm trying to stop at the point. Someone out for the 10, 10 and 10. 10 emails, 10 phone calls, 10 social media posts in the remaining 63 days to the election. And, you are. It is. It is an an order in the Bongino army.


It's an order. I'm sorry, I don't give orders often. We're giving one now. You will have to get 10 people to the polls. It's your job. It's your obligation. It's not voluntary. I'm very sorry. You have to get 10 people to the poles, drive them, bike 'em, walk 'em, carry 'em. I don't care. Piggybacked them. I don't care what you gotta do. 10 people. I'm already up to about 50. If I've seen you in public, did the lady I saw at the, at my Auburn tailgate this week with Joe from Birmingham, what's the last thing I told you? Yes, vote and bring 10 people. I'm up to like a thousand people. I do not speak with fork tongue.


Go and execute and we'll win. Don't execute and we'll lose. It's that simple. It's, here's the bad news. I said some good news, bad news after showing you the beginning of the show, how Robert Reich unbelievably in a paper proclaiming to be You know, be a paragon of democracy. The Guardian actually wrote an article suggesting outright fascism that we should start arresting people like Elon Musk with different political ideas and keep in mind, Elon's not even a conservative. He's more of a libertarian left-leaning social issues guy.


Robert Rice wants him arrested. The good news, I think we're ahead. The bad news is, folks, this October surprise coming. I don't know what it is. And. I don't like to put information. The whole point of a show is to guide you and provide good, solid opinions so we're all informed. I don't know what it is. In the past, I had an idea. I mean, I knew they were gonna do that fact check thing and a Hunter Biden. Anybody did. You didn't have to be, you knew they were gonna make that story go away. When it came out, the laptop, 2016, the Russia stuff, we were, I was a little slow to respond, so were others too, because we were like, this is the like and no one's gonna believe there's a peepee tape.


And shockingly they ran with it. And then once we realized the threat, You know it was too late. We had won And I think everybody figured it would go away. Never realizing they were gonna run with this. These people are so sick. I don't know what's gonna happen, but we all need to be ready for it. You need to be ready to double down on volunteering, double, double down on activism and double down on donations. Not to me, I ain't running, but pick a candidate, Trump or someone and throw a few bucks out there. Folks, your country's at stake. Here's the bad news too. I think the cheating is gonna be significant this time. We still gotta vote folks.


We gotta swamp this thing. We beat them in 2016. We can do it again. But I. Think the cheating's gonna be ugly this time. Well ugly this time as if it wasn't ugly last time when they stole it. However, I think it's gonna be even uglier. They've got a pool of illegals in the country they didn't have before. It's clear they're up to no good with the, with them trying to fight the save act, which hopefully I'll get to in a few minutes. The Republicans are saying, Hey, show us proof of citizenship to vote. The Democrats are like, absolutely not. We'll shut the government down over it. That says to me, with absolute certainty, the Cheating's gonna be incredible. We're gonna have to win by two to three points. It's no excuse to back down. But third, I still believe President Trump is in danger.


You, see this tweet by Susan Crabtree. Folks, this should scare the hell outta you. The Secret Service just overwhelmed right now. They're just overwhelmed. Exclusive in breaking Susan Crabtree X, the Secret Service is stretched so thin with the campaigns. As I told you that I not predict this folks, I told you they had an unprecedented campaign loan. No time in modern American history as a, in modern American history. Has a former president run again with a bigger threat profile than the President. While the president refuses to run and his vice president gets the nomination, they have never had a a protectee load like this.


I warned you about this. Susan notes, they have a deficit for the UN General Assembly in New York of 650 special agents. Folks, that's probably around an eighth to a 10th of the entire workforce. Why is the UN General Assembly a big deal? Because every head of state that the Secret Service must by Law Protect is in New York at the same time. Well, not every but, but most of the members of the UN General Assembly, it's so bad. I've never seen this before. The Department of Defense is now providing personnel for things I've never seen.


Now to be clear, because accuracy and precision matters, the Secret Service using the Department of Defense assets is not in any way new. We partner with them on Waka, the White House Communications Agency. We partner with them with whamo, white House Military office, EOD, explosives detection teams. Many of them come from the military canine handlers. A lot of 'em come from the military, the pilots, a lot of the support staff that help the Secret Service out in their mission. Our DOD. That's not unusual. However, this US Department of Defense press release from last week, I've never seen anything like this before.


They're gonna provide assistance with logistics, transportation, and communications. Put that up there. This is the Secret Service guys talking about the DODA lot of agents, if you read Susan Crabtree's tweet, I'm just passing on what whistleblowers are telling me are suggesting that the Department of Defense, it has been invaluable partners in securing the lives of Secret Service Protectees, that they may be put into roles they're not accustomed to. It'd be the equivalent of asking a Secret Service agent You know to go join an infantry unit with no training. It's not that the agent isn't brave or doesn't have valor or, or isn't capable of learning.


They, but you wouldn't just throw 'em in an infantry unit with no experience in the space. I am extremely concerned right now. The Secret Service is so shorthanded from poor management that Trump may be in really real danger. The agency is totally reactionary at this point, folks And it can't possibly survive like this. I'm gonna get back to the good news in a minute. The Kamala Harris AstroTurf efforts have completely collapsed. She has received no bump whatsoever from that ridiculous Democrat National Committee. More on her coming up next. Folks, her radical positions are out there. Don't listen to me. Just listen to her last break.


We'll get back to this. It's, I got a killer segment coming for you next. Please don't miss it. You know the reports of nearly $1 trillion of infrastructure and pandemic funds yet to be spent. There's a massive amount of money the lame duck administration's pushing hard to spend. In the last few months, the president's able to push these funds out. We could see another prolonged inflation surge just like during Covid. I'm sure you remember the terrible effects of high prices that are happening right now.


But there's hope. A surge in prices can be beaten. A gold IRA from Birch. Gold. Group can be the ultimate inflation hedge for your savings in uncertain times. I buy my gold from Birch Gold. I have many times B-I-R-C-H. I'm very concerned about the value of our money. To see how to protect your IRA or 401k gets your free info hit on gold by texting the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 birch gold makes it seamless to roll over your retirement account while preserving your tax advantage status. Don't wait to see if the president's spending spree tanks the dollar further protect your financial future today. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold, B-A-R-C-H, message and data rate Supply,


and our last sponsor today is Blackout Coffee. Let me get a sip. The official Coffee of the Bongino Army, Blackout Coffee, they also got, they're skip the brew ready to drink, which is totally badass. It gets my badass product of the week, maybe the month, maybe of the year. Love This stuff. Absolutely fantastic. Blackout. Coffee is great. It is bold. It is never bitter. The flavors are incredible. There's always like a fight in my house over what we should make. The dark chocolate flavored coffee, the blueberry crumble or the cinnamon french toast. It's absolutely D Delicious. Why? Why is it different? 'cause they use premium grade coffee beans. It's not just woke crap coffee. They, you, you, a lot of these companies that are woke, they push these lower grade beans into the, into their, into their product line. I'm personally recommending it to folks at Blackout Coffee, they love the country. They love coffee. That's what they do. They ship within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Do me a favor, Check it out. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Forget supporting those woke crap companies. But here's the deal. Don't just support 'em 'cause they're not woke. The coffee's damn good too. I promise you Check it out. Send me your reviews in the chat. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. We Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it.


Alright, back to the show. So folks, the Kamala Harris AstroTurf effort is fake. Left wing polls can't seem to separate her from the margin of error. Now why is that happening? Because she's a liar. She is a fraud. She is a fake and she is a phony. Everything she says is a lie. Listen to me. Anyone out there in the chat in Pennsylvania knows someone in Pennsylvania or knows someone who knows someone in Pennsylvania. If you do, this quick segment is for you. She keeps talking about how she's changed her values on fracking.


Hydraulic fracturing of rock is how we get natural gas largely in the country right now. If we shut down h fracking, hydraulic fracturing, the the energy costs in this country will skyrocket even higher than they are now. Kamala Harris is on the record saying she wants to support fracking. She's now saying, excuse me, that she wants to, she supports eliminating fracking. She's now Milk Coast wise, trying to walk it back. She said in the CNN interview, oh, I cast a deciding vote and basically this pro fracking thing. That's not what happened. This show brings the receipts, wall Street Journal. Alyssa Finley does great work.


Kamala Harris was making a reference to the Inflation Reduction Act. It includes a provision that requires the government to hold offshore oil lease sales as a condition for auctioning offshore wind farm leases. Joe Manchin inserted the provision in an effort to force the Biden administration to hold more oil lease sales, which it slow up, but the bill didn't increase. Fracking You know why the Biden Harris administration undermined the spirit of law by consolidating win lease sales to minimize the number of auction for oil leases as the New York Times themselves pointed out, quote, Biden administration offers fewest offshore oil and gas leases in history.


Everything this lady says is a lie, folks, she is full of crap. This is who this woman is. Here she is with Al Sharpton noted race, hustler, grifter and Total Life loser. I remember this guy in New York when I was a cop, when I was a young man. I remember his anti-Semitic attacks. The guy is disgusting and he always has been. You ever see the videos of this guy? Here's Kamala Harris kissing his ass, telling him straight up she supports reparations where Americans who did nothing wrong are gonna pay other Americans for a sin generations ago that they had nothing to do with.


I can't imagine a more divisive policy to support, but don't listen to me. Listen to Kamala Harris. Check this out. Put in Area reparations for descendants of Africans and Slave. If you elected president, would you sign that bill if it came across your desk When I'm elected president, I will sign that Bill. I left the laughing in because the, was the woman ever stopped cackling. So just to be clear, she wants you to forego your hard-earned money in an inflation ridden, riddled struggling economy that her and Joe Biden caused to other people.


You did nothing wrong to, and she thinks it's funny. He said the Wall Street Journal piece was a little confusing. The bottom line is this. She keeps saying she voted for the bill to support fracking. The Inflation Reduction Act did nothing of the sort and even what they pretended to do increased oil leases. They screwed up the, they, they screwed everyone over and issued less, not more. This is the most anti-energy, anti-American communist, anti-free speech, anti-constitution candidate we have ever seen. She's also a genuinely awful egomaniacal human being.


Folks, obviously, I'm not gonna say who. Hold on. Put everything down and listen for a second. You don't. You're a lefty watching the show. You're an independent who's up in the air in the election. Whether you believe me or not is your call, I I I can't force you to believe me. I'm not a communist lefty. I'm me to hold your head underwater until you believe me, believe what I tell you, or I'm gonna ban you. I'm getting from multiple people. This woman is a genuinely awful person. She is really, really, really bad. Not a shred of dignity or character to this woman. It airs itself often And.


you just have to watch it. Here she is when she, they were about to ask her about the 13 heroes killed at Abbey Gate in Afghanistan after Biden's Coly withdrawal. I want you to watch. Her first inclination is to do what her first inclination is to laugh about it. Check this out. What's your response of work of Americans? Hold on, hold on. Slow down everybody. I wanna talk about two things. First, Afghanistan, What's what's funny about, what's funny about that?


We had just lost 13 Patriots brutally murdered after a cowardly withdrawal done in the most tactically inefficient and deadly way possible, and Kamala Harris, again, her first instinct is to cackle, is it's the cackle. This is not a serious person. This is not a person with any character or dignity at all. This is not a person who cares at all about you. Middle class voters, earners, working class Americans, she does not care.


Everything to her is a joke. It's all about her personal ambitions. Folks, did you hear about this too? There's a plan in California, which now Kamala Harris has adopted. She's only changed the amount in California. They wanna give $150,000 to illegals. Criminals in the country who broke our immigration laws as their first act coming here, chose not to do it the right way, but break the law. California wants to give $150,000 for them to buy a home. No. Oh yeah, but don't worry folks. Kamala Harris only wants to give 25. Here's the great Peter St.


Orange explaining exactly this. It's about 20 seconds. Kamala Harris probably thinks this is funny too. Check this out. The state of California just approved $150,000 loans to illegal migrants to buy houses where? Get this. They don't have to make any payments until they sell the house. Can you imagine $150,000 loan you never have to repay? Well, you can if you are every single human on earth. Who is not American? There we go folks. How does that make you feel? You're struggling to sell your house or buy a house. Come here illegally. Get yourself a nice 150 K. You don't have to pay back to you. Sell the home. Would you ever sell the home? No. What I would do is I would take the 150 K, I would buy a house with the government's money, which they steal from the taxpayers.


I would then rent the house out forever and use it as a source of income and then bequeath it to my kids later and then see if you can buy another house for another 150 K. What a deal, huh? Don't worry. Kamala Harris only wants 25,000. You Guys wanna take a trip to Mexico? Yeah. Geese thinking maybe they should implement this policy in Mexico. You go to Mexico, they give American citizens 150 K to buy a house. That'd be a great idea, right? My name's look at this one too, in case you think By the way that, oh no, that at least it's not gonna impact the election folks, this is why I'm worried. I said, I'd give you the bad news. They are going to cheat. That's not news.


We know they cheat. They cheat all the time. It's obvious. However, just listen to their own words and watch their actions. It's the do that matters more than the talk. Here's the associated press doing their best to make sure that cheating is covered up. David Lieb ap Illegal voting by non-citizens is rare. Yet Republicans are making it a major issue this election. If it's rare, like you say, number one, you can't prove it counterfactual. If you didn't catch them voting, you don't know. It's rare, but second, if it's rare, then why are the Democrats so worried about it?


Occam's razor folks, if the Democrats are really concerned about something, they claim it's rare. That means it's not rare. That means they wanna use illegal immigrants to vote. Here's a treat by Mike Lee. Speaker Mike Johnson's gonna attach the save act, which does one simple thing. Folks says, you have to prove you're a citizen to register to vote. The Democrats had noted it's a non-starter. They're getting ready to shut down the government, the Democrats, to make sure illegals vote. Listen, I get a little emotional talking about this because we have been covering this since 2016.


We covered it extensively in 2020. The efforts to undermine our republic with elections that lack integrity. Folks, if you don't have free and fair elections, you don't have a republic. It doesn't matter what happens next. I don't want Republicans cheating. I don't want Democrats cheating. I don't want anyone cheating. If the Democrats are willing to shut down the government over a simple proof of citizenship verification thing to register to vote, it says to me they are resolutely committed right now to cheating in this election. The only question is not if it's the degree.


Is it going to be enough to overcome the massive swamp of MAGA voters I see that are just gonna flood to the election booths as we bring 10 people with us? I hope not, but they're gonna try. Why? You gotta talk to your local officials and be and and stay on top of them and ask them today, what are we doing to make sure only American citizens vote And? we can secure this election. Folks, this gets even worse. Kamala on these, on the Gold Star families. This has been an absolute disaster. I put this down. What was the next video?


Gee, I put it down. Kamala turned out. I don't, I got the cnn. Oh yeah, yeah. The CNN did this. Oh yeah. This is even worse. Kamala Harris, who wants to be the commander in chief of our military folks, doesn't seem to understand the destruction they've caused overseas. Watch the CNN clip. You'll see what I mean. Check this out. We invited both President Trump and the Biden Harris administration, And. we didn't hear back from the the White House. We were happy to welcome President Trump to lay wreaths with all three of our families and our wounded, some of our wounded from that day, and when he came to Section 60, it was at our request to spend time with our loved ones.


There was not a press presence there. We privately took pictures among ourselves. And. it was You know a more celebratory feeling for that day. 'cause You know we we wanna celebrate our loved ones and it's very hard to find ways to do that. I'm not done with this story. A lot of you are asking me about what happened at Arlington. Donald Trump showed up because he cared. Kamala Harris and Biden, whose cowardly retreat from Afghanistan got 13 heroes killed, has chosen the route of attacking Donald Trump and I promise you this is gonna blow up interface.


I got more on that coming up, so don't go anywhere and try to get to it. I got a lot more stuff. There's a bunch of Republicans pounce on this too because the media's trying to cover it up. I want you to watch this ad folks. This is another ad just with the families of people who have been killed by the devastating policies of the Biden Harris regime. These are the kind of ads that are gonna sway persuadable minds. All you've got to do with Kamala is show people who she really is and once their eyes are open, it's impossible to unsee it. Watch this. I was a Kamala Harris supporter that changed after an illegal alien murdered my son, running him over.


Then driving back and forth over Drew's body three times. The man who killed my son had been arrested previously, but Kamala Harris let him go as San Francisco's da. Kamala was soft on crime as a senator. She supported releasing criminal aliens back into our neighborhoods. Kamala Harris is dangerous Preserve America. Pac is responsible for the content of this advertising. This is why the more people get to know her, the more people dislike her. That's why she's got earbuds in pretending to talk on the phone with the earbuds in when she exits the Secret Service motorcade because nobody likes her.


Let me prepare you for the debate a bit too. Show you who the real Kamala is because she so lacks in any substance. When she says her values haven't changed, she's not kidding. She's always been full of shit. She was full of shit then she's full of shit now. Her values haven't changed at all. This is what she's waiting for. Was this a maze more? I want to give appropriate hat tip I, this was a Maze movie. She's waiting in the debate for this moment. There was a big fight over leaving the microphones on. While the other candidate is speaking, Kamala Harris wants to change the rules now to allow that to happen. The reason is she's waiting for this moment.


This is all she has. The I'm speaking moment. This is all she has nothing of. I'm gonna tell you how the Trump team should respond in a second. But I want you to watch this compilation. When she was debating Mike Pence where she, even after her, I'm speaking moments over and over, still got smoked in the debate. This is what she's gonna try to produce against Donald Trump. This kind of content for the media. I'm gonna tell you guys how he should respond in a second. Watch this first, Mr. Vice President. I'm speaking. I have to. I'm speaking Mr. Vice President. I'm speaking. Wait, I'm speaking. The Important is you said the truth. Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking. I'm speaking. Okay. If you don't mind letting me finish, we, This is all she has.


Do you understand? She has nothing different. Are you ready? Here's how the Trump team should respond. Again, they don't need my advice. They're doing fine on their own. I get that. I am not their campaign spokesman. I am a supporter of Donald Trump. I'm just humbly and respectfully offering a piece of advice here. She is going to do this. It is a distraction mechanism the minute she does it. Gimme your feedback in the chat. Tell me if I'm crazy. Donald Trump should say, there it is. Make media people, did you get it? That was for you. Left wingers, commies in the media. That was for you. Spread it around. Now. The microphones will be live. Remember? Everybody got it?


Spread it around. We're gonna hear that five or six more times tonight. The problem is she wasn't speaking when a border was invaded and 13 of our patriots were killed over in Afghanistan and a bunch of sex trafficking and fentanyl was crossing her. She wasn't speaking that, but now you got your moment. Okay. Can we move on now? Done. She'll be finished. That's all she has. He's gotta be ready for it and I'm sure he is. He's got some good debate preppers. I think Tulsi Gabbard is helping them. He'll be fun. They don't need my advice. I just say that humbly as a guy who talks 20 hours live and used to debate people live on talk radio and TV for decades.


Liberals live for the talking point. There is nothing worse when you point out to them and everyone else listening that their talking point is in fact the talking point. Everyone get it in the media. Everyone get that on tape? There you go. That's her moment. Okay. You got, okay, good. You got it Now can we, now, can we speak about the things she actually did wrong? Getting back to the Gold Star families By the way who were treated so horribly by this disgusting Biden Harris administration that got their loved ones killed. Here's the New York Times run and cover for the Biden Harris administration that got these heroes killed at Abbey Gate in Afghanistan.


Trump campaign uses statements from gold star families to attack Harris. This, this is a pounce. This is the worst Republican's pounce I think we've ever seen in our lives. Trump campaign uses statements from gold star families to attack Harris. How about Kamala? Harris attacks Trump and gets immediately corrected by gold star families. That's actually the appropriate way, but because it's the filth. Chris Cameron at the New York Times filth, the absolute filth communist at the New York Times. This is what they, Ray, here's Biden. Here's a video of Biden who asked about this situation. Biden's Cowardly re cowardly retreat from Afghanistan got our Patriots killed.


Of course, the media wants to give him an opportunity for a soundbite, so they ask him a question and he can't even get this right. Check this out, Mr. President, you think of president's trust behavior at Arlington Cemetery with the the visit to the, to the fallen soldiers. Did you watch your Vice President's interview on cnn? Notice there's no sympathy for the families. There's no recognition whatsoever that the families come first. It's Joe Biden And it with, with, with, with this, this, this oatmeal for brains lack of a cognitive connection. He's like tell you what they say about Donald Trump.


He hinting that there's something really bad coming. I want you to watch this too. Here's the media again, running interference. Kristen Welker, who I knew a long time ago and tried to pretend to be a journalist, has now gone Fullblown Communist. Here she is with Tom Cotton. The Biden Harris administration is never recognized fully. The 13 Patriots who died at Abbey Gate. Donald Trump has, here's Kristen Welker falsely claiming that Kamala Harris greeted them at the dignified transfer ceremony. Kamala Harris wasn't there and Joe Biden was checking his watch.


Watch this bottom Line though, I guess, Senator, is it ever appropriate to make campaign content at military grave sites? He didn't take campaign photos there. These families, gold star families whose children died because of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris's incompetence invited him to the cemetery and they asked him to take those photos because as they told me yesterday, when I spoke to Kelly Barnett and Darren Hoover, the parents of Taylor Hoover, who has Arkansas ties, they don't get to go to the beach on Labor Day. They don't get to have barbecues. This is their one chance to have a memory of their children, to commemorate their service and to honor their sacrifice. They wanted President Trump there. They wanted them to take those photos. You know who the family's also invited.


Joe Biden, Kamala Harris. Where were they? Joe Biden was sitting at a beach. Kamala Harris was sitting at her mansion in Washington dc. She was four miles away, 10 minutes. She could have gone to the cemetery and and honored the sacrifice of those young men and women, but she hasn't, she never has spoken to them or taken a meeting with them. It's Because of her. Well, they did meet with them during the dignified transfer. It's because Of her. They were with them at the dignified Transfer. Her and her and Joe Biden's incompetence that those 13 Americans were killed in Afghanistan. Okay? Number one, at the dignified transfer ceremony of the bodies of these heroes. Joe Biden was checking his watch and what Kristen we, or whatever her name is just said is bullshit.


Kamala Harris was not there. She's never recognized these families. Here's the correction by Meet the press that was only forced into correcting it because fact checkers won't do their job. Throw that tweet up from them. On our broadcast this morning. We incorrectly implied that Biden and Harris attended the dignified transfer. Biden was in attendance, but Harris was not. Nothing these people tell you is true. Here's left Wing Snopes, but straight up Commies. This was so bad. Even they had to recognize it. Did Biden Check Watch Multiple Times During Transfer of Fallen Soldiers fact check.


True. Imagine the Commies having to say this. Nothing these people tell you ladies and gentlemen is true. Nothing. I promise you truth as a home base here, okay? I'm not gonna lie to you to protect anyone or anyone's agenda. You have my word, okay, and walk away from a job I loved over a decade ago to bullshit you. Okay? We have built this army because it matters and it's built around a foundation of truth. And I mean that now go and execute. Let's win this thing in 63 days. I'll see you guys here in the radio show in a little bit on Rumble.


If you wanna watch it live rumble.com slash bonino, please give us a follow rumble's free By the way, folks, you can download the Rumble app. It's absolutely free. If you don't like ads, that's okay. You can subscribe to Rumble Premium. That's available for you as well. rumble.com slash bonino. If you wanna watch on the, on your laptop or computer.


Also give us a follow. If you wouldn't mind, the Dan Bongino Show on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. It means a lot to us. We deeply appreciate it. Thanks for all your support.


You guys are great. See you in a radio show in a little bit. Back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.