
Get ready to hear America think collapse again on a show That ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Yo, what's up? Yeah, I was just asking the guys, we, I mean we are really, we knew we were talking about the end stages. We were training again today in the new studio. You're gonna love it. Gee, or, or Michael are we, we sure we're at least gonna get a few shows in from the new studio right as we wrap up the program? No, We're not sure. I sure If Gee says he is not sure folks get on him in the chat. Say, gee manifested, be an optimist. Wake up in the morning and say, I am gee. And I am going to get this show going in the new studio.


Michael, are we gonna do it? It's all on Comcast. It's he's Michael's blaming everyone. Everyone's like, everyone's passing the Nerf football to someone else. Hundred percent. Hundred percent. Thank you. GH manifested it. See, tell him to be positive. Who said it in the chat? Let's go gh. Bt man. There you go. Do it. Get it done gh. You can do it. Sam h You see everybody's sending positive vibes. We are gonna make it happen. But I thought for a second everything crapped out. Everything's like, I don't know if it's the tech gremlin small G gods, but they were laughing at us yesterday between Wirecast the TV and we're like, okay, at this point everything's like fried, but we are gonna get this done.


I appreciate you all being here. I'm so excited as we kind of wind down the show and get ready for another phase in the life of Dan Bongino Silver. It's, yeah, which soon to be transition over to Silver Lock is a lot of fun. You guys have been great. Thank you for all we're trying to get back to everyone on email and messages by the way, because you guys mean the world to us, but it's been pretty voluminous so we appreciate


it. Today's show brought to you by Birch Gold. I buy my gold from Birch Gold Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on Gold


today's show. Also brought to you by express VPN millions of veterans and active duty military of risk and continue to risk their lives for our freedom. The ironies that our country's becoming less and less free by the day. Our phones are listening to US Tech companies are tracking all of our online activity for profit these days. Fighting for freedom can't just be the job of our military. We have to do our part at home too. One product I use every day is called Express. VPN Express VPN is an app that sends 100% of my online activity through secure encrypted service. So no one can track your online activity with Express VPN. None of your online activity is logged. They have a strict zero logs policy Express VPN can't share your data if they don't have it. Express VPN's easy to use. It can take one click works on all your devices. If you're not in the military but still want to fight for your freedom, get express VPN right now. You can get an extra four months for free when you use this link. Go to express vpn.com/bino and get four extra months of express v pn. That's express vpn.com/bonino.


Alright fellas, big show today. There's the bell. The, of course the media hysteria continues over my transition from the business world back into the United States government. Don't worry, we will not be doing a segment on that today. I'm kind of worn out about it. You are too. And there's so much going on that in the last, now two weeks remaining with you. I wanna make sure we get to the news and we do our jobs. 'cause my job was Ed. Like I always said, edutainment, I want the show to be hat to Boogie down Productions, right? If, if the show is not entertaining, you're not gonna stay here. But I want it to be educational too. We're all gonna learn something. And one guy who is becoming a PhD level talking head edutainment mastermind because he's not only very educational and smart where you feel like you learn something, but he's freaking entertaining folks.


It's really hard to watch people on TV who are boring. Correct? Of course Dan, you'd be stunned how many people don't get that. There is obviously an enjoyment entertainment component to doing content creation. Just because it's a serious topic like politics doesn't mean people need to come here and be bored. You'd be shocked how many people in this space do not understand that. A guy who gets it and is, I mean he's not even a rising star. He is just become a star is Scott Jennings over at CNN. I say this as a compliment. I don't know how this guy hasn't been fired yet. He really makes the CNN liberal host look quite silly all the time. But I gotta tell you, if you missed this gem last night, this may be one of his finer performances.


Keep in mind with Scott Jennings, he's typically on a panel with three to five liberals. I mean pretty devout hardcore liberals and a host who's usually tilted in the, in the liberal direction, almost always. And he manages to constantly make everyone face plant. But last night was the best, this is about a minute 30, but it's worth your time. He's on with four or five liberals and they're trying to give him a quote civics lesson. And they don't seem entirely unaware that the president's, the commander-in-chief of the military. Just to be clear, you're on a national cable news network and you're hearing about this for the first, for the first time on CNN.


I'm not kidding. And watch the use of the term civics lesson and see who really gets one. Check this out. It Seems to me that you all both believe that the unelected part of our government, the bureaucracy, has a responsibility to resist the political leadership. Is that your view? That's not actually what, That's not at all What we said. They're upholding the constitution, the principles of the Constitution and at times have seen How Trump shredding the Constitution. My God. He is like, should We go to, I mean seriously, we have civic, civic lesson that we have. I don't know that we have that we have, we put all power in the executive branch. I was holding the guard, the, the legislative branch, the FBI now we're in control of, of the military. Yes, we silencing media chief.


This what you DIC leadership, Not are, are you suggesting that the president is not the commander in chief of the military? I'm suggesting that the president is going to put in charge somebody who is going to contrave the Constitution. And at some near point, this conversation will look very silly for you because it would be obvious. And right now you're gaslighting wait. He's gonna put put, but when we get to the actual rubber of the road of this, I'm sorry. It Will be clear, I'm, I'm interested in this conversation. He's going to put someone in charge who will contrave the constant. Like who, what do you mean by that? The president is in charge of the military. Is he not? You said he's gonna put someone in charge. The Military, the president is in charge of the military. That is how It works. He was elected president. We, according to the constitution vest all executive authority in a president and the concept that the military should be an independent agency or that the bureaucracy should resist the political leadership of this government is extraordinarily dangerous.


Say That's such a straw. That's not what we said. That's literally not what we said. I'm just repeating back to you. You're, I didn't Guys, guys, this guy is an absolute gem. Okay? I'm a plus one minus one guy. Passionate but not emotional. I don't, if you watch my show, you get the distinction. Okay? And by the way, thank you to Barrett Media, Garrett Seawright for writing a really, really nice article. I deeply appreciate it. Said What Radio host can learn from Bonino or someone who talked about how authentic the show is. That was really nice. Being authentic is obviously authentic.


You don't really try. You're authentic or you're not. But I really appreciate that. But this guy Jennings is a Jim. Couple things I wanna point out. How bad does it have to be on the panel when an obviously left-leaning host like Abby Phillips, who, you know, what her credits she has Jennings on and I mean it gives her, this is smart. I mean we used to have liberals on my show on Fox Unfiltered Gee used to call, remember the rebuttal? Gee hated the rebut the rebuttal. Gee hated it. But I thought it was important on a show called Unfiltered to let liberals come on and say how they feel so that we could debate it. So hat tip to her for having Jennings on, but she's obviously left-leaning.


How bad does it have to be when she's even correcting the panel? Like, yeah, the president's in charge of the military quote. That's how it works. You run, guys, listen, CNN still has an audience. It's not a huge audience, but they have an audience. Okay? It, it exists. Imagine being on a national cable news network and saying something so ridiculous that we're in some kind of constitutional crisis because the president is managing the military and the FBI who fall underneath the management purview of the president. Scott also has to read to them the constitution, the powers of the presidency delineated in the Constitution that the executive powers are vested in a president.


Not many presidents, not the president and an independent bureaucracy, not a president. Independent agencies in a president that's in the actual constitution. Producer Jim has a copy on his desk. There's an app for the constitution too. I like the app. It's easy to navigate through. You can look up Article one, article two involving the presidency and Article three courts. You can look it up, you know, oh boy, you know, the resistance this time, quote quotes has definitely been a little more muted compared to last time. But I find the resistance this time to be so confused about the hills to die on, whether it's the doge or the, the same fascist tyranny arguments they've been using forever, which haven't worked.


And you lost an election on that. It's, it's, it's almost turned into this like extinction burst of behavior. We talk about all the time with the Coke machine. You put a dollar into a Coke machine, you'll get a Coke and you're just pounding the, they're just pounding the machine 'cause they're not being rewarded by this. But the change has been refreshing, folks, the Ws I I tell you, I have always been proud of this amazing, unbelievable, incredible country full of patriots and entrepreneurs and heroes. I mean, the United States is the beacon of freedom. Man, that flag, it's not a table cloth, you know, it's not a napkin. The fabric part is irrelevant. It's what it stands for. That matters.


It's why I'm headed back. But watching this change, I I'm, I'd be lying to you if I said I didn't feel an elevated sense of pride in what this country did for itself in rescuing itself from all the horrors of the last administration. The change has been incredible. You wanna see this? You never see this in the last administration. This is HUD secretary, Scott Turner, wonderful guy at the President's first cabinet meeting yesterday at the request of President Trump starting off a cabinet meeting with a prayer. What a refreshing change of direction. Check this out. Most importantly, where are you?


This is a gentleman who's going places the head of hud and he's gonna say, you all know him and you're gonna say, grace, and then we'll have our meeting, right? Thank you very much. Thank you Mr. Fred. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for this awesome privilege, father, to be in your presence. God thank you that you've allowed us to see this day. The Bible says that your mercs are new every morning and Father God will give you the glory and the honor. Thank you God for President Trump, father for appoint us. Father God, thank you for anointing us to do this job. Father, we pray you'll give the President the Vice President wisdom Father God as they lead.


Father, I pray for all of my colleagues that are here around the table and in this room, Lord God, we pray that we would lead with a righteous clarity. Father God, as we serve the people of this country and every perspective agency, every job that we have, father, we would humble ourselves before you. I see all of you, man. There were a lot of comments in the chat. You guys are frying the chat. God bless him proving 81. Praise God for this moment. You guys are great. Dino Ray. Amen. Dennis Dems are whack jobs. Awesome. I love you guys man.


I, I think you get what I get. That this is an folks, the constitution is not freedom from religion, it's freedom of religion. Scott Turner and President Trump are free to pray as they wish. And man, I'm gonna tell you, I've always been proud of this place always, even despite our ups and downs, poor leadership, terrible Democrats and Republicans in charge. However, I'd be lying to you if I said over the last month or so, I think you guys feel the same, that there's a, we stepped it up man. We stepped it up and stuff is finally getting done. Stuff we've only talked about for a really long time. And again, I'd be remiss if we did not recognize the efforts of President Trump and Elon Musk to finally do what a lot of Republicans for decades were afraid to do, which is call out the real problem.


You know what? I hate to go outta order guys. That Axios floater I had. Can you throw that in there? I threw this. You know what I'm talking about, right? I threw this in there this morning. The Democrats, even Axios, which is a left leaning out. Let's be candid about it, okay? Axios, even this morning, whether they meant to do it or not, kind of implicitly recognize what Donald Trump and Elon are telling you that we don't have a tax problem. Folks, our tax revenue every year to the government, even if you're a believer in big high confiscatory tax rates. I am not. I am not. But if you are, you are still winning. Tax revenue keeps going up.


Here's Axios this morning. Mike Allen. I love taxes. What's that? I love taxes. He hates this all. I love it. This is a good, he said since Trump signed this 2017 tax, basically tax cut into law deficits are up 248%. So any growth they helped achieve has been swamped by spending. Do you folks, you guys really need to McGrain crew P one's out there, Bino Army folks, screenshot this and paste it to your door. Is he not telling you what I've been telling you for the 10 years I've been doing this podcast that tax rates at this point will within a certain ban, will almost always follow Houser's Law.


You will get roughly the same amount as a percentage of GDP because as the taxes go higher, people just do more things to avoid paying taxes. Tax evasion is a crime. Clear as day. Tax avoidance is an American pastime, folks. That's why people hire accountants. How do I avoid this legally? How do I avoid that? Legally that's what they do. They're admit, keep that up for a second. Screenshot this, get a back tattoo with this kid fact checkers. They're so, they, they've been swamped by spending. They're basically admitting it doesn't matter what you tax people, the governments keeps spending more money. That's why this clip Trump and Elon Musk at the cabinet meeting yesterday is so important.


Folks, the message has to get out there that even if you're a big government guy or gal out there, I'm not even if you are, you have lost the initiative. You have lost the story. Even Axios is admitting this now. We just spend too much money. Watch this V two, We're cutting down government, we're cutting down the size of government. We have to, we're bloated, we're sloppy. We have a lot of people that aren't doing their job. We have a lot of people that don't exist. This, when you have the megaphone like President Trump, it is so critical. You get this message out there folks.


Remember the third party thing? I get it. If you love big government, that argument that we're too bloated, we're too big, we're spending too much money, spending is taxation by the way. It's either taxation now or taxation in the future. I get it. It's falling on deaf ears with a lot of people who fall on the left side of the political spectrum. I understand that. But remember my third party theory, it doesn't matter. There's always a third party listening who's not a Democrat or Republican. Maybe they're an independent, they're just scrolling through Twitter one day and they see this and maybe they hear this by President Trump and maybe they start looking this up themselves and they say, you know what these crazy conservatives are, right? Tax revenue keeps going up and up and up and up and yet the deficits keep getting worse and worse and worse and worse.


Meaning we have a government spending problem, folks, we're in the danger zone. There's a body of research out there and it's been, it's been called into question about the specifics of it, but it's a, the, the the, the results of it are pretty robust. Once you hit a debt level where we're floating in government debt at about a hundred percent of GDP, which we are way over. When you factor in entitlements way over folks, growth just grinds to a halt. We have got to fix this. It is not an issue for tomorrow. A stupid kick the can down the road, whatever. It's an issue for now. There's only power in now. We've gotta do it now.


And this is one of the reasons you're seeing some folks in the media try to draw divisions and cleave a big division between President Trump and Elon. I'm telling you, I know this from friends of mine in the administration. It is not going to happen. These guys respect each other. All of your articles out there, president Elon trying to get into President Trump's head, they are absolutely falling on deaf ears. How many times is he gonna have to re-litigate this, his support for what Elon's doing before you realize it's a dead end? We know what you're doing. V three Trump at the cabinet, check this out. President Trump put out a truth social today saying that everybody in the cabinet was, was happy with you.


I just wondered if that's, if you had heard otherwise and if you had heard anything about members of the cabinet who weren't happy with the way things were going and if so, what are you doing to address those? Any dissatisfaction? Oh, let the cabinet speak just for a second. Unhappy if you are, we throw 'em out here unhappy. We have a lot of respect for Elon and that he's doing this and some disagree a little bit, but I will tell you, for the most part, I think everyone's not only happy that the real so, So I'm just taking a note here, Gee's, like I think you should, when GE says you need to talk about something like Star Wars, he's been here the longest, he's got seniority.


So I feel like even I work for gee at this point. I'm like I better say that. Do you get the point there? You see what they're doing? Now what is my kind of golden rule of of of of left wing media analysis of things. Be careful and learn the distinction between being told a story and the story. A story you're being told is President Elon is taking over the cab now and they're moving on to the cabinet. President Trump is in danger. They're trying to play into everybody's ego. The cabinet, you guys have no authority. Elon's taken it from you. You see what they're trying to do. The story is quite different. He has President Trump's back. These cabinet officials understand Elon's not in charge, president Trump is, but Elon considers himself kind of like tech support and the president has, the executive has the power to do this.


Biden Obama have always appointed advisors. There's nothing new here. I want you to understand that you are being told a story now they're moving on to the cabinet, try to get cabinet officials to leak behind the scenes. It's not gonna happen. We don't like Elon to charge this fake WWE fight. It's not gonna happen. Gee asked me to kind of clear up what's going on with Silver Lock folks. Silver Lock is going to be the new company. There are a lot of ethics laws which we are gonna com obviously gonna comply with. Dotted i's Cross T's. So I have to divorce myself from the company. So we're going to move the company. It's going to be relabeled Silver Lock, but nothing is, is is going to change on the tech side.


Don't worry about the Rumble channel and things like that. But I can't be involved with it for ethics reasons. I hope you understand. So Silver Lock, you'll see it right there and you see my face on there for now. Although if you could cut my face out again, I'd really appreciate it. That is not as a definitely a face for radio. You see Avita Haley Caria, her show starting stat. I think she already moved. I think she's down here. I was kidding again, but you guys are fast. So there's Avita Hailey and we've got a number of surprises. But this is gonna be thank you guys, but this will still be your home. It'll just be a company run as it always has been by Paula and I won't be having any input. So you know, I hope to see you guys on the other side.


But silver lock.com if you want updates silver LOCH silver lock.com. We'll give you all the updates and you'll see it's, you know, it's not gonna change much for you guys. It'll change a lot for me. So I thank you for asking that question. Gee said you got a gee's been monitoring the chat. Alright, quick break and I'm gonna get back to this showing you how we are on the path ladies and gentlemen to almost certain mathematical bankruptcy if we don't course correct quick and the proof of life email. What's that? Stay tuned.


Are you one of those yo-yo dieters? You know, you diet lose weight then you gain it all back with a few extra pounds and then you get that really bad look 'cause you lost your muscle too. You don't wanna do that. It's not good for you. Studies show it can increase your risk of a heart attack. Stroke type two diabetes and other health pro health problems. You wind up looking worse at the end of it too. Break free of that up and down diet pattern. That's a reason doctors created. Lean, lean. It's a supplement. I used it, it was fantastic. The result. It's not an injection. You don't need a prescription. The science behind lean is impressive. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar, it helps control appetite and cravings and it helps burn fat by converting fat into energy. If you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back, if you wanna lose meaningful weight at a healthy pace, lean was created for you. So let's get you started today with 20% off when you enter code Dan twenty@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan. That's code dan20@brickhousenutrition.com slash Dan. This guy has been with me a long time, really appreciate the company statement and product. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA and not diagnosed treat cure, prevent any disease and it's not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. So thank you Brick House nutrition.


So folks, the country I just told you before, the numbers don't lie. When you hit this massive tidal wave of debt that equals a hundred percent of your GDP without talking in economic wonker, you know, you guys get it. You're smart. It's the equivalent of say your salary is $80,000 a year. You doing okay? You're not doing great, but you're doing okay. You're supporting a couple of kids. You get to take a vacation if you owed $80,000 a year and you cannot keep up with the interest payments at all so that you're, you're barely paying down the interest. So the principal keeps building because the interest is getting piled in, right? You are in a lot of fiscal trouble. That is the tipping point. That's where we are right now.


I'm not trying to scare you, provoke anxiety because panic, you don't wanna the bed and it rhymes with hit. That's no good. Never do that. Don't panic. But knowledge is power. We are at the tipping point. Now we could be looking at a really dangerous scenario if we don't get this under control. Elon's a smart guy guy sends rockets into space, catches him with those chopsticks things on the way back, he reinvented the car market. He's not dumb. He understands the simple math of this. Here he is V four Elon's talking about his goal. He wants to stop the country from going bankrupt. This isn't hard. Check this out. The, the overall goal here with the Doge team is to help address the enormous deficit. We simply cannot sustain a country $2 trillion deficits.


The interest rates, just the interest on the national debt now exceeds the defense department spending. We spend a lot on the defense department, but we're spending like over a trillion dollars on interest if this continues, the country will go become de facto bankrupt. It's, it's not an optional thing. It is an essential thing that that's, that's the reason I'm here. I do it every time because I've only got a couple weeks left with you guys before I engage in this new mission here. Do you guys hate these economic segments yet? Let's do it there. No, let, let's make it easy, okay? Yes. You like them? Yes, is usually so why or yes or no I hate them 'cause I've got two weeks left and I'm really fascinated by this stuff because, and I'm only, the only reason I'm fascinated by it is the answers are so easy.


The implementation is hard. I understand getting the media and congress to act and, and bureaucrats and lobbyists to act. 'cause they're all getting, they're all feeding from the government trough. I understand that. That's hard. I get wow, man, this chat is like Chris at Rumble tells me we melt the chat like no one else. Okay, good. Wow. Good. That's, I Thank you. You went the, the answer is so simple. It is actually this simple. Notice I didn't use, I hate literally it is actually this simple. Just stop spending a lot of money. That's it. 'cause if we grow it two or 3% and our debt only grows at 1%, then we will eventually at some point mathematically get ahead of the debt.


But we're not doing it. It's really stunning. I played the bankruptcy one. So when we talk about this bloated federal bureaucracy, queue up for me if you would. V five. There is a reason Elon, OPM, the Doge and President Trump who's in charge of all of this, he's the country's chief executive. You saw the constitutional lesson by the great Scott Jennings in the beginning, okay? When they sent out an email to federal employees saying, Hey man, can you just list five things you did? Basically all you had to do was hit reply. You could have put a character in there, they would've at least known you were watching your email.


This is not a winner to the Democrats out there attacking Elon and Doge and the team at OPM for doing this. Trust me, when I tell you I'm not here for political advice, especially moving forward. I'm just telling you this is a loser of an argument because every American that works for a living at some point has had to tell their boss here's or show their boss. Here's what I did today. Everyone check this out. About half of the government employees so far appear to have responded to your request for what they've been doing over the past week. Is there a timeline in place for next moves for people being fired? And when can the American people expect to see results of that?


Yes. Well, to be, to be clear, like the, I think that email perhaps was best interpreted as a performance review, but actually it was a pulse check review. Do you have a pulse? Do you have a pulse And two neurons? So if you have a pulse and two neurons, you can reply to an email. This is, you know, I think not a high bar is what I'm saying. This is should be, anyone could accomplish this. But what we are trying to get to the bottom of is we think there are a number of people on the government payroll who are dead, which is probably why they can't respond. And, and some people who are, are not real people.


Like they're literally fictional individuals that are collecting paycheck. All somebody's collecting paychecks on a fictional individual who we're just literally trying to figure out are these people real? Are they alive and can they write an email? It's all you had to do, man. All you had to do, you, you realize your five things you probably could have responded back, Barney Power Rangers, the Flintstones. It doesn't matter what you, no one was reading it. I sincerely doubt someone at OPM was going to go through every email and wrote, Hey gee wrote back that he fixed wire cast yesterday, did training at the news studio, moved some of the objects and cameras over debugged the system.


No one was reading that. They just wanted you to reply to make sure you weren't dead. Because one of the golden rules of the Damon Gino show is don't get dead. Wait, I know we gotta take a break. Can we? Yes. We gotta, where's that Kim Strel thing? Can we put that up there? Now I know I'm going all outta order, but this is so important. I'm on the air yesterday on radio. You wanna see how inefficient your government is? However bad you think it is, I promise you it's worse. Okay. Kim Strel has this piece up 12 things she writes on on Wednesday and Thursday. It's, it's always a good, I like Kim's work.


She, again, it's not a big MAGA person, but that's okay. Now, you know, we don't have, you gotta get a wide variety of ideas in there. She has this piece up called We Pay Dead People. Yes. And in the piece there is apparently folks, I don't know if you knew this, there's a death file and a death, a master death file in the government. In other words, who's dead. And she writes, while social security does mistakenly pay out beneficiaries, the IG reports that many of the 72 billion in improper payments was overpayments to living people. Okay, fair enough. Good to know. I like facts. So she goes on, I was totally unaware of this.


Part two of that one that there's a, a master death file apparently. And the look at this, read this. You wanna like pull your hair out with me? It's hard. It's so short. You wouldn't wanna do it anyway. What is that called? Like is that trichotillomania for you? Psychology majors in there. I forget it. I'm thinking back to my psych psych days. The, the fi the far bigger problem is that the Treasury Department until recently did not have access to social security's master basically death list. So was unable to add the names to a do not pay system, which other agencies use. She writes checks to pay heating costs, housing subsidies, disability insurance, pensions, farming, sub to Medicaid, Medicare, disaster aid.


She goes on and on. The treasury department up until recently had no access to this death list at all. Folks, how many of you out there run a small, medium or large business? Can you imagine having an employee who quits and is dead and they're still getting an employment check and nobody picks it up? I mean stuff, This video of Trump talking about social security, the 300 year old people Yeah. Play it, play it, play this video. Check this out. I did see this one play it. 3.9 million people are on the age of social security from 130 years old to 139 years old.


Now, the all time record I heard is a woman who was a hundred, she was 127 years old. That's the record. A woman from a certain country where they have actually people that lived pretty long actually. And she was 127 years old. That's pretty old. But we're topping her by millions, millions of people. 3.5 million people from the age one forty two, one hundred and forty nine years old. 1.3 million people are on social security from the age 150 to 159 and over 130,000 people are on social security over the age of 160 years old.


Okay? Including 1000, oh, 39 people think of it. Over 1000 people between the ages of 220 to 229. And one person between the age of 240 years old to 249. And the record topper, there is one person on social security who's 360 years old, which is approximately 110 years older than our country. That's impressive, man. I mean 360 years old Now the Democrat's defense to this has been, oh, they're not payments going out to those people. The database is just so antiquated, old and inefficient that it doesn't remove those people from the list.


That's your defense, that a 300 60-year-old is still in a database you're trying to manage to pay living people. Social security. What is that person? Lestat Tom Cruise from Interview from a Vampire. What are they doing to live that long? Sauna, cold plunge, collagen. NAD injections. Botox, what is happening? Gene therapy. I'd love to know. I just watched that. Nosferatu, are they nosferatu? Your defense is that the government just doesn't have a database efficient enough to get dead people off of a payments list from a program going bankrupt that people live on and need.


That's your defense. It's sad, man. I mean sad stuff, but this is, we gotta clean this mess up. We got two years to do it before the midterms. Quick break here.


As someone who lives a public life and shares content online, I'm hyper aware of how information's tracked and use your personal information can be sold online right now without you even knowing. So I recommend Delete Me. Delete Me is a subscription service that helps remove your personal information from hundreds of data broker websites. Go to join, delete Me. Go to join delete me.com/bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout. When you sign up, just provide, delete me with exactly what information you want deleted and their experts. Take it from there. Delete me, sends you regular personalized privacy reports showing what info they found, where they found it, and what they removed. Take control of your data. Keep your private light. PRI private. Light private by signing up for Delete Me now at a special discount today. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join delete me.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join delete me.com/bonino. Enter our code bonino at checkout. That's join delete me.com/bonino. Use code bonino.


And our last sponsor today is NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts. You'll get 10 answers. Bull Market, bear Market, Rachel Rise, Rachel Fall. Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 41,000 businesses of future-Proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one fluid platform with NetSuite. There's one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you visibility and control to make quick decisions. And with real time insights and forecasting, you're peering into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backwards and more time on what's next. And I'll tell you if I ever need a product, if, if that, if I ever need a product line like this. And next NetSuite's where we're gonna go, whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions. NetSuites NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine learning at netsuite.com/bonino. The guide is free to you at netsuite.com/bonino netsuite.com/bonino.


Thank you. Thanks guys. I always appreciate it. The sponsors pay to keep the show free and we appreciate you guys staying in tune there. Folks. Jasmine Crockett has been the gift that keeps on giving up in Congress. Some of the stuff she says is borderline ridiculous. I I, sometimes you have to wonder if this is a comedy act or not. Here's Jasmine Crockett, a Democrat member of Congress, amazingly correlating the Donald Trump Peace talks with the launch of World War iii. I don't know how this connection was made, but magically she manages to do it. Check this out. Instead, we're pushing conspiracy theories and some of them are killing people.


It's the same thing that we have coming out of Doge. It's the reason that people are dying. It's the reason that farmers are losing their farms because we continue to peddle conspiracy theories. It is time for us to say, Mr. President, guess what? Russia invaded Ukraine. Can we, can we at least agree on that one? Yes. Facts matter y'all, this is literally potentially putting us into an international crisis. We may be heading towards the next World war because we have a president that wants to pal around with Putin and wants to do everything to make him feel good. Including lying about who invaded who.


Now, JD Vance, who is a remarkable vice presidential candidate with political messaging talents we haven't seen since a guy named God Donald Trump. And they make for the perfect kind of foil to each other given their presentation style. So they're getting the same message across. JD Vance addressed this very same topic too. It's really shocking how the formerly dove kind of peacenik left and media people who painted George W. Bush as a war monger for Iraq and elsewhere. Whether you agreed with it or not, you can go back and look that stuff up. There were leftist operations like code pink.


I remember I was an agent when it was happening. They would show up at every site on the corner with the signs, you know, free to protest all you want. But it's remarkable how the media back then in the Iraq war seemed to be interested in a more dous dous approach to foreign policy. And now you've got Donald Trump saying something very simple. Hey, listen, Russia's basically a nuclear powered opponent with the United States, but there are common interests whether you like them or not. Something that came up recently. This is important. Pay attention to this. This is really important that the Mel, the development in the Arctic in disputed areas, disputed. 'cause some people are claiming it in some countries that probably don't have a solid legal claim.


However, there are a lot of resources up there. And with technology, the ability to get at those resources is going to require at some point diplomacy. This is just a fact. So Donald Trump is saying, Hey, given that we are in a complicated world where there's a lot of gray and not everything is black and white, it's probably best to talk to this nuclear powered opponent of ours in many ways rather than engage in nuclear war. Which is really shocking because as you heard with Jasmine Crockett, she's making the opposite claim that somehow talking to Putin and trying to get some resolution on these complicated problems is somehow an off Ramp to war.


It doesn't make any sense. Vice President Vance handled this perfectly in a cabinet meeting yesterday addressing this exact same point with the media. Please show us how, what we're doing. Traditional diplomacy. I mean, remember it was Hillary Clinton with the reset button with Sergei Avro from the Russians. They tried to, why? Now all of a sudden is it so different? Check this out. As The president said, we're not gonna do the negotiation in public with the American media. He's gonna do it in private with the president of, of Russia with the President of Ukraine and with other leaders. And I think that's how this has to go. I think the, I just wanna push back against some of the criticism I've seen of the administration on this because every single time the president engages in diplomacy, you guys preemptively accuse him of conceding to Russia.


He hasn't conceded anything to anyone. He's doing the job of a diplomat and he is of course the diplomat in chief as the president of the United States. That's what president does as the chief executive. Just like a CEO negotiates on behalf of the business Vice President Vance is a hundred percent correct folks. I, I am a realist on foreign policy. We have a lot of countries, a lot of foreign policy professionals on both sides when we negotiate that are looking, that are looking out for their own countries near mercenary interest.


Donald Trump is starting to see through that and he's saying, well, we need to kind of be the same way. We have to view this as a plus one minus one. Not everything is black or white here. Perfect example was a withdrawal from Afghanistan, by the way, folks, a, a a umbrella policy. I supported, I didn't think we should have been in Afghanistan as long as we were, just my humble opinion. I spent some time in Afghanistan. I'm not pretending to be chief negotiator for our Afghan policy or anything like that. But I've been over there and I've seen both Kabul, I saw Bagram before President Biden pulled out and abandoned Bagram.


And what happened is it resulted in the death and the collapse of a government right there and the death of American heroes in our military. Secretary Heg says, had enough of that and he's going to engage in an investigation on this. If you watch the cabinet meeting yesterday and the answer I'd like everybody paying attention is important. And Secretary Hegseth I know is on this is why did we abandon Bagram Airbase folks, if you've ever been there, it was a fortress military facility fortress. It was a, if you're talking about military facilities, this was the gold standard. Why would you abandon your castle first to go and defend a basically indefensible city in the middle of Kabul?


It made no sense and everybody warned Biden against it. That's the question I want answered. Listen to Secretary Hank said, talk about this, Doing a complete review of every single aspect of what happened with the botch withdrawal of Afghanistan and plan to have full accountability. It's one of the first things we announced at the Defense Department. For that reason, sir, certainly General Raisin Cain, who's on his way in, was not a part of that, instead was a part of leading the effort against ISIS by untying the hands of war fighters and finishing the job properly and then bringing our troops home. So we're taking a very different view, obviously, than the previous administration and there will be full accountability. I don't see big promotions in that group and I think, I think they're gonna be largely gone.


I I know the man on my left. I think they're gonna be largely gone. That was a horrible display. And you know, I've dealt with the parents and the family of the 13 that were killed. But you know, nobody ever talks about the 40 that were so badly hurt with the arms and the legs and the face and the whole thing, the missing arms and legs. It was so terrible. This is what I'm talking about, Donald Trump, the pragmatist, the spreadsheets guy. He can't figure out why you would do something so contradictory to the mission. Hey, we need to get out of Afghanistan, which is something he was pretty much committed to. But you don't just walk away and leave a, a military facility abandoned with your assets, allow the enemy to take it and then try to defend an indefensible city.


I mean, that's pretty much common sense, isn't it? By the way, I'm reading, I'm reading your, I'm reading all your your stuff in the chat and, and, and guys, I yes, I promise you like I'm, I'm, you know, I'm committed to this. I I'm seeing your questions and I'm totally picking up what you're putting down. I got you. Don't sweat it, man. I read everything and I appreciate being, I, I know I keep bringing it up. I'm sorry, but I've only got a few shows left with you guys and it is as bitter sweet as anything I've ever experienced. I'm I this range of emotion.


By the way, I did get some sleep last night. I sat on the radio show I was really having for the first time in a while. I was having problems sleeping at night. I was getting up and there's so much I wanna change and do in this new position with Director Patel at the FBI that I'm getting up in the middle of the night. I have this notebook and I'm on like page 10 right now of notes and ideas. I have, you know, everything from recruitment to morale building to, you know, just dramatic change and I don't wanna miss any of it. Little red notebook like this. And last night I think my body just gave up. I've been sleeping basically three hours a night. And as you can tell by today's show where I think I seem a little more bubbly, I have, I came into today's show all ready to go.


I probably slept 10 hours last night. I was out. I looked, I woke up, I looked at my, I went in, I keep the phone away from my head because I don't like the, you know, going off in the middle of the night and that's gonna change. And I saw it said five 17, I was like, yes. Finally I've been waking up. It was like two o'clock in the morning. You see a two or a three no dice folks, you know what a tautology is. You're smart. You know what it is? Tautology is just a, basically a statement of truth on its face that shouldn't require repeating a tautological statement. When you learn to see these tautologies, these tautological statements, you'll notice that the media does them all the time.


And they're so ridiculous that it's the kind of thing when you see it, you can't unsee it. Now the only reason I'm saying is, is it's meant to sound like a deep thought. Like let me give you an example. Something like young people are the future. Yeah. IIII get it. Like that's an obvious chronological fact of time, but people say it and lesser minds will be like, wow, that's deep. I promise you it's not. Why am I bringing that up? He's like, you gotta throw this one in the show. Politico Trump administration fires early career federal workers. It could alter the future of government.


Can you, can you just leave that up? Can we savor this one for a second? He did. Gee, fought for this hard, gee fought for this almost as almost as he fought for the Kathleen Kennedy leaving Star Wars thing yesterday. He was like, if he even wrote on my rundown sheet, which is like a major no-no, he's like, must cover Trump administration fires early career workers. It could alter the future of, it's a headline. It's an actual headline. Careful there, I almost turned it into an accident. By the way. Not everyone, I, I want you to, it's critical. We learn and everybody, me included, and we'll get really good at this, when you start learning how to read headlines like this, which happened for me over the course of 10 years, you just kind of laugh.


Like this is what a ridiculous headline. Of course that's like, again, that's like young people are the future. But learn the distinction also between being told a story and the story. A story you're typically being told by a lot of people in the media is rarely the actual story. So a story you're being told now is that the American public is in Revolt Town halls are going crazy. They want this bloated government. This is a great thing we should be, we shouldn't be looking into any of this. Here is a relatively left-leaning show, but very, very popular. It's called the Breakfast Club. One of the hosts, Charlemagne probably heard about him. I want you to listen to this caller that calls into the show claims to be a federal employee.


And this did not go as people expected. If you're from the left, this is the story, not us story. Check this out. Hello. Hey, good morning. What's your name? Yes, good morning. I wanna say anonymous, but I do work for the federal government. All right, can you at me tell us where Yes. In Florida, Miami, Florida. Oh, I mean like what branch? Like what do you doing? The government. Oh, a department of Human Services. Okay. Okay. Well now what's up? How you, how are you feeling? Did you get one of those emails? Talk to us. Yes, I got the email and I honestly feel like this is a great opportunity to outline what you as an employee bring to the comp, you know, bring to the federal government and if it is really good what you outlined, they could give you an opportunity to get a promotion or something.


Like, God forbid they ask you what you've done, any other job, they'll ask you at the end of the week, at the end of the month you, because I used to do bookkeeping. Okay, so what did we do? You know, at the end of the month, what are the clients that we have to, you know, gear towards two? So at the end of the day, God forbid anybody make any, and this is a democratic thing, it's like I don't wanna get the parties into it, but they don't wanna go to work. They wanna work from home. People are not working from home. You know, this is what you signed up for. If you don't like it, resign. Can't say it much straighter than that. If you don't like it, resign folks.


Again, a story and this story are not the same thing. I'm seeing it now. You know, again, with my name being in the news cycle, the questions we're getting are so preposterous. You realize that they're not really trying to tell the story. I had to send over my bio and everything today re regards to the new position. And as I was typing it out, I'm like, I, you don't have to like it, but just tell the truth about it. And they just refuse to do it because they have this kind of preconceived notion of any conservative that agrees to serve in government that the, the motives have to be malicious. And once you have that preconceived notion in your head, it is hard to write a story with even a modicum of fairness to it, which is part of the game, but shouldn't be.


All right folks, I appreciate you tuning in and you expect these shows to get harder and harder as we close down, as I transition the business over the course of the next two weeks, over to a different company, silver Lock, which will be run by Paula. I really appreciate it. A Vita's show will not be changing Hailey's show, which will be launching soon. Hailey Caria, by the way, she's up to I think 30,000 or something followers. You can follow a vita's show rumble.com, you see it on the screen right now. rumble.com/avita. And we will announce at URL at Rumble for Haley show soon. But give her a follow on X, it's H-A-Y-L-E-Y-C-A-R-O-N-I-A.


I think we like five x to followers, so she's great. You're gonna absolutely love her. I can't wait to add. And if you wanna see what's ahead for this, this media company we built that I'll be divorcing myself from in the very near future, silver lock.com, silver lock, LOC h.com. And the Internet is fixed at the studio. Oh really? Thank God. Thank God, the Lord, thank you. God, we really, you know, I don't use his name in vain. We had like an internet meltdown in the studio this morning and Michael said it right. There are problems and there are problems. No internet, no show. We can do a show with no camera. Michael can pull out his cell phone and we can do a show. No internet, no show.


So we fixed that. Thankfully, I'll see you guys on the radio show here in a little bit on Rumble and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM. Love you guys. You have no idea. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.