
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. You know, you guys catch it? Do you know what I forgot to do before the show? I forgot my 10 air squads. Hey man, you want a quick life hack? I'm serious. I'm not even messing with you before you're about to go into a meeting. I mean, you probably don't wanna do it in front of people, you get the point, but whatever. Go to the bathroom and do whatever. Do 10 air squads if you don't have bad knees or anything and it clears your head right away. I forgot my head. You know what? It's 'cause my head's so clear. I didn't think of it. Usually I'm groggy in the morning. Yeah, yeah, I know. I'm wearing jeans today.


You wanna see? Check it out. So, which is, I usually wear like, so I got the white shirt on again because I'm going out with Paula tonight and she likes the white shirt. So if you like the white shirt in the chat, let us know if you wanna vote it down, we'll throw it in the dust bin for the next two weeks while we're with each other. Ladies and gentlemen, before I even get started, I'm obviously not in the FBI yet. I do not start for another two weeks. Those are two completely distinct in different roles. They are separate. I am still a political opinion host on this podcast. I've treated it as such. I will treat my FBI position the exact opposite way.


I am a not a partisan individual in that job. There is going to be a, it's not a fine line, it is a bold line. I am not there yet. I appreciate the comments in the chat. I've been watching them. But Bonino rule, please, I am not there. I have not been. Just the Bonino rule applies. I'm not there. I am still the humble host of The Dan Bongino Show while we wind down the business. I didn't wanna leave you cold. They're two separate enterprises. Do you guys get where I'm going with this? Bonino? I saw someone in the chat. I thank you Anita. The best there.


Say, I'm not there yet till the 17th. Cash has got it. Attorney General Bondi have got it. Bonino rule. That's all I'm asking. And I say that as a, as a commentator, not as the soon to be FBI, deputy Director. I wanna be clear on that. There's two separate roles. All right. Bonino Rule applies to Bonino too.


Ban today's show sponsored by Lumen. You know, when your metabolism is working properly, you can feel the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. I found a valuable tool that helps me give insight, get insight into creating and improved metabolism for my body. You know, I love Life Acts. It's called Lumen. L-U-M-E-N. Lumen is one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device that can help measure your metabolism through your breath and on on the app. It lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs, provides tailored guidance to help improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. All you have to do is breathe into the lumen first thing in the morning. It'll analyze your metabolism, indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day based on your measurements. So take the next step, improve your wellness. Go to lumen.me/bonino to get 20% off your lumen. That's LUM n.me/bonino for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring the show. Your statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA, not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Alright, fellas, let's go. There's that bell. I'm obviously gonna miss you guys the most. And my crew, although I will see them as they run other shows. I mean, they're down here in Florida. It's not like I'm disappearing going to Mars or something, but I'm gonna tell you that bell in the morning. I know it's showtime, it's game time. I may, you know what? I may put the Kenny Bell. I'll send you the op three. Can I take the Kenny Bell? I mean, this is the, or you guys know the story of the Kenny Bell? A guy named Kenny sent us this bell for when the bell would crap out. It actually works. I'm gonna have to hit the Kenny Belt myself to get everything going in the morning. So thank you, Kenny. If you're still out there, if you're in the chat, let us know in the morning. That right?


I do. I know, I know. I'm gonna, I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna have someone come in the room. Bang that thing folks. Listen, one thing about Donald Trump, this is, I I say it all the time. This guy is so underestimated on the political front. I'm not telling you everything's four d chess. I'm not telling you the guy's, one of the Avengers, I'm just telling you. He has unbelievable political diplomacy, negotiating skills that are so frequently overlooked that it's hilarious to watch people who've gotten it wrong for years on foreign policy for years. They're, they're in think tanks. They're PhDs, they're geopolitical international diplomacy experts with air quotes.


For years, they've told us, don't relocate the embassy to Jerusalem. You're never gonna get a deal without the Palestinians. China's gonna be fine if you let them in the WTO, the EU is gonna support NATO with 2% of GDP. They have been wrong on just about everything. You give me 10 big foreign policy prescriptions by so-called geopolitical diplomacy experts. Nine of them were right. 12 of them were wrong out of 10. But there's only 10. Exactly. That's my point. President Trump has this unique ability to just kind of like, Stephen King's not a big fan of mine. Obviously you remember the mist. He just like parts the mist and gets right to the point.


So this happened yesterday. Kara Stormer, who is the new prime minister of the uk, was at the White House because they need the United States. The United Kingdom. It's, you know, we, you know, we need them for trade too. We're not on an island here in the United States by herself. And Donald Trump gets that. And did you ever notice he, when he has a foreign leader in the White House, he always does this white glove treatment. Let me tell you something I don't want, and ge shut me up if I'm going too long, long, he stops me. I'm gonna tell you something about this guy personally. The president of the United States. Donald Trump. Listen close here. I'm, I'm not telling you I'm his best friend. I'm not name dropping. You sound like a jerk when you say that, but I've been around him in private enough. He has a near magical ability to make the person standing in front of him always feel like the most special person in the room.


You ask anyone who's been around him, nobody does it like him. He took the, the, the honey out yesterday and made this relationship again work and we need it. Here he is though also dropping the hammer here a little bit, talking about tariffs and how it's gonna work right in front of the uk. Prime Minister, check this out. Persuade you not to put tariffs on the uk. He tried. He was working hard, I'll tell you that. He, he yearned whatever the hell they pay him over there, but he tried. We, I think there's a very good chance that in the case of these two great friendly countries, I think we, we could very well end up with a real trade deal where the tariffs wouldn't be necessary.


We'll see. But he, he's, he earned whatever they, whatever they pay him here today. He was working hard at lunch. Thank you, Sean Cash. Loved the white shirt. Someone asked, is it date night? Of course, it's one of our last ones. So of course it's, that's why you do, do, do you get why this clip is so important? Open up the show, folks. We don't cover a ton of foreign policy on the show. Why? Because there's so much going on domestically. I'd like to take care of issues in the United States first, however, listen to me. Beam in this segment is not about foreign policy. It's about Donald Trump. The negotiator the left wants you to believe and tell you a story that Donald Trump is some unhinged negotiating lunatic who fires off ridiculous things and doesn't mean anything.


No, I promise you. He means a lot of it. He is very seriously considering a bold tariff agenda as a negotiating tool. I'm not a huge fan of tariffs. I've said that over and over. But if we can use it to reduce tariffs as a negotiating tool, which I believe in the end we're gonna get to, they can be effective. But did you notice when he's got Kiir Starr in front of him, who is by the way, a pretty devout left-leaning guy? He's not one of us in the MAGA movement. He's certainly not a conservative populace by any respect. But do you see how the guy who's supposedly an unhinged lunatic is out there and, and right in front of the media and the United Kingdom press that's watching this, he manages to kind of dial down the temperature just enough that they know he's serious about tariffs, but that he's a negotiator too.


Does that make sense? It, it's, it, I'm telling you the truth. I'm telling you that the tariff may not happen. It's, it's up to him. It's not up to us. And he's gonna work that out with the US Trade and everyone else. Howard Lutnick over commerce, over a treasury. But don't fall in this leftist trap where you get caught every single time falling for every true social post as if he isn't using it as a tactical negotiating tactic. I'm gonna leave that part there. Here's Donald Trump again, yesterday at the meeting, echoing words of Ronald Reagan, one of my favorite presidents.


The trust, but verify front. Again, I, I thought Donald Trump is an unhinged lunatic. I i, this is what the left wants you to believe. He sounds very reaganesque here talking about, Hey, listen, I'm, I'm willing to negotiate with, with Russia. Hey guys, for the who, who in the chat, you guys have a 50 or above or 40 or above. Do you remember this? President, president called Ronald Reagan, double R. You do pretty popular guy won two massive elections. You think he negotiated with the Soviet Union at the time? No. No. Did you read a history book? Him negotiated with Gorbachev. How are you gonna get anything done if you're not talking to these people? If you can explain that to me like I'm a 12-year-old, I'd appreciate it.


Hey, we're gonna get, we're gonna get, here's what we need. We're gonna get to the end of the highway. Here's what we want from them, but we're not gonna drive there. Here's Ronald, here's Trump echoing the words of Ronald Reagan, that hey, I'm willing to negotiate with Putin, but we're gonna trust but verify. Listen to this. This is very important. Check this out. You know, it's trust and verify. Let's call it that. And, and I think we both can be that way. It's you have to verify. 'cause you never know what's gonna happen. I know, I know a lot of people that you would say no chance that they would ever deceive you. And they're the worst people in the world. I know others that you would guarantee they would deceive you. And you know what? They're a hundred percent honorable. So you never know what you're getting.


No, I have confidence that if we make a deal, it's gonna hold. I want, listen, I was two points in takeaways from this. Number one, Donald Trump understands that we need certain things from people. One of 'em are rare earth minerals. This deal in Ukraine over rare earth is a huge W for us. We need those rare earth folks. We cannot function as an advanced economy without them. You want 'em from China or you want 'em from Ukraine. He also knows Vladimir Putin does not want this deal. Why does Vladimir Putin folks in the chat not want us to do a business deal with Ukraine? I told you this yesterday, because some of these mines are in areas that Russia would like to get their hands on.


They're gonna have a really hard time taking these areas if we have an interest in the economic production of rare earths. Because I can guarantee you Donald Trump is gonna defend that. Do you get where I'm going with this? They, they, I have never seen a human being more underestimated in my life or political skills than President Trump ever. And I get it. You had lefties out there, folks in the swampy, right? That don't feel like Donald Trump. Oh, look at damn budget. No. President Trump and I have disagreed on a lot of issues, some on the show. He's not the type of guy who will you disagree with him. You are out of his inner circle. Obviously. He's the one who selected me as the deputy director of the FBI. You don't have to agree with the guy and everything.


I just ask that you go into it with a clear head and don't take the other approach either. This guy's crazy. How crazy is he? How crazy is a deal where we say, Ukraine, you got something? We need rare earth. We have something. You need weapons. Russia does not like this deal. We don't like that. Russia's keeping this war ongoing. I've got a bargaining chip against Putin, this rare earth deal in Ukraine and I'm gonna use it and then I'm gonna go to Putin. And Putin may say, well, you gotta deal with Ukraine. Well, we have rare earth too. Maybe we can do a deal with you. Good trade ladies and gentlemen. Makes good partners. It's really hard to go enter into World War III with a country you have a significant economic interest in.


It's one of the reasons China, by the way, I'm not telling you we're not gonna, I hope we don't. But it's one of the reasons China's gonna have to think twice about starting a conflict with us. They have trillions of dollars of US assets that would collapse if they start World War iii. I'm not telling you it's gonna stop 'em. I'm telling you it's gonna make 'em think twice. Trump is smarter than most of his critics. That's the irony of this whole thing. But they're not gonna get stepped on either. So I gave you a little bit of the honey up front where he does this thing where he dials the temperature down in front of people. He lets the United Kingdom press. See, we're not the enemy, but we're serious about our negotiations.


Brilliant little bit of this, little bit of that. You remember the old tune from tonight? Little bit of this, little bit of that's what he does and he does better than anyone. Here's JD Vance, our vice president who's letting Keir Stormer from the United Kingdom know that their ongoing attacks on free speech, which are serious folks, people showing up about online posts, that that's not gonna be accepted either. And Vice President Vance, and I'm sure they all these, he, president Trump knew exactly where Vice President Vance was gonna go with this. They made sure to get this in front of an international audience that that's not acceptable either. They are not gonna be stepped on either.


Check this out. We Do have a, of course, a special relationship with our friends in the UK and also with some of our European allies. But we also know that there have been infringements on free speech that actually affect not just the British, of course, what the British do in their own country is up to them, but also affect American technology companies and by extension American citizens. So that is something that we'll talk about today at lunch. That was not an accident. You see how Vice President Vance does it too. He starts with the honey. Hey, I know we have a special relationship, I get that, but we need to talk about this free speech item, which is a really, really big deal.


Producer Jim, where was free speech in the Bill of Rights? Was it like the sixth or seventh? I'm confused. I always forget Producer Jim says the first one, it's the first one. It's almost like the founding fathers. It's almost like they thought about that first Good job producer. Jim, I'm glad you had the copy of the Constitution on your desk, the first one. You don't have that, ladies and gentlemen, you don't have anything. And while I am still in the last few weeks of the show, I have a couple weeks left with you here. While I'm still in my political opinion business role, I would be remiss if I did not cover the endless litany of winning that keeps coming out out of this White House.


And my gosh, I dunno about you, but I'm enjoying every minute of it. Breaking yesterday from Nick sorter on Twitter, president Trump and Secretary Rubio secured the extradition of 29 top cartel leaders to Mex from Mexico to the United States for prosecution. Now, this means a lot to me folks. Raphael Carro Quintero who murdered a DEA agent was just flown into New York and handed over producer Jim told me that was the the Kiki Caina case, which I encourage you to look up. It's a very disturbing story, horrifying story, what happened. But if you toy with our agents or our military, you're gonna find out the hard way that we will never stop until we get you President Trump is as serious as a heart attack over this.


And this goes to show you again that all of the people out there here play that on VO. So we can all kind of celebrate this wonderful moment together. Here's some of the worst people in the world. Video of them being brought to the United States where we know now, regardless of a change in power or anything, that these people are not likely not gonna make it out of prison. I I don't mean make it outta prison, like they're gonna be dead. I mean, they will be locked up and not free to commit to their criminal enterprises. Again, this is the folks, the guy's only been in office, what we had six weeks. Now if, if it almost feels like dog years, and I mean as a compliment, does it not guys, it feels like he's been in office five, six years at this point.


Do you even have, by the way, one quick thing before I take a break. Have you ever seen a former president fall off the map as quickly as Joe Biden? Have you heard a word from this guy? I mean, I get they do the former president thing, but I It's almost like that the presidency never happened. I wish. Yeah. He said, I wish Justin folks Trump is about results. This is what he wants. He doesn't want talk. He wants do. He's telling Mexico this is what has to get done. Do it or this is gonna happen. He's not kidding. Don't mistake maximalist rhetoric. I hate the line. And you should too. Take Trump seriously, but not literally.


No, I promise. Take him literally sometimes. Or you are going to get your negotiating caboose kicked. There are times he is literally serious when he says tariffs. I mean, he means it. It's not an effective negotiating tool if you don't mean it. Quick break. And we're gonna get back to, gosh, the Alinsky principle here that they're using to just go after Elon Musk. 'cause they are so afraid of just turning over this rock and looking at what government's been doing. Your money. The Alinsky principle, I'm gonna show it to you because you, once you see it, you can never unsee it. And you'll see how it's in effect.


Now. The left is this is the, this is the hill they're gonna die on. They know this Elon effort to clean up government can't continue.


Hey, if you're a gun owner who thinks the battle's over because Donald Trump won, think again. The threats haven't disappeared. They merely evolve to help defend yourself and your loved ones. In today's world, you should stay informed about the latest strategies. That's where the US CCAs free expert led in-person training classes come in. Simply visit uscca.com/class to sign up for a class near you. I love classes all the time. You gotta keep your education going on in your training with over 50 options to choose from. You'll find the perfect fit. Some of their most popular classes include, should I Shoot, when you can use force, where you can learn what it's justified to protect yourself, your family, and your home and defense, shooting fundamentals and women's situational awareness and personal safety. As a responsible gun owner, you owe it to yourself and your family to receive training from some of the best in the country. Don't let your firearm become a liability instead of an asset. Listen, the expert instructors at the U scca are second to none. So don't hesitate. Go to u scca.com/class right now. Register for a free training class in your area. Empower yourself, prepare for the worst, and pray for the best. Sign up today at uscca.com/class.


Oh man, I can tell you, sorry guys, but every show I, you know, I keep saying this bittersweet thing, and if I'm overusing it, just say shut up and get back to the content. But I'm really gonna miss you guys a lot. This is, I so enjoy doing this and every single day, every second, now I watch that clock tick down every second. It's a pleasure to be here with you. You guys and ladies have been so supportive of us. So I'm sorry, I'm just gonna say it as often as I can because I really do love you guys. So the Solinsky rule number 13, listen, this was a leftist organizer Solinsky, but that doesn't make the rules.


He propagated wrong just because you, we disagreed with his politics. This, this is an effective target to really propagate our story rather than us story. I hate to say it, but to hurt someone. I don't mean physically, but narrative wise to damage and destroy someone. Rule 13, pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it. Cut off the support network, isolate the target from sympathy, go after people and not institutions. People hurt faster than institutions. Now I'm gonna play an interesting game here with you. It's not meant to mess around with your brain, but about 80% of the Democrat party is still scattershot and hasn't focused on a message.


There's about 20% of them. Lawmakers, lobbyists, opinion makers, hosts who have decided to focus on Elon Musk and the Doge because they realize that the left-wing governing model of big government will fall apart if people realize what's actually happening with their taxpayer dollars. So here's, I had to write this down at the end. I took a bunch of notes on today's sheet. So I always tell you that they media people and our ideological opponents out there, they have, they're playing this narrative game where they wanna tell you a story rather than the story. But here's the kicker. You can always tell it's a story rather than the story. When a story is different from a story they told you just before Donald Trump got in office.


So before Donald Trump got in office, we were told by the left that immigrants are fantastic. Illegal legal open borders are great. They may not have said it directly, but you know, that's what they were thinking. Anyone in the chat disagree. Immigration is a wonderful thing. Legal illegal, doesn't matter. Sanctuary cities even protect criminal illegals, which is insane. So this is a strange line of attack from Democrat rep Marcy Captor. So now Elon Musk, because he's an immigrant, is a bad guy. I, I'm a little confused. So now immigrants are bad. I'm a, my wife Paul is an immigrant because she's confused too.


We're trying to figure this out. Like this is how you know a story from this story. You doubt me Here, check this out yourself. Mr. Musk has just been here 22 years and he's a citizen of three countries. I always ask myself the question with the damage he's doing here, when push comes to shove, which country is he loyalty to? South Africa, Canada, or the United States? And he is only been a citizen. I'll say again, 22 years. I am, I'm not messing around with you folks when I say this. I don't understand what you're saying here. I thought your line of attack a few weeks ago was that immigrants were fantastic, legal, illegal Venezuelan gang members you were protecting.


Now Justin just said it. He's like, Dan, you missed it. It's successful Immigrants with multi-billion dollar, almost trillion dollar enterprises. Those are the best. They, what do I have this right? We got a few more for you. You're gonna see throughout the show. Okay, so new stories for today, new narratives. I guess immigrants are bad. Fascinating. I never knew that government shutdowns are good again. Really? Oh, and then the last one is, Elon supports apartheid. He, he does, I'm gonna tell you something.


Well, you know what, let me play it first. Joy. It's Joy Behar on the view. So you know, everybody kind of just like take it all with a grain of salt. I'm serious when I say this though. I'm not kidding around. She better be really careful with this. I mean, he's a public figure and all you have an actual malice standard, but this could result in litigation in a lawsuit. You better be damn sure. I think she came back later and tried to dial it back. But this is a really, really out there claim about Elon. But remember Alinsky's rule 13, isolate the target. Elon Musk's our guy. Train your fire on Elon Musk. Watch this And and Elon Musk kisses his butt and strokes his, his tiny ego or big ego, whatever it is.


And, and he doesn't get to do, he can take a nap while the guy was not born in this country who was born under apartheid in South Africa. So has that mentality going on. He was proa apartheid as I understand it. He was a naturalized citizen now, right? He's a naturalized citizen now. He's a naturalized citizen. Oh really? How did he do that? Did he come over the border? Illegal? He an H one bv. I he flew in. Yeah, he allegedly overstate that visa. But yeah, but I think this is just perfectly but wonderful for Trump. He's gonna take a nap and let this foreigner foreign agent, you know, right, an enemy of the United States do his job. You know, once in a while, GI just wait, don't be suing me, okay?


Oh, okay. Look, Cece's already worried about it. Gee just nailed it. Gee said Dan, if you are in the legal profession and you really wanna make money like you are a hustler and an entrepreneur, gee said, what do you think the best job is? And I was confused. I'm like, where's he going with this? He's like the view. He goes, can you imagine the billable hours over there? There's like, there's probably a 24 hour shift of people. There's like an eight to four, four to 12 midnight shift, 12 to eight. Then you got a training shift on the back end, like training to reinforce the guy. So if anyone goes down sick, can you imagine the billable hours outta the view? How many corrections did Sonny Halston have to issue on that show?


What was it? Was it like five or six? And it's just endless. Here's what's going on over there in my my opinion, having, you know, done a TV show and doing content creation here. Like they do. They just don't do their homework. They just don't do their homework. So they go in and they spout off and then the lawyer goes, where did you get that? I don't know. I saw it from a Twitter account. I hate Elon X or whatever. And I just repeated it. Why? Why did you do that? You gotta be careful man. You better bring receipts on your show. It's another reason I highly recommend the Dan Bongino rule, which is just wait a couple days before you draw a conclusion.


Talk about whatever you want. I'm not here to tell you what to talk about, but if you just let the facts come out, you're seeing him with this Gene Hackman case. Him and his wife and the dog died initially. Oh it was carbon monoxide. Why did we not report that yesterday as a fact? And I tell you that was just out there because right now a gas company's saying we don't have any problems and all of a sudden the local police department's like, well there may be some signs here that do causing us to investigate. Just wait. You wanna be effective in this business? Just report what you know. Hey, a famous Hollywood actor, gene Hackman, Crimson Tide, great movie, unforgiven best movie ever played.


Little Bill guy died with his wife. They were found by some guy working around the house with the dog. You don't have to get into all kinds of theories. I know it's crazy 'cause everybody wants to be first. But this is what happens with Elon is pro apartheid. Do you have any evidence of that at all? Here was the five yesterday, you know one of my favorite things to watch is Jesse Waters and Greg Gutfeld fighting back against Jessica Tarof. I love the five, I'm like obsessed with the show. It's one of the rare shows I will, I will make appointment viewing. This happened yesterday too. Check this out. I think is a positive sign for Democrats though, is there seems to be a bit of coalescing around a message that is resonating.


So Hakeem Jeffries gave a press conference today. He had up two signs and one of them says, Elon Musk is making $8 million a day in government contracts. The average Medicaid recipient gets $65 a day. And we know in the new spending bill that Speaker Johnson has put forward in that narrowly passed the house that you're gonna, why are you, this actually matters. You Said this was this great new message and I got Bored. You got bored the second I opened in my house. It doesn't work. But it, it does matter to say that somebody who is running the government in a serious capacity is and supposed to be rooting out waste, fraud and abuse is making $8 million a day and they wanna cut your Medicaid. Yes, Jessica, a hundred percent.


Elon is definitely doing this for the money. You guys know that. Elon's struggling a little bit. Hey folks, if he has a rumble channel, can you give him a tip and a tip here? Elon is definitely hurting for money. Last I checked, he's worth what? 400,000? No geese saying no million. No, not million. Oh, billion. Billion like with a B. They're not an Austin power million, no billion dollars. I am reasonably confident Elon Musk. He's gonna be okay Jess. He's gonna be okay. It's good to see I the gutfeld smirk. I can't get enough of. By the way, what you see him at the end, the smirk, he's like, it's a narrative.


It's just not working. But did you see how she gave away the whole thing? And it's fine. It's what they do. I guess it's not personal for me, but she says the Democrats are coalescing around a story. Ah, Solinsky rule 13. It's not working because guys, you are the media now. You are the media and you're gonna have to be the media while I'm away from you too. That's hard to say. Guys are gonna have to take that football and you're more than capable. It's a number of great hosts out there, especially on this challenge. Take that football to run with it.


Still laughing over. Gee, that's really, that's a great point. Gee, I should go to law school and just apply to be I man, right? And be the view guy. I never have to work again. Forget it. You'd be the billable OT hours on that network must be amazing. I wonder sometimes if they have, if the legal team has like a little like bat signal, like joy said something and then they just rush in like with the, with the little like bat legal car and they come in there. Joy, we gonna talk after the show again. Again. Gee said that they have permanent finger marks on their face from the face palms every single time. Oh man, that was good. Gee, once in a while you get a ringer in there.


I'm gonna miss that too. You're gonna have to call me down at the FBI I office one time and drop a a couple of ringers on me. Put a smile on my face Mo. I'm kidding. Obviously mo.com/bonino.


Hey, it said that four companies control over 80% of the U US meat industry reports. Say China now controls the largest portion of the U US port. They're using tactics. These companies crush American family farms and with additives they're putting in their food. Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can you do about it? Here's a company that came out swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and Europe. Family's food security, Mok, M-O-I-N-K. Mos Meat comes from animals raised outdoors. They deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised and harvested right here in the U SA. They recently sent me some, some the, their meat is absolutely fantastic. We've been eating it pretty much every night and you can really taste the difference in quality. The steak is amazing. It's really making a big difference in our meals. Everything just tastes incredible. Support American Family Farms. Join the MO movement today at mink box.com/bonino right now and get free wings for life with a deal to the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time. So spelled mo M-O-I-N-K mink box.com/bonino. That's mink box.com/bonino.


And our last sponsor today. Before I get back to some more, the this thing on the shutdowns are good again, folks apparently stay tuned. I thought they were bet bad. They're good again, if you're all windows and doors are rotting and rusting or they're warped and cracked and chi, they can be drafty and inefficient, which often leads to higher energy bills. Now's the time to replace your windows and doors With renewal by Anderson. You can conveniently get a free consultation. They have more five star reviews than other leading full service window placement companies and they can do it all for you. The homeowner with a no hassle process. Also renewal by Anderson offers limited fully transferable warranty coverage because they stand by the quality of their work for years to come. Right now renewal by Anderson's offering a free in-home consultation on quality, affordable windows and doors for no money down, no monthly payments and no interest for a year. That's Bino text Bonino to 2 0 0 dash 3 0 0 200 300 for a free consultation to save $379 off every window and $779 off every door. The savings won't last long. So text bonino my last name, B-O-N-G-I-N-O 2 0 0 dash 3 0 0. That's B-O-N-G-I-N-O to 200 dash 300. Texting privacy policy in terms and conditions posted at text plan, us texting enrolls for a recurring automated text marketing messages, messages and data rate supply. Reply, stop to opt out. Thank you. Renewal by Anderson, we appreciate it.


Okay, back to the show folks. Here's the hysteria again. They, they cannot have this doge looking at inefficiencies throughout the government. This is gonna be one of the things that's on my mind has been on my mind for a long time. There is absolutely no reason for the government to be operating on systems that were a big thing with the Commodore 64 in the seventies and eighties. Okay? Politico Doge is now dramatically raising the potential for a government shutdown. It it, this is fascinating. Now, the Democrats are using shutdowns as a leverage tool. We were told forever that a government shutdown was a disaster. People were gonna die, planes were gonna fall outta the sky, puppies were gonna die. Grandma was gonna be thrown off the cliff. People were gonna be passing out social security checks weren't gonna rub.


China was gonna evade 'cause the military wouldn't give it. We were told none of this, of course is actually true, but we were told government shutdowns were to be avoided at all costs. We're even told falsely that government shutdowns were the cause of a bond rating disaster. But if you actually read the port report, that is not what they said. So it's kind of bizarre to see the Democrats now take this different turn where now government shutdowns are good again. Again, this is the difference between us story and the story and the hallmark of us story is when a story changes repeatedly, the story never changes us. Story always does. Here's a federal employee, we played this before the show going through the rundown and we listened to it and all of us were like, really?


So you're working? You get an email. Just to be clear, it's not personal folks. You are working at a job in the federal government. You are working, this is what the lady says, gets this email from OPM and says, Hey listen, list five things you're doing while you are working. Why am I bringing that up? Because it should be really easy while you're doing things to just send an email, Hey, matter of fact, I'm doing it right now. But that's not how it's framed by this individual. Check this out. The Email that came out wanting us to justify our jobs with five things we did last week was on Saturday night. Yeah. And I was literally working on Saturday night to make up for all the distractions I had had the previous week, which came from the executive branch.


And so I'm working, trying to catch up on things and then I get that email on top of it. It's very hard to keep your train of thought when you're getting threatened and harassed like that. Threatened and harassed. It's an email requesting, you just list what you're doing. How difficult was this? Do you see the disparity in how the free market, private sector, small, medium, big businesses operate and the government, this is not unusual. Do you have any idea how many people get a quarterly, weekly review email or a meeting like that every week? Owen, what did you do? This is a loser of an argument. I don't know how many times you're gonna have to hear that.


And the AstroTurf effort to destroy Doge and a more efficient government paid for by our taxes. The AstroTurf effort is getting exposed. Speaker, Mike Johnson was on with Kaitlyn Collins last night talking about these town hall protests. Folks, I'm not telling you, everybody that shows up to protest against the Doge, everyone who shows up is a paid protester. I'm just telling you the left has a history of this and there's some evidence that a lot of this is being ginned up by left wing groups that have an agenda and the constituents are actually being drowned out who support this effort. Check this out. Do you have concerns that that's anything that, that Democrats will be able to use to, to run against those Republicans In midterm?


No, because the vi, no, I don't because the videos you saw, the town halls were for paid protestors in many of those places. These are Democrats who went to the events early and filled up the seats. If you had, if the videos had panned outside the Buildings, you can't argue they were, were all paid protesters though, Mr. Speaker, many of them are. What are your Republican Acknowledged? They were his constituents. One Republican acknowledged they were constituents. That's fantastic. Okay? But they, they had Democrats come and fill the seats early. All right? This is an old playbook that they, they pulled out and and ran and it made it look like that what is happening in Washington is unpopular. But I'm gonna tell you, Caitlyn, that the American people are behind What's happening, the Doge efforts is pulling over 80% right now. They want us to find deficiencies in the federal government.


They want the government to be smaller and leaner and more accountable to the taxpayers. And that's what these efforts are all about. That's what the Republican Party is about. That's what our commitment is to do to make government work better for the people. This is a restoration of common sense above everything else. And I think the American people are gonna remain in favor of what's happening here. O okay, I was just, those lawmakers do also represent Democrats. That doesn't mean they were paid to, to show up if they're upset about this. Okay, receipts in coming in a second, but standby. You notice what she does there? Kaitlyn Collins, speaker Johnson says there are paid protestors. She then changes the argument to what? Did you catch it?


I'll get it in the chat. She says, well, they're not all paper. That's not what he said. He did not say, every person there is a paid protestor. You're switching the argument. Are you gonna be a journalist or an opinion host? Because that's an opinion. He did not say that. Mostly unpaid protestors. Mostly unpaid, right? Mostly people. Now, if you ever wanna read an interesting take on this, how the Democrats and liberal groups advance a narrative, read the book, revolt Against the Masses by Fred Siegel. It's a fascinating book. I have no, I didn't publish it or anything. It's a great book. It's an older book. He talks about how the combination of media folks there, you saw that interest groups that pay people to do this stuff and congressional committees can advance an agenda and make it appear real like this is some kind of national groundswell for government waste and abuse.


Well, that's not the case. Put up the stuff. Here are the headlines first here you see how they, they settle on a message. Speaker M-S-N-B-C, speaker Mike Johnson, without evidence, of course, you gotta throw that in there. Whenever they say without evidence, by the way, it means what Justin? It's true. There's a significant amount of evidence, right? Pan's Town Hall critics is paid protestors. Here's the Hill Johnson claims town hall protestors called Paid by Democrats. It goes on daily. Bees Johnson tries to shrug off anti Doge town halls as the work of paid protestors. One more. Mike Johnson, independent claims, paid protestors are object Are are GOP town halls then backtracks when asked for proof, he did no such thing. And then we have this article in the Washington Beacon Red District Doge protests cited as proof of broad musk backlash.


Were organized by left-wing groups. They note, they note the George Soros funded groups indivisible and move on. Were at the center of the demonstrations. Both groups launched national quote mobilization efforts targeting the Trump Musk agenda and Trump Musk coup during the recess period. Again, this is called evidence. It's called receipts. This is what we do. I am not telling you, you know this how the truth, I'm not telling you everyone there is funded by a George SOS group. I'm not telling you that I however, am telling you that their story that oh, there, there this, this is all pure as the driven snow.


No one's there paid to be there is likely bs. Here's the good news folks. A lot of this is funded by a wing of the party obsessed with basically DEI funding. Funding for all kinds of initiatives overseas that are censorship driven and what the stuff driving all this. A lot of it is DEI and it is really, really taking it on the chin right now. We do, I bring this topic up a lot. You know, we cover a lot of economics, some cultural stuff, some foreign policy stuff. I bring this up a lot because what irks me most about DEI, and I think you guys understand this, I know you do, is it is racist on its face when you are hiring and firing and admitting people into colleges for a bunch of limited resource things like a college admission spot.


And you say to someone, well, we're gonna emphasize these traits, whatever it may be, L-G-B-T-Q-I-A-B-I-O-P-C, skin color, religion, whatever it may be, you are, it's zero sum. You are discriminating actively against someone else. This is not hard to figure out. And a lot of these companies are starting to figure out as cases start to percolate up to the Supreme Court one there right now, by the way, that they could face severe liability for this political court allows CIA to fire employees who worked on DEI that you telling me again, Donald Trump can't manage the branch.


The view makes a comeback here as well. See how the show all kind of ties in together. Sonny Hostin, queen of the Corrections, which on our fifth or sixth on that thing we played on the show weeks back, here's Sonny Hoan again making the case the kind of save DEI. But I want you to listen to the language and I'd like you to tell me how DEI isn't racist on its face. Tell me again, tell us like we're teenagers. Explain slowly. Use small words. Check this out. I don't want to rely upon the benevolence of an Elon Musk who grew up in, in apartheid South Africa. I don't want to rely on that. I want the opportunity, simply the opportunity to compete, just the opportunity to compete.


And that's what diversity, equity and inclusion programs are. And by the way, studies show that those companies that embrace diversity, equity, inclusion do better. They make more money. People are happier there. They're reflective of the country. And so anyone that isn't, in my opinion, supportive of diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, I think they either don't lack the facts or they don't care. Okay? I strongly encourage you to actually read up on that. The evidence she cites is nonsense. There are a, is a whole body of research on this that does not indicate that as well.


Folks, I, I'm not sure how you're gonna get a company to engage in widespread cohesion and esprit corps when people who don't meet certain criteria have to fight extra hard to get a promotion. That's not team building right there. That's team annihilating. Now, we gave you kind of in the beginning the Solinsky tactic where a limited portion of the de parties focused on, they are, they're focused on Elon and the Doge. But I'm gonna tell you something, the rest of the party has a real lack of a message. James Carville said the other day that when it comes to Donald Trump right now, some of the stuff he's doing, Carville's obviously a left wing kind of tactical messaging guru on the left for the Democrats.


He's been around forever. He has this theory of don't just stand there, do nothing. The Democrats can't figure this out and they're scattershot all over the place right now. Here's what I'm talking about, USA today. Consumers are boycotting major retailers a blackout February 28th, which last time I checked was today, folks, is this gonna be as effective as the Chick-fil-A boycott? Do you remember that? Do anyone in the chat? Remember the infamous left wing Chick-fil-A boycott? What is it? About 10, 15 years ago? The reason I remember it is, I don't know if I was running for office or what, but I was up in Frederick Maryland on the day that Chick-fil-A boycott was supposed to happen and the line to get a chicken sandwich was about four hours long.


This is going to completely backfire. Again, I highly recommend you go out and buy cod things today, go out and buy 'em, but I'll prove it to you again. When I used to work at Fox, there's a Chick-fil-A right across the street from Fox in the middle of liberal Manhattan, right? The line is around the corner every single day on boycott day, on non boycott day. It doesn't matter. It's up to us to show our economic power too. I highly recommend you go out and buy some stuff today. Here is a, a liberal on TikTok, very offended about that. Saying that the normal people, quote, the normal people should basically close up their wallets today. And what do damage to the economy and companies? Because we're not all supporting racist DEI policies.


This doesn't sound normal to me. Check this out. In case You haven't heard this. Coming Friday is a total economic blackout. The idea here is that we as normal people, we do have power and the power is through our dollars. So you spend $0 on Friday, February 28th. You don't go grocery shopping, you don't get gas, you don't buy anything on Amazon, you don't go to fast food, you don't go to Starbucks. You literally spend $0 this coming Friday for a full 24 hours. Again, this is Friday, February 28th, there's gonna be more of these, but this is the first major one. So I hope you'll be willing to participate because we do have power.


The power is through our wallets, Folks, we have power too. We have wallets. A lot of us work for a living too and have cash to spend this. Never would this backfires spectacularly nearly every single time they try this. I'm not here to give them political lessons on how to isolate and follow Alinsky's Rule 13. Some of them are figuring it out, nor do I want to, it's not my job. I'm just telling you this is not a message. What exactly are we boycotting? Again, normal people, guys, normal people, Democrats are in shambles.


Again, they, many of them cannot seem to focus on a single message here. Therefore, they're all over the place. Play Gavin Newsom. Did you see this one yesterday? Listen, Gav, the governor of California, I've had a podcast very successful with the number one live stream. Yesterday, yesterday, yesterday. Again, thank you very much for supporting the show in the final couple weeks here. We really appreciate it. You guys are the best. But Gavin Newsom, the radically far left governor of California is hellbent on launching a podcast right now. Let's see how he does in the liberal space and he's saying he's gonna invite his opponents on. Hey, that would be a good thing. If I was still wearing the public commentator hat and opinion, I'd go on the show.


I'd love to debate this guy, California versus the Florida model. I'll do it anytime. I gotta run De Santas clip coming up next too, to show you that. But check this out. We need to change the conversation and that's why I'm launching a new podcast and this is gonna be anything but the Ordinary Politician podcast. I'm gonna be talking to people directly that I disagree with as well as people I look up to. But more important than anything else, I'll be talking directly with you, the listener. Real conversations, what's going on with the cost of eggs? What are the impacts, real impacts to you around tariffs? What power does an executive order really have and what's really going on inside of Doge? Look, there's an onslaught of information that we take in.


So let's take it to the sources without the typical political mumbo jumble. In the first few weeks, we're gonna be sitting down with some of the biggest leaders and architects in the mega movement. This is Gavin Newsom, Harley glam girl in the chat. Run your state dude, right? I mean, imagine you're a California resident right now. You've got an illegal immigration crisis, a crime crisis, a government services crisis. You've got, you've had massive fires, wipe out significant portions of America, one of America's most powerful cities. You've got residents who are taxed to death. Businesses fleeing.


You've got your residents fleeing to Nevada and Texas. You've got a state overwhelmed with budget problems, bloat, bloated, government identity politics, and Gavin Newsom's launching a podcast. You have nothing else to do. Contrast that with the Governor of Florida. Ron DeSantis. Here's Ron DeSantis talking about the border crisis, substantive stuff. This is why these state models could not be any different. I had Byron Donalds on my radio show yesterday, he's now announced for governor. See who else jumps in the race there. But this, you wanna talk about a state that's really well run, moved to Florida and you'll see what I'm talking about.


The differences are profound. Check this out. When President Trump was running against Kamala Harris and they had a debate about the border, Harris said, because you know the border was what it was. There was a lot of legacy media that tried to act like it wasn't a big deal, but people saw what was happening. So it wasn't credible to say that, that it wasn't happening. So what Harris said was, well, we wanted an immigration bill and you guys helped tank it. That would've helped us con secure the border and, and then candidate Trump turned to her, say, you don't need a bill, just do it. So he became president and what happened? Did he need a bill to secure our country?


No, he just did it. And so you have a 94% drop in border crossings since January 20th and year over year. However you want to do it, that's remarkable. That shows what Biden Harris were saying was not true. They were selling you snake oil. You didn't need legislation. You just needed to determine president, Why are we playing that clip? Any idea? Fire it up in the chat. Any idea? What did I tell you before the election with the Biden Harris agenda on the border, the Immigration Nationality Act gave President Biden all the powers he needed at the time to exclude any class of aliens for any reason.


For as much of time as he needed, all you had to do was look at it. We put it on the screen a thousand times. He was acting like it didn't exist. So what happens? Donald Trump swears in, in January, becomes president, says, Hey, I used the INA before. Let's use it again and look what happens. The border we were told can't be fixed is fixed like overnight, just like we told you. Not gonna steal you wrong folks. Thanks again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. We have about 10 shows left with you over the course of the next two weeks. Hoping to get in the studio next week. It is done. The guys are training on the new equipment. I just want you to see it.


Put a lot of work into it. Avita and Hailey Caria will be working their shows from there. You can always check out rumble.com/avita to watch a Vita show. Haley will have that URL on Rumble up for you stat. She's gonna be the new 6:00 PM show. So we really appreciate your support there. Follow her on x Haley, she is, she's like five extra following I think since the Bonino crew got behind her. So we really appreciate it. I'll see you on the radio show here a little bit and back here on Monday at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.