
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey folks, sorry about the delay, but this is a really important show. We wanna make sure you get it right. Make Sure the kids absolutely critically right Today. What happened this weekend was obviously an apocalyptic global, cosmic catastrophic freaking security failure. And I'm really, really pissed off with some of the commentary on television. Oh, we don't want a Monday morning quarterback. Fuck that Monday morning quarterback Shit. This isn't a football game.


We're not talking about the Jets versus the giants. We're talking about the life of the former and potential next president and changing and altering the history of humankind as we know it by potentially losing the next former president and causing a civil crisis we haven't seen in decades. This isn't the time for bullshit or cutesy time. I know you've been waiting for the show all weekend. I've got a great show for you lined up. We're gonna go through this whole thing and this apple absolutely apocalyptic security scenario. Remember this, listen to me. An uneventful failure is never a success. And the fact that they didn't succeed in killing President Trump, there's nothing successful about this thing at all.


I'm gonna tell you what you're not hearing anywhere else from an insider. I'm gonna give you some breaking news. I think I'm breaking on the show, stuff I'm getting from sources, and then also some other big news. The VP may, may be announced today. Just bear with me. We're running a little bit late today, so I apologize.


Hey, with Coin woke, we get woke outta your wallet with a credit card that aligns your dollars with conservative values. Find them at coin, COIG n.com. Go to coin.com/disclosure for terms.


Today's show. Also brought to you by our friends at Omaha. Steaks You know I love him was a hot July 4th for me. As we relaxed out west for the first time in a while, we hiked, chilled out and we ate really well. So You know what we had. We added some Omaha steaks. But don't worry, even now that the holiday weekend is over, you can still take advantage of the hotter than fire sale@omahasteaks.com and get their gourmet packages starting at just $99. Use my code bonino to get an extra $10 off. You know I always say, Omaha steaks are the best steaks you'll ever have in your life. And I mean it. Not only is it quality what I look for in my proteins, but every purchase is backed by the unconditional money back guarantee. I rely on Omaha steaks to stay stocked and on track, use code Bonino to get an extra $10 off and experience what I'm talking about You know how strict I am I with my diet when I'm home or working on the road. Use code Bonino for an extra $10 off today and see what I mean.


I have one additional sponsor here as well. Hey, you work hard to support your family and yourself. It may seem as though you're taking a step back every month instead of moving forward. When the bills are higher than what you bring every, every month, you have to swipe that credit card to cover the difference. It's no good and the debt just keeps piling up. But if you own a home, my friends at American Financing can help you break free from that cycle. American Financing is saving people just like you an average of $854 a month. Think about what you could do with an extra $800 every month and not having to worry about those minimum monthly payments. And even better, it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. All it takes is a quick call to American Financing. If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today and starts your journey towards being credit card debt free. You wanna be debt free from those credit cards. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. American Financing dot net. American Financing dot net.


All right, gee, let's get this party started. So, hey, we having problems with the sound? No. Okay, good. I'm getting suber. Okay, just, yeah, just refresh. There's still, I'm still getting some no sound on that. So if you're reading the chat here, You know. Okay, good. Alright, so guys, let's get into this. What happened this weekend? I, I spoke to President Trump this morning. He is, I'm telling you, in unbelievably good spirits, he's a warrior. I think I let him know on your behalf. I told him we have a really large MAGA crowd out there that listens to our show. And I said to him, you're all proud of him. I said to him, you've got You know nerves, man.


You got balls of steel. I didn't know any other way to say it. And I'm telling you, he's in good spirits. I have some breaking news about this catastrophe that happened this weekend. 'cause that's what it was. Number one I have from sources are that very few people who were at that event who were posts standers, who were, were security personnel, very few were actual secret service agents. This is just a really stunning development. I want you to think about what I just said. The guy would probably the highest threat level on planet Earth up there with the Pope Obama, people with incredible name id. Everybody's gonna recognize who have big security footprints. We were out there with very, very few secret service post standards.


Many of 'em, what we used to call back in the day, OTAs, other treasury agents, they wound up being outsourced security personnel from other agencies. Not that these aren't good people, but folks, are we serious? We don't have secret service agents protecting the secret services. Probably at this point, most, most threatened Protectee. That is absolutely insane. I'm not sure you heard that I said it anywhere else. I, I, I think I spoke about a little bit on Jesse's show last night. But here's another thing I'm hearing from sources that this subject, they heard, they had been monitoring him since he came in around that, that external perimeter area, the subject, who was the shooter? They lost track of him apparently, and he was hiding in a building about 300 yards away.


Folks, if they had this subject in their, on their, say, their radar, that you had a potential threat, I think the questions right now are fairly obvious. Why was President Trump even on stage at that point? He should have not been on stage. It's ridiculous. I mean, if You know you're in a situation with a potential threat out there, just delay the event for a little bit. I mean, listen, we've gotta talk candidly about this stuff. Again, I don't wanna hear about Monday morning quarterbacking anything. This isn't a freaking football game, man. This is the life of the President of the United States. This isn't a joke. I saw some guy online talking about how, oh, people make mistakes. We don't get to make mistakes. What are you talking about?


Make mistakes. This is the secret service. There's no opportunity for mistakes. Do you remember what the IRA said, the Irish Republican Army, when they said with the Margaret Thatcher, when they missed her with the bomb plot, they said, you guys gotta be lucky every day. We only have to be lucky once we don't have the opportunity to make mistakes. This is an absolutely apocalyptic security failure. I warned you about exactly this need. I remind many of you about episode 27 9, which was back in August of 2023. Keith, throw that up on the screen. This is, look at this. I want you to go back and do me a favor and listen to this episode.


There it is, Speeding Towards, Assassination. Look at the date, folks. August 31st, 2023. I mean, what I was told back then that the security around Donald Trump was not meeting the threat level, I warned back then. I mean, they couldn't listen. This was public information. people weren feeding this to me. And then when we said it, by the way, me and Tucker, these assholes in the media like this, NBC guy, Dan Arkin, wrote pieces like this in NBC News calling me and Tucker Conspiracy theorists put that headline up there.


Conspiracy theorists saying that we were suggesting without evidence that there was a threat of a Trump assassination. You know what the evidence was. Asshole Dan Arkin You know what the evidence was. Secret service personnel who wanted to blow the whistle on the fact that the security was not meeting the threat level of Donald Trump. That was the evidence. He could have called and asked about that. But instead, he had to write an asshole piece. Let's cut through all the bullshit now and walk through this frame by frame and talk about what happened. And I promise you, you're not gonna get this perspective of anyone else 'cause nowhere else I know no one else I know on the radio actually did this for a living. It's not a knock on them, it's just true.


Let's go to this NTD news. This is by the way, I believe the, the definitive perspective of what happened this past weekend when we almost lost President Trump. Okay? I'm gonna walk through it and I'm gonna stop this at various points. Gee, put the NTD news video up on the screen. Let's talk about questions first. Like where was the perimeter surveillance? And let's watch what happened. We'll watch about a minute of it. I know you may have seen this before, but I'm gonna reference it multiple times. So check this out. Okay, so obviously he's talking, he goes around the ducks, the body people cover maximum to the protectee. They're following the rules here.


Maximum to the protectee, minimum to the problem. This is a different video you probably haven't seen, but you'll see there's obviously some chaos. People start to hear gunshots. They realize what's going on right now. The secret service are covering the body, which is the right thing to do. You see these guys coming on stage right now. Those are additional shift agents. You're also gonna see two guys in black uniforms. They got the black BDU Ninja suits on. Okay? I want you to listen to what's happening here. Okay? You see them on stage covering, looking for additional threats. 'cause remember, they don't know the threat's been neutralized. There may be more. Okay? So that's the count. The CAT team, the counter assault team. So you see them up on stage.


Now you get that as not one of our guys. That's a local SWAT guy, the CAT team, the counter assault team is a two man element. So that's a third guy. Why are there balloons on the screen? What is that? Okay, now they're picking him up. He's not a light guy, and they're getting ready to evacuate him. And now the iconic image, president Trump, who's had enough of his bullshit and these people messing on and trying to kill him and blow his head off. You're gonna see front, okay, let's stop here. Okay, I'm gonna refer back to that video often. So a couple of things right there. The mission of the shift around the president, the shift around the president. You have, you have two different sets of security personnel from the Secret Service. Okay? You have a shift.


Consider the shift the body guys. Okay? I'm not gonna say how many there are. You could probably count and do the math yourself, but I feel no need to put that out there. The people who responded to the president or the body people, they're the ones who covered him. They did what they were supposed to do. Cover and evacuate is the rule. Cover the president and evacuate. They were putting them behind that bunting on the stage, which appears to be armor, making sure that there was no threat right in front of them. They waited for the cat team. You'll hear them say, if you listen to that video very closely, Hawkeyes on the stage or Hawkeys here. Hawkeyes. You You know it's out there. It's their code names. So they were up there. It's not like classified or anything like that. You can hear it, but that's who they're talking about right there up on the stage. Okay? So they're waiting for that team.


They're then looking to see if there's any other threats. He gets up and then they evac him. Let's talk about some stuff though that happened and what led up to this, and then we'll reference that often. Okay? Where was the perimeter surveillance folks? We have a white building in the middle of the day. We have a sniper on the building at 130 yards. 130 yards is a rookie shot. A 9-year-old kid from Missouri with a 22 could take out a squirrel at that distance, probably no problem. Probably without a scope. There is absolutely no way that the Secret Service should be putting out public statements indicating right now that that wasn't their responsibility, brother. Everything is your responsibility, okay? Keeping the president alive is your responsibility.


If a rookie sniper at 130 yards can come within a millimeter of taking out the potential future president of the United States, then let me tell you something, that's your freaking responsibility. Where was the perimeter surveillance team and how did they miss this thing? How did they miss it? He was on a white roof in the middle of the day. There's absolutely no excuse for them to have missed this thing. None. Zero. I told you in the beginning, they had been in the beginning of the show. I think it's breaking here from a source. They had been tracking this guy from the minute he approached the event, they lost him. Why was President Trump even on the stage? Does anybody have an explanation for that?


Here's TMZ video from TMZ. Well, I just said TMZ video. I want you to listen to the response of the crowd. How did security personnel on the ground, how is it that the crowd was acting as their surveillance team and picked out the threat And? they missed it. Can anybody explain this? These aren't even trade security personnel. They're just rally goers. They're the ones telling you, you got a guy on a roof getting ready to kill someone. Check this out, Joey.


I hope he's turning this way. Be careful, guys. Shot Oh. no. God yes. What the fuck is going on, dad? We're set. Set. Fucking fucking dude. That's exactly why we need fucking Trump here. Oh, fucking secret service. Don't fuck around.


Holy shit. Yeah, they're undercover. That's him Guys. We have specific secret service security personnel and law enforcement personnel who were dedicated to a surveillance function to veil people. How is it that this was missed? I don't understand. The guys on the roof. We got the crowd calling this guy out. Where was the aerial surveillance? Where were the drones? Where was this forward looking infrared? Where was the thermal imagery? Are you really suggesting to me the Secret Service and their spokesman, this guy googly Emmy, that this is the best technology you have where a guy can creep up on the president from 130 yards away and get within a millimeter of popping his head open like a freaking watermelon.


Are you kidding me? Is this a joke? It gets even worse. The BBC interviewed this guy and this guy's saying that it was pointed out to multiple people on the ground. How did this not make it back to the Secret Service room that makes an executive decision to say, Hey, we're gonna keep him off stage for a few minutes while we mitigate this potential threat. How was he allowed on stage? Why is no one asking this question? Why was he allowed on stage with a potential deadly threat sitting out there just outside the perimeter, but within the zone we should have been securing? Listen to this BBC interview. Again. It's about 30 seconds of it, and this guy clearly says multiple people saw this guy where was so question number one.


So I keep everybody focused. I'm sorry. I'm, I've been so excited to do this show for all the wrong reasons. I wish I didn't have to. Where was the perimeter surveillance team? How did they miss this? Check this out. Someone Who was here, you weren't inside the event. Nope. But you were just outside. Tell us what you saw. Yes, and so, so we had a party here all day at the, you can see behind us at the, at the Brink's Farm and Greenhouse here. We had a party and we all decided, hey, you know when, when we hear Trump up there, we're gonna walk up through the field, stand by the trees up there under the shade. Yep. And watch the, and listen to the rally, right? We couldn't see 'em, but we could hear 'em. so we walked up and probably five to seven minutes of Trump speaking.


I'm estimating here. I have no idea. You know, but I, we noticed the guy crawling arm You know bear crawling up the roof of the building beside us 50 50 feet away from us. So we're standing there, You know. We're pointing. We're pointing at the guy crawling up the roof. And he had a gun, right? He had a rifle. A rifle. We could clearly see him with a rifle. Absolutely. We're pointing at him. The police are down there, running around on the ground. We're like, Hey man, there's guy on the roof with a rifle. And the police were like, huh? What? you know, like, like they didn't know what was going on. You know. We're like, Hey, right here on the roof. We can see him from right here. We see him.


You know he's, he's crawling. Where is the perimeter surveillance team? Hey, audio good. Hear me? I, yeah, I'm getting feedback in my ear. There we go. Where's the perimeter surveillance team? How did they miss that? Folks? We shouldn't be relying on people in the crowd who were there for an event to act as a perimeter surveillance team. I want everyone to stay focused because there's gonna, and I don't mean that in a kind of a, a jerk way, please, You know that I'm not trying to be an asshole. But we have congressional hearings coming up on this and this is a huge deal, okay? We have to stay focused with the questions, not just outrage about what happened. I'm outraged. You're outraged. We almost lost our guy. Okay? I get it. But outrage isn't gonna solve the problem. I'm not suggesting you don't get pissed off.


I'm just suggesting we channel it into something productive. If we don't have questions that can get answered, then I've got news for you. This is gonna happen again. Where was the perimeter surveillance team? Second, I wanna see the aerial surveillance plan. Why was there no surveillance from the sky? Are you telling me you couldn't have went to Amazon and got a $200 drone off Amazon and figured out that there was a guy on the roof? How did we miss a guy on the freaking roof in the middle of the day? He wasn't in a fucking Gilly suit hiding in the woods, folks. He wasn't sitting there in a ninja suit at night, covered up with dirt. He was in broad daylight. Where was the aerial surveillance plan?


Drones, spotters. How did the spotters miss this guy? Where was the helicopter assets? Where was the forward looking infrared? Where were the thermals? Folks, this stuff works during the day. You ever see that movie predator where they fake all the thermal imagery? Where was the thermal imagery? This is the best technology you have. A guy can walk up onto the roof with a freaking ladder. I want you to listen to this FBI press conference. Listen, I have zero faith in the management of the FBI, okay? But it's in the FBI's best interest to conduct a thorough investigation and get to the bottom of it. 'cause it doesn't reflect poorly on them. It's gonna reflect poorly on 'em if they screw it up. This reflects poorly on the Secret Service.


Watch this reporter, ask the FBI representative and spokesman the exact same question. Hey, how the hell this guy get on roof? Where was the aerial surveillance plan? You better not tell me you didn't have one. Someone better get under oath and explain what the hell. This aerial surveillance plan, along with the perimeter surveillance, which we addressed first, was check this out from What you've been briefed on, it sounds like law enforcement only knew he was up there until shots were fired. Is that what you're hearing? So that that is the assessment at this time that So Are you surprised that a sniper was able to fire off a handful of shots at the former president?


I mean, Again, we're still still working through the security apparatus that the Secret Service had in place. What potentially happened that there's gonna be a long investigation into exactly what took place and how the individual's able to get access to the location from What you've been briefed on. It sounds like law enforcement. Nobody has any answers. Listen, I I don't wanna call into account this guy's integrity from the FBI be irresponsible. I don't know him. I've never met him. I will call into account Christopher Ray and others for screwing us over. but I'm telling you, they have zero interest right now in making the secret service look good. The FBI, I'm not suggesting they're doing this for any other reason.


I, I'm not impugning anyone's motives. I don't wanna be an asshole for stuff. You know. We don't even know what happened. The investigation just started. So until this guy proves me wrong, I'm gonna assume he's gonna try to do the right thing and find out what happened. But he seems genuinely perplexed like you and I do. How the hell this guy get on the damn roof? He's not even a security guy. He's a, he's an investigator. It's a different function. Where was the aerial surveillance plan? Question one. Where was the perimeter surveillance plan? Question two. Where's the a aerial surveillance plan? I'm gonna take a quick break. My last one and I'm gonna get back to the third question. Do You know what protective intelligence is? Well, I'll tell you, that's my job. Protective intelligence is intelligence work you do on threat assessments.


Before we go to a location, if the president's gonna go to Butler County, Pennsylvania or wherever he is, there's a protective intelligence squad in that office that goes out and looks at any threats in the area. Was there a file on this guy? How'd we miss it? Folks? You don't find it odd that we're spying on Americans with metadata and FIA files and 7 0 2 and all this other bullshit. And we seem to miss every freaking threat. Every freaking threat we seem to miss. So why are we spying on America? We shouldn't be spying on Americans. Anyway. Holy Moses. Quick


break. Birch gold. Hey, if you weren't following the news, a big hit to the US dollar just came when the Saudis didn't renew the petro dollar deal they've had with the US since 1974. Saudi Arabia sold oil in US dollars largely and was huge to our, it was huge to our global economic dominance. Now they want options other than the dollar. So I ask you if there's less demand for the dollar, what happens to the US dollar? Look, if you, I buy, this is one of the reasons I buy gold from Birch Gold and have many times B-I-R-C-H. They're a valuable resource for you as well. For over 20 years, Birch Gold Group has helped tens of thousands of Americans protect their savings by converting an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. To learn more text, Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your free no obligation info kit on Gold Birch Gold earned my trust with their education first approach. There are thousands of happy customers and their countless five star reviews. Protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply


and our last sponsor today,


Blackout Coffee. I may have had way too many cups of Blackout Coffee today. I love Blackout Coffee. It's delicious. Cinnamon French toast is my favorite, although the dark chocolate is pretty outstanding too. Paula's here, or she likes the blueberry crumble. They're an active supporter, hardworking Americans. They love the Constitution, they love this country. But most importantly, they're capitalists. 'cause we love economic freedom too. And that means what? They're gonna produce the best darn coffee with the best customer service out there. John, who runs the company, is a really amazing guy. I love blackout. I have a few cups of it a day. Really enjoy it. Bold coffee, taste, never bitter. It's absolutely delicious. I'm proud to endorse 'em. So do me a favor. The folks at Blackout will ship within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino and see what I'm talking about. They're the real deal. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order, make the switch to Blackout Coffee, you're gonna thank me. It's really good stuff. Check it out. Thanks Blackout Coffee.


Okay, back this show. 200,000 people. Holy Moses, imagine what would've happened. Sorry about the technical pho. We could have been at two 50, but this is great. 200,000 people monitor to be with. Where was the protective intelligence file? I want you all to take a timeout from whatever you're doing right now. Put your phone down, put your computer down. If you're driving, drive the car. Don't get hurt, folks, you realize we have this extensive network of surveillance that entraps Americans, this 7 0 2 2 surveillance, it's metadata. We have big metadata files, we have all this stuff. We should not be spying on Americans, period. I'm a civil libertarian in that respect, period. You get me? But don't you find it a little bit offensive that they are spying on Americans and they're spying on Americans and they're still actually missing threats to America, which this young man who shot at the president and future President would've changed the course of American history if he would've killed him and we still missed it.


Here's Kim Cheadle. This is a short one. This is about 10%. The disgrace, director of the Secret Service who should resign immediately. Here is Kim Cheadle on a, B, C, remarkably not that long ago saying, You know what? There's really no credible threat threats. How do we keep missing this stuff? Check this out. Threats out there right now. So there's nothing specific and nothing credible out there right now, but we are tracking all threat streams and we certainly work with our partners at the FBI and other intelligence agencies that supply that information to us. So you're working with the FBI, they have access to this enormous file and all this stuff. And again, we miss this folks. I'm not saying that this should be an excuse to spy on Americans.


I hope you understand that. I'm saying, I'm saying actually quite the opposite. I'm saying we shouldn't be spying on Americans because even though we do and we shouldn't, we still never find the bad guys. so we might as well at least respect the civil liberties of Americans and not do dumb shit yet. Is this not hitting anyone? It's kind of weird. We have this massive global surveillance network and yet we keep missing the threat on Kavanaugh, the threat on Donald Trump. Everybody keeps slipping through the cracks. The two busy spying on Moms for Liberty and school board parents and things like that. So question three, was there a protective intelligence file on this individual?


They're saying there wasn't. Okay, how did we miss it? What's the point of doing all this then, if we're gonna keep missing the big threats? Here's number four. The one I think a lot of you have been thinking about the Counter Sniper team. I'm trying to get a hold from sources about how many Secret Service counter sniper teams are on the ground. What I'm hearing right now is there were maybe two and one local team, I'm not sure right now, and I I don't care to speculate if those guys, the sniper, counter sniper team that took out the shooter, I'm not sure if those guys were secret service or local. Regardless. Regardless, the rules of engagement are the same. And there is a lot of nonsense going on right now about what the rules of engagement are.


Some people put out online that the Secret Service counter snipers are not allowed to shoot until the sniper shoots first. Ladies and gentlemen, that is total bullshit. Let me explain to you from the inside the rules of engagement. The rules of engagement for a Secret service uniform division officer. 'cause agents, I don know if you know this, but there are no agents on the Counter Sniper team. It's uniform division, okay? The rules of engagement are the exact same for any other police officer in the Secret Service or agent. If you see the risk of a serious physical injury or death, you can take action to stop the threat with your firearm. Does everybody understand that? So if you're sitting on a roof and we know you're not a police asset and you have a gun and you're scoped in on the president or future president of the United States, Donald Trump, is it not reasonably assumed at that point that you're intending to cause death or a serious physical injury?


Yes. The sniper did not need permission to shoot. Now, some of you may ask fairly enough, why was the delay? Why was there a delay in taking the shot? All I can tell you is what I'm hearing from sources. This is, oh, I, I'm just putting it out there for you because this information needs to get out there from whistleblower type sources. Okay? I'm hearing that the crest of the roof was blocking the line of sight And. they couldn't get a clear shot, which is may if you look at the scene, kind of maybe makes sense. However, the guy shouldn't have been up there in the first place, number one.


And he had to also get his barrel over the crest of the roof to make sure that the round made it past the roof and made it to the, made it to President Trump. So that's what I'm hearing from my sources. I want you to see this view from behind the stage though, and you can see and hear how long it took to engage this. This attacker, once he started shooting, check this out, Happened to our country, probably 20 million people And. you know that's a little bit old. That chart, that chart's a couple of months old and if you wanna really see something to said, take a look at what happened, Good time. Get down down aaa.


So I don't know if you saw that view before, but you'll see there's a latency period between when the attacker engages and the counter sniper team takes him out. Folks, there's no time for that. The guy was on a white roof. Again, I don't think you've heard this anywhere else. I'm hearing from sources that the reason there was a delay is there was a line of sight issue from the counter sniper team back to, they didn't think they'd be able to hit him until he showed his face again. So you take it for what it's worth, I'm here to give you information so we can make an informed decision. But question four, why did the counter sniper team fail to spot the the shooter? That question stands no matter what. Forget leaving the latency period behind this.


Why it took so long to engage him. Why was he there in the first place? The CS team's job is to counter snipers. There's a spotter there that's supposed to spot these threats. Now, when he got on the roof, people weren pointing him out and what we would call a counters sniper response team was responding to the threat because remember the counters sniper guy on the roof. You may go up there and you may have a painter up there painting the roof. You don't wanna shoot the guy and kill him. So what they'll do typically, now this guy had a gun, it's different. But say it was a threat and it was ambiguous and we didn't know what the guy was doing on the roof, okay, say he's up there with a paintbrush, okay? They have a response team to go up and investigate. Hey bro, what are you doing up here?


I'm hearing that this counters sniper response team actually was making their way up onto the roof when the guy was shot and the counters sniper response team may have been flagged too. We'll see if that You know if, if, if that's confirmed. But these are pretty reliable sources. This is what's even more bothersome. Gee, skip to the, he's got a gun, he's very chaotic scene. There were multiple people out there who pointed out in advance that this guy had a gun that was on the roof. Here is another piece of video. Listen, very chaotic. Check it out. You hear it? Listen, wait, stop. Gee, can you restart that? Okay, good.


Listen. Now listen for the gunshot folks. This isn't even close. This guy should have been the, the crowd saw them before. The counter sniper response to response team and the spotter. Why did the counter sniper team fail to spot the threat? Remember, isn't time for Monday morning quarterback and I can't say enough. It's not a damn football game. Brothers and sisters, the freaking life of the country and the future president. Now I want you to watch the video of the sniper team engaging.


Now we're gonna address the rules of engagement again. 'cause again, the ton of misinformation out there is really starting to pollute the dialogue going on. They don't need permission to take out a threat. You know what, when you're watching this, I'll put it up in a second. I'm gonna give you a very easy example. Most of You know a police officer in your life. Ask him a simple question. They roll up on a 9 1 1 call. There's a guy's got his girlfriend, he's got a 38 and a gun to her head with his finger on the trigger. Does the guy need to shoot the girlfriend before the police officer can engage? No. Why? Because there's a threat of serious physical injury or death that the police officer is legally entitled to stop given use of force guidelines that are pretty consistent around the country and enforce across federal law enforcement because he's a counter sniper on a protective detail, means it doesn't mean anything.


He, the same rules of engagement apply. Watch the video now and you'll see the latency period from him responding. Check this out And. you Know that Listen for the shot. That chart's a couple of months old. And if you want to really see something that said, take a look at what happened, said, take a look at what happened Folks. You see what happened there? Now I think I've explained to you when you haven't heard this anywhere else, and you know it's probably at this point until we can confirm everything, but I'm pretty confident in my sources the reason that latency period happened was again, a line of sight issue.


They couldn't get a clear shot on him. So you're hearing a lot of stuff out there, but I'm pretty confident that's the truth. This is important though. He should not have been up there in the first place. I'm not making excuses for anybody. I'm not interested in You know sitting here and providing air cover for anyone. I'm only here interested in telling you the truth. That is probably the explanation for what happened. Folks, I wanna get to a couple of these too because the media has been absolutely disgusting. Keep your eyes on the FBI investigation going forward. I don't trust the management, but I trust that the guys on the ground are gonna try to do the right thing.


But listen, the media coverage of this has been important. However much you can't stand these people, you, you, it's I promise you it's not enough. You probably shouldn't be able to stand them even more. Here's the first one. Here's Martha Ratt on a b, c, magically trying to blame Donald Trump trying to turn this around and make this an anti-Trump story. Check this out. President Trump and his supporters have, have contributed to this violent rhetoric as well. Well, a absolutely, George. We were just looking back this morning at some of the things that former President Trump has said. He warned last march of potential death and destruction if you were charged by the Manhattan District Attorney.


Our country is being destroyed as they tell us to be peaceful. Trump in January, warned of bedlam in the country, if the criminal charges against him succeeded. And of course in March he said, now if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole, that's going to be the least of it. It's going to be a bloodbath for the country. That will be the least of it. He said he was partly joking and that that was taken out of context. But those are indeed his words and you have heard it from supporters as well. And supporters are certainly in some parts angry and, and let's remember January 6th in so many ways for the campaign. January 6th will probably be in the background after yesterday's event.


This is a very difficult time for this campaign. I'm sure this week in Milwaukee that President Trump will highlight this and President Biden is gonna have to figure out how to go forward with his campaign and what exactly they say. Folks, however much you can't stand these people, it's not enough. President Trump came within a millimeter of having his head explode like a watermelon on national television by some lunatic who tried to shoot him with a rifle from 130 yards away during a massive government security failure and a lawfare operation against him. And this is the best these garbage filth people in the media can do is try to turn it around and spin it to blame Donald Trump and mention January 6th, where by the way, he said to go March peacefully and patriotically.


Are you on meth? Did you, did you do a couple lines before you went on the air? Are you freaking people crazy folks, please, I'm asking you power through. Ignore these people, move forward, get this guy elected. We're gonna clean this mess up. And it's fortunately it gets even worse. Ski, let's skip to Wolf Blitzer. Here's Wolf Blitzer on CNN doing what he pretends is journalism. Really questioning You know. Was Donald Trump like a shot in the ear here? Like how did this is your journalism not maybe getting to the bottom of why you calling him a fascist and a Nazi aven spot may have inspired some lunatic? 'cause I actually wait for facts to fire on Donald Trump and potentially kill him. You're not worried about that. You're worried about other stuff.


Check this out. Now, if someone is shot with a bullet that pierces the upper part of your right ear, wouldn't that bullet also continue on to someone's skull and create much more da, much more dangerous situation? So that's a great question Wolf and And. you know what the intent of a shooter with a rifle in an attempted assassination is to get that bullet to go into the head and across Really? I mean, we're what? What are we questioning the veracity of Donald Trump's statements that he was shot in the air. Does it really matter if he was shot, a piece of his ear was shot off or it hit a teleprompter and a piece of glass sharded his ear off?


Does it really matter if a glass shard You know hit his ear? Does it really make a difference? Is this is what Colin journalism or is this dip Shittery folks? These people are enemies of the truth. They always have been. They're not even remotely interested in getting to the bottom of what's going on here. Okay? I'm telling you, ignore them. Power through. We've got a VP pick coming later today, folks, this is an important day. We have Judge Eileen Cannon, just scrap this disastrous Jack Smith tyranny. We've got too much to worry about than these idiots. I'm only putting this out there to just, again, make the point to some people who are still on the fence that if you're watching this show You know the truth. If you're watching that bullshit, you're questioning right now, was President Trump shot?


Did he do it to himself? Did he incentivize an attack on himself? Yes. Yes he did. He asked people to go out and sassy assassinate fucking morons. Here's another one. Here's CNN's Jamie Gangel. This is the most disgraceful one. You guys ready for this? This is a, this is an atrocity here. Is Jamie GLE attacking Trump after he is shot in the ear and nearly killed for getting up and telling people to fight back? Oh yeah, the strong objection, Jamie Gle. Very good. I'm glad you guys nailed this one. Check this out. I do wanna Say, there was one thing that when I watched the tape, I found odd because of all of the heated rhetoric, and that is that after he was hit, former President Trump got up and said, fight, fight, fight.


I think what we're hearing from people is that's not the message that we wanna be sending right now. We wanna tamp it down. Yeah, I would just know one thing on this to kind of, to that point, They wanna tamp it down. The guy was nearly shot any mother head and you want him to tamp it down, dude, seriously, are you doing lines before you get on the air? What the fuck is wrong with Yout?


It? They almost killed them. This is your media, by the way. Remember this gem from Nicole Wallace? Nicole Wallace from M-S-N-B-C, Nicole Wallace, who, who magically said that that I mean it. This is, this is really, this is Merlin like thinking that Yeah, the threat of violence is definitely a conservative thing. Really it is. Have you watched any of this? The Steve Scalise shooting the Kavanaugh thing, Trump having his head nearly blown off on national television Hat tip Mayes Moore for picking out this one from the past. Check this out. The permission structure for violence. You, you've got polls about political violence.


Democrats don't think is a good idea. Only republicans, only people inclined to consume conservative media are now, I think upward of 50% say that if necessary violence is okay, you've only got the conduct on one of the two sides. This woman should be, listen, I I'm I I shouldn't even say it because I I'm not even gonna say we, you, you know what I was getting? You have her on the air at MSNC. She's go, we don't give a shit. Have her on the air. She's entirely indicative of the insanity of your network. This woman should go on the air and apologize tomorrow for this abject stupidity, but she won't. Her and Morning schmo apparently in a little bit of a crisis with M-S-N-B-C now anyway, I guess they don't trust what they're gonna say.


Folks. The Democrats are sadly and have been through BLM Antifa and their street thugs for a long time. The Party of Violence. This show has resolutely completely every single day. Every show condemned political violence. Have we not? We have done it all the time. Go back and look. We always ha we always have and we always will once we cross the political violence red line, there is no turning back and I'll be no part of it ever that has been consistent because I mean it, it's not fucking virtue signal, man. It's the real deal. Once we crossed that line, there's no going back and I'll take no part in it. I didn't dedicate my life trying to prevent Democrat and Republic presidents from getting hurt or killed to come on the radio on my podcast and, and do the exact opposite.


Not happening. It's not morally or ethically in my backbone or a single strand of my DNA. These people, however, are full of shit. They have always incentivized violence against this guy. Threat to democracy. Fascist. He's Hitler. What would you do if you knew you could take out Hitler? Yeah. Now You know why we got crazies. Thank you, Anita. 250,000 people. Holy shit. How the hell do we have 250,000 people? Well, there are even 250,000 people who, who watch stuff on. This is crazy. We filled up like four or five football stadiums. Yeah, the world is listening right now.


I wanna show you something else. How sick these Democrats are. You know Congressman Benny Thompson, and I use that term loosely. Congressman Benny Thompson, who was the head of the January 6th tyranny committee. Remember when he wanted to pull secret service protection from President Trump? I told you why, right? They wanted to throw him in the clink in jail with no secret service protection to ensure he got hurt or killed. Oh, you don't believe me, that happened. Gee, receipts, please, Gee's gonna be the, the master of all receipts. Mississippi free press representative Benny Thompson wants to ban secret service protection for imprisoned presidents. Really the one you are trying to imprison because you wanted him hurt or killed. That's why. Jack, I want to go back to the video of the assassination attempt too, because I don't want to leave you with any open questions.


I want this to be the definitive account with a number of people on the inside starting to blow the whistle on what happened. I wanna run through it one last time in the beginning, and I wanna just hit these points and questions because folks, if we don't get answers to these questions, I'm telling you as your friend, your brother here, that this is gonna happen. Again, I'm, I'm not name dropping, but again, I spoke to President Trump this morning. I hate when people do that. And he is in absolutely incredible spirits. I know Brett Bear said that on the air he spoke to him. Mark Levin spoke to him. It's not a joke. He is. He, he is. I I've never, it's the craziest thing. He was almost killed and I've never seen him so excited to change the country for the better. It's, it's the, it's the craziest thing.


Let's go back, play the video again in the beginning. I just wanna go over these questions one last time from the shot until the, yeah, the NTD video did the evacuation thing. Okay, so we talking, he looks at, you'll see he looks out to the right, thankfully, take a look at what happened, guy scoping in on him right now. That's where the round, you'll see the cover and evacuate. Okay? That's what they're supposed to do. Cover the president and evacuate. You then see the counter assault team, a two man element come up on stage. They're doing what they're supposed to do. Provide cover for the protectee. Remember? What's that? The tractor there. The tractor there. It's probably some, they're probably using it for some kind of high ground or something. I dunno may just be a visual element. But you'll see the cat team. Now, the cat team's job, the SWAT team is to stay behind and fight, okay?


If there's another threat, you see what they're looking, that counter assault team, they're doing the right thing. They're scanning the crowd. Watch. When they go on stage, they're looking for another threat. You see what they're doing? They're looking to say, is there another threat in the crowd? Because remember, if the Secret Service sees another threat from the crowd and someone, god forbid, starts shooting with a 45 or a nine millimeter from the crowd, the Secret service has to get the, the president outta there. The cat team is gonna be the ones that stay behind. so we don't stay there and fight. Okay? That's not our job. The cat team's job is to stay there and fight. That obviously is a local element. You see right there now that he's, he's obviously pretty heavy, so they're trying to get him up. I mean, he's a big guy, president Trump, you ever seen him? He's a really big ester trying to get him up. He loses his shoe. They're covering the body as best they can. He's a really tall guy, which probably means we should get bigger guys on that detail, right?


So they then evacuate later. But again, the questions stand at this point. Where the hell was the perimeter surveillance team? How did they not see this guy? It's an open event here. Like this agent, they're, they're not big enough. They're, they're, I'm sorry, but the female agent's not big enough to be on the details. There's just no way. She, she can't cover his face. I mean, he's still exposed right here. So get him off the stage. Move him, get him out of there. Why was he there? Why was he even on the stage in the first place? Where was the perimeter surveillance team? Where was the aerial surveillance plan? Was there a protective intelligence file? Why are some of the agents clearly smaller than the president? If you're gonna be a a bullet magnet, then you better be at least his size or bigger.


Why did the counter sniper team fail to spot the threat? What took so long to engage? Was it a line of sight issue? What were they doing up there? And again, why was there only a two man counter assault team? This guy needs a full counter assault team of Secret Service train protectees. I've got some ideas tomorrow on how to fix the Secret Service. If you wanna get a preview, it's on my social media today. 266,000 people. Holy Moses, man, I know we don't even have, this is like a nuclear explosion. Folks, I love you. Stay tuned for radio coming up again here on Rumble dot com slash bonino. And just a note I've got, well, he said he'd do it, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna just say it.


Should I say, I'm just gonna say it. He said he would do it. so we got a prime time special tomorrow, 7:00 PM Eastern Time, Eastern 6:00 PM local here in Central Time. We'll be back here on Rumble and my guest is going to be the great Tucker Carlson. So we'll be back here for the pod ed radio. Sorry about the technical hiccup. My team's doing the best they can. Chris, come say hello from Rumble. I wanna introduce you one, I said my, one of my best friends did my smartest tech guy in the business. We are there, you're saying, can see you waved it right there at the camera. This is Chris from Rumble. Folks, how's it going everyone? He's the CEOI love this guy. Record 2 68, 260 8,000 people. We be 300,000 if we Keep going and And, you know what, we have Rumble Cloud, so we didn't even have to You know.


Now we got Rumble Cloud. We're Running on everything on our infrastructure right now. This is all on Rumble. We're not closer You guys. Sorry, we're running everything on Rumble, right? Yeah, we're running everything on our, on our infrastructure right now. It's all on Rumble Tech. We're not using any of the big tech stuff. This is, this is all run by Rumble, which is a, a big, big accomplishment. I love this guy. He's the best. This is the CEO Rumble. Follow him on X, follow him on truth. This is the future attack right here in the parallel economy. A lot of us can speak freely, me included 'cause of this cat. Chris, thanks for everything. I'll see you on the radio show in a little bit. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.