
Well, good morning, you're back on. VINCE, thanks for being here. If you're watching live, it's Rumble dot com slash VINCE. If you're getting it on a podcast, thank you for that. You can join us in the live stream anytime you want. That's 10:00 AM eastern every weekday. Rumble dot com slash VINCE, join the chat. Hello, chat. Good to see everybody, people sharing the new emoji of my dog major. Thank you for that. Major's looking good there. He's not in the room right now, but should he show up? Well, he'll make an appearance on the major cam. Great to have you guys here as always. We've got a big week ahead of us. It's holy week. I should point out for the, for the Christians among us, a happy, blessed holy Week to you. I, I got a chance this weekend. It was, I'm Catholic, so we had Palm Sunday mass this weekend and I was, I read at my church, which I enjoy doing, and they asked me to read as the narrator for the passion this weekend.


And on Sunday morning for whatever reason, I just, I decided I was gonna do a deltoid workout, just worked the shoulders. So I was working the shoulders like crazy on my jacked up fitness machine. And then by the time we get to church on Sunday, I've gotta process in carrying the gospel with, with the priest and the altar servers. And what I didn't realize is that they weren't taking a straight shot from the back of the church to the altar this weekend. Instead, they took this meandering tour all the way through the church. It was a big procession that just kept going. And I just, I just do what I'm told. I just follow the, the guys in front of me. Well, I realized, and you're supposed to hold the gospel up as you're walking. I realized about halfway through, I was like, man, that shoulder work got absolutely crushed me.


And So I, the, the gospel starts lowering. I'm like, not today. Not today. You gotta keep that bad boy up. My wife, of course, is watching all of this from the pew and was just laughing thinking, I think that shoulder work I got to him today anyway, made my way to the altar. It was an awesome mass. What an honor to be a part of that. That was really great. I hope you're having a very, again, blessed holy week for those who observe it. And great as always to have you with us today. I've got a really big show ahead, ahead. Today, we're gonna dive into these documents of these terrorists and would be terrorists who continue to commit attacks on the United States. I've got details that you probably haven't seen yet. I'm gonna share those with you coming up.


Also, we'll take a close look at some of the lies the press has been telling this weekend about the president's tariff operation, the president, trying to clarify all of that. I'll help clarify all of that coming up. We've got a a lot to get to on that front. Also, the Trump administration has been declassifying crossfire, hurricane documents that have never been seen before. That was the Trump Russia collusion hooks, the FBI's releasing everything. Reporter Jerry Dunlevy with just the news is going to join us coming up later in the program and he'll give us the breakdown of everything he's learned so far. There's some genuinely new revelations here that haven't been heard before. We'll talk about 'em all ahead on VINCE, before we get there.


Gotta thank our sponsors.


You know, tariffs have thrown the global economy into some chaos. Potential widespread inflation tied to massive supply chain disruptions has been weighing very heavily on all of us. But there's a silver lining that a lot of people missed, most people missed. President Trump specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from those sweeping tariffs. While these new policies are triggering significant financial chaos, the administration preserved your ability to diversify into precious metals. If you're concerned about your savings, have a free consultation with Birch Gold precious metals specialist. The first step is to text my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Receive your free no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or a 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket. It is, is it finally time for you to diversify? Birch Gold has an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. So text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to claim your free info kit right now. Data and message rates apply.


All right, so here's a, this is, this weekend we had a, a number of, of attacks that took place, what would be attacks? And one that definitely took place against the, the Governor of Pennsylvania, governor Josh Shapiro. I wanna get into that and who this attacker is and what his motivations may have been. But I, I wanna start with what should have probably been much bigger news coming outta the weekend. There was legacy media who did offer some tepi coverage of this, but it, it is really worth exploring quite a bit. Another young man who was dedicated to attempting to assassinate President Trump and if he could pull it off, vice President JD Vance that's right, is a 17-year-old from Wisconsin by the name of Nikita Casap authorities say, who is already charged in the deaths of his mother and his father killing them earlier this year.


His stepfather, his mother and his stepfather killing them earlier this year, all part of a bigger plan to assassinate the President of the United States. I wanna start with just a clip here. This, this is a media clip explaining some of the basics. Definitely not all of them. Take a look at this. Cut one. Here we go. Denied 17-year-old Nikita Casp already charged with the chilling double murder of his Wisconsin parents. Now in the FBI's crosshairs for investigators believe plotting to kill President Donald Trump. According to newly unsealed federal court documents, this FBI affidavit saying, authorities found in the teen's phone a manifesto calling for the assassination of the president of the United States in order to ferment a political revolution and promote white supremacy along with materials linking him to a neo-Nazi extremist group.


Investigators writing cas up in messages with someone said he planned to use a drone in the attack that would drop a bomb with nuts, bolts, needles, and then flee to Ukraine. The affidavit stating CASP had paid for at least in part a drone and explosives and was communicating with someone with a Ukrainian number. It did not say where or when. He allegedly planned to target the president. This after, back in late February, local authorities during a welfare check found the teen's parents shot to death in the family home. The affidavit saying the couple had been dead for roughly two weeks, and Casp living in the home with their bodies then fleeing before he was arrested in Kansas, investigators writing the killing of his parents appeared to be an effort to obtain the financial means and autonomy necessary to carry out his plan.


Yeah, to carry out his plan. So he kills his parents, allegedly in February, murders them in cold blood and then takes their, takes their belongings. That would be their money, their identification, the guns, the car, and begins to drive halfway across the country. They say with the family dog. We haven't really gotten much update on what happened to the dog, but he was traveling and, and, and getting away. And what ends up happening is the stepfather's mother, the grandmother is trying to reach her family. She can't reach anybody and eventually, you know, makes a, a call to authorities to do a wellness check, to check up on the family, to see, hey, hey, is everything okay?


When cops arrive at the house, they determine, no, everything's not okay. They go through the garage and that's when they begin discovering the bodies of the dead parents. The kid gone, the car gone, the money gone, the dog gone. And so they put out a bulletin saying that the vehicle's been stolen and they're able to very quickly at that point, put it out so that authorities are able to see the kid stop him in the street. And that's when they take him into custody. Since then, they've learned a lot that this was all part of a bigger plan, apparently, to assassinate the president of the United States. And that's where I wanna direct your attention to the, to the affidavit itself.


So inside of the affidavit is a lot of fascinating information. You heard that NBC report a moment ago saying that the guy was in communication with others. Others that's kind of nondescript. Let me be more descriptive. He was in touch with people from the Russia, Ukraine region, apparently specifically someone who had a Ukrainian cell phone number who was communicating with him and help helping him to orchestrate his would be assassination attempt against the president of the United States. Donald Trump. Lemme go now let me let show you some of this, this affidavit. So here on page five, they say that there was a search of, of his cell phones.


And on the cell phones, they were able to find, find material related to something called the order of nine angles. The order of nine angles, otherwise known as oh nine a. The order of nine angles is a satanic organization known for accelerationism. Accelerationism is essentially a radical ideology that various groups have, which is we need to plummet society into chaos. There is no fixing current society. We need to accelerate directly into revolution. We need to basically make things as chaotic as humanly possible to burn it all down. That's what they're into.


That's what this guy is into. And it's a satanic group, the order of nine angles that he's affiliated with, and yes, he's affiliated with white supremacy. And, and as you go down this affidavit, what you're learning is that these guys see President Trump as an impediment to their goals. They want to destroy President Trump. They want to get rid of him. They say in this document that, that their politicians in America are Jewish controlled, that President Trump is Jewish controlled, therefore, the entire system needs to be taken down. This is the deranged thinking that's animating this guy. Additionally, on page seven of this affidavit, there's a, a conversation he's having with a guy with the Ukrainian number.


And in it they discuss how Russia is going to get the blame for the assassination attempt. Look at this. What country do you think will get the blame for this unknown? Russia will be blamed for it. This is the goal. It says this is the goal. This is directly from the affidavit from the FBI affidavit saying that the, the point of all of this chaos is to try and induce more anger at Russia, presumably right here in the United States of America. Additionally, on page eight, they say that Trump's assassination is intended to save the white race from Jewish controlled politicians right here that he called for the assassination of the president in order to ferment a political revolution in the United States and say quote, save the white race from Jewish controlled politicians.


The document goes on to show images of Adolf Hitler with text referring to hailing Hitler hail the white race, hail victory. It says, and then it, there's excerpts here that further emphasize that they say the Jews control all of the white countries. They insist and then they go on to say that Trump getting rid of him and perhaps Vice President Harris is guaranteed to deliver the chaos that they want. And it will further bring into the public the idea that assassination is in accelerating the collapse are possible things to do. Now remember what we talked about last week. What is the broader left's view on the subject of assassination right now? Well, quite unfortunately, a survey at the beginning of last week done in partnership with Rutgers University, determined that 55% of American leftists people who consider themselves on the center left or beyond to the more radical left think that a political assassination of President Trump would be excusable, would be justifiable.


Nearly half of all people in the same category think that a political assassination of Elon Musk would again be justifiable. Things are getting really crazy. And this guy genuinely wanted to carry out that, that that cruel act of assassination for the purpose of bringing the system down, for bringing the system down. That was the goal. Further, the affidavit here found that the, the means by which this guy was intending to do it was the use of a drone FBI personnel performing a preliminary review saw an image with information on how to utilize a drone as an attack drone.


The information contained directions on how to extend the range of the attack drone by using repeater drones in ways to avoid detection, such as making a drone from a kit rather than a commercial off the shelf brand. The instructions provided directions on how to use a small dropper from the drone itself to drop an explosive or a Molotov cocktail or a very strong topical poison. Additionally, to avoid detection, the instructions advised to not bring a cell phone. They didn't want this guy getting caught as they encouraged him over and over and over again. The FBI performing the review, saw a telegram message with, with a guy who, I can't, I can't even pronounce whatever this is who writes in relic and has a Ukrainian mobile telephone number in the conversation.


The suspect, the accelerationist suspect here said, how long will I need to hide before I will be moved to Ukraine? One to two months question mark. You see here he was planning on trying assassinating President Trump and possibly JD Vance and then getting moved to Ukraine is the assumption he was operating under. Also, I probably should brush up on my Russian because I can understand just fine, but speaking is harder, he says, so while in Ukraine I'll be able to get a normal job, he's asking for assurances here and have a normal life, even if it's, even when it's found out I did it. And then hauntingly, he also refers to 10 other people, 10 other people.


So the other 10 people also have similar beliefs to I or are they different? This is a reference to his belief that 10 other people will also simultaneously be com committing chaotic terror attacks, presumably in the United States. So that's his, those are his questions about that. And then finally, the FBII, on page 13 of this document says that he had already begun to get his plans underway. They say he wrote a manifesto calling for the assassination of the president. He was in touch with other parties about his plan to kill the president. That would be the Ukrainian cell phone number, and to overthrow the government of the United States.


And he paid for at least in part a drone and explosives to be used as a weapon of mass destruction to commit an attack. The killing of his parents appeared to be a part of an effort to obtain the financial means and the autonomy necessary to carry out his plan. Other parties with whom Cassa was in contact appeared to have been aware of his plan and actions and to have provided assistance to Casa in carrying them out. Alright, so that, that, that's the, the affidavit right now, that's what we know from the affidavit from the FBI about this 17 year old's operations kills his parents, steals the money is in communications with the Ukrainian cell phone number, is planning on assassinating the president of the United States through some sort of drone attack, which let me emphasize for a moment, this is, you've heard Dan Bonino talk about this in the past.


I've talked about this extensively. The drone vulnerability portion is something that the government has been very concerned about and as, as is probably evident by now, the Trump administration has done a lot to try and up armor the security perimeter around the president to prevent those very types of attacks. It's the kind of thing that keeps security professionals up at night, that kind of 3D space drone attack that could take place. And remember ahead of inauguration day, you remember that big Chinese owned drone company, DJI, what they did, remember, DI is the largest manufacturer of drones in the United States of commercially available drones.


And they're not in the United States, they sell in the United States, but they're made in China. And those drones had previously been restricted from flying into restricted US airspace. So if you put one of those drones up in the air, you wouldn't be able to fly them into restricted US airspace before the inauguration, but just ahead of the inauguration as it was arriving. And as China, of course, was angry about President Trump's return to the Oval Office, and we can see why they might be angry about that now as he actually takes it to them and tries to rebalance global trade around the US priorities and not China priorities ahead of the inauguration. They got rid of all of those restrictions on DJI drones.


So the most commercially sold drone in the United States, the Chinese built DJI drones could now fly into restricted airspace. And the only thing that the user would get would be a warning saying, well, you're now flying in restricted US airspace. And so if you're a law abiding citizen, if you're the kind of person who's like, well, I don't wanna do that, well the warning would serve its purpose because you would turn the thing around. But if you are looking to commit a crime with one of those drones, or to menace, say even an airplane as it's taking off or landing or try to commit an a terror attack of some kind, you think the warning that says, Hey, you're about to break US law is gonna preclude you from doing that. Well, hell no. By definition, criminals don't care what the laws are.


They just seek to commit their, their violent acts, their illegal acts. So this is, this is a really important component to that. The, the, the fact that this, this guy, this 17-year-old was being urged to use a drone to commit this type of attack. It is good that the feds caught him. It's, you know, I it's insanity. But also it's yet another sign that we have some very dangerous ideologies right here in the United States that are animating people to attempt to do or perhaps even do in some cases very violent things. And this is not, I should point out the first time we've seen a Trump assassination attempt linked to somebody in Ukraine.


We saw it with Ryan Ruth. We saw it with the guy who was camped outside of the golf course in Florida, right on the perimeter, who was looking to gun down President Trump as he came by in, in a round of golf. Luckily a Secret service agent seeing him, although amazingly, the Secret Service agent opened fire and the reports indicate that he missed from very close range over and over and over again. I still don't feel like we have any good, good answers as to why that occurred. The guy gets away eventually, thanks to a good Samaritan nearby who saw the license plate and the getaway vehicle. Cops were able to stop the guy, take him into custody. And we found out since then, he's a full blown Ukrainian act. He was trying to obtain weapons from Ukraine to attack President Trump.


So how is it that Ukraine keeps getting lumped in to subsequent Trump assassination attempts? That's probably worth more exploration in a moment. I wanna take a look at another guy who committed a terror attack this weekend, this time successfully. So on the governor of Pennsylvania, the emerging details about that guy, what might have motivated him, and how again, the left has really breathed life into some very dangerous characters in the United States. And it doesn't look like it's stopping anytime soon. More on that in just a moment as VINCE continues.


Hey, did you know that fast growing trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States? Thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees, they've got you covered. Order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Look, I'm telling you, fast growing trees has already improved my property. I've got a beautiful new red bud tree. We've just planted it. It's gorgeous, it's already growing, it's happy, it's healthy. These trees are the best and you should get one this spring. They've got the best deals for your yard, up to half off select plants and other deals and listeners to this show, viewers to this show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout and that was the perfect time to plan. Offer is valid for a limited time, terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for all the details.


All right, how's the, how's the chat feeling today? How's everybody feeling in the, in the Rumble Rumble dot com slash VINCE live chat today? It is, it is wild. What we're seeing here, just these guys, these, these attackers continue to wage violence against the United States. All these lefties completely outta control. A lot of American flags showing up, feeling great, says Mr. Hanky the talking poo. Kmart, feeling great? Feeling good, sir? Great. Woo woo. A lot of good reactions coming in. I'm telling you. I know, I know you know this by now. This is the best damn audience in all of media. It really is unreal.


Thank you guys. Woohoo. Great. Woo woo woo. Lots of pictures of major, lots of American flags. Makes me feel good on a Monday. American flags of major. Okay, so we have, we have a guy who's trying to lead an attack on Trump. Luckily, authorities get ahold of him. Now we have another attack to look at this weekend. There was an attack on the governor's mansion, the Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro. Josh Shapiro is a Jewish man. His family was observing the Passover this weekend. And in the midst of these observances, they're, they, they go to bed for the night and a man is able to breach the perimeter of the property, smash his way into the governor's mansion, and then throw at least two Molotov cocktails filled with gasoline Heineken bottles filled with gasoline inside of the residence.


And let me, I want to, I wanna take you through some of the audio here first, some of the video here, here is Governor Josh Shapiro, giving us a brief yesterday Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro on some of the basics of what he knew in those early hours. Take a look, Lori and I are overwhelmed by the prayers and the messages of support that we've received from all across Pennsylvania and all across the United States. We've heard from our fellow governors and first spouses, we've heard from several of the former governors of Pennsylvania heard from so many friends and loved ones.


And we've heard from so many caring citizens of this great commonwealth. I want you all to know that your prayers lift us up. And in this moment of darkness, we are choosing to see light. And we appreciate the light that you have shined upon us. Outpourings of concern and support for Governor Shapiro. In light of the fact that his whole whole family was in there, his wife and his kids, as the house was on fire, luckily state police, which who protect the governor of Pennsylvania, were able to get into the, into the house and begin banging on the doors to alert the family to get out in the midst of the fire.


And you know, this is, lemme I wanna show you, that's just some of the photos here of the damage. If I could take a look here. This is just pictures of the immense damage from this attack. You're looking here, it looks like the dining room, there's still decorations up apparently from the Passover celebration that they were having. This is what they refer to as the piano room. Just, just a genuinely horrific fire attack. Yeah. And here you have a little sign says Passover crafts, help yourself to some kid friendly Passover crafts. So they had a party at the, the governor's mansion that earlier the, the, the day before to mark the Passover.


And you had this really, really grotesque attack. Okay? So here's what we know. The guy's a 38-year-old man, a 38-year-old man, they say, who is, was arrested in the attack here now his name is Cody Balmer. And according to social media posts that are already available to take a look at, you know, you know how this happens. Like internet sleuths inter instantly start looking for these, these guys bad ombre on, on x posted that he's a Harrisburg man accused of attempting to burn down the Pennsylvania governor's mansion.


He referred to himself as a registered socialist. Look here. He says, I'm a registered socialist. This is a, somebody four years ago, so presumably this would've been in the wake of the 2020 election. He's saying I'm a registered socialist. So I had gotten about 27 mail-in ballots. He claims I got to vote for everyone twice and vote none of the above in person, plus casting a vote for my favorite cartoonists. Okay, so whatever that means, 27 mail-in ballots. I'd like, like a little bit more, more, some more answers on that particular thing. But beyond that, he refers to himself as a registered socialist. And he says he rejects both political parties, but that's another way of saying that he's a radical leftist, a radical leftist who just staged a very violent attack on the governor of Pennsylvania and, and used Molotov cocktails to do it.


Now this is where the affidavit comes into play. I wanna, I wanna share that with you because I think this is very relevant here. What's, what's inside this affidavit? Here we go. Take a look. Here is the affidavit. They say Pennsylvania State Police this weekend, yesterday were advised of a fire that occurred at the governor's residence. They, they learned that numerous security cameras had captured footage depicting an individual forcing entry into the residence and intentionally igniting the fire. Governor Josh Shapiro and First Lady Lori Shapiro were inside the residence at the time, as well as some additional guests and staff members. Video footage was obtained from the security cameras.


And what they found was that Cody Balmer, the suspect, was observed climbing over an exterior perimeter fence. The defendant was observed wearing a black snap-on jacket, black boots, and carrying a bag. The defendant approached the piano room windows on the south side of the governor's residence. Think of this, the, so you have state police protecting the mansion. Nobody sees this guy. He jumps the fence, he comes up to the piano room of the mansion and then he broke an exterior window. He then threw an incendiary device into the residence through the broken window. And then after, after he threw the device, flames were observed on the interior of the residence. Now that would be the, presumably the Heineken bottle filled with gasoline.


The defendant then moved to an adjacent window and again, broke the glass. The defendant proceeded through the broken window and then entered the residence. This guy got into the building once inside, the defendant deployed a secondary incendiary device in the dining room, resulting in additional areas of the resident catching fire, and then approached the dining room exit. Additional footage captured by surveillance cameras at this location made it apparent that the defendant was wearing two different colored gloves. One orange, one yellow. He kicked the dining room door open and then exited the residence. He was observed leaving the property the same direction that he had entered. So then they continue a, a subsequent investigation here.


And then talk about the way that he left. They, he had gloves he disposed of in a trash can. They found the gloves that had they smelled of gasoline during the investigation. They said the cops in Harrisburg were contacted by a female who said that her ex-boyfriend, Cody Balmer, was the individual responsible for the attack, was the individual responsible. So this then subsequently, he goes and turns himself into state troopers. And then he says he was responsible for the fire. In the midst of this, he admitted to harboring hatred towards Governor Shapiro. He explained that he took gasoline out of a lawnmower, pour it into Heineken bottles, and then walked for an hour from his own residence to the governor's residence.


With the intention of conducting this attack. He knew it was likely that there will be people inside of the home. He also admitted that had he encountered Governor Shapiro, he would've beaten him with a hammer. He said with the hammer that he used to break the window. Balmar also advised that after leaving the governor's residence, he returned to his own home where he removed his clothing, warned during the commission of the these attacks. And so, so there you go. So these are the details here from, from this guy, which is that he had a hatred for Governor Josh Shapiro. He is referred to himself as a registered socialist on social media. He had Molotov cocktails with him that he used to attack the governor's mansion.


And I should also point out that he has previously posted to social media that pictures of Molotov cocktails in a favorable way. These are not, as I go through everything here, as I go through these, these multiple assassins or would be assassins arsonists terrorists, what I'm describing is not a conservative Christian American with moderate sensibilities who's looking to restore order to the country. These are agents of chaos. These are people who are looking to bring about the collapse of our system and looking to use very violent means to do it. So again, as you hear the media characterizations of all of this, this going, coming out of the weekend, I have to tell you, I think it's always so much more worthwhile to dig into the details.


And here we are staring at the affidavits of two suspects committing two very violent attacks. One of them was full-blown Satanist looking to kill President Trump in the service of attacking so-called Jewish controlled politicians. And then separately on the very same weekend, you've got a guy who, a, a registered socialist who just attacked a Jewish governor in the midst of the Passover because he said he hated Governor Josh Shapiro. Presumably we'll find out, hopefully more about this guy's demented motives very soon. But just again, whatever the motives here, the left has been breathing life into this type of violence and justifying it.


So the point that unfortunately, majorities of the left now believe that political assassinations are a legitimate redress, a little legitimate way to redress their grievances. And we've reached, we've reached absurd, absurd levels. Alright, hold on. I've got a, I've got a great guest coming up in just a moment. I wanna talk about some new crossfire, hurricane revelations, brand new information, talk about a show that just exposes what's inside of documents. We're gonna do that coming up in just a moment. And then I also wanna talk about the president's tariffs 'cause a lot of sort of media manipulation of the tariff story this week, this weekend that deserves to be completely untangled. I'm gonna do it coming up in just a second.


Hey, first I gotta tell you about my, my fitness journey and I think you should join me on it. I'd love for you to join me on it. With the Maha movement in full force, I have been inspired to make my own health and fitness total priority. And this is why I'm very excited to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness, which is, which is an amazing American company. Their commercial grade Power Rack Pro has everything that you need to get a full body workout from home. The cable crossover system, the integrated 200 pound weight stacks, and a Smith machine allowing you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym. My wife and I have always been into fitness. In fact in recent years, my wife a lot more. And with our busy schedules, it's been very hard. It's a lot harder than ever, in fact to get out to the gym. And also the gym is just super inconvenient. In my case, I was going to kind of one of those like like kind of, what do you call 'em? Like kind of entry level. Like you can go to any of our gyms situation. The problem is, none of the gyms individually had exactly what I needed for each individual workout. So I was going all, all over town to get to the right equipment. I don't have to do that anymore. Having that incredible all-in-one Power Rack Pro right here in my home, it's been a total game changer for my family. And we also love the Get Jacked Up program that has full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You just press play, that's all you do. And then you follow along. It's great, especially if you're just getting started. So listen, I have been doing this. You should join me on this journey. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, just save 10%. Save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, this is gonna be epic. Go to get jacked up.com.


Also, one more for you, one more great sponsor to share with you making all these programs free. Thank you for that. I wanna thank Beam Beam. You know, one thing that obviously conservatives believe in is self-reliance. Taking responsibility for your own wellness and your family and your future. And when it came to my sleep, if I wasn't getting enough of it, when I felt it was off, I felt like I couldn't show up as my best self. And this is why I'm very excited that I have something in my life called Beams Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America, run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. Dream is a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients shown to help improve sleep. So you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made up with all of those powerful all-natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, melatonin, and plus. Honestly, dream just tastes great. It is great. You just make yourself a cup of dream before you sleep. Here's the deal. Beam is giving my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 40% off. You can try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show, use the code VINCE show at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show. Use the code VINCE show for up to 40% off support an American company. Invest in yourself and start getting your best sleep tonight. You really should. Thank you to to Beam for that.


All right, let's see. Hey, I, I, so I'm, I'm, today's a big document day. We're doing a lot of documents for you today, which is really critical. One other D document story that I, I wanna dwell on for a moment is that the FBI has just produced under Cash Patel and Dan Bonino. Dan Bonino has just produced a massive trove of never before seen information about the Trump Russia collusion hoax, how it all got started, who were the key players in the background, who are the people who were saying, what are we doing? This is crazy. For more on all of this, I wanna bring in my next guest. Jerry Dunleavy is here. He is an excellent reporter with just the news.


He's been in the game for a while, man. He's very good at what he does. Jerry Dunlevy is on the show. Hello Jerry. Good to have you with us sir. Good to be here, VINCE, It's nice, nice to talk to you here on the video chat. Hey, you've been digging in here. Let's just start with the basics. Why are these documents just emerging now? That is a great question VINCE. So part of the problem here is that President Trump sought to declassify a lot of these records near the end of his presidency, his first term back in January of 2021. And he was thwarted by his own justice department and FBI at the last minute.


So that effort to declassify this, these crossfire hurricane records was, was blocked by his own DOJ. And then of course then of course you had four years of the Biden DOJ. Can I ask B before you go on? Lemme just ask one thing just based on what you now have seen. Was there any good national security reason to block those documents from being released in the first term? No. No, No. So it was entirely a political coverup operation to block those documents. Look, I think that, I think that some DOJ and FBI officials took advantage of the fact that it was the final moments of Trump's first term.


They took advantage of that fact to throw up some last minute roadblocks to make sure these documents four years ago. Okay, so then the Biden people never released them because the last thing they want is transparency on this issue. And so Trump is back in office and he's ordered a lot of transparency initiatives including on the Crossfire hurricane documents. To whom were the documents turned over? Yeah, so Trump made his declassification order again last month essentially saying, you know, that thing I tried to do January 19th, January 20th, 2021, cash Patel, the new director of the FBI handed those documents over to Congress, the House judiciary committee and, and others and we adjust the news, got our hands on those documents pretty quickly, and then we made them public ourselves so that everybody, everybody can read them.


Yeah. Okay. So let's give me some top lines here in terms of what you've discovered in the documents. So one thing that I will say is that we did learn some new information, however, some things are still redacted that I think probably shouldn't be. That being said, we did learn some new interesting facts here. Stefan Haler, who was one of the FBI's confidential human sources whom the FBI used to go after the Trump campaign in 2016. So everybody knows about Christopher Steele and the Steele dossier and how the FBI used that baseless nonsense to target the Trump campaign to obtain FIA warrants and even used it in the intelligence community assessment on Russian meddling in the 2016 election.


Yeah, not many people know about Stefan Halper. So he was an FBI confidential human source and the FBI used him in 2016 to, they wired him up to approach members of the Trump campaign to try to get them to say something that the FBI could then use to advance their investigation. But one of the things that we learned here is that Stef Allen Haler, when he met with the FBI made some allegations about Mike Fi and a, an event that Flynn had been at back in 2014 when he was Obama's director of the the D-I-D-I-A.


Yes. And Haler basically made these claims that Mike Flynn left this, left this meeting with, you know, someone may be connected to the Russians. Yes. Isn't that various, all this stuff. So we have new information about how there was no evidence of that. The FBI knew there was no evidence of that. However, the FBI used that as part of their justification to investigate Mike Flynn. Now, this investigation of Mike Flynn never turned up anything. One of the FBI agents leading the investigation of Mike Flynn said, there's nothing to any of this.


And yet the FBI kept this going. In fact, Peter Strach stopped the Flynn investigation from closing right at the last second, said the FBI could then go and interview him for a perjury trap early in the Trump administration. But what we learned now about the FBI's review of, of, of Stefan Alber is that yeah, in 2017, after all of this nonsense and all of this stuff on Flynn came up short, the FBI did a validation review of Stefan Halper as a confidential human source and recommended that he continue being used. That Stefan Halper is great, he's a great source. He's given us incredible information despite the fact that he found nothing, the FB I can recommended continuing to use him.


And we know, And over the, and over the life of their relationship with this guy, they paid him what, $1.2 million? Is that right? We also found buried in these documents that the FBI over decades gave this guy $1.2 million, including close to a hundred thousand dollars in this relevant time period, this this 2016 and early 2017 timeframe. Okay. So I wanna dwell on Mike Flynn for a moment. So you're saying that the, the seminal piece of information about why the government claims it was looking into Mike Flynn was predicated on a hoax that Stefan halper it was garbage that, that that Flynn hadn't like wandered off with some Russian agent at an event.


And yet the FBI used that as the basis to investigate the Director of National Intelligence, the incoming national security advisor of the President of the United States. And one last piece here, and then I'll let you comment on all of it, isn't, wasn't Mike Flynn hated inside of the Obama administration in particular because he wanted to be a reformer for the Intel community? Yes. Mike Flynn had become quite unpopular during the Obama admin because of problems saw inside of the, the ic. Yeah, absolutely. And okay. Yeah, I mean, look, these claims that Stefan helper made, basically what the FBI was doing was looking for any thin read that they could to open up investigations on people until they could maybe get something right.


And that's this, this claim from Stefan Halper was one of the very thin reads that the FBI used and the FBI agents who were looking into this, one of them was an FBI agent named William Barnett. And he looked into this concluded there's no there, there he can, he called this collusion clue and said that there was sort of a get Trump operation within, within the F fbi I, yeah, there talking to this stuff on Flynn. But they kept the investigation on Flynn open long enough. And then as you know, Comey kind of sort of generated this surprise interview of Flynn early in the Trump admin that they essentially used as a, you know, a perjury trap.


They were thinking about going after John the Logan Act. Yes. They tried to perjury trap him and, and as, as, as information later came out, it even turned out that, that some of the stuff that they were claiming that Flynn had had said and therefore lied about, they hadn't actually really said that. And so, you know, this, this was all just sort of an effort to use whatever they were throwing against the wall. It was a smear operation to, to hurt a critic of the Intel community who was about to break up the very cabal that was used against him, which is really cruel. So you me, you mentioned James Comey. I feel like there was a revelation in here. We had some information before about this, but I, I was really, I really wanted, I dwelled on it this weekend a lot after reading your coverage, which is that when the intelligence community put its assessment together about the Trump Russia collusion claims, James called me, wanted to prominently feature the Steele dossier in the main document.


He wanted to use that as a central piece of evidence for why Trump deserved to be investigated. James Comey did. Meanwhile, the NSA director at the time, a guy called Mike Rogers, very few people talk about him. And I remember I thought about him so much ever since then because he always seemed like the guy who was the only voice of reason that I'm aware of in the room. He was the one that was like, what are we doing? Why are we putting the steel dossier in the main intelligence document? That's insane to me. Tell us more about that. Yeah, so the steel dossier for which they never were able to corroborate anything of substance from it. I mean the, the, the only information in the dossier that had anything factual about it was stuff that steel clearly just pulled from like public forces.


There's, there's one that, there's, there's one item that I always remember when I think about the steel dossier in the dossier. He claims that something happened at the Russian consulate in Miami. This is a claim he makes. There is no Russian consulate in Miami. So on its face, you have a single piece of information right away that demonstrates that everything else in that document is suspect. Yes. And, and, and nobody ever talks about that component, which is like there were lies that were obvious if you just read the document. Correct, correct. It, it was full of massive problems just on a cursory read of it. Yeah. Obviously. And the FBI was never able to substantiate a single actual substantive thing.


These claims that he was making of conspiracy between Trump and the Russians. Right. There was no, there was no, there was nothing to it. The FBI knew it at the time as they, when they got the dossier, as they deployed the dossier to use in Pfizer warrants as they continued to use the dossier into 2017 as they brought on Steele's main source, Igor Dan Chenko, and kept him on for years and paid him huge sums of money. And they knew it. When Comey tried to use the dossier in the intelligence community assessment of Russia's alleged Medline in the 2016 election. Comey wanted to put it in the do in wanted to put the dossier in the body of this intelligence community assessment.


Yeah. He got pushback from NSA director Mike Rogers. And the compromise that they came to was including the dossier in an annex to the, to the intelligence community assessment. Now, another thing about Mike Rogers that we found in these documents is we found the interview that Mike Rogers did with Mueller's team 20. And something key about that is he was asked directly about a Washington Post story from May, 2017, a Washington Post story that was among the Washington Post stories that won the Pulitzer Prize for national reporting, a Pulitzer Prize, by the way that, that Trump is suing the, the Pulitzer board for defamation over.


Yeah. Mike Rogers is asked about that Washington Post story a month after the Washington Post story was published. And Mike Rogers says that it was bunk and Mike Rogers would know, because this was a story that was about a phone call that Trump had with Rogers. And Rogers basically said this entire, the, the crux of his story about what Trump told me about what Trump told me to do, the story is not true. And so that's a Pulitzer Prize winning story that we now know the main subject of shutdown That he said it was fake news that he said it was fake news. Okay. Finally, just, just a, a quick tour, you know, down memory lane with Mike Rogers.


I, I just, I need to emphasize something here. Mike Rogers, in 2016, after the election, after the election, after President Trump wins the election, he went and he paid a visit to President Trump and Trump Tower, And it became the source of some drill drama in the Obama administration because James Clapper, who was the director of National Intelligence at the time, and Ash Carter, who was the Secretary of Defense, wanted him fired over this. They didn't want Mike Rogers, the National Security Advisor visiting, excuse me, the, the, the, the head of the NSA visiting President Trump. And so, so pre he did, he made that visit.


Interestingly, I'd love to know what their conversation was like at the time, but he kept the NSA director on until 2018. Mike Rogers continued to work for Trump after he got into office until 2018. I, I think Jerry, and, and now I just wanna get your perception on this, that this is one of the most fertile and unexplored areas in the entire Trump Russia collusion saga. I agree. I think that, I think that Admiral Rogers has more to share and maybe, I mean, hopefully one day he, he does, one thing that I will note about about him is, so he pushed back on including the, the dossier.


Yeah. In the intelligence community assessment, he shot down this Trump Russia collusion, Washington Post story, this Pulitzer Prize winning story. And one thing that he also did, so the intelligence community assessment that came out in January, 2017, about 2016, the Russian Russia's alleged meddling in that election. Yep. It came a series of conclusions about what the ru, what the intelligence community believed the Russians had done. And one of the conclusions that the other intelligence agencies came to was that they were very certain about why Putin had done what he did, and that he did it 'cause he wanted Trump to win. But the NSA under Mike Rogers was not as certain about that they diverged from the rest of the ic from John Brennan and from James Comey.


The NSA was not as certain about why Putin had done some of the things that he had done Right. In 16. And I think that that, you know, that actually makes sense when you look at all of this stuff together. You look at the potential that the dossier was not just a, a sort of a democratic playbook, but also had Russian disinformation injected into it, to, to hurt, to hurt Trump. Yeah. So I think that was Funded by Hillary Clinton, Funded by Clinton. But I think essentially there, there, there have been a lot of revelations about the potential that Russian disinformation Yeah. May have also been injected into the dos.


Right. I mean, Chris Steele was working for a, a, you know, a, a Russian oligarch at the exact same time as he was putting the dossier together. And so yeah, Admiral Rogers and the NSA, they were not, they were not as certain about Yeah. Sort of Putin's intentions in 2016 as the rest of the I. Yep. Alright, well, Jerry Dunlevy, congratulations again for all your excellent reporting over at just the news. You're doing a fantastic, and I'm very grateful for your time today. And I, and I just wanna say, I know you're eager for that interview too, but I, I'm putting out an open invitation right now to Admiral Mike Rogers, if he ever wants to come outta hiding and doing an do an interview, I'm all ears, baby. I'd love to chat with you, sir. Thank you very much, Jerry.


Good to talk to you today. Good, good to talk to you. And congrats on the show, VINCE. We're all very excited that Thank You. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. This is Jerry Dunleavy, just the news. A great operation there. Spent the weekend digging through a lot of really important records to try and get to the bottom of a very important story. What the hell happened to our country and who sold us out. A lot more information coming out on that. Hey, one more story that I want to d dive into with you right now, which is over the weekend you saw a number of headlines suggesting that President Trump had carved out some sort of exemption for, for China when it came to cell phones, electronics, and President Trump wants you to know that is horse crap, that there was an exemption made this weekend.


President Trump himself posted a truth social this weekend that there was no exemption made. Take a look at this. Here's the president saying nobody is getting off the hook for unfair trade balances and non-monetary tariff barriers. The other countries that, that, that other countries have used against us, especially not China, which by far treats us the worst. There was no tariff exception announced on Friday. These products are already subject to an existing 20% Fentanyl tariff and they're just moving to a different tariff bucket. The fake news knows this, but refuses to report it.


We're taking a look at semiconductors in the whole electronic supply chain. He says, so he's emphasizing that not only is it fake that he's getting rid of the tariffs, they have a 20% tariff there. Yet all of these categories of products are still being reviewed for more tariffs going forward. That's the message that the president wants you to hear. That the, that there was no flip flop this weekend. For more on this, I wanna show you Stephen Miller, the president's, one of the president's top advisors. Here he is Stephen Miller, explaining very carefully this weekend what actually occurred. Pay attention to this. You Were targeting specific items from day one. Walk us through these exemptions, Stephen, and what they mean.


Yes. This is just another great example of how President Trump had a detailed plan from the beginning that's being executed exactly as directed. And unfortunately some in the media are deliberately mis portraying that plan. The original 20% A EPA, that's the International Emergency Economic Powers Act for China poisoning our citizens with fentanyl. That 20% rate is and continues to be applied to all imports from China. When the president issued his reciprocal tariffs, our government at the time specifically said that ships and semiconductors, which are critical components of our national security were gonna be dealt with through a separate commerce authority known as a 2 32.


That was Always, okay, let's pause there Always the plan because let's, let's pause there for a moment. Those components are so, Okay, here's what I want you to say. So that particular thing where he says this was, or in the original order from the White House, this isn't new. These exemptions were originally put in here. Take a look at this. I just went right to the original order. This is from April 2nd, And it says, the following goods as set forth in Annex two to this order, consistent with the law shall not be subject to the A valorem rates of duty under this order. In other words, shall not be subject to the reciprocal tariffs. And it goes on to say that it's anything in annex two, including copper pharmaceuticals, semiconductors, lumber articles, certain critical minerals and energy and energy products.


That's in the original statement. This is not a new development that semiconductors will not be subject to the reciprocal tariffs. That is super critical here. Okay, let's listen more to Stephen Miller. Our government at the time specifically said that ships and semiconductors, which are critical components of our national security were gonna be dealt with through a separate commerce authority known as a 2 32. That was always the plan. Because those components are so essential to our national security, we need to have a separate process for dealing with how to reshore those essential industries. When the tariff rate went up to the full rate of 1 25 on top of the 20, it was necessary to publish a more detailed list from Customs and Border Protection, explaining the rates and how they're applied.


There are no exemptions. Everyone pays at least the 20%. Right? And these particular components are being put through a separate process controlled by the Department of Commerce, which is the 2 32. So this is a sophisticated, elegant, detailed plan to deal with Chinese economic aggression against the United States. One, one other piece here. The, the situation, the exemptions that he is referring to are not just for China. Not just for China. So take a look at, at, at this, this is from the New York Times this weekend. They admit the electronics exemptions apply to all countries, not just China.


So this is not a, a, a situation where President Trump is somehow going easy on China right now, or he is backing off, or he is capitulating or he is scared, or he is running away, or he is losing a game of chicken. None of those things are happening. He's imp, he's applying the tariffs exactly as he announced on April 2nd, and China is locking horns with us. China, they're, I, you see some reporting over the weekend. They're trying to cut us off for some rare earth minerals. But again, I, if, if this show does anything, I want it to be really clear. I bring receipts, I've got the documents, I've got the facts, I've got the context, I've got the information. I'm telling you what the legacy press is.


Not by and large with, with limited exceptions. Look where this appears in the New York Times piece. It's way down in this piece. How many paragraphs down before you get there way down in this piece. These are things, so, so the media, they run in these sort of like fun house mirror interpretation of events where they distort it beyond recognition. I'm here to tell you there's a truth and I'm also here to dig for it. I'm so grateful as always for you guys being here. What an amazing, amazing audience. I, I love the love the live chat on Rumble. Love the podcast listeners all over the planet. God bless you for that. I've got the 12 to three Eastern radio show each day coming up later.


That's the VINCE Show. That'll be also broadcast live on Rumble Rumble dot com slash VINCE. In the meantime, once again, just wanna extend my gratitude to you and if you're recognizing, if you're observing Holy Week this week, I hope you have a blessed one. God bless you back tomorrow, right here on VINCE. Up next on Rumble, it's Stephen Krater.