
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino, My left shoulder doesn't work, so I wanna do like a big dramatic thing. And I just realized looking at the, the feedback it my left arm don't work. Let's just do the, here it is. If you are, listen, I love, look at this, these guys cutting out. Look at this. Look at these guys in the other room. Oh, oh, look at them. Fancy. Go run again.


Oh that. Oh, oh. Look at, look at that. If you are listening on Apple and Spotify, you know I love you guys. You are the originals. We didn't even have a video show for years until the lovely Paulita said, I think we should do a show on video. By the way, she's sitting right here too. This is the new studio. Welcome to the new Dan Bongino Show, the new evening scroll with Hailey, the new early edition with Avita and Vince, which is gonna be starting when I leave. This is the new studio. Paula, how long did you work on this? A very long time. Very long. She doesn't even wanna give you long because she doesn't think you'll believe her a long time. What do you guys think? Let's see in the chat first, fire it up.


What do you think? Love it. You got bookcase in the background. You gotta put the American flag. You got the little Dan Bongino sign in the background in case you're wondering the football helmet in the background. Who is it? It is the greatest athlete of all time and in my opinion, the greatest football player of all time too. Just my opinion. The great Bo Jackson. I love Auburn. He went there. We've also got some of the props from the old studio. My old Secret service badge up there. That was one of the Patriot Awards I got. You got Rockham. Soum, you got the Mutley, you got everything. You got the big wooden FAFO knife up there. This, they did such an amazing job. Listen. Oh you can do that. Look at that.


Oh look at these guys. Zooming in on stuff. You got the Bonino baseball. Rock 'em, sock him. This is very professional. It's my first time in here. Haley's sitting right there. Haley's already used the studio. They all love it. So we're gonna give you a little before and after, show you what's ahead. I promised you when we built a studio, we were gonna bring you nothing. The best


Today's show, boy I was brought to you by Blackout Coffee. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order.


Today's show also brought to you by man my eyesights Get You believe I can read that. I know what gee's thinking. Gis. Gis always telling me, Hey, my eyes ain't think I can actually read that sucker. Hey,


you don't go out buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking. You don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly others are heating the advice as gold hit all time highs. And the first part of 2025, it's not too late for you two. The company I use to diversify in the physical gold is Birch gold, B-I-R-C-H. It's a company I buy my gold from. Birch Gold specialize in helping you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA of physical gold for no money out of pocket. Just listen to this five star review. Knowledgeable, helpful, no pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold. That's why I've endorsed them and they've been a member advertising on the show for a while now. Get your free info hit on gold by texting the word Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There's no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star views. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Let the experts at Bo Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold message and data rate supply.


Do we have a bell? Oh no. Don't even know. No, you can't. You can't. Gee said he'll put it in in post. Meaning afterwards there'd be a bell effect where I would go and there's no bell and he pretends there's a bell, but no, no, it's okay. It's okay. I, these guys are working at Lightspeed to get me in the studio, but really, what do you think of the visuals? Show the production room guys, I want everybody to see you. You can see Justin 72 feet tall. Michael's like 72 and a half feet tall. Gee, the founder, there he is. He's still telling me how Rogue one is. Fantastic. Looking at him. He's got a little note on his desk. Hello, hello. We got the production. These guys can even talk. Can you guys say something over the thing? Will that, the thing that you showed me that hot, don't say anything about Rove.


I, I'll cut you right out. They could actually go over and broadcast over the thing. I'm throwing way too many curve balls at these. No, I go, look, look. There you go. There he goes. So we're really proud of this. A couple of thank yous. I wanna thank the lovely Paula first to, this was her project to make no mistake folks, I had absolutely nothing to do with this other than earning some money to build it. I did nothing. All of this stuff was Paula, the wall behind us, that's bricks from New York because we have the old New York thing that's a real iron piling all of this stuff was her. She designed the whole thing. So thank you Paula, thank you. The production team.


Gee, Michael, Justin, everyone else who was in here working tireless hours, we appreciate that and thank you Jasmine, our business manager who was in here helping Paula keep everything in line. And a big thank you to Ronnie Kirtman from Kirtman Contracting who built this lovely studio on time and with very few issues, relatively speaking, considering the breadth of the project. So thank you guys. And you know, we can work on a bookcase in the background a little bit. We can, we can add and, and and mix around some new stuff. So, but this is a picture of the old studio. Gee and the team put together a kind of before and after. This is what the old studio looked like.


Imagine this train wreck. Jerry, jerry-rigged operation. I don't even know what half that stuff is anymore because gee, remember we just kept piling stuff upon stuff. There is ghee. Somebody said wow on Facebook. Gee's such a handsome guy. I'm like, hey, hold on. Chill out there. Kim won't like that. The mini golf, there is the little mini golf thing on the side. There's the kitchen in new place. So we figured we'd give you a little virtual tour. There are the offices, one of those will be Paula's. So you liken it so far and there this is a mural. I wanna show you this, this is amazing. Paula had this commissioned this mural. Oh, what was it? What was it, what was his name? Juan. Juan Zo.


Juan Zo. What a talented guy that is not a stencil like thing folks where he just like spray painted. So he did that by hand, Juan, he did the thing by hand. He was here, what a week. Him and his wife almost on 24 hour shifts. That is all painted by hand. So amazing. That is in the lobby of the new studio. So it really looks incredible. And there you go. That's, it's not all done yet. There's a couple more kind of knickknack do dad things we gotta put in there. But you like it because this was for you guys. We wanna make sure you got the best looking product out there. Look at that. That's Haley's office right there. Haley's actually sitting in that seat right now in the seat you just saw. But she's in it.


That's the only different part of the, the, the visual landscape of what's going on right now. Paula's right next to the camera right there. But this is our first show. I'm ecstatic to be here. I feel like this is kind of my life's work coming together in this one physical place. So let's do some content. How do you feel about that? Yesterday we saw another messaging debacle up on Capitol Hill as the Democrats who were rudderless right now and seem to be out at sea, wandering around with no ability to use the light, the, the, the light to get back to the shore. They don't seem to have any direction at this point. And when it comes to the immigration issue, which they took a big L on in the election, nobody doubts that they took and dropped a big L.


It was the border, it was inflation and it was this sense of weaponized government. There were probably three of the top 10 issues that contributed to this seven swing state. Just absolute disaster for them in the 2024 election. So yesterday the Republicans brought out up on Capitol Hill in front of committee. They brought out a couple of liberal, you know, big, you know, Brandon Johnson types liberal city mayors and they wanted 'em to answer basic questions on immigration. The hearing did not go well for the Democrats, but I wanna play this clip of Senator Mark Warner first, who had, is forced in a swing state like Virginia. Now to admit the obvious that because the numbers have dropped so dramatically at the border, everything we told you was true.


The Immigration and Nationality Act allows the President of the United States to, to stop any class of, of illegal migrants at any time for any given period of time for any reason. And Joe Biden just didn't wanna do it. So here's Mark Warner and I want you to pay attention to the, the stammering around in the answer as he's forced to admit, eh, basically Trump was right. Check this out. Do You agree with that assessment that Donald Trump is the only thing that's needed to change the circumstances at the border? No, I think it is good that we're at a 25 year low in terms of border crossing. My words yesterday. Yeah, they were not great. Let me be the first to acknowledge that.


And I think what he's doing to our economy And our national why, why were they great? Why weren't they great? Because the notion that the numbers are down, which I think is good for American, I think the vast majority of Americans realized you President Biden didn't have a secure enough order. Those numbers are down. That's good news for our country. But the idea that that becomes a, an ability to sanction ice, to have, you know, unfettered immigration, ba unfettered immigration raids doesn't make sense. So my choice of words yesterday, you know, I'd like to take 'em back. The data does exist on the nu numbers being down.


What we've gotta do going forward, and we again heard last night from a president who had a state of the union that I'll stand by my words was the least amount of outreach to anybody who didn't vote for him that doubled down on all the MAGA issues. It's, it's not, wasn't a good night for America last night. It wasn't a good light. What are you talking about? It was a great night for America. This is a bad night for you. What wasn't a bad night for America? Notice the little sleigh of hand he does there too. You see this often with politicians by the way, both parties, they'll do it. But when they're caught in a corner on a question he knows this guy's not stupid. Mark Warner's been around forever. Democrat from Virginia, obviously on the Senate side.


He's not a dumb guy. It may make you feel good to say he's a dumb guy but he's not. He knows what he's doing. Mark Warner knows in the state of Virginia that illegal immigration is a growing, growing problem for him and his party because they're the party of pro illegal immigration. They just are. They can fake it all they want. So what does he do? He has to engage in this euphemisms game to pretend that he's not for what he's for. Like here's what I'm for, but I can't tell you what I'm for the Shatz doctrine. In other words, the Brian Shatz, the senator who has this theory out there, the Democrats should continue to do radically left crazy stuff. Just don't tell people about it. So I want you to pay attention to that clip. If you rewind it and go back, if you watch it on demand, how he's struggling to answer the question, it's okay to say Donald Trump has relatively to speaking, you know, in contrast to Joe Biden's illegal immigration encounters at the border that Donald Trump has fixed the problem.


It's okay to say that you might actually look like a bit of a pragmatist in what's becoming returning to a swing state kind of status. I think Virginia, he doesn't wanna do that. So he stammers and he moves all around and he tries to kind of distract you with looks shiny. Red objects up. But what kind of ticked me off the most about that clip is he says, well that's no excuse to engage in unfettered immigration rates. Well I would've followed up if I was the host who she's a liberal, she's not gonna follow up and ask real questions. What do you mean unfettered? Oh, I assure you there's fettering when it comes to immigration rates. They have rules, administrative procedures, the law, they have the bill of rights, the constitution they have to abide by.


You see the distraction mechanism they engage in all the time when they know they're at an issue they're losing on significantly. Oh, look at that. Look at that. Flipping up the camera go. You like the lighted flag there? Look it. No right there. Actually go in the right direction this time. Check that out. Flip to the other one too. A majority of this, too much. Look at that. That's like the pan out camera. These guys, they, these guys are loving this. It's great. We got two shots, three shots. Now we can do interviews and all kinds of stuff, but Vince has some crazy good interviews lined up for you. Is that another shot? That's like the, the look at you guys. What are you laughing at? Jasmine's like cracking up in there. They all think this is funny 'cause they keep throwing 'cause I see it on return they give you, I hear Jasmine and she's like cackling him like you guys laughing at making fun of me during my show.


So the hearing, the hearing got what the, the hearing on the was a genius move by the way. You have to remember the Democrats have been traditionally good at messaging in the past. And if you ever read the book Revolt Against the Masses by Fred Siegel, great book. I have no role. I'm not the publisher, I have no vested interest in it at all. It's just a really great book. He talks about the, basically the revolt against the masses. How liberalism is a response, an attack on the middle class. He mentions in the book how they had this superb mechanism lined up for years. The media activist groups and congressional committees. You see how Republicans are starting to emulate this strategy now.


Conservative media, activist groups, congressional committees, learning how to get a message out there. The hearing up on Capitol Hill with these liberal mayors, Michelle Wu from Boston, Brandon Johnson. Eric Adams was the perfect opportunity to just ask them, well what are you doing about this? It appears through your sanctuary city status, sanctuary city status that you're incentivizing illegal immigration. This did not end well when an excellent congresswoman from Florida, Anna Pauline Luna, decided to take this thing up one notch regarding some referrals. Check this out. So you don't believe that banning the transfer of individuals into ice custody for the purpose of civil immigration enforcement encourages illegal immigration into Chicago?


Or how about agencies? Sorry, one second. Or agents not being able to stop, arrest or detain individuals based solely on their immigration status or administrative warrant. So we comply with all laws, local, state, and federal. To me, after this line of questioning, it's very clear that these policies that you'll have all implicated are active and alive and well in your cities are in direct violation with us. Title eight code subsection 1324 and is a federal offense. But you all speak about a broken immigration system and yet here you guys are aiding and abetting in that entire process. I wanna be very clear about something. Open border policies, which is something that you guys are talking about, hurts people on both sides, meaning the people that are coming here illegally and then American citizens as well.


I do not think you guys are bad people, but I think that you are ideologically misled, which is why unfortunately based on your responses, I'm all going to be criminally referring you to the Department of Justice for investigation. And as soon as I leave here, these will be going over to Pam Bondy. I'm not doing that to an effort to bully you guys, but I do believe that your policies are hurting the American people and you can make that known with the evidence that you can present to the Department of Justice. But if you guys continue doing what you're doing, you're not going to help anyone. You're going to hurt more people. And that's exactly why I'm tired of it. The American people are tired of it and chairman, I yield my them would. Would you yield your last minute? Yes sir.


You know this is my first time explaining this from the new studio here. There is a reason that Democrats enjoy open borders. And I'll use the word unfettered, but in the correct way here. Unfettered, open immigration regardless of process or procedure. There is a way to migrate to the country you can, you can get a visa, you can go through the formal process in your own country and be welcomed in. You can enter at a port of entry and make various claims. What you cannot do is enter any place you want at any time for any reason you want. I think that's clear. However, first time explaining from the new studio, the Dems have had this argument for a long time going on internally and they've actually aired it.


They call it demographic destiny. When you talk about the exact same thing, they call it replacement theory, but it's the exact same thing. Make no mistake. What the Democrats are referring to is a shift in the demographic makeup of the United States that they think the destiny part will lead them to a long-term grip on national power. Here's the process for them. They're having a real problem right now. The electoral college is an issue for them. Swing states are starting to float in our direction, as you saw in the last direct in in the last election. Why? Because a lot of liberal people who who live in these cities are being left behind in California. Why conservatives, moderates, and even kind of old blue dog style damn voters are leaving these liberal states because of poor public safety policies.


High taxes, unfettered illegal immigration. So what's happening, the population of these liberal states is starting to shrink the population that gives 'em electoral college voting power. The electoral college is based on the number of members of the House of Representatives, which depends on your population. Plus two senators. So the Democrats who've spoken about this openly see illegal immigration as a way to backfill people, exiting these liberal states to move, move to more conservative states or swing states. They've talked about it over and over. I played the montage on the show a thousand times. It's not a conspiracy theory, it's not a mystery, it's them actually talking about it.


Do me a favor, just look it up. Go to any search engine. Put in demographic testing. You can see a thousand clips of them discussing this. That's what's going on here. That's why they don't have it. Oh, look at it. I can see Justin's laptop up there. That's a new one. I didn't know that before. Just don't do anything shady on the laptop in the studio. Look at it. You can actually put it on the screen. Yeah, demographic destiny. You could see they talk about this stuff all the time. All the time. He was the mayor of Boston who was just disgracefully the other day. Sent her condolences and thoughts and prayers to a suspect in a case of a stabbing where an off-duty police officer acted rather heroically. By the way you mean she sent the condolences to the police officer?


No, to the other guy. The suspect in the case. So here's the mayor of Boston, sending a message to illegal immigrants in many languages that basically this is your your city. You could watch it yourself. I'm not making this up. Check this out. You belong here. This is your home. Boston, this is our city. We are the safest major city in the nation because we are safe for everyone. Clearly you're not safe for everyone.


I mean if you're in a, a suspected attacker in a knife attack and you find yourself in a Chick-fil-A, you're not really safe because the mayor's gonna send their thoughts and prayers to the suspect. Bad guy with the blade in this case and not the off-duty cop. Doesn't sound safe to me folks. Incentives matter. Okay, if you are going to say to people, break the law, don't enter in a port of entry, stay here illegally and make no effort at any point to engage with the legal immigration process, but come here, we'll protect you. You are obviously going to become a magnet for people who break the law and come here. This is not hard to figure out. They're just playing dumb. They're not actually done with this folks.


They think with the hive mind though. And that's one thing about the Democrats, they're usually better off at, they're usually better at messaging than this. This immigration story to them is one of those basically 70 30, 80 20 issues where they're in the minority and the 20 30% they've dropped a big L on it and they've had no ability to pull themselves out of it and say, guys, it's time to do what we did with the Bill Clinton Democrat party and start to reorient ourselves towards the center. They're just not doing it. There's a jump cut in the show here, which I'm not supposed to talk about. They tell you in the business when you guys screw something up, you just go past it. But we had a jump cut something and it's prerecorded segment we had done there because Justin is messing around.


Luke Skywalker fiddling with R 2D two in there. And while we were doing the show, what happened? I'm looking at their feedback, the video returned and what do I see? The answer is I don't see anything. I see nothing but black. I mean black like the absent of any picture whatsoever. And why? Because Justin in there in the room, give a little wave, go to the camera be I plead the fifth. He's so I had to like cut that thing out. So that's why there's a little jump cut in there like, how'd you do that? Don't ask. We got a lot of gizmos in the studio and he's been messing with all too many of 'em. It's been a lot of fun so far. You enjoying the show? You like the new studio? I love it. I love it. I feel like this is my life's work here.


Put so much time into this


quick break today together you and I have been fighting for the same thing, freedom, Liberty, and the country we love. One of our biggest supporters over the years have been Patriot Mobile. They stuck with us through thick and thin they did. If you're part of the Bongino army, you should check out Patriot Mobile. You need to keep supporting companies that share our values and stand for what we believe in. You can switch to Patriot Mobile with confidence. No one can get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. Not only you have The Dan Bongino Show guarantee, you'll get the Patriot Mobile coverage guarantee. Remember, every dollar you spend supports a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responder heroes. Switching easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're 100% US based customer support team. We'll find the perfect plan for you, your family, even your business. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with promo code. Dan. Truth is, I can't think of a single reason you shouldn't be on Patriot Mobile. That's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


And our next sponsor is MyPillow. We love MyPillow. MyPillow is excited to announce they're having the first ever mega sale on Overstock clearance and brand new products. For example, save over 50% on this season's flannel sheets Queen size only or 59 98 Kings only are 69 98. They sell out fast every year. So order now save 30% of their brand new My Crosses. They're designed in the likeness of the one mics wear is worn every day for 20 years. They come in men's and women's and they're made right here in the USA. So get the 20 25 6 piece. My towel sets for only 29 point 98. The initial quantities are extremely low. So get them now before they go. And the bestselling standard MyPillow, just 14 point 98. Take advantage of the first ever mega sale. Go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan or called 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. But remember that $75 free shipping rule. Well, that ship is sale because right now every order ship's absolutely free shop their first ever mega sale with free shipping on every order. And once again, go to mypillow.com and use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. Thanks MyPillow. We appreciate it.


I know you may have seen this, but it goes back to a point I made repeatedly about the Borg hive mind Democrats, how when you are a collectivist, which is the essence of what progressive liberal Democrat values are these days, we should all share in the wealth, even wealth you didn't create, we should share in other people's wealth. The essence of that is that you have to act collectively. I, I'll be candid with you that the only downside, tactically, not ideologically, IM morally to being a bedrock Republican who loves our values and conservatism, is we're entrepreneurs and we're, we're believers in freedom and individual liberty. We don't wanna be told what to do tactically.


That creates a coordination problem. It creates kind of what they call an economics of prisoners. Dilemma. Democrats don't have that problem. They get a message, they go out there and they all just repeat the same thing. Here we go. Did you, did you check this out here? Listen to this video. This is, what is this? That the shit that's a lie or something like that. But watch how they all got the message and just the exact same script over and over and over again. Check this out. When I went, I will immediately bring prices down starting on day one. It Ain't, that ain't true. That's what we just heard from Trump. Prices are not, they're up. Inflation is getting worse. The prices of gross gas eggs of asc, it's not getting better, getting worse.


Okay? I have no problem with the message getting out there, but can you improv at least a few words, change an and to a, but put a semicolon where a period was maybe a comma, maybe an exclamation point, maybe act it out differently. Now you're probably thinking, oh damn, it was just five of 'em. No, no, it was more, the only reason we place one first is there's so many of 'em. It sounds like nothing but static. When you play it all together, you thou be here, check this out. That is the tactical benefit of thinking with the hive mind. They all repeat and endlessly the same things over and over and over again.


The rich don't pay their fair share. This is all they do. They think collectively. They're taught to not think individually or else they be conservatives and they're not. We're here, they're there. Folks. I wanna move on to the continuing ongoing situation with the Ukraine deal and the tariff situation. I've explained to you repeatedly that Donald Trump is clearly using tariffs as a negotiating point right now. I'm gonna get to that, but he is not kidding. You know, if you've fallen into the trap of take Donald Trump seriously, but not literally, you're gonna blow it and you're gonna lose whether you always know the person sitting across from you at the negotiating table.


No, take him seriously and take him literally, because he is not kidding. He is demanding an end to this. It's just stunning how the, the the the the formerly give piece of chance, I mean they had songs about it left is now upset at Donald Trump for engaging in a negotiation pathway in a war that at this point is not going well for either side, frankly. And you have one, you have a side. I don't want to, I'm want throw the, just put up the I'll, I'll let me, I'll explain. After you see this AP headline, okay, he's not kidding when he says we are out. If you are not interested in engaging in this exit Ramp off this war highway onto peace, exit 62, whatever.


That's the exit I lived off, off the LIE then we're out. He's not kidding. AP Trump pauses US military aid to Ukraine by pressuring Zelensky to move quickly to end the war. Do not fall in that trap. You're making a catastrophic mistake. Here is another politician in Canada, north of us who is making another catastrophic mistake. He keeps one upping the argument with Donald Trump over tariffs. We have not had free and open access on all fronts into Canadian markets for a long time. Donald Trump is a transactional guy. Now, whether you agree or disagree with tariffs, I've stated my position a thousand times. I don't wanna bore you with it.


There is simply no doubt that although we benefit from a friendly relationship with Canada, we certainly wouldn't want an enemy up north. There is no doubt that the inverse is true as well, that they benefit from us. No one's going to invade Canada. Why? Because the United States military is located just south and would never allow hemispheric dominance by some other world power like China or Russia. Not gonna happen. There is a benefit there. It is a direct benefit of being regionally located just north of us. There's also a lot of trade that happens. It benefits both countries here. And these are not our enemies, but Donald Trump is saying, Hey, we want access one dairy everything.


We want this Canadian market to be fully free and open. And if it's not, then we're gonna win. We're gonna tariff your products coming in and now you have, oh is it Doug Ford up there in Canada? We're gonna cancel contracts with Starling. This is not helping. This is not helping. I understand the situation you're in, but it is not helping. Trying to one up and engage in chess puffery with Donald Trump is a huge mistake. He feeds off this stuff. He knows he has the upper hand. So here's Justin Trudeau suggesting that we're gonna keep booing the American, American national anthem. How does this help this pro tip dump this line of attack?


It's not working. Check this out. We're gonna choose to not go on vacation in Florida or Old Orchard Beach or wherever. We're gonna choose to try to buy Canadian products and forego bourbon and other classic American products. And yeah, we're probably gonna keep booing the American anthem. I'm not sure how that turns the temperature down on the tariff argument and this ongoing Donald Trump transactional spreadsheet where he sees this as NATO Canada and other countries taking advantage of the United States' implicit if not explicit security guarantee, it's not helping.


There comes a time, you know, all the best life advice you're ever gonna have is in that Kenny Rogers song, the Gambler. Sometimes you just gotta know when to hold them and know when to fold them. Know when to walk away and when to run. This is a time to run away from this. It is not going to end well on the economic front. It just isn't. You don't have the leverage Donald Trump does. Here's Justin Trudeau's message to President Trump. This wasn't a smart move either. Check this out Now I wanna speak directly to one specific American Donald in the over eight years you and I have worked together.


We've done big things. We signed a historic deal that has created record jobs and growth in both of our countries. We've done big things together on the world stage as Canada and the US have done together for decades, for generations. And now we should be working together to ensure even greater prosperity for North Americans in a very uncertain and challenging world. Now, it's not in my habit to agree with the Wall Street Journal, but Donald, they point out that even though you're a very smart guy, this is a very dumb thing to do.


I am really not sure how this helps. I'm not, let me, let me help you to Trudeau, I'm gonna help you out. I'm, you know, I'm not in the business of agreeing with the Wall Street Journal you said, I'm not in the business of agreeing with you or giving you pro tips or advice, but I will hear you are engaging in negotiations with a man that sees that the United States has been taken advantage of for a long time. I've said many times on this show because it matters to me, having lost family members in wars overseas. The United States has shed a lot of blood and a lot of treasure in defense in the defense of countries around the world, not name the United States.


Donald Trump has seen what happened in Iraq and war. He never supported he, he saw the writing on the wall there. He saw what happened in Afghanistan and other places where we've tried our best to do this democracy building old school, old school Republican approach to national security geopolitics. He doesn't see results. He sees a NATO military cooperative arrangement that is largely backed by the United States. Despite the United States not being regionally co-located in roughly the same place as some of the enemies NATO is meant to protect against. He sees a Canadian arrangement.


Economically, it's worked out great, but there are a lot of downsides. There's a lot of restrictions on what we can sell into Canada despite the fact that Canada relies heavily on us. Again, I'm not in the pro tip business for Democrats, but I have been for the last few days we've been listening to the show. I'm just telling you, dial it down man. This isn't gonna work. I don't know what you're getting out of this. You may get some puffery and who knows, you may be bumping up in your approval rating polls, but you're not helping anyone. Alright, I haven't covered this. You know, one of Donald Trump's superpowers, I, I forget who was arguing this the other day, but it was a genius take that he has this magical, but it was Scott Jennings.


He has this magical ability to take an 80 20 issue where 80% of the people are with him and he gets his political opponents to jump in with the 20. That's not how you build a coalition in politics and win. And one of 'em is men in women's sports. Men in girls sports. It is an absolute loser. Like the immigration issue. We covered the beginning of the show. When are you guys gonna get this on the left? What is it gonna take? What is it gonna take? A 49 outta 50 State Reagan landslide.


Last break, and we'll get back to that, said that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. Reports say China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using tactics to crush American family farms and with the additives they're putting into our food, Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about this? Let me tell you about a company that's coming out swinging on behalf of the American Family Farms and your family's food security mink, M-O-I-N-K. Mo's Meat comes from families from animals raised outdoors and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised and harvested right here in the United States of America. They just sent me some of their meat. It was absolutely fantastic. You're gonna enjoy it. You can really taste the difference in quality. It's amazing. It makes a big difference in the meals for my family. We like to eat healthy and we like it to taste good. Everything tastes amazing. Support American Family Farms. Join the mok movement today at mo box.com/bonino and get free wings for life. The best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, spelled M-O-M-O-I-N-K-M-O-I-N-K mo box.com/bonino. That's mink box.com/bonino.


Do you guys see me laughing there? Jasmine's sitting over here and Haley's in the office and like everything just went dark and everyth. Everyone like, lemme turn his thing on. I mean, him went dark, like pitch black. Like that Vin Diesel movie when he's like the only guy who can see in the dark. Jasmine was the only one, she had the vin diesel glasses on in there and she's like, everybody's like looking around. All right, I'm being a little bit dramatic. Haley's like, dude, it was out for like one second, but it made for a good story 'cause I saw Jasmine roll over like, I don't know, I, there's no light in here. I dunno what's going on. What's that? How about coffee? Oh, he is, he's doing it again. He's like, you like Blackout Coffee? I love Blackout Coffee. I've obviously had a few cups today, but it's so geeked up on caffeine today. It's time for you to be awake, not woke. Start your day with a Hot America. First couple Blackout Coffee like I do. Blackout Coffee's an active supporter of hardworking Americans to see workers their duty. They love the country. They honor and take care of their customers more than any other coffee company out there. Blackout Coffee uses premium grade coffee beans. You know, sometimes you drink this woke garbage coffee. You don't even know what premium greed beans tastes like. They use lower grade beans. A lot of these count a lot of these companies. That's why you get that bitter tasting coffee, not blackout. Skip those long lines at the store and order online for bold, never bitter coffee. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. It's fresh. It's great. Do me a favor, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? Do the real deal. Quit drinking that woke corporate junk coffee every morning. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it


again. Donald Trump has a lot of these magic pattern. Not everything is, you know, four d chess. I, you know, he doesn't think that way about himself. However, getting people to reflexively the reflexively anti-Trump response to support open borders and men and women sports has been such a disaster. You wonder at what point they say, guys it's, you know, I, I'm not a fisherman, but it's time to cut bait. Like just slice the the damn fishing line at this point. It's not working. Here are Democrats at the joint address to Congress the other night. The Democrats. You would think this would be a great opportunity for the give 'em to get up and clap for a girl who was severely injured playing with a man in volleyball who shouldn't have been in women's sports.


But nope. Sound bites and snapshots. This was a bad snapshot. Check this out. Years Ago, Peyton McNabb was an all star high school athlete, one of the best preparing for a future in college sports. But when her girl's volleyball match was invaded by a male, he smashed the ball so hard in Peyton's face, causing traumatic brain injury, partially paralyzing her right side and ending her athletic career. It was a shot like she's never seen before. She's never seen anything like it. Peyton is here tonight in the gallery and Peyton from now on, schools will kick the men off the girls team or they will lose all federal funding.


Oh, just get up and clap. It's not hard. As I said yesterday, give the golf clap. You don't even have to touch your hands. You know, sometimes I, I broke my right hand. Can you see it it now with the zoo camera? You see that bump? Oh, you can see that. Look at that. That, I don't want to tell you how I broke it, but I broke my right hand. Just give like an air clap. Whatever. Can you see that? Look at that. You see that lump? You can see that that is an actual, look at that. When I broke it, I go to the doctor and I'm at the, the hospital for special surgery. I, I think that's what it was called. And he comes in and the doc, he was trying to be funny. I thought it was hilarious. Two a time even know my hand was swollen up like a basketball. He's like, I think you broke the LFPs.


I'm like, what are the LFPs? He's like little freaking bones. I'm like, is that bad? He's like, it's bad still okay though. Knock on wood. You like the desktop too while we're doing the new studio thing. This was Paula's idea. You like this? Is this real wood? It is. Jasmine says, yes it is real wood. The this is called apparently a live edge on the thing. I didn't know what live edge meant. I thought like it was gonna have graphics on it or something like one of those tickers for the stock market. But live immediate is like, like it's actual. This is the contour of the wood. This was a Paul idea. This is a new desk too. Say Mike though. Say microphone. This is the mic from the other studio. Gee was like yesterday. He sent me, him and Michael Bow sent me a text. Look at this.


A side shot. Check that out. Well I kind of blended into the background. Looks like a floating head right there. If you're missing this by the way, on Apple and Spotify, you gotta check this out. Okay, back to the show. 'cause I do this all the time. Here is one of the best secretaries I've seen in a long time. Dan, it's only been a month. I've got enough of a sample size to roll with at this point. She's been doing a great job. Caroline Levitt, here she is talking about the Democrats sitting on their hands for this when they had a golden opportunity for a rapper Schmo with America on the issue. Nice fancy SAT word. Get up and just pretend to clap. Check this out. Last night was a very clarifying moment for our country. The Democrats exposed themselves as the party of insanity and hate the party that wants to put America last.


They've allowed their Trump derangement syndrome to stop them from celebrating America and our people and we will not allow them to forget that. So thankfully, let's see if these guys see what I'm doing here. They're like, Dan, don't mess around. It's our first day in the new studio. I love messing around and I can't stop. There was a Minnesota State rep who stepped up for the Democrats. Wouldn't you agree fellas? She was like, I'm gonna bring some sanity back to this. This is clearly not the right approach to take guys. Let's speak out. Clearly women deserve their own spaces in sports. There are biological differences. So fellas, thank you for cutting this.


Don't you agree? Step stepped up, right? But you're a round of applause. Minnesota. This is Minnesota state rep Alicia Kozlowski. So stepping up, trying to moderate the Democrat position that somehow men should be a women's sports and thank you for putting this in the show and thank you rep Alicia Kozlowski for doing the right thing, not the easy thing. Play that cut. Make no mistake that this is just another version of state sanctioned bullying and genocide. And I don't say that lly like Of course we were kidding. There is no moderate voice on this issue. It is bullying and state sanctioned genocide. How exactly is that?


Do you care to line that out with some data? Because you use that word, I'm very sensitive word to me. I hear genocide. We wanna fix that problem real quick. Kind of curious what data you have to back that up. So stopping a man from smashing a ball into a young girl's face and breaking her nose and giving her brain a brain injury is somehow genocide. You really sure Again, this is the hill you all want to die on here. Here is a list of the Democrats who blocked the no Men in Women's Sports Act. It's, it's not a small list folks. There are a lot of 'em and I I, I don't understand how tactically a party that's typically smart, I don't, you know, obviously I'm not a democrat, but they're typically tactically smarter than this.


You don't think that these names on this list that this is gonna be broadcast in every midterm campaign commercial if they're running that they voted against this. It's an 80 20 issue. Man, you are on the wrong side of this. You're on the wrong side of history. But again, who am I to give you advice? I don't buy into that stuff anyway. I don't have to. Folks, the reason the left continues to do this is because there's money in it. Gerrymandering the way the congressional districts are carved up, it actually you profit, at least your campaign coffers do from engaging in radicalism.


You do. And the pace the base of the Democrat party is very powerful when it comes to this magnetic poll over to their side. Gerrymandering's got a lot to do with it. I think social media has a lot to do with it. No one wants to be crushed on Twitter so they don't wanna say anything because they feel like if they say anything they'll become the target of everybody's eye or on Twitter. However, censorship is still a bedrock portion of this radical far left approach and it's a damn shame because this is no way to move forward in a free constitutional republic. Globalists love this too. I want you to listen to this. Here is un chief and Antonio Gutierrez. A free speech on social media basically must be stopped because, because if we show you clips like this and and women getting hit in the face with volleyballs and smashed as men are spiking volleyballs in their face, then it may kind of turn the public against them.


So what's the solution? Ban it Censorship. Check this out. Digital Platforms are being misused to subvert science and spread this information and hate to billions of people. This clear and present global threat demands clear and coordinated global action. Our policy brief on information integrity on digital digital platforms puts forward the framework for a concerned international response. Every time. Every time with the censorship. What is with this globalist crowd and censorship, what are you so afraid of? You afraid that me and Justin, by the way, Justin's on X now too.


I saw that the other day. Got like all this professional photo. What are you? Well you're afraid we're actually gonna expose you for you here. Here's a wait, here's another one they don't want out there. This is excellent Congressman Tim Burchard, right? Asking a question about tax dollars, funding terror. See if this is the kind of thing, if you're not doing it, you're not worrying about censoring it because you're not doing it. But if our tax dollars are funding terrorism, the only way to stop people from figuring out how is it guys, is this censor in notice we don't have this problem. I hate censorship. Watch this exchange. This is the kinda stuff they don't want you to see it.


Check this out Mr. Roman. Are you aware that we are sending $40 million a week to the to the Taliban? Yes sir. Can you name other instances of foreign aid going to terrorist organizations? We have assisted Al-Shabaab and Somalia. There has been instances of the ZI network in Sudan, Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Hezbollah, Hezbollah in Syria. Dozens of terror organizations have received indirect assistance from US foreign aid. You don't have to censor that stuff if it's not happening Justin. Why? 'cause it's not happening. So there's nothing to censor.


This isn't hard, man. This isn't hard folks. I will not be here tomorrow. Friday I am. You see like I don't want to, this is gonna be tough for me. I only have after today five shows left with you. Next week, March 14th will be our last show. So tomorrow, Friday I, I will not be here. I have to go up to Washington DC to handle some very important business. It was my only option. Everything was kind of in a compressed timeline. I really hope you like the new studio and you, I just give another shot of each angle here. You could see we, we put a ton of work into it.


Paula did. So my crew it as our first show from here. Look at that. Look at these. Got my Michael, Justin Gee, we really, I, I hope you guys enjoy it at least next week for me and with Haley moving forward in the future. She's right over there. And Avita. And then Vince, thank you so much for tuning in today. Give us a follow rumble.com/bonino. Really appreciate it. And I will see you on the radio in a little bit. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.