
Good morning and welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us today. Doing it from the home studio today. Oh yeah, baby Major might make an appearance. That'll be good. Hey, breaking news this morning We got a big, beautiful bill through the United States House of Representatives. What comes next? What's inside of this thing? We're gonna examine all of the details. Also, some troubling news Overnight out of Washington DC as some left wing socialist lunatic opens fire on two Israelis outside of a Jewish museum in Washington DC authorities taking him into custody. We'll get into the details of what happened there, and Senator Roger Marshall is joining us on the show today.


We'll ask him about the big beautiful Bill, whether or not we can get some real spending cuts going now. And also given that he's a doctor, gotta ask him about Biden's brain and the coverup going on in that last administration. A lot to do today on this episode of VINCE, including thanking the sponsors who make it all possible.


Thank you to bone Charge. You know, I've been using the bone charge, infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask. My wife especially uses the mask. I like the sauna blanket. She likes the mask. Ever since they sent them, we've been using them and I can't recommend them enough. Now that sauna blanket, look, most people don't have a sauna in their house. If you have a sauna blanket, you do, you can wrap yourself up in this thing and get the sauna experience. You get the muscle recovery. The detoxification is a total game changer and it's really easy to use. Just wrap yourself up and then let that infrared heat work its magic. I feel totally great after I use that infrared sauna blanket and then that red light face mask. My wife loves this thing. She's been wearing it every day, every night before bed, and it's helping her. It improves her skin's texture, reduces inflammation. It gives you fantastic results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. Now, If you're thinking of trying these out, you're in luck. Head over to bun charge.com and use the code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact in our lives. I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bun charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, or cure any disease. Yeah, baby, thank you. Bon Charge. Thank you for supporting the show.


Okay, so we've, boy, we have a lot going on today. You guys excited about the big beautiful bill getting through the big beautiful bill getting through it. Did get through the United States House of Representatives this morning. First thing this morning, these congresspeople were up all night. I'm not shedding any tears for the work schedule that I'm not being particularly impressed with Congress, but they did get this thing passed. Take a look. Here we go. We've got Mike Johnson calling the final tally this morning saying, this thing's passed on this vote. The a's Are are 215. The nays are 214 with one answering present.


The bill is passed. S-A-U-S-A-A Half-hearted, USA from speaker Mike Johnson at the end there. But two 15 to two 14, whoa. Two 15 to two 14. This thing gets through by the skin of their teeth, man, just imagine. How did they get to just a one vote differential? Oh, Jerry Connolly died this week. Democrat congressman from Virginia, which means if Connolly had voted, this thing may very well not have passed. We can't get this close, guys, we've gotta be further apart than this. But Jerry Connolly does pass away this week.


So by a single vote, Republicans get this thing through the United States House of Representatives and what's inside of this bad boy? What, what comes with it? Well, here's some of the things we know about. As of this morning, We got a permanent extension of the 2017 Trump tax cuts. That's a huge deal because If you don't get that extension, You know what happened at the end of this year, it would be an increase of taxes by 22% on all American citizens. A 22% tax hike on average if these things were allowed to expire. So that that can't happen. The house has taken care of that. Right now. There's no tax on tips in this thing.


There's no tax on overtime and there is a 4,000 do dollar deduction on Social security. $4,000 deduction. Let me break that down for you a little bit. I, I mentioned it yesterday on the program and I talked yesterday on the radio show with Congressman Jason Smith. He's the chairman of the House Ways and Means committee about this. But it's really important to understand this. Look, president Trump runs on no tax on tips, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax on Social Security yet. That's not what this says about Social security. So what's going on here? Well, it turns out by virtue of laws that Congress has already passed, they're not allowed to go after Social Security the same way they could go after tips and overtime Social Security is protected from having its taxes taken down.


So what they were able to do through this simple majority reconciliation process is they imposed a $4,000 deduction that's on top of your standard deduction. So if you're receiving Social security benefits, you'll be able to further deduct $4,000. Here's the end result of that. Congressman Jason Smith told me this yesterday. If you are receiving $75,000 or less in income in the United States and you're receiving Social Security, your taxes get zeroed out now. Now your income tax is zero, so 70 5K or less above that, you still got that deduction. But a $4,000 deduction on social security. So they did what they could is the explanation that they're giving you on this. But again, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime.


$4,000 deduction on social security. Also included in this thing. Border funding, ice funding. Get the illegals out of the country, take care of ice, take care of these ice agents who are now under constant threat for doing their jobs. That is in this package. Defense spending is here. Golden Dome spending is here. The president talking about that earlier this week. A missile defense system for the United States to shield the country that spending is inside of this package. There's also spending cuts in this $1.5 trillion just over $1.5 trillion now over 10 years. Now that that's, You know, trillion people hear that and they think, well, that's a lot of money. It's not a lot of money.


It's 150 billion bucks a year. That's not a lot of money. So let's, let's set that aside for a moment. I'll get back to spending cuts. 'cause I think something very important is gonna happen on this in a moment, I hope. Anyway, I'll explain also, they have new work requirements in this for able bodied Medicaid recipients. That is people who receive Medicaid or are poor people receiving healthcare assistance from the federal government. They're just saying that you, you gotta make sure these people are working. If you're able bodied, if you're healthy, you should be trying to be gainfully employed so that you can get off of Medicaid so you don't have to be on Medicaid. So this is an inducement to make sure that we spend money responsibly to take care of people and that we get them outta that situation where they have to perpetually be on Medicaid.


That's in there. Also, the rolling back green spending a lot of it from that so-called inflation reduction act that Joe Biden had put out. Remember that they lied about it. They said it was gonna reduce inflation. It didn't do that. Inflation just was out of control during the Biden era. Instead, as Biden would later admit, the name wasn't even right, it was basically AOCs Green New Deal. It's a massive amount of green spending. This spending now is being clawed back. This green energy spending. They're stopping it. They're stopping hundreds of billions of dollars being stopped in its tracks. That is an important piece of this legislation.


Also, they're gonna do a 20% cut, they say in food stamp spending because they're shifting a lot of those costs. The 20% to the states. And again, imposing work requirements. Look, the, our country's generous, we're gonna help people out or we're struggling. They need food stamps, they need Medicaid. Whatever they need, we'll provide it. We just want you to uphold your end of the bargain, which is try and find some work and make some money to take care of your family. So again, restrictions on food stamps in the form of some work requirements there. Also, they're banning federal funding. You ready for this on all transgender procedures? Now, it was previously banned just for children. It's now being banned for everybody, adults, kids.


This is a great addition to this bill. No federal spending at all on transgender experiments. This is dangerous stuff. Injecting people full of chemicals, sterilizing them, pumping them full of hormones, hurting them or going so far as to chop them up to mutilate them. Disgraceful, disgraceful. So these Nazi experiments that the government has been funding, they stop Now, according to this house package, if this whole thing makes it through the house and the Senate, with that, that gets stopped in both, both for kids and adults. That's a big piece of this, this big beautiful bill.


Again, as I'm blistering off these items, think about this. This is the Trump agenda. What President Trump is talking about. The reason he calls it a big beautiful bill is because it encapsulates all of the things that he wants to get done with his agenda. Another one, $12 billion is going out the door to to, to give money to states who helped stop the invasion under the Biden administration. They cut $12 billion in spending. They're gonna do it. I assume I haven't looked at the specific states, but I assume that means states like Texas states that sent their police forces to the border to try and stop the invasion, the costs that they've incurred. That is money that the federal government is now sending back to them for having tried to stop that invasion.


Under Biden, there's a four x increase to the salt cap. You and I know what the salt cap is. If you don't, it's the state and local tax deduction. In other words, basically what happens is If you live in a super high tax state, these are blue states, Democrat run states. Previously you've been able to write off all of your state and local taxes as a deduction on your federal taxes. Well, when President Trump in 2017 signed a tax law into law, it imposed a $10,000 cap. It said, no, wait a second. Hold on a second. The whole country's not gonna subsidize these out of control spending Democrat states anymore. That's not gonna happen. You wanna pay you less in taxes in those states.


Lower your taxes. Stupid blue states. What has happened here is Blue State Republicans push to get that cap elevated. So now it goes from 10,000 to $40,000. So If you live in an out of control spending blue state, you can now write off up to $40,000 in state and local taxes. But that's only for people who make less than $500,000. So they're trying to restrain it just to, You know, because look, what was going on was that the blue states were spending outta control and then the super wealthy people who lived there were receiving massive benefits from that. So no, no more from that. No more subsidies to those blue states like that.


President Trump tried to stop that. They've pushed this thing up to $40,000. So that is, that's, those are some of the top lines on this. The president is excited about all of this. He has indicated on Twitter this morning, take a look here, Twitter this morning, the one big beautiful bill has passed the House of Representatives. This is arguably the most significant piece of legislation that will ever be signed in the history of our country. He says the bill includes massive tax cuts, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime tax deductions when you purchase an American made vehicle. That's important, yeah, that they wanna include that you, you'll be able to write off your loan for purchasing American made vehicles along with strong border security measures.


Pay raises for immigration and customs enforcement and border patrol agents funding for the Golden Dome. And here's one I didn't mention. Trump savings accounts for newborn babies. Now I'd be interested to see how this one gets set up. But that Trump savings accounts for newborn babies includes a thousand dollars into an account that gets invested in the stock market for American newborns. Now how is this administered? How do they do this? I mean, I like the concept. I mean, If you just save money and then put it away in an index fund and watch it grow, that's wonderful news. In fact, social security would be a much better system if that's actually how it was saved. You know, you save the money and then invest it and then watch it grow.


So you have a retirement account waiting for you as you hit 65 and above. But here you have Trump savings accounts. This is for newborn babies and this is a part of the president's effort to stimulate more births in the United States to make it easier for people to have kids and to take care of them and to have them grow up and have a bit of a nest egg waiting for them. So that's one of the things that's in here. President Trump thanking Speaker Mike Johnson here as well on the house leadership. Thank you to every Republican who voted yes on this bill. It's time for our friends in the Senate to get to work and send this bill to my desk as soon as possible. No time to waste. He goes on. He points out. The Democrats have lost completely control of themselves. They're aimlessly wandering around, showing no confidence, grit, or determination.


They have forgotten their loss, their landside loss in the presidential election and we and are warped in the past. He says, hoping someday to revive those open borders for the world's criminals to come back into our country. Men to be able to play in women's sports and transgender for everybody. They don't realize that these things and so many more like them will never again happen from his lips to God's ears. I hope he is right about that. So the President is excited about this. Now let me get back to the spending cuts for a moment. One and a half trillion dollars over 10 years is not that much money. The fiscal hawks in the house, that's how they're being described. Were withholding their votes until they did vote on for this on final passage because they were convinced that more spending cuts are coming.


Now I see something interesting in Fox's coverage of all of this. This morning. They've got something up. Chip Roy is, is referenced here. Lemme pull up the chip Roy quote. 'cause I want you to see what this, this is about. Chip Roy is quoted here as one of the fiscal hawks leading GOP opposition to the bill. And he told Fox just after midnight on Thursday that he was not sure if the legislation went far enough, but he suggested the White House could persuade him with other avenues for change. Quote, there are things in the executive space, executive actions that we think could take care of some of our concerns on the Medicaid expansion. Roy said, okay, there are things in the executive space, executive actions that we think could take care of these spending cuts.


Okay, that's executive means President Trump, president Trump could initiate this. Now what does that look like? How could President Trump initiate this? And this got me thinking about a presidential power that we, you and I have talked about before, but needs to, that I wanna bring up again. Rescissions Rescissions, the president has a little used power where he can say, I don't want any of this money to be spent anymore. I think this spending's crazy. We don't need to spend it. And so what he can do is he can send a rescission request to Congress. And when he does, all it takes is a simple majority vote, including in the Senate in order to claw back all of that, spending a simple majority.


Now, Congress doesn't like to talk about this power because they don't really want the President to be involved in this. They don't want their spending to be pulled back. But what the president can do is he can prepare a package of spending cuts, send it to the Congress, and then they don't even need a 60 vote super majority in the Senate to pass this thing. That's a big deal. That's a real presidential power. And that brings me to something that Marjorie Taylor Greene has talked about on this subject. Take a look at this. This is just five days ago that Marjorie Taylor Greene brought this up and she said, don't shoot the messenger. I'm just gonna tell you what I've been told. She says, there's extreme frustration, rightfully so. And I agree not seeing Doge cuts being passed through Congress in the form of rescission bills.


That's where the President comes in. I have been told that White House Office of Management and Budget is now working with the House Appropriations Committee on a rescission package that we are supposed to see after we get done arguing with each other over this reconciliation. Bill Trump's big beautiful bill. Now, Marjorie Taylor Greene says, look, I'm still unsure why we aren't passing executive orders every week, meaning turning those executive orders into law. I was told we're waiting to get done with reconciliation and that a portion of them have already been drafted with input from the White House. In my opinion, we should walk and chew gum at the same time. She says, so here is something I want you to keep your eyes open for, because I think that, I think this is my suspicion about what happened this week.


President Trump had a behind closed doors meeting with the Congress earlier this week with the Republicans and said, get this done. Pass the big beautiful bill. And obviously having the President involved, it's just, there's an inherent threat to that politically. A guy like Chip Roy has to be like, look, I don't wanna be against the President. But that said, these members of Congress who are concerned about spending, and you should be in a world where we have $37 trillion in debt. The bond markets right now, have you seen what's happening into the bond markets this morning? They're freaking out a bit. They think that the debt is going up so meaningfully and spending is not being taken under control enough that there's a panic going on that Congress is never gonna get control of this.


Well, that is hopefully gonna be the inducement for President Trump to see that and say, I've gotta send a big spending cut package over to the Congress, rescissions Rescissions. And my guess is behind closed doors, one of the ways that President Trump convinced these members of Congress to get on board was, I'm going to be sending you Rescissions packages so we can put those cuts into law so we can get rid of this wasteful spending. That could be a really big deal. So keep your eyes open for Rescissions and If you don't see them, by the way, even if we don't see Rescissions packages, that's the kind of thing that we can encourage Congress and the President to do more spending cuts. Please. We beg of you, we beg of you.


President Trump has made it a feature of his, of all of his campaigns, cutting the debt, getting our fiscal house in order. And so one part of that, of course, is tax cuts because you stimulate economic investment and activity in the United States. That's a huge piece of it. Getting American energy going is a massive piece of it. By the way, congratulations to Memorial Day Travelers. Your gas bill for Memorial Day adjusted in real, in real dollars is as low as it's been since the beginning of the century. Did You know that Breitbart has an amazing report on that subject. This week, gas prices are coming down just in time for a big Memorial Day travel. This is wonderful news. And the president is battling it out with other countries to come up with trade deals.


So there's a, there's a lot going on economically to try and make this good for the United States of America. But getting the spending cuts done is essential. You want a, you want a country for your kids and your grandkids. You've gotta get our fiscal house in order. So again, I've been calling for this big, beautiful bill to get done because I, Republicans need to make a great case for why they deserve to get big wins in the midterms. Now that this is getting closer to the finish line, the Senate's gotta take it on. We still have to wait for the Senate. But now that this is getting closer to the finish line, once it gets across, spending cuts, rescissions and all these guys can work together to make it happen. And I tell, I'm telling you right now, Congress is trying to keep its head down and pretend like it doesn't know about this power and doesn't want you to know about this power.


But they have it. The President can send it. We get a simple majority vote. We call a lot of spending. It's a big, big deal. So keep that in mind as we move forward. Last thing I'll say. On Rescissions 2018, president Trump did send a huge rescissions package over to Congress. The Senate failed to pass it. The Senate failed to pass it. He didn't get enough votes there. All he needed was a simple majority and they screwed him over. Let's not let that happen again. Okay, I gotta thank our sponsors and then We got a lot of breaking news to get through today.


Hey, while we may have won this election to fight to restore our great nation, it's only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Patreon mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patreon mobile offers a real way to vote with your wallet without compromising on any quality or convenience. Patreon mobile's not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. You see, with Patriot Mobile, you get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. They really do. In fact, thanks to Patriot Mobile, I have two lines on my phone from two different major networks, which means I have coverage everywhere. I get data everywhere. It's great If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the difference. Every dollar you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US-based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, we, we've got some breaking news to get to with that. Our buddy Dan Bonino is all over. I don't think he slept at all last night because yesterday evening there was a murder outside two murders outside of the capital Jewish Museum in Washington, DC A young Israeli couple just shot dead outside of this Jewish museum in DC the victims Joran Lesinski and Sarah Lynn Milgram and a suspect has identified, been identified as Elias Rodriguez and has been taken into custody.


Now I wanna show you where this shooting took place. The shooting here took place right across the street from the Washington Field office here. If you're watching on our rumble.com/ VINCE video version of the podcast, you'll be able to see this here. This is the location right here is the Capital Jewish Museum. You can see there. And then right there is the Washington Field office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. They are right across the street from one another. That's where the murder takes place. The murders take place. So this is a brazen, brazen act of terrorism at the Capitol Jewish Museum.


And If you are looking for more evidence that it is terrorism look no further than the fact that the suspect was caught on camera as he was being taken into custody screaming free Palestine as a justification for why he just shot down two Jewish people in the streets of Washington DC. Take a look at this horrific moment as authorities take this guy into custody. Now this, this, this thing where you, where, where you get lefties who are walking up to people on the street and killing them at point blank range is becoming a deeply unfortunate trend in the United States.


And it's been justified by people at some of the highest levels of sort of left wing influence in the country. Remember Luigi Mangione, the guy who shot the healthcare executive health insurance executive. He's been celebrated, he's been lionized by the left, treated as some sort of hero by the left. And now you get another murder of this nature. And this guy, what we know about him right now, the daily male has a rap on this. He is a socialist. He is at are are you surprised? He is a a, a socialist figure. Elias Rodriguez, take a look at this.


Sup shooter. Elias Rodriguez is a super woke Chicago socialist, A BLM supporter with no prior criminal history here. The suspected pro-Palestinian gunman. Let's, let's do that differently. The antisemitic gunman who shot dead a young Jewish diplomatic couple in Washington DC has been unmasked as a left-wing radical. S Rodriguez, he's 30, he's from Chicago, he's a far left activist. He worked as a quote oral history researcher on African American communities at an educational nonprofit called The History Makers. He was a part of anti-capitalist demonstrations and he's been a member of the Socialism and Liberation Party.


And so this guy, full-blown lefty shooting dead people right in the middle of the street of, of Washington dc. Now lemme talk just generally about violence in Washington DC It wasn't that long ago that Ed Martin was the US attorney for the district, by the way. His office is right there, his office was right there, right near that museum. Ed Martin is the reason that violence dropped 25%. 25% in the District of Columbia. Tom Tillis blocked Ed Martin from keeping the job. So now we get a horrific act of violence on the streets of dc. I'm not saying it's a one-to-one, I'm not saying it's because Ed Martin's not there.


Just as Judge ne Pirro rather is now in the job. She, she seems well suited to handle it. But all I'm saying is If you care about stopping this kind of violence in DC you want a guy like Ed Martin in the post. Tom Tillis in his insanity blocked Ed Martin from keeping it. So this is, that's ludicrous that that happened. And now we get this. Now we get this attack on the streets of dc President Trump is attuned to this. This morning he posted to truth social that this was a horrific killing as you might imagine. Of course it is a horrific killing these horrible DC killings based obviously on antisemitism must end. He wrote Hatred and radicalism have no place in the USA condolences to the families of the victims.


So sad that such things as this can happen. God bless you. All the president's remarks well received by normal human beings. This couple is, is a beautiful couple that was gunned down the Israeli embassy shared images of them. Here they are. Here's the couple that the two of them were apparently set to be engaged as early as this coming week. Their boyfriend and girlfriend, they were just about to become engaged and now they've been robbed of their lives by a terrorist right in the streets of DC. And it is, it is just about as horrific as it can possibly get. I mentioned that Dan Bonino is all over this. He's been up all night dealing with this.


He was in the Washington Field office according to his own accounting of everything that went down. He's, he wrote this morning on X quote last night's act of terror has the full attention of your FBI. Targeted acts of antisemitic violence are typically carried out by spineless gutless cowards. The penalties will be harsh as we tighten up this investigation and run down any additional leads. I should have additional updates for you shortly as I head back to FBI headquarters. So we await more updates from the FBI and the form of Deputy Director Dan Bonino sharing those with us. Okay, here's what We got going on. We've got Senator Roger Marshall is gonna join us in just a moment. Fellas, can you let me know, is Roger Marshall standing by?


Will we have him in a moment? He is standing by. Okay, good. We'll get to him in just a moment. And then I want to bring you back to the scenes from the White House yesterday as the South African president arrived and he thought that he was just gonna negotiate some sort of deal where South Africa gets more money from the United States or something. That is not at all what he got. He got a very different experience yesterday as President Trump confronted him about the killing of white farmers going on in South Africa. An amazing scene playing out in the Oval Office yesterday. We'll, bringing some of the highlights here in just a moment. We'll get there. I gotta thank our sponsors who make all of this possible.


Thank you very much to Tax Network USA. Don't wait for the IRS to make the first move. If you've got unpaid taxes or unfiled returns, it's just a matter of time before the IRS starts circling. Ready to freeze your bank accounts, file liens, or even go after your wages. It's not something you can ignore. Take my advice. Call the experts at Tax Network USA. Nobody knows the IRS better. In fact, Tax Network USA is a preferred direct line. So You know, they know which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Whether you owe 10,000 bucks or $10 million even If you haven't filed in years. Tax Network USA has helped resolve over $1 billion in tax debt and they can help you too. It's not too late to get ahead of this call tax network USA now no obligation. Talk with one of their strategists and end your IRS problems for good. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/ VINCE Tax Network USA.


Also want to thank zipp nicotine toothpicks. ZIPPs is cool. I like zipp picks. Zippy brings you a totally satisfying, convenient, and great tasting way to curb your nicotine cravings. Now you can get your nicotine fix anytime, anywhere without even having to rely on smoking or vaping. It's literally a toothpick. ZIPPs toothpicks give you an easier, better, and more discreet way to get your fix. They're available in six great long lasting flavors. They've got options in two milligrams, three milligrams of nicotine and zipp pick's. Toothpicks are perfect for flights. How about that? Sporting events, restaurants, and literally everywhere else that smoking and vaping are banned. They're one of the most cost effective nicotine products on the market and they're proudly made in the USA Zipp also offers caffeine and B12 infused toothpicks, which I use if you're not a nicotine user or if you're trying to get away from your nicotine habit. Zipp are already helped. Tens of thousands of customers get their nicotine fixed without needing to inhale smoke or vape oils. Give your lungs a break. Try ZIPPs nicotine infuse toothpicks, ditch the cigarettes, ditch the vape and get some nicotine infused toothpicks@zippickstoothpicks.com Today Get 10% off your first order by using the code VINCE at checkout. Your lungs will be glad you did. Must be 21 or older to order warning. This product does contain nicotine. Nicotine isn't addictive chemical, zip more smoke glass with zip X nicotine toothpicks.


Alright, let's welcome to the program now, Senator Roger Marshall from Kansas. Sir, good to have you on the show. Thanks for stopping by today, VINCE. What a busy day up here. You should, you got all the ammunition. There's not enough time in the day to get all this on on your podcast today. I Know, I mean, and I know people in the, I think people in the chat can tell that I'm practically sprinting through the content today 'cause I'm trying to contain it all. Yeah. And the house this morning, Senator has passed the big beautiful bill, which means it's now up to the Senate to handle this thing in reconciliation. Give us your impressions this morning, your thoughts about this. Well, first of all, just a big shout out. Congratulations to Speaker Mike Johnson and President Trump.


I've been telling people all along, president Trump is the best closer in the history of politics, being able to finish a deal. So, You know, I, who would've thought they could have got this done? Now it's the job of the Senate to make this a better bill. And I think that the big opportunity probably is to address our national debt a little bit more specifically, the large, the, the biggest problem this country faces $36 trillion national debt that there's an opportunity to hear to, to cut some wasteful spending. Just look forward to the bill getting over. But we've been working on it, we've been working on this for months already and just can't wait to to put pen to, to pen to paper. Can You gimme any specifics on spending spending cuts? Like what would be different about the Senate version of the bill in the end?


Both of these bills need to be a match set obviously in order to pass, but what would be different in the Senate version? What kind of other spending cuts are you looking for? Look, I I think the, the big opportunity in this bill is to improve Medicaid, to strengthen Medicaid for those who need it the most. To make sure that we have Medicaid for those seniors that are in nursing homes, people with disabilities children. And to do that, we, we need to get rid of a few more loopholes. I I, I still think there's some opportunities and something called a provider tax that states are using to manipulate the reimbursement from the federal government. So we wanna preserve the best part of Medicaid, but there's still some more loopholes that we can, we can tighten up.


I still don't think they've radically taken care of all the illegal immigrants on Medicaid, especially when they get emergency medical cards. It'll be just one, one example. So I I, let me ask you about something I have a theory on And it, it's, it's an educated theory. 'cause I saw Marjorie Taylor Green post about it a couple days ago, which is Rescissions, okay. The president of the United States has a rescission power. He can just, for the audience's benefit, he takes this, he can decide that there's spending, he doesn't think we need. He can ask Congress, Hey, let's revoke that spending, let's not do that. And so in the Senate you can actually pass that with a simple majority vote. It's a huge power. It's an amazing power actually. Do you expect the president to send over some rescissions packages to cut some spending as the re after this is all over this, this big beautiful bill?


You know? Absolutely. So I, I don't think that's gonna be part of this package as, but we, this is one more reason we need to get this one big beautiful bill across the Senate in an efficient amount of time. But the precision packages are something definitely that we could save Americans some money. Right now, I'm not sure what the hold is, hold up is, but the White House has to initiate it. Yes. We we can't make 'em do it. So if we want, so one of the complaints I've seen is that, well the Doge cuts are not a part of the big beautiful bill. We're not codifying the Doge cuts. So, but it would be possible to codify the Doge cuts if he sends over a Rescissions package. Right. Certainly we could do it by itself as a rescission package. Again, just with the 50 votes from the Senate, I would suppose there were bits and pieces we could put part of this bill if we wanted to, but that's not what the president's requested.


I think we just need to give him a little bit of space here that they've got a plan and, and maybe there's some Supreme Court issues that they're battling in the background there. Okay. All right. Well I'm, I'm looking forward to, I I, I do agree with you. We need some spending cuts. It's unsustainable because I mean, even the bond markets this morning are panicking as they're looking at the passage of this house bill. 'cause they're saying, well, wait a second, Congress is not getting control of spending and, and things, I I think things can settle down. That may be an inducement for the president to send over a bigger request for cuts to try and stabilize this economy. Yeah. And and part of this is an going back to an appropriations process, really getting ahead of myself, but the way the government's funded is through 12 buckets of of money. There's 2,400 light items.


We are wanting to go through those line items one by one, go back to what's called zero based budgeting and determine just because you had this money last year, you had the money 10 years ago, why do you need this money now? And I think that specifically we can take those, the doge items and then affect that long term, not just for one year. I think that's where the real opportunity for do is, is to go back on the line items and say, look, let's just, let's just zero this out from here going forward because the rescission package would just impact this year's spending. Okay. Alright. What, what are you most excited about in this big beautiful Bill? Is there anything that stands out to you that you may go, man, that's great. Obviously extending the tax cuts is huge because that prevents a 22% tax hike on all Americans.


Anything else that you're, you're in love with right now? Yeah, So I, I think that the president's delivered on his promises. He secured the borders. Your family are safer now. This is Congress's term to help deliver for the president, for the American people. To your point, it's gonna give the, the, to make the Trump tax cuts permit is gonna save thousands of dollars for hardworking Americans. We really think this whole package together could save a family of $4,000 a month. So I think that's, that's serious money as well. Yeah. Funding the border security. And look, it's very expensive to remove these 400,000 violent, illegal criminal aliens in the country right now. So this is gonna give the president money all the money he needs for the next four years.


So we don't have to go back year after year and fight with Democrats for money to secure the border and get these illegal criminals out of this country. The house version of the bill increases the state and local tax deduction to $40,000. It's a four x increase. I think all of us know that, that state and local tax deduction, the higher it gets. It's just a big subsidy for out of control spending in blue states. You know, where do you think the salt deduction limit should be? What will the Senate end up with? Yeah, and I wanna put a number to that. I, this will cost $300 billion over the next 10 years. So this is a $300 billion giveaway to blue states who are not responsibly ran.


Look, we, we understand we'd also like to keep the house majority, right? Yeah. So that's the calculation for me is if we don't do this, will we lose the house majority? Look, there are no republican senators from assault state, so we think that this is a total boondoggle. Yeah. But we gotta find a dial that we can send it back to the house and get the right number. But it certainly has been a conversation, will be a conversation, but, but not as big as conversation as cutting spending overall. We spent an hour yesterday in, in the Senate Republican caucus talking about the national debt talking. What you just pointed out about is, is our, our treasury markets are going to heck that no one wants to buy our, our national debt.


So to me that's a small piece of the puzzle. That's a $300 billion issue. But the $36 trillion national debt is a huge, oh my gosh. Mammoth, mammoth issue. How serious do you think the president is about tackling the debt? Yeah, I, I think, I hate to ever speak, speak for the p the president, but I think he understands that this is a long-term problem. Yeah. I I think he tends to just say, Hey look, let's get this one big beautiful bill done. Yeah. Work on this process with appropriations. Rome wasn't built in a day, we didn't get here in a, in a date. But, but, but he'll have to be part of that conversation as well. Okay, let me move over. You're also a medical doctor, so I gotta ask you some questions about President Biden, the Biden presidency.


We, you and I have known for a long time that he wasn't with it. He just wasn't, he wasn't in shape to be president of the United States, but the full contours of that, all the lines are kind of being colored in. It was, it was even worse than I think people realized we're finding out that they were staging fake events. He was almost never actually doing the job. He had a couple people around him who seemed to be running the whole White House. Ed Martin, the former US attorney, now he's the head of the weaponization task force at the Justice Department. He said it was just a couple of top Biden officials, three of them in particular, Ron Klein, Anita Dunn, and Bob Bower. Those are both, those are all three Obama people. By the way, we're running the show at the White House. What do you make of all of this?


Doesn't it kind of seem like we should be looking back at all of the signatures that where, where Biden's name was affixed to documents and whether or not those are even legitimate from legislation to executive orders to pardons? Yeah, Absolutely. VINCE and I, I'm almost speechless just to think about all, all of this and, And it's been, but you and I are not surprised. I think most of your listeners are not surprised at this White House that Joe Biden, his family, the legacy media, have lied to us about everything. They lied to us about Hunter Biden's, laptop Russia, rush Russia, all things covid. They lied to us. So I, I think that's one reason that Donald Trump won is that they just didn't trust the White House. Look, I wouldn't wish cancer on anybody, but that's no excuse.


That does not hold Joe Biden, his family, the legacy media accountable. And I think that's what's important. We need to hold everybody accountable and, and sit here and say, look, this is the one more chapter on this cheap movie that you guys are writing. This, this type of cancer, this type of prostate cancer takes at least two years to metastasize to the bones and typically five to seven years. It is just this guy had access to the best medical care in the world. I just couldn't imagine that they weren't doing this PSA test since 2014. Yeah. That just doesn't make any sense to me. And then they break this news win. They may they break the news when this, her interview with President Biden comes out.


And If you didn't think Biden was mentally incompetent before then, then certainly you would now. And we've been seeing this type of thought, tangential thought process go on for years. Congressman Ronnie Jackson was the White House doctor for many years for Presidents Obama and Trump. And he told me, I didn't realize this. And I went back and I checked he was right about this in 2019. There was was a medical report for Biden that said he had an enlarged prostate 2019. So If you have a report of an enlarged prostate, wouldn't that be the kind of thing that a medical doctor would be attentive to, especially for the president of the United States with each passing exam. Right. So, so truly I understand after the age of 69, it's a little bit debatable whether you should have a PSA test done or not.


But I think when you're the president of the United States and we're worried about your health and especially you're, you're running for a second term, all the more reason you would do a PSA test, it, it just, none of it makes sense to me. It's just too coincidental that they wake to break the news when they did again, when the her report comes out when these, when these tell all books are coming. Yeah. It's just too coincidental. American, the American public is smarter than this. So, so what can be done about this? Because obviously, I mean, talking about how scandalized we are about it is, is one thing, You know, it's like, just be like, this is crap. I can't believe this happened that we saw it coming. That like it's ridiculous that the media is now pretending like they're just finding this out. That's all true. But it does strike me that for all the chatter about a constitutional crisis coming, if Trump somehow wins back the presidency, the reality is that we have learned that we, we have been in a full blown constitutional crisis.


If the president of the United States was an invalid, he's incapable of doing the job and other people were doing it for him, that's completely unconstitutional. Senator, shouldn't there be a way to address this? You know, so there, so there absolutely is. And there and there needs to be some type of hearings and investigations on it. One last point I wanna make though, VINCE, is that what my, the next chapter of this book is that Joe Biden's gonna be totally mentally incapacitated in six months and they're gonna say, oh, this is metastatic prostate cancer as as cognitive decline. And really it's the last chapter of Alzheimer's. So we'll come back and six months and see where we are. There's just so much oxygen up here VINCE, right now.


And I think that I certainly, I'm focused on the future, I'm focused on balancing the budget, but at the same time there's other committees and I think really the house traditionally has had the, the better retrospective reviews. What what Jamie can, can do over there is it is review committee and Jim Jordan can do as well. So they've gotta do their job. Yes, we can do it in our oversight committees as well, but I'm locked in on balancing the budget. I'm locked in on trying to save healthcare for this country. No, That makes sense. I just think that, You know, like in, in his final days as president of the United States, including while he was sitting at the inauguration of President Trump, his entire family was being pardoned by Autopen at that moment.


His, he, he had, You know, Anthony Fauci was being pardoned. Liz Cheney was being pardoned. It's like, it's the craziest thing. And now, so If you, if you're saying that he didn't even have a role in that, it does seem worthy of an intense examination about to what extent all of that was just completely invalid. Yeah, VINCE, that's just it. I haven't thought about that one for a while. But they were pardoned for crimes they have not been convicted of, which I think I I I'm not a constitutional lawyer. That sounds unconstitutional to me. It doesn't sound right. That needs to be litigated somehow, some way as, as well, let alone was the president mentally competent when he made those. And I I think that look, if this, if this was in front of the Supreme Court right now, it, it would not be a a nine zero decision.


Right. But you that's an incredible point to bring up again. Amazing. Alright, well Senator Roger Marshall, I know you'll be busy in the weeks ahead, score some of those spending cuts for us. Will you and, and thank you very much for joining me today. Thank You. All right. Good to talk to you, you, Senator Roger Marshall from Kansas with an update on what's going on in Congress that, that big beautiful bill making its way through the house. We await that now for the United States Senate. Additionally, they gotta get all that on board. And so we'll see, we'll see what happens there. The, the big story from yesterday that we need to tackle is the fact that the president of the United States welcomed the South African president to the White House.


And so this South African president got so much more than he bargained for. He thought that he was just gonna show up. His name is surreal Osa. He thought he was just gonna show up and negotiate somehow to get some more money out of the United States to figure out a trade deal that would be good for South Africa or something. Instead, you got a lot more than that. Check this out. This is a wild exchange in the Oval Office. One we haven't really seen since vdi. Vladimir Zelensky showed up and got and got his smack down here. Is the South African president getting his smack down yesterday? Cut one in the Oval Office starts here. Questions Please, Mr. President do welcome white African refugees here. Can you explain to Americans why it's appropriate to welcome white Africans here when other refugees like Afghans, Venezuelans, Haitians have all had their protective status?


Revok? Well this is a group NBC that is truly fake news. They ask a lot of questions in a very pointed way. They're not questions as statements. We've had tremendous complaints about Africa, about other countries too from people. They say there's a lot of bad things going on in Africa. And that's what we're gonna be discussing today. When you say we don't take others, all you have to do is take a look at the southern border. We let 21 million people come through our border And we led 21 million people. What an excellent point. So you're talking about 50 refugees from South Africa just arrived at Dulles International Airport about a week ago.


They show up. The left is panicking. The left hates the fact that South African refugees have shown up because they're white. They don't like white people, they don't want white people in the country. Refugees. That's crazy. We can't make white people refugees judging them based only on their skin color, not on the conditions in their country. Meanwhile, the president points out, hold up a second. 20 million illegals have poured into our country under the so-called refugee system. What do you think asylum claims are? When people pour into the country and they say, I have a credible fear, keep me here. They turn themselves into the border patrol and in the Biden administration would go, yeah, sure, stay in the country. We'll litigate your asylum claim over time to figure out whether or not you're a legitimate refugee.


And then nobody ever shows up to their asylum hearings. That's the way the left treats the refugee system a joke that's deserving of being defrauded. That's the way they treat it. President Trump treats it seriously. He looks at this and he goes, wait a second. There are farm murders going on in South Africa and there are farmers who are trying to escape that. And 50 of them just showed up at Dulles International Airport. And the president said, you're welcome in our country, you can be a refugee here. The left hates this. They hate this for the most disgusting, bigoted possible reason because of the skin color of the people who are being welcomed. That's it. That's the thing they hate. And it's really on display this week. So President Trump starts talking about this and then the South African president in cut two, he starts kind of trying to object.


Well wait a second, actually no, not really. It's not happening. And President Trump goes, well then let's take a look here. I brought some receipts with me. Here's some visual examples. President Trump rolls out a television cart with all of the evidence, like, like a classroom, rolling out an old episode of Bill Nye the Science Guy. And he shows it off right there in the Oval Office. Take a look. What Does it take from you for you to be convinced that there's no white genocide in South Africa? Well, I can answer that for President. It's for him. No, seriously. I'd rather have him in. Yeah, I don answer that. It'll be our president Will respond To you. Thank you Mr. President. It'll take President Trump listening to the voices of South Africa.


Some of whom are his good friends, like those who are here when we have talks between us or the quiet at a quiet table. He wants to get outta there. President Trump to listen to them. I'm not going to be repeating what I've been saying. I would say if there was a Africana Farmer genocide, I can bet you these three gentlemen would not be here, including my Minister of Agriculture. He would not be with me. Trump. You can see it on His face. See articles, please, If you would, and turn, excuse me, turn the lights down. Turn the lights down and just put this on. It's right behind you. Johan.


Turn the lights down. Parliament Can do with or without you. People are going to occupy land. We require no permission from you, from the president, from no one. We don't care. We can do whatever you want to do. Who are you to tell us whether can occupy land or not? Yeah. So then he starts playing the video of political leaders in South Africa, calling for the death of white farmers. In fact, because the camera wasn't turned towards it. I'll show you it here. Here's a a little bit of the video that everybody got to watch in the Oval Office. Cut three of, of a political leader in South Africa, a member of the parliament, a leader of the Communist Party there in South Africa saying, kill the boar.


Kill the farmer. That is kill the white guys. Take a look. The poor, the farmer, the poor, the farmer. Yeah. The stadium's full of people. And that's not the only one. There's a bunch of these videos that the president played back to back to back showing that he's got the evidence to support all of this. When are you going to stop it? At one point he was even showing images of crosses laid out to commemorate the deaths of thousands of people, farmers who have been killed in South Africa.


And yet what did the media do with all of this? Well, they pretended like President Trump just made it up that it wasn't real. Here's CNN In the wake of that stunning press conference, that stunning scene in the Oval Office cut for here's CNN saying everything you just saw was a lie. OSA brought his best diplomatic self to this meeting, but nothing could have prepared him for this multimedia ambush that President Trump laid out with multimedia ambush, with video with printed out news stories. This was a laundry list of debunked. This was a laundry list of debunked conspiracy theories. Some South Africans are, are telling me this is Afro Forum propaganda.


Afro Forum is a white African ina lobby group that's considered a white nationalist organization. There's videos, the Southern Poverty Law Center, everything. Almost everything that President Trump said in the Oval Office is not true, was inaccurate, has been repeatedly debunked. The farmer. Yeah, that's a, I can't believe they paid all of those black people to be involved in white nationalist propaganda. What a freaking lie from the CNN Goon. Oh yeah. It's white, white nationalist propaganda. What was that video we just watched? What was that? Was that white nationalist propaganda? Kill the boar.


Kill the farmer. Shoot the boar. Shoot the farm. Come on. And you heard who, who his sources were the Southern Poverty Law Center. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which is a left, left-wing hatchet operation, disgraceful, hatchet operation that doesn't actually care about human rights, is not interested in protecting people, has its own problems with bigotry and harassment inside of its own organization. The whole thing is so crazy, but CNN treats them like they're legitimate and they treat Trump who just showed actual evidence in the form of both articles and videos. They treat him like he's the crazy person that he's making it up.


It's pretty typical, isn't it? You know, in the room, the South African agriculture minister did relay, he was, he was in the room. CNN pretended like this didn't happen. He was in the room and he said, yeah, we do have a big problem with farmers being killed. Take a look here. That's cut five. Yeah, The fill in those people that we replace, those farmers. You know, I'd like my minister of agriculture who is white, who comes from, who is white proposition party to mine, who has joined my government and my invitation to address some this very issue, including the question that you've just raised.


John, thank You very much, Mr. President. Yeah. Mr. President, thank you for, welcome us to the White House. I would say we have a real safe property in, I don't think anyone wants to candy coat that. Yes. And it requires a lot of effort to get on top of it. It's gonna require more policing resources, it's gonna require different strategy to be able to deal with it. Yeah. So we have a rural violence problem going on in South Africa. Confirmation from the agriculture minister whose job it is to be vigilant on what's going on with the farms. Another piece on the farm thing, I should just really emphasize earlier this year that President Osa, who's sitting there in the Oval Office, signed into law legislation that allows the government to seize farms from farmers to, to grab the, to take the land from the farmers.


Now they say this is for the purpose of, well, they sometimes they use the word equality, but this is what, what? The left nose is equity. Well take it from a white guy and give it to somebody of a different color. This is equity. It's only fair. This is what's built in. It is not only built into the laws in South Africa, it's built into the constitution of South Africa. That racial prejudice is the only way to redress racial prejudice from the past. That's, that's the, the claim going on in South Africa. And it's why lefties here in the United States, they act like South Africa's the model. They love the South African model because they want racial prejudice here in everything in the United States. So President Trump's got everybody scrambling right now, and the crosses that I mentioned, the crosses that I mentioned, that the president showed on screen and he said, this is all of the farmers who have been killed.


I wanna show you something. This is from the Associated Press. They're off script on this subject right now, which is really funny. Really fitting. Here's an Associated Press photo for those of you watching rumble.com/ VINCE And it on the caption of the photo itself. First of all, the photo is of all of these white crosses laid out to show the deaths of white farmers in South Africa. And here the caption says, A view of crosses planted at the white cross monument. Each one marking a white farmer who has been killed in a farm murder is seen on a hillside in Iberg near Paule, South Africa, May 15th, 2025.


That would be seven days ago. And If you look in the image here, it's easily, well, you could say hundreds. I'm thinking thousands of crosses here. A view of crosses. Each one marking a white farmer who's been killed in a farm murder. That's the associated press. They're off script, baby. That's not where the media is today. The media are all accusing President Trump of making this up. The associated press. Somehow it got through to a caption that you've got horrific things going on in South Africa right now, and I want you, if you're gonna read any of these articles at all, You know, you don't have to, I don't, you don't. You don't have to do that. But when you do, what you'll notice is that all of the articles use all sorts of weasel language to describe what's going on in South Africa.


The other thing that they're doing a lot that you need to be on guard for is they keep saying things like, well, there's lots of people dying of farm murders, white and black, but the government doesn't provide breakdowns on the basis of race. Ipso facto, there's no way for Trump to know the actual data, so therefore there's no white genocide. That's the way they're treating this. Hold on a second. So you've got this horrific thing going on in South Africa and because the South African government, which should be stopping it isn't telling you the racial breakdown of the people who are dying. Then you take their word for it over Trumps. That makes zero sense whatsoever, zero sense whatsoever.


So keep your eyes on this today. The President doing some big things. That big, beautiful bill making its way through the house and onto the Senate. They wanna get this thing done by Independence Day. I really, really hope they do. All right, everybody, thank you as always for joining me on the show on this edition of VINCE. I am gonna be back in the home studio with Major Tomorrow. We got another big episode for you and I got a huge show coming up today on the radio show that's 12 to three eastern nationwide. You can check your local listings for that. That's the VINCE show.com or you can watch me rumble.com/ VINCE, another great day ahead. Hope you have a great one back with you tomorrow, Friday for VINCE 10:00 AM Eastern nationwide.