
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. Oh man. I'm holding something. I don't listen. I do. I even, I can't. I can't. It's driving me crazy because I don't want to be a tool about it. I say all the time on my radio show, my podcast. What's the worst part about this business? Unnecessary, stupid teasers coming soon. Bombshell. And then you get tired of it. But we got a really cool announce. It's not like a nuclear bomb thing. You probably figure it out. But the thing is, the format by which we're gonna do it is the first time we've ever tried this. We're gonna announce it on Monday.


It's gonna be really cool. So get ready. An announcement about an announcement about announcements. My favorite, maybe I'll do a locals video on Sunday. I just, I don't wanna say anything yet. And the only reason I'm holding it back is I wanna be sure don, don't change the time on me. So again, don don't wanna get crazy with it, but we've never done this. We're gonna do it live. We're gonna do it Live. Hat tip to Bill O'Reilly, my good friend, he loves me. We're gonna do it live. We're gonna, I wish it was he got that copyrighted. We'll do it live. A lot of risks doing it live, but we're gonna do it live. Anita, shoot me a text. I'll let them groin. So once I get some confirmation,


you heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every week. Go, get it now. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino.


Here's what I got for you today. Listen, I have been applying the Bonino rule. But. I. Have to break it a little bit. I have to break it a, well, I shouldn't say break it 'cause I'm not drawing any conclusions on it. But. I'm getting so many emails and it's such a serious thing that I'm gonna address it. And actually it is the Bonino rule because remember, you just don't draw conclusions. You can talk about stuff, but getting a lot of emails from people, and I mean a lot of people, staffers, politicians, listeners. Hey Dan, what is with this story about surface to air missiles being smuggled into the country, taken out the Trump plane? I'll tell you what I know. I'll tell you what I don't know and I'll stay within the limits of not putting 'em in more danger.


But I Promise. I'm gonna address it right at the beginning of the show 'cause it is a really, really big story. If true, stay tuned.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause we're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life. And our military veteran and first responder heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes today. Put America first. By switching to Patriot Mobile, you'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. That 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. So keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Here's the website. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now and you'll get a free month when you sign up using the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values have the same coverage. They don't share our values and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right fellas, let's go. So, I usually don't do this because I really don't feel the need to be first and it's what's led us to being the most popular live stream in the world because people know they can come here for truth. However, this is such a serious story. I'm gonna kind of get out in front of it right now because I got a text this morning from a very important person in our movement who was very concerned about this. It's been going around online and on social media that what we would call Sam's, it's not like Sam's Club. It surface to air missiles. Basically shoulder fired missiles that go from the ground and then take out a target in the air.


Whether a helicopter, a plane, whatever it may be. There is a story going around the internet for you, for those of you in the chat. 'cause I wanna make sure we're not crazy here. Have you guys heard this story? Just a quick yes or no because it's been, I've gotten so many emails, I'm actually a little overwhelmed. If I get 10 emails on a topic, it's a big deal. If you get a thousand, it's like people are going crazy. Okay? You've heard about it. Okay. A lot of, yeah, man pads, that kind of stuff. Okay, here's what I know so far. I'll tell you what I do know. Given my 12 year background and contacts, the surface to air missile threat to say Trump's plane. Air Force one, air Force two, any plane carrying a protectee is real.


It's been a threat for a long time. That's what I, what I also know is, thankfully it is extremely difficult. However, but not impossible, we clear. I don't want anyone to misconstrue what I'm saying. It is extremely difficult. However, not impossible to get your hands on a surface to air missile within the United States. It's not like buying a Saturday night special on the corner of, you know, Sutter Avenue in Pennsylvania in the seven five Precinct when I was a cop. It is really difficult. They are relatively tightly controlled within the United States. There are tons of them around the world. There are probably still some running around from the Afghan War with the Soviets.


I'm not saying it's impossible. Hear what I'm telling you. I'm just telling you it's really difficult. Now, having said the latter, that around the world these things are a lot easier to grab. What are the chances one was smuggled in folks? Here's what I know. My sources are telling me that they've, this threat has been a threat for a really long time. That basically the story, I don't wanna say it doesn't change anything because that sounds like they don't care. They do care. But the things they've been doing to mitigate it, they've been doing forever. Now that makes me a little bit worried. Why? Because the Secret service in the past, ladies and gentlemen, has been way behind on technology.


You're seeing it now with the drone story. I'll go into it on Monday. But Susan Crabtree has another banger story at real clear about the secret services resistance to drone programs. Here's the issue. This am I, am I, am I talking too much about this? 'cause I'm, I'm, no, this is, okay. The military, I'm not gonna say too much, but I'm gonna say enough that you understand the, the depth of the problem. The military handles the security around Air Force One and Air Force two. Okay? So Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, I believe are as safe as they can be against the surface to air missile threat. I didn't say safe, I said safe as can be. Again, I don't want any of my words misconstrued.


The problem we have with Donald Trump right now is, and I'm telling you what I don't know, I don't know the level of security surrounding his aircraft or not. I don't know. They're saying now that they're gonna build him up to a presidential level of security. If the threat is as real as they say it is, assuming these weapons were smuggled in. That's a big assumption. I don't know that. I'm just saying it's an internet rumor. But it doesn't mean it's not true. I'm just telling you, I'm not sure that they can acquire that level of technology that fast because it's the military, you hear me, the military, not the secret service that provides a lot of the countermeasures on these aircraft.


And it's going to be very difficult to buzz in the military because Donald Trump's not the sitting president, especially with 40 days to go my conclusion. So I don't leave this dangling and talking, you know, ridiculous, high, high level words. Whatever. It's a real threat. I'm worried he should be worried. And the secret service in the military better be taken this seriously because say it's a 99% chance, it's a rumor. What does that mean? That means there's a 1% chance it's not.


And the Secret Service doesn't get paid to think about the 99%. It gets paid to think about the 1% chance that this is gonna happen as a 1% chance a guy's gonna go sit by the fence line and try to shoot us with an SKS with a scope. Yeah, that happened. There's a number of other stories that broke yesterday about Donald Trump, the campaign, his protection and everything. So if we adequately dressed the surface to air missile threat conclusions, yes, very real. No, I'm not confident they have a mitigation measure, especially at this level of the game because it would involve the military, not the Secret Service.


And I'm not sure the Secret Service is ready for this. Done. Another story that came out yesterday. Really bad story. Apparently some of the reporting of Senator Josh Hawley is correct, even though Secret Service Management objected to it. There's a story in CBS. Just can you put up just a headline and I'm gonna go back to it in a second. Would you mind? I know I, I'm doing a little outta order. But there's a story out that the Secret service is now don don't wanna use the term interfering But I think it's an appropriate term now interfering with the Trump's campaign schedule. Secret. Service staffing shortage prompts. Trump campaign to move Wisconsin rally. Folks, I'm gonna get back to this in a second.


This is ridiculous. The Secret Service in a $7 trillion, government has the biggest job they have triaging their needs is what? Keep this guy alive. It's not, tell him where he can hold his rallies. What kind of bullshit is this? Have I not been warning you about this? How incompetent management. Not just now. I don't wanna, for as much as I dislike the management now, not personally, but professionally, I'm gonna tell you something. They're bad period. I want them gone. It is not only their fault, it's not. They were left a shit sandwich by 30 freaking years of mismanagement. I know because I was there.


I started there in 1999. Ladies and gentlemen, they're saying now that Donald Trump can't hold a Wisconsin rally. If this reporting is accurate, I mean it is CBS. But assuming it's true, I have no reason to believe it's not. Don't hold it outside. You gotta hold it inside. We can't secure your life because we have a manpower problem. I did the Secret Service. A really simple, really simple favor here. The Secret Service is saying, Hey, the United Nations General Assembly is going on and we got this presidential campaign. We don't have the manpower. So I did this little trick. Gee, did you know where I was going? Where I sent this to you this morning on the show prep? Did you have any idea? I have an idea. You had an idea too. Sure he knows me well.


Okay, so I went to Google. The only reason I went to SRU Gal as a search engine. The only reason is so the left can't accuse me of bias. Okay? I put in this in the interweb. When does UNGA start? This is a screenshot of my phone folks. So you don't think I'm messing with you? I made sure to spell everything right. UNGA is the United Nations General Assembly. For those who don't know, it happens every single year. And this is interesting. It comes right up September of 2024. How do we know that? Because it happens every freaking year in September of 20, 24, 23, 22, 25, 28, 37, 78, 140 2,600.


It doesn't matter. It happens every year. Screws up. Thank you. Even Gee knows this. He's not even a secret service agent. Everybody in New York who's been to New York, who's visited New York knows do not go to Manhattan when UNGA is going on in September of 2024. So the entire cosmos and every planet on Earth knows that this UNGA and the world leaders are coming to Manhattan every single year. And it's secret service gonna have to staff it. So the Secret Service can't say we didn't know. Then I tried something else. I said, nah, don don't know. Maybe they just didn't know about the presidential election. I mean, folks, it happens.


People you know. Woo shit. It goes over people's heads. So here's a screenshot of my phone here. When is the next presidential election? You'll see it got a little cutoff. I hope I spelled everything right. Check twice, check it, check it twice. Holy shit. Look at that. It says 2024 US elections. It even gives you a date. Gee, this is crazy. Tuesday, November 5th, it's like it's the first Tuesday or something like that. Jim, have you heard this before? It's weird. It's almost like it happens in November. Every actually two years, but presidential elections every four years. So the Secret Service is known about this since the actual start of the United States over 200 years ago.


So they've known about UNGA and they've known about the President National Election and now they're saying we can't support security for a presidential election because hey man, we just like didn't know or something. No, they're not saying that. Right Back to the CBS piece. Gee, if you would, for your boy here, CBS News, Secret Service staffing shortage prompts, Trump campaign to move Wisconsin rally. They said they were shorthanded due to the ongoing annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly in New York. Totally caught 'em by surprise folks. The Secret Service is responsible for providing security for foreign dignitaries while they're in the United States. So just to be clear, the Secret Service, which does not wanna give up security for foreign dignitaries, is now securing the Prime Minister of Ghana, the president of Pakistan and everyone else, while telling Donald Trump in the most important election of our lifetime.


Hey bro, I'm not really sure you can do your rallies where you'd like because we have to pick an alternate location 'cause we don't have enough people. The Prime Minister of Deja booty has taken some of your details. That's a place, by the way, you can look it up. Does other country do that? By the way? What? Protect everyone? No, no. Gee has a really important question. Does any other country on earth prioritize foreign dignitaries over their own head of state? The answer is not my experience. Hell to the no. The Switzerland does. No, don't forget. No. He protected the Iranians. We, yes, Michael brings up a great point. What? The Iranian vice presidents in country.


we got him protected. Now I got another screenshot from this piece. Here's what makes this even worse. You have an agency out there called the Diplomatic Security Service. The DSS folks, look it up. I don't make anything up. Okay? It exists. It's real. They work for the State Department. These are extremely competent security professionals. Their advanced work is almost the same as the Secret Service. Okay? There is absolutely no reason you can't farm some money over to them and some manpower and have them take over heads of state while we do this crazy thing like keep the presidential line of succession alive, president, vice president, maybe we take over protection for the next two and then presidential candidates.


But because we have the government running the Secret Service, what happens? They go, holy shit. The United Nations General Assembly, man, when's that happening? I don't know. Someone should try skal you. Is it an allergy time? Permission for an analogy. Thank you. Your show. Yeah though it's my show. We have to throw that in there with an asterisk. So you run a here patch company. Tulsa Police Department, huge shout out. Love Tulsa was there with Tucker, right? They gave me this patch from their special operations team. Pretty badass. Cobra, right? So you make these patches. Imagine the Tulsa Police Department has a big hiring spree of SOD people coming up.


They're hiring a thousand people or whatever it is. The patch company's be like, holy shit, we're gonna need some new patches. Imagine they've known about this for a year. It's in the paper and everything. And then the patch company the last day goes, man, don don't know what happened. We don't have enough people to make your patches. You've known about it for a year. What do you think would happen to Tulsa police department's patch company? They get a new patch company because it's the government. What happens? The answer is Jack and shit happens. Everybody goes, don don't know man. We're so surprised. Here's an actual quote from the piece in CBS Secret Services. Our personnel and equipment are being pushed to the limits to sustain the current operational tempo.


The official said the proposed Trump Wisconsin event also took place during the United Nations General Assembly where the Secret Service is responsible for the safety and security of over 140 world leaders. Amid a challenge. Global threat level. This is, I'm sorry, so funny, I don't know what to do, but laugh. We're being pushed to the limit. Our personnel and equipment. Again, here's another analogy for you. You run Joey Bagga Donut's car company and you need to produce a hundred thousand cars. Your workers are exhausted pushing 50. Here's what they do. Everybody in the chat any idea they, they hire new workers and develop a new assembly line.


It only happens everywhere on earth. The government is known about the presidential election and unga the Secret service for I kid you not I, I'll be nice at least 20 years since I was there. I'm telling you right now, folks, someone else is going to get killed. You have absolutely incompetent people running this place and I, I'm also telling you, they see no problem with anything they've done zero on Monday. I'm gonna go into Susan's piece about the drone program. You are gonna sit there with your jaw on the floor. I hate tease this. So how, what The Secret Service went through filing bullshit allegations against guys to stop a drone program.


Why would they wanna stop it? Because that's what they do. They don't want any new technology. They don't do shit until something happens. That's why. And nothing is gonna change. And by the way, this little event, I'm kind of teasing that I'll announce on Monday. It's gonna be my first question. 'cause if we don't fix this, someone else is gonna die. There was a hearing yesterday up on Capitol Hill. There was only one nugget I found. Did you guys get that thing with the Butler guy talking that I asked you to pull that video By the way, I don, I should asked you before the show The Butler ESU guy where there was some confusion about it. Okay, good. It looks like you got it there.


There was only one big takeaway from the hearing yesterday. Honestly, folks, everything else you've already heard, it doesn't make any sense for me to re-litigate the same things over and over again. But I've got two quick clips from it. 'cause there is some confusion still about who shot crooks. Now this is kind of a big deal and I think the reason we still don't have a real answer over who shot crooks first, I should say, is more political than anything else. Let me take a quick break. I'll get to that. And we got a lot more. I got the whole bunch of stuff. Kamala Harris now absolutely going full Teddy ruxbin too.


Then SU's got a new movie out. You hear about it. If you haven't seen the trailer, it looks amazing. vindicating trump.com. The movie's called Vindicating Trump and explains the reasons the left and the Democrats hate Trump so much. The films show you that they, they call him a tyrannical dictator 'cause they know Trump is the one Republican that can stop him. They gotta stop him first. See vindicating Trump and learn how Trump's not only a successful businessman who rebuilt the New York skyline, he's also a cultural icon who can mobilize the people against the radical left's, anti-American agenda in vindicating Trump. See how Trump fought the authoritarian regime in Washington and got things done for the American people? The film highlights how they tried to bankrupt him with lawsuits and jail, with indictments. There's even multiple assassination attempts on his life. This is crazy that we have to, gee, you're reading this right? We have to actually update this. This reads here. There was even an assassination attempt. There were even multiples. But Trump's unstoppable vindicating. Trump reveals Trump is the one man who can stop the radical left from destroying what's unique and good about America. That's why we need his leadership now more than ever. Don't miss Dinesh's new movie. It's an unqualified defense of Trump opening in theater. September 27th. There you go. That I believe that is today. Get your tickets online@vindicatingtrump.com. That's vindicating trump.com. Get your tickets today. Vindicating trump.com. Rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13.


Okay, I listened to the hearing yesterday. I want to thank Eli Crane for citing some of my work on this. He's a congressman. I really appreciated a ton of special, special operations experience in the military and a generally A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A, excuse me. A really, really good solid guy with a good character. I met him in person, super nice, the theory and confirmed most of what we already know. But there's one exception who shot crooks? The assassin in Butler first. And why don't we have an answer? Check out this video where there seems to be some, we were told the secret service hit him first. Why are we getting conflicting accounts of this still?


This should not be hard to figure out. Really simple analysis. Check this out. Commander Linz, you mentioned that the local law enforcement activity fired the first shot. Is that correct? That that I maybe hit the, or you mentioned maybe that he withdrew. What do you think he was hit or or do you think he just sort of duck because he was taking incoming fire in speaking with the officer that fired that shot. He's very confident that his round was on target and the way he described him, it wasn't a dock. Is the doctor still available and online? Yes, they had it's, were there, were there two bullet wounds in this individual or just one the headshot?


No, it was just the one. Okay. I I just found it interesting that when we were briefed by the FBI, we didn't get told about that shot taken by the local guys. Thank you. You guys did a good job. Sometimes I send stuff out don don't know if it's gonna make it a show or not. Folks, that is really bizarre and I'm gonna tell you what I think is going on. This should not be hard to figure out. A basic autopsy of crook's body should show if he was hit once or twice. That's why I left the, the autopsy doctor and at the end who says no, he was only hit once. So why is there some kind of a, an issue here about who hit the guy first? Well, the answer is pretty simple.


I already told you a couple weeks ago, the Secret Service counter Sniper team are the ones that killed crook. I believe the round went through the chin and the shoulder. But the reason the first tactical officer believes he hit crooks because he saw him jump, is because what I've been told from a reliable source, believe me, there are a lot of unreliable bullshitters out there and I've sifted through all of them is the local officer who's a hero, by the way. A hundred percent. Whether he hit him or not doesn't matter because he's, he's the one who stopped crooks. The Secret Service killed him.


But the local, in my mind, from what I've been heard, from what I've, I've been told, absolutely stopped him. He apparently hit the butt of the rifle, which was enough to obviously stop crooks from citing in anymore on Donald Trump and to shock him. So the locals are the one who actually stopped it. This is insane folks. But one of the reasons I believe this is still up in the air about who did it is even though the Secret Service counter sniper who acted heroically, folks, it's not his fault he was given like five minutes to view the site at all. The guy hit an amazing shot. I'm telling you, there are people who did stuff wrong and I've called them out. The CS guy is not one of them.


The Secret Service I don't think wants to admit that they weren't the ones who stopped crooks, that it was probably the local guy. That's why there's this confusion. They could clear this up. They just don't want to. The doctor did. However, the doctor's got no dog in a fight. He's saying he was hit once. He likely hit the rifle and the secrecy around it again is not helping folks. Here's one more cut from yesterday. This is, this is Pat Fallon and a a, a different, this is him in an interview, Congressman Pat Fallon with, and I'm gonna move on after this. I know some of you like this story. I I just don't want Donald Trump to die.


Some of you get tired of it. But yesterday was a big day Congressman Pat Fallon with the best description yet of this debacle. It's not just that they didn't stay off the building, it's that they didn't block the line of sight. They had no drone. As I've said to you over and over, I'm telling you, you're asking the wrong question when you ask is this intentional Layered Incompetence is intent. You get drunk and you hit someone at three o'clock in the morning going 90 on a 30 mile an hour street. It doesn't matter if you intended to kill them. It's assumed when they put the handcuffs on the Secret Service made so many unbelievably stupid decisions that the intent has to be assumed.


Watch this today With an Iranian threat still against President Trump. That the Secret Service is prepared for the next 40 days. Kaylee? Absolutely not quite frankly. I mean when you look at Butler, there were nine different ways in which they could have mitigated the threat that the A GR building presented. They could have had somebody on the water tower, they could have flown drones, they could have put a camera on the roof. They could have put law enforcement on the roof. They could have surrounded the A GR building with local law enforcement. They didn't do that. They could have cleared the entire A GR complex. They could have had better communications. They could have done walkthroughs with local law enforcement and they could had one command post. None of those things were done. That is so egregious. That is such an epic historic failure. And then to have just a, a, a month or so later another serious threat on President Trump's life, it is absolutely absurd.


We're living in the, it's a world of the bizarre Staff. The building. Clear the building, block the line of sight, get a drone, put it in the secure perimeter staff, the entry points to the building. I mean there, put a post on top, have it covered by a CS if they would. Layered Incompetence is intent. Folks, the reason I bring this up is not because I'm busting your rocks, okay? The in did they intend to do, the answer is yes because they made so many ridiculous unexplainable decisions As security professionals, the intent is assumed. If you are sitting back and waiting to answer the intent question.


This is why it bothers me for an email from someone in the Secret Service going to the FBI. We're gonna get Donald Trump killed. I promise you, you're never gonna find it. Okay? You're just not gonna find it. It would've already been disappeared. Don't wait for that Layered Incompetence is intent period. Speaking of guns and secrecy, by the way, I mean the most unintentional segue ever. But we're talking about who shot the guy and the secrecy around it folks. Is Kamala Harris bullshitting you? Yet again?


Kamala Harris is the single worst candidate I have ever seen run for office at the presidential level. I say that with the purest of hearts. I'm not a Kamala fan. We get it good. Obviously I have never seen someone with fewer skills. What are the things that would be the good hallmark for a national candidate commander in chief and leader of the world's biggest economy? Right? Leadership, social iq, aptitude achievement. She has one of these. She has the achievement thing. She was a US senator and she has a law degree. And those are facts. I mean, aptitude, zero social iq, the worst I've ever seen.


I've never seen a cringey or candidate who turns off so many people. Actual iq, very low leadership ability, horrendous resume, eh, at best private sector resume zero. She is awful. So she lies about everything and it's cringey. So she keeps telling people this story about owning a gun. How she's a gun owner, despite being the most anti-gun candidate to ever run for President Corin. Jean Pierre was asked about this yesterday. Her answer's very telling. I go, I guarantee you Kamala Harris is bullshitting you again. I'll play the video for you.


Last break of the show coming. You're gonna like this because she just, again, she can't, the woman can't answer a question, folks. I think they're in real trouble right now.


Hey, field of Greens, it's been said that we all have two ages, our true age and our biological age. A biological age suggests how healthy or unhealthy we are inside. You want your bio age years younger than your true age. Let me tell you how Field of Greens is helping me do that. I take it twice a day. It's an organic super food. It's a fruit and vegetable powder you mix in. I put it in green tea. Sometimes I put it in a little juice, unlike any other. It's serious. Nutrition Field of Greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your body's biological age. That generally means better health. Every fruit and vegetable and field of greens was selected by their doctors to help support vital body functions. Hi, heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. Only Field of Greens is backed by a better health promise. How's that for you? Your next physical? I bet your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition like me or your money back. I showed you my blood work. I'm not aking it man. Join me in better health with 15% off in free shipping. Visit BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan and use promo code Dan. That's promo code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash Dan


And our last sponsor today, Omaha Steaks just had one, just had one of their burgers. I mashed it up into a salad. Absolutely delicious. It's tailgating season. Cookout season two with a lot more grilling left in the season. The experts at Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Summer with 50% off Sitewide during their Labor Day sale. Plus, you'll get an extra $20 off with my promo code bonino for five generations. Omaha Steaks has brought you endless flavor, endless variety and endless value with premium proteins that are sure to satisfy. And it doesn't stop there. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious sides, and of course decadent desserts. To sweeten the deal of food is delicious. Whether you're having a cookout or getting fired up for tailgating, savor Omaha Steaks with 50% off Sitewide during Omaha Steaks Labor Day Sale. Shop today at Omaha Steaks dot com and get an extra $20 off when you use promo code bonino at checkout. That's a huge savings. Every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee and the Dan Bonino g I'm telling you, the food's amazing minimum and g gee love gee steals the burgers all the time. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for the tails. Thanks Omaha Steaks.


Alright, getting back to the show. So folks, Kamala Harris is an awful candidate. She is lying about this owning a gun story, I'm sure of it because now she was asked very specific questions in the White House briefing room by a shocking act of random journalism. Someone said, well what kind of gun is it? Well, how'd she get it? Because when she was living in these areas where she was the attorney general and the da, it's really interesting. She was the one pushing to have all these guns removed from people's homes. So how did she get it? Watch Kareem Jean Pierre, who is the worst press secretary in in the history of Cynthia and human beings. Just completely duck the question because she's bullshitting you again, check this out.


What kind of gun does the vice president have and when did she I that's something for her office to speak to. The reason I'm asking is because you have this event today, but the VP as district attorney sponsored proposition H in 2005 would've banned handguns within San Francisco City limits and required that residents turn in the handguns that they already own by a certain deadline or face mandatory jail time. But she's out on the campaign trail now saying that she's a proud gun owner and is not gonna take away her guns. So can the White House get us an answer on that? 'cause she hasn't, and her, her campaign officials also haven't answered that question. Even on television. Look, A couple of things here when it comes to the VP and and owning a gun, she can speak for herself.


The campaign could speak for that. Her office can speak for that. I'm not that. That's for for them to speak to Folks. You can't answer the question because there's no answer to give other than she's lying about that too. You, you have to start to ask yourself who is the bigger autobiographical nightmare? Joe Biden who was raised in the Hispanic community, black community, Jewish community, had oil slicks on his window, got arrested, going to see Mandela, was a trucker, was a Letterman in football, finished at the top of his class, was the top law student in his school who traveled 42 million miles with on the Tibetan Plateau with Xi Jinping.


I'm starting to, what's that? Yeah, we do. He said we do. We do kind of Miss Biden's stories a little bit. But you are starting to wonder who's worse. Kamala Harris. I worked in McDonald's. Eh, that doesn't seem likely I'm a gun owner. Eh? It doesn't seem likely either. I grew up in a middle class community. We know that's bullshit. Everything she says is shit. She's just making this stuff up and suckers like, yeah man. Yeah, but you're a gut owner. She ask her anything about I, I dare any reporter go, what is it a 5, 5, 6? I said, what is it Daniel Defense? Is it a Henry? Is that right? She has no idea.


She's making this up then I love the other one. Trying to be tough. If you come in my house, you're gonna get, yeah you will. Probably by the secret servants, not by you. You don't have a gun. The reviews are in. By the way, here are some New York Times quotes. New York Times. Don't accuse me of right wing bias. Here are New York Times quotes about Kamala Harris's dreadful one-on-one interview with M-S-N-B-C and Opinion host Stacey Rule and big Kamala supporter quote elicited few details, roundabout responses that did not provide a substantive answer. A hard hitting Harris interview is still yet to come.


Ladies and gentlemen, you are voting for a ghost. You are voting for goer the Ghost Arian. If you support Kamala Harris, go watch Ghostbusters. Watch the end and you'll see what I mean. The demon goer is anything you think he is. That's why he shows up as the state puff marshmallow man. 'cause Ray can't get the stupid state puff marshmallow man out of his head. That's Kamala Harris. She's anything you want her to be. Meaning when she gets into office, the worst possible inclinations the left has, they are gonna push onto her unrealized capital gains tax, massive taxation, stock market crashing, open borders voter fraud everywhere.


Every single nightmare you had is about to come true. If this crazy person gets elected, here's what, here's a Friday. So I gotta give you some good stuff. you know, they are starting to call out a lot of this on the left, the New York Times and elsewhere. Why? Now I'm, I'm just gonna read the chat here. I know a lot of you in the chat are probably thinking what I'm thinking, right? You're probably thinking, well why is all of a sudden the media starting to do like media and journalism? They're not folks, they're not. This has nothing to do with journalism. I assure you all this is, all this is is the left is realizing right now they probably got Kamala Harris's internal polls. They're probably starting to leak out.


They are terrible. She is hemorrhaging votes with black male voters, Hispanics and younger voters. Do you understand? There is no math for her to win. If she does not absolutely route Donald Trump. I'm not telling you we can't lose. We can lose. We can most definitely lose this race. I'm just saying to you, be realistic. She is. This woman is in a world of trouble right now and this Brightbart article sums up another problem she has. I've been telling you for probably what don don't know long as this since I started the podcast. 'cause Joe Biden was the vice president when Obama was in office and I started the show.


Joe Biden, listen to me please. Zone in is a sociopathic narcissist. I mean clinical Joe Biden believes he is the most transformative, powerful figure in politics of the last 50 years. Folks, I saw it in the White House. Please record this, put it out on social media. I'm telling you it's true. Joe Biden walks in a room, everyone in the room thinks Joe Biden is a moron except one person. Joe Biden. He is a lunatic. He has this unbelievable, he's the smartest person in the room. Just ask him. Everybody around him knows it. Don't say you don't.


Lefty's watching the show. You've seen it. His campaign right now, he's running essentially his own campaign. He's gonna bounce around the country now telling people how wonderful his presidency was is annihilating Kamala Harris. Because now they're being reminded that Kamala Harris was part of all this inflation, the border, the global turmoil. Now he says this the other day and I am hearing that Kamala Harris campaign is absolutely crap in their diapers. They need mama to change in Breitbart. Joe Biden says he is delegated everything to Kamala Harris foreign policy to domestic policy. This is killing him. This is killing him. Right now the Harris campaign is trying to run as a change agent from themselves while Joe Biden saying she can't change it.


It's her stuff. Look, she did it. Listen to me please. They are begging him. The Democrats, Pelosi, all of them. Please, Joe, shut the mm up. Just shut up. we got the, is it bad enough? Sure the answer is it's getting there. Are we there yet? I don't know. But it's getting there and nobody wants to be reminded of the last four years. And Joe Biden who is a a clinical narcissist, cannot shut up. He's running around the country telling everyone how fantastic everything is when everybody knows it sucks.


I tweeted to Mark Cuban the morning, the Shark Tank guy this morning. Cuban tweeting out how the crime stuff is. All Fanta crime is that This is the Kamala Harris strategy. Pretend nothing Joe Biden did is happening. Crime the border and the economy inflation. Pretend you weren't a vice president and try to get Joe Biden to shut up when he says no, you did everything with him. The left knows they've got a problem. Don't pretend they don't. I'm not telling you Republicans don't have a problem too. We do the Senate races. We are in some trouble. Okay? They've got a problem too. Here's Jake Tapper on CNN who basically calls BS on Po Pelosi. 'cause I think he senses there's an issue too.


And he realizes Kamala is in trouble if she doesn't actually start answering a freaking question. 'cause everybody's gonna start painting him with the Joe Biden brush. Watch this. Do You think she needs to be presenting more meat on the bones of, I get that she's from a middle class family, it's great. And I get that she feels people's pains. Great. But what about like, here are the five things I'm gonna do directly for you. Does she be need to be doing more of that? Well, She'll be doing some of that tomorrow once she'll put forth her economic plan. But people like to have a connection to whoever is running for that. They share their experience, that they understand their lives. And I think that's what she is establishing.


Nobody understands in the Kamala Harris campaign, your life, ladies and gentlemen, let me ask you a question. You ready questions are always better than assertions. Who of you out there never had a real professional job dated Montel Williams had, at a minimum a relationship with a powerful power broker in California. Politics leveraged that relationship at a minimum. And I'm being nice to then gain multiple political positions. Had a political party clear the way for you for a senate race, and then ran for president on your own and got absolutely destroyed and didn't make it in.


And then had a a, a president, a president, excuse me, a presidential nominee pick you for DEI reasons. He said, not me don. Don't know why they're not proud of it. He said it. He said he was picking his vice presidential candidate. Presidential candidate. Not according to merit, but according to these characteristics. Go look it up. You don't have to ask me. How many of you can relate to that? The answer is nobody. She is totally unrelatable. Totally unrelatable. Nobody can relate to any of that. You think the electrician out, there's been building his business for 20 years. If he makes one mistake, a house Byrna down and and he winds up getting sued.


You think the electrician can relate to this? He never had a political benefactor like Willie Brown or Obama helping out. He never got to run for office with a bunch of powerful insiders helping him. The hell are you? He never dated Montel Williams. Folks, this shit happened. You can look it up. Oh my gosh, it's insulting. What's insulting? It happened. It's not my fault she made these decisions. You think America American people can relate to this. She is totally, completely unrelatable and her surrogates are unrelatable too. They are totally full of shit.


The surrogates are embarrassing. Mark Cuban this morning. Oh, crime, no problem. Crime. Basically saying, here's these crime numbers from the FBI. How many times do we have to tell you those are not an accurate data set of what the crime situation in the United States looks like. I can't debunk this anymore. I'm done. Mark Cuban pretends to be a smart guy. He can look up the NCVS. He just doesn't want to. He just doesn't want to. Here's Jennifer Granholm, a Biden cabinet member by the way out there trying to do the surrogate thing again for Kamala with one of the single dumbest media appearances you'll see in this cycle. Kamala Harris's. Now media surrogates are leaking to the press.


She supports a border wall. So she's asked a simple question. Don't you guys said the wall was racist? And grandmom's like, well we support the wall, but like different wall things like technology wall. Really technology like a wall because that's pretty good technology that's been used like since fire and the wheel and they still work. Watch this. Harris Previously called Donald Trump's wall project, a complete waste of taxpayer money that won't make us any safer. Where does she stand on the wall? She wants to make sure that the border is secure and there are lots of measures to be able to do that. And the funding is necessary to make that happen. Whether it's using technology, there may be provisions where she needs, but his version of the wall was ridiculous.


She wants to do it in a way that actually has impact and actually slows illegal immigration while making sure it's done in a sensitive way. So, you know, the bottom line is he is utterly hypocritical about it and she will definitely point that out. What, what was that? What the hell kind of bullshit word salad was that Donald Trump's version of the wall, which was do folks, do you know what his version of the wall was? A wall. What version of a wall is there? It's a wall. It's like what version of the wheel? Wheel 2.0. It's a fucking wheel man.


What version of the fulcrum are we? I mean these are no did ge said it right? Trump's wall, a physical obstruction to entering the country is definitely the racist version. Why? Because she says like technology or something. I don't know, like the technology they were gonna employ on Trump's wall, cameras, motion detectors, that kind of stuff. Drilling down deep anti-climb features. Like you understand these people are talking to a bunch of freaking numb nuts liberals who will believe anything they're told. He just said the liberal's like, yeah man, our wall's different.


It's not iff you were dealing with the dumbest on earth. They are so stupid. It is hard to get your arms around. They host. Why didn't they ask a simple question? Wait, wait, wait. So you're not building a wall? No, no. We're building a wall, but not what, what, how? It's a wall but it's not a wall. No, it's technology. Like what A camera. Well, why not put the camera on top of the wall top? Because if you put a camera and it sees someone coming in and there's no wall, they're still gonna come in and you know what they're gonna do to the camera? They're say, fuck you camera ha, I'm coming in. Here's what they're gonna do. They're gonna say triple barrel camera. Hey guys. So now what? You get it on video.


The is a camera gonna do, they're gonna wave to you as they come in. There's drones up at the border right now videoing people coming in going, my gosh, how stupid do you have to be? This woman is an idiot. Remember Gina Raimondo, the other cabinet, secretary surrogate for Harris, when she was asked about the job numbers being manipulated and they told her about the BLS Bureau of Labor and Statistics. Remember what she said? I've never heard of that. Holy shit. These people, this is, this is the, and they're like, Trump some moron. You sure? Are you really sure where the stupid people?


You sure about that? Here's another one. It's Mark Cuban who I, I don't my, my daughter likes the show Shark Tank. I'm gonna tell you, this guy's ruining it for me. I can't watch it. Now knowing this guy's this dumb, I really thought he was this genius investor, right? He pitches himself as this super smart guy. you know what? He comes off like now, one of these smug tech bros who swears because he got lucky in a few investments, he knows everything about everything this guy is now the stupid smart person I warned you about here is CNBC. And so don't accuse me again of using right wing channels where even there like, Hey Mark, this inflation crisis thing that they caused, they're lying about it.


It's not price gouging, it's 'cause they printed a bunch of money. Like you're a smart guy. Just admit it. Watch this exchange, check this out. Do you think any of the 40 year highs in inflation are attributable to price gouging? And do you, do you care that that is the entire premise on No. You're misrepresenting what she's saying. Joe, I'm watching her ads now. Okay, so then let's talk. You've seen the ads? Yeah, of course. Right? I'm gonna end, I'm gonna bring down during the crisis, okay, during the crisis, what do you think caused the 40 year? Do you hit, do you think supermarket No go had anything to do with No. You think it was it was putting too much stimulus on top of a supply constrained Yeah, both. Yeah. Buy and, and then it just looks to me like you're not, they're not being truthful with with this and they're trying to deflect blame.


No, but it's still corporations because of their record. It's still Mark. Listen man, it's not personal, okay? I don't know. You, you, I'm sure you don't wanna know me, I don't wanna know you. We're never gonna have coffee together and I'm really not looking to be a dick. I'm just asking a simple question. Joe Kern in there at CNBC, who's I'm becoming actually a pretty big fan of this guy's been coming off the top ropes, I mean the people's elbow every day with new stuff. I don't even know this guy's politics, but he keeps humiliating these pro Harris guests who come on and say dumb shit. He, oh, There it is. People's elbow again, makes an appearance here.


Mark. He's watching the ad. Joe Kern in the host where she blames inflation on price gouging. Don't then come back and make a buffoon of yourself and saying, you're misrepresenting what she said. That's what she said. It's in her ads. And then he has to admit, of course, 'cause it doesn't wanna look like a total goofball that the price gouging thing is just made up. There are already price gouging laws in in multiple states. He's, she's just making this up. This is even better. Rarely do I do back to backs. You got the people's elbow again. Here he is with the double off the top ropes this time.


This is like macho mate. This is even pre, this is Jimmy Snooker. Remember Jimmy Snooker flying from the top ropes? If you missed old school WWF with snooker, they called him Superfly. This dude was right off the top ropes. This is Joe Kernan from the top ropes again on the trans, trans sex changes. Kamala Harris supports, if you're a a trans person in prison, Kamala Harris wants to steal your tax money to pay for prisoners to get sex changes. That's a documented fact. Please look it up. We played the video. Here's a, an Kamala Harris donor. This guy's name is Blair Efron, humiliating himself and Kerin going, Superfly ska off the top robes with another surrogate for Harris Buffoon moment.


Check this out. You Want to abolish ice? So what? She, she's on the record. Tell paying, paying for gender for, for illegal. I hear you. I undocumented aliens paying for gender transition surgery. Good news is from the taxpayer. The good news is as more people see her, She's gonna say, don don't believe any of those things than I'm gonna Believe she will. She's telling you what she believes. Well, that's another problem. 'cause she's not telling us anything else, Folks. She's on tape, she's on video supporting trans sex changes for prisoners. She answered in the affirmative in a survey. It's not even one moment. These guys don't know what to say.


These surrogates just go on the air and freaking humiliate themselves. So let me tell you what's gonna happen. Flag it right now, Jim. Flag it early because I'm telling you, this is what's gonna happen. You are gonna see in probably just the coming days, if there internal polls in the Harris campaign continue to get worse, which they are. And her trip to the border today is gonna be a disaster. It's gonna remind everyone how incompetent this woman is. I guarantee you, guarantee you the Harris campaign is gonna double down on the MAGA threat to democracy. It's all they have left, folks. They can't run on the border, they can't run on the economy.


Their surrogates don't know what to say. Her interviews, she belos herself. The New York Times is ripping her to shreds. You got tapper on CNN asking questions. Trust me, this is not going well. I don't care what anyone tells you. They could still win. There is still time for the media to pull scam. I'm just telling you they're in bad shape. The reason I bring up the threat to democracy thing, this is not gelling. The American people don't give a shit about your fake January 6th narratives. We now know that we're feds in the crowd. Explosive news coming out yesterday. If you missed yesterday's show, the American people out there who are voting and undecided who work for a living do not want to hear your threat to democracy narrative from the exact people who are trying to put Donald Trump in jail.


You doubt me again, M-S-N-B-C clip. Why are we playing M-S-N-B-C? Because no one's gonna accuse me of being biased. This is a freaking M-S-N-B-C clip with Alex Wagner talking to union workers. Thank you union workers for everything you do to build this country. I would tap my heart, but my elbows don't work of. I love you guys. Love you all. I'm serious. My brother's a union electrician. My dad was a union plumber. God bless you. I want you to listen to her talking to people who built America about the threat to democracy January 6th thing. And they're like, yeah, okay, whatever. Can we like talk about real stuff? Watch this.


Talk to me about your level of interest in the, the criminal charges and so forth. February 6th. January 6th. Sixth. So I remember that day. I know he was the standing president. I am not familiar with the charges that are being brought against him for that. I don't, I'm not following that charge or the, you know, there's multiple court cases going on. I'm just not familiar with it. I mean that doesn't sound like it's gonna be a factor in deciding who to vote for. No. Okay, so when I, when I say January 6th, what do you think? Oh, I. just remember seeing it on the news. Like all the riots and stuff. Don't really know what it was about or what happened though. Did it? I mean, how did it make you feel when you saw it?


I don't know. I don't really feel any way about it. I don't, I mean, people showed their emotion. I guess it probably in the wrong way, but it happened. Y you see, the Libs will never do what I do. They will never give you two perspectives on things I'm playing for you. Their perspective, because they keep trying to make this dog bark. They keep trying to make fetch happen. Someone needs to tell Gretchen Fetch is not gonna happen. They are, people are done with this narrative. They know they haven't been told the truth about January 6th. I've told you the truth. I have been totally candid. I've watched the videos. Some of that shit is really, should not have happened then.


And we, I have, I have been clear on it from day one, however, 'cause I have no problem telling you the truth. The story of January 6th has not been told. And the more they tell, the worse it is for them. Part three of this is most people are done with it. They can't feed the dog. The kids get braces on the kids' teeth, pay the mortgage. They don't wanna hear about Chewbacca guy taking over the, the Northeastern territories as the Lord Vice Roy General. They don't care. You keep going with it because you're just wasting everybody's time. And even worse, you see this from Trump yesterday on truth shocking breaking news.


Now we know according to a John Solomon report that another January 6th narrative has completely fallen apart. Trump did authorize the National Guard. I thought we were told he didn't. You were told a lot of things, folks, and it turns out all of it was colossal bullshit. The left will believe anything. They tell their kids a bunch of lies. They live in a bubble of stupid. I wanna fit this clip in. I know we're running late, but this is important. I want you to watch this CNN clip. This is what happens. You watch this show, I give you the less perspective in mind, correct? So we can make informed decisions.


I'm never gonna stop doing that. The left will never do that. So now you understand them, but these idiots will never understand you. I want you to listen to CNN segment about how the kids of leftists even believe crazy stuff. This is why the country's divided and it sure as shit ain't because of you. Check this out. Overall, The biggest finding, the children in the study were polarized with what researchers called more extreme responses from the blue state kids than the red state kids. Donald Trump, he did bad things. He's like Hitler. He only wanted to be president so that he can just control everybody.


Trump is supporting January 6th. Now, I remember that January 6th was a bunch of Republicans believing Trump. I, I feel like they fought Trump was a God. People got arrested. I think one officer died after, after. That's their kids. Now, do you see why you guys don't live in a bubble? And we understand the left, but the left will never understand us because they tell themselves lies, actual lies. Trump colluded with the Russians. Trump told people to go storm the capitol. None of this stuff is real. Be thankful. Thank the Lord this weekend. I mean it. I'm not using his name in vain.


I mean it. Thank the Lord that you at least have the truth on your side. Folks, been a great week of shows. Number one, everything we lost yesterday we're actually number two in live streams. We lost a hurricane coverage, so that's okay at hurricane and God bless everyone up in Big Bend in that area and in Georgia and everywhere else I've been through hurricanes. It's pretty terrible. This looked like a pretty serious one, but we lost out and then we, we beat the NFL and we were number two. We beat the NFL on Amazon Prime. So thank you. Help us be the number one live stream in the world every day. you know how you can do that at at 11:00 AM Eastern time every day. Go to Rumble dot com slash bonino or just download the Rumble app, click that follow button, it is absolutely free.


And then join the show every single day. And if you don't wanna watch live, that's okay. You can watch anytime VOD Video on demand. Just go to the Rumble app or Rumble dot com slash bonino and click play. Please give us a follow on Apple podcast and Spotify as well. Helps us a lot. Thanks a lot folks. Big announcement coming up next week. Tune in. See you on Monday. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.