
I've got a lot of great news to share with you today coming up on the program. We'll get into all of the details of what to expect in the days and weeks ahead on this program. It's gonna be truly massive. I'm really excited about this. Additionally, I really wanna get into all of the inner workings of these leaks coming out from the Atlantic Magazine. They claim that they have the war plans that were leaked to their editor, Jeffrey Goldberg. I will get into the details of this story, what it really means, and who are all the power players who are trying to manipulate you in the midst of all of this. That is all ahead on, which I think is gonna be a really great episode of VINCE. So stay with me for that.


Also, of course, always tracking, tracking all of your messages on the Rumble Chat. Love those. First, lemme tell you,


This episode is brought to you by ammo squared. Do you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020 shelves were bare and even online options were wiped out. Well, there's a company in Idaho that's helping to make sure that never happens again. It's called ammo squared, and they've been helping over 80,000 members stockpile ammo automatically since 2015. So here's what happens. You sign up, you can pick your ammo from over 70 different calibers set on auto buy budget and choose a shipping trigger. Over time your ammo accumulates And it is stored for free in ammo, squared's, climate controlled warehouse until you're ready to ship. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect for small budgets or anybody who wants to build up a stockpile without spending thousands or hundreds of dollars upfront. Ammo squared is the smarter way to stockpile ammo. Set it and forget it and ship it when you need it. It's simply the easiest way to stay prepared without the hassle. Just head to ammo squared.com. Take the work out of buying ammo, 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. Just can't be wrong. That's ammo square.com. Check them out today. You must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo, and you must be 21 for handgun ammunition.


Lemme just, we've got a lot going on. I'm in Washington DC right now. I'm at the Rumble Studio. I'm connecting to the Florida studio, and for the radio show, it's really, it's a three in one operation because I broadcast out of dc The Florida studio handles all of the video, and then meanwhile, in Dallas, all of the radio audio is coming through. And so if you notice a couple of hiccups along the way, our apologies, it's just a matter of trying to work through a daisy chain of delivery just to get to you. But so grateful that we can. All right, we're back on, and thank you for that. Here's what's going on. The Atlantic has a piece today released yesterday. The Trump administration accidentally texted me it's war plans, and even the headline is, is basically a lie because it wasn't a text, it was a post on an end-to-end encrypted app called Signal.


So here is the timeline of events. I'm gonna break this down for you without you having to read this whole piece, although you're welcome to, if you wanna get your arms around it even more. On Tuesday, March 11th, Jeffrey Goldberg, the fabulous editor at The Atlantic who wrote this piece, he says that he was invited to a signal group by Michael Waltz, who is the National Security Advisor for President Trump. And he was concerned, he his, he was suspicious that this might have been some sort of, you know, fake, that it wasn't really the National Security Advisor, that it could have been some conservative media person who was trying to entrap him to trick him into thinking that it was the National Security Advisor.


So he accepted the request, but with suspicion is the way that he presents this. Fast forward two days later, it's Thursday, March 13th, and Goldberg says that he was added to a group on signal called the HHI Principles Committee. Small group, the PC small group, the Houthis have been disrupting shipping in that, that part of the world by Egypt, the Suez Canal. And here's something you need to know about that. The majority of the shipping that travels through that area is Europe's problem, not America's 40% of the shipping that is of, of the shipping that goes through there is directly related to Europe's economy, not to the United States.


It's just 3% that affects the United States of America. And that data comes to us directly from the Vice President of the United States, JD Vance, who is inside of these signal text messages, these signal messages that Jeffrey Goldberg was apparently accidentally added to. I'm telling you, if there's any takeaway from all of this right now as we're just talking about this big signal story, it's that you have adults who are in charge. There's a conversations going on here between Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State, Mike Waltz, between the Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, Stephen Miller, one of the president's top age Susie Wiles is on this thread.


These are really, other than the President of the United States, the biggest officials in the country that you could possibly imagine all talking amongst themselves about the best course of action. Is it in America's interest? And what needs to be done about these crazy tribesmen, these houthis who are causing so much trouble for international shipping. JD Vance, according to these messages, again obtained by Jeffrey Goldberg, who was again accidentally added to this JD Vance, comes across as the most sober pro-America adult in the entire conversation. JD says, wait a second. Can we think about this? Maybe we can put the brakes on this a little bit, because here's what I see happening right now.


We're gonna do an American military strike in order to once again bail out the deadbeats in Europe. The guys who never pay us for any of the services that we provide, we never get anything out of them. We're constantly coming to their rescue. Maybe we wanna tap the brakes on this. Now, I love this. I love that JD Vance is representing himself in this way, and he is not doing it as far as he can tell in public. He has no idea that these messages will one day, very soon be disseminated among the American people by way of the Atlantic Magazine. He's just saying it among the top officials in the country as they're strategizing over whether or not now is the right time to conduct these airstrikes on the Houthis.


I think it's great. It's a great message. In fact, in the end, it's wonderful that this got published, I think publicly, because it sends a really clear message to Europe that we are not playing around. Trump and Vance are not playing with them. It's not posturing in public, it's not just pretending like we're tired of them being freeloaders. It's JD Vance straight up saying it in planning conversations that he never thinks are going to go public, that we are tired of them being freeloaders. And those same conversations again, now public, you see the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth say that he agrees, he completely agrees with the Vice President of the United States. But in the course of this conversation, they all agree that the time is now to strike the, the Houthis Rebels, this terror organization.


So what ends up happening in the end is on Saturday, March 15th, they do strike the Houthis. And throughout all of this, Jeffrey Goldberg apparently was sitting on these messages reading along, still wondering whether or not it could even be possible that he was added to a chat like this with officials that are at that level when he sees that the strikes take place at the time that the messages seem to indicate they would, it was at that moment he claims he became aware that he was definitely a part of a conversation that involved very real people that were very much inside of the Trump administration, of course now confirmed by the Trump administration. So that's, that's the order of events on this story. It starts on March 11th when Michael Waltz apparently as Jeffrey Goldberg to Signal, and then March 13th, he's added to this group.


Over the course of the next few days, all of these adults have adult conversations about how to handle this terror organization, this Iranian proxy. And then at the end, Saturday, March 15th, a very successful strike on, on this, on the, the Houthis, the Terror organization. And so that's what happens. And then Goldberg apparently removed himself from the group after that, which created a notification letting everybody else know that he had been part of it in the first place. Now, apparently in Signal he's referred to as jg JG on Signal just as initials. Not everybody went by their initials, but he did. It was jg.


Other people went by their full names. In case you're wondering, is it possible that the wrong JG was added to this chat? Well, yes it is. In fact, the name of the United States trade representative is Jameson Greer, JG. So le once again, to reset us, we've got this massive piece from the Atlantic claiming that Trump administration officials are being totally reckless. They're communicating on signal. They lumped in Jeffrey Goldberg, this ridiculous liar who's presented so many falsehoods in public in the past. And we have some confirmation that yes, indeed they did accidentally include him getting to the bottom of that super important and then telling you what happens after that.


That's what I wanna talk about next. And whether or not anybody in the Trump world should be fired, the people who are trying to get people fired in Trump world, it's all ahead on VINCE. We'll talk about that in just a moment.


First of all, to once again, thank the people who make this programming free. I, I do have to tell you about this, the people who are just doing great work for us, I don't know your exact situation, but if you're like thousands of homeowners American financing talks to every month, you're struggling to keep up, barely making ends meet, drowning in high interest debt, it's not your fault. Life just got more expensive, inflation hit hard. And if you're still carrying credit card balances with 20% plus interest rates while your mortgage sits untouched, you're ignoring the one thing that could turn it all around your home. And this is where American financing can help. Would you trade 10 minutes for a shot at saving an average of $800 every single month? Because that's exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American Financing. A simple no obligation call could change everything. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a l into a loan that doesn't make sense. And there are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. So don't wait. Call American Financing today and start feeling that relief. 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. Or go to American financing.net/ VINCE, that's American financing.net/ VINCE, our thanks to American Financing for, again, offering this great free programming, helping us support it.


Okay, so look, it is a massive, massive unforced error to include just a venomous guy like this, Jeffrey Goldberg character on the Signal Chat, massive error. Michael Waltz should have never done it. Michael Waltz is the National Security Advisor, and therefore it's even more incumbent on him to be safe with data and communications, given that he has such a very important role there. But one of the things I'm seeing right now is a pressure campaign to an extent is mounting on President Trump to fire him, to get rid of him, to say there need to be consequences for this.


Now, lemme just explain why some of that is occurring. One, I'm sure there are good faith critiques. People are saying, look, if you're gonna screw up, there should be, you should be held accountable. You know, the left has this entire world where they don't hold anybody accountable for any of their misdeeds, so long as their, their, their loyalty is to the left no matter what. But then again, by the same token, if we're gonna judge Michael Waltz or anybody else by the rule system that the left has created for us, why shouldn't Michael Waltz be canned for having an adult conversation with other government officials that a reporter got to see accidentally? But albeit it gave us a great perspective on how adult these guys are.


And nobody in the Biden era was ever held accountable for anything. So 13 troops, 13 Marines and sailors get killed in Afghanistan during the withdrawal at the Abbey Gate explosion. And not a single person was held accountable for that. Nobody, nobody, in fact, actually the only person if I recall, who was held accountable for that, was a Marine lieutenant colonel by the name of Stuart Scheller, who came out and criticized the Biden administration and these general officers for not taking responsibility for their leadership failures. That's what he said. And he said he knew the consequences when he came out. And he said that, he said, you didn't put your stars down, you didn't resign.


You didn't object to the way this was going. Who a abandons Bagram first? What? You abandoned the signature military air, air base in Afghanistan, and then you say, we're just gonna leave from Kabul. It was a total nightmare. It was such a nightmare that many of our troops were killed and many more were maimed and they have lifelong injuries as a result of that, no meaningful consideration for them. And then of course, when the bodies were brought back to Dover and flag draped coffins, president Biden couldn't bother himself to be all that concerned with it to begin with. He just stared at his watch and insulted the families, which is, by the way, one of the many reasons you saw those families out on the campaign trail or at at events with President Trump during the campaign because they support him.


They were grateful to him because he was there for them when the, at the time, current president of the United States was not so accountability. Please, I'm not taking lectures from the left on accountability. Also, I'm not really interested in giving the media a heckler's veto over President Trump's employees every time that every time you play the left game in the media, if you, if you allow them to dictate who works inside of the Trump administration, then really what you're doing is giving them a permission slip to scandalize every other person they can possibly scandalize. They're already trying to do it with Elon Musk. They've taken a couple runs at dividing Elon against Donald Trump.


They'll say things like, oh, Elon is the real president of the United States. He's the co-president. Look, we put him on a magazine cover sitting behind the Resolute Desk, they'll show. And the goal there as President Trump and Elon Musk have both acknowledged, is a ludicrous cartoonish teenage level effort to try and sew division between the two men, because if you can divide them, then you can conquer them. And so they laughed this off rightfully so, having seen the media do this time and time and time again, and if, if Trump were to turn around and say, okay, I'm firing Mike Waltz. And by the way, there's no indication this morning that that's actually happening. In fact, the president apparently talked to a reporter at NBC and indicated that he's happy with Mike Waltz and he thinks that the administration's going really well.


And if anything, this is a, this is a small scale hiccup. It's not that big of a deal relative to major screw ups that might take place. And so he's, he's happy with Mike Waltz's performance, and Mike Waltz, by the way, in, in turn, is probably gonna be eternally grateful to the president of the United States for sticking up for him in a moment where he clearly has egg all over his face. So if, if Trump were to come along and fire the guy, it again, it would just create a permission structure for the media to get drunk on his own power. Again, we saw it happen already. Remember when President Trump presented Matt Gaetz to become the Attorney General of the United States, put him forward as the nominee to become the Attorney General. And then the media turned every waking moment of Matt Gaetz's existence into a scandal.


It's a scandal. He can't be the Attorney General. They attacked him. They attacked him, they attacked him. President Trump did eventually withdraw that, But that created the environment whereby the media saw, felt they smelled that blood in the water, they had their taste, and they decided we're gonna do it again. And they did it. They did it. They tried to do it again to Pete. He, they tried to do it again to Tulsa Gabber, they tried to do it again to RFK Jr. They taught, tried to do it again over and over and over again to the President's nominees because they'd become drunk on the power of being able to get Matt Gaetz out of position to become Attorney General. That all happened already. We can see their behaviors, you can interpret their, their reactions to these things.


So here you have an environment where I think there's a couple things happening. One with the nominees, vice president, JD Vance was instrumental in saying, no, no, no, we're not playing anymore of these games. That's not happening. Everyone settle the hell down. These guys are making it through. This is the president's agenda. He was elected and in an, on an unreal mandate, as, as every single district in the country went to the right, every single one went to the right in the 2024 election for a reason. Massive shift towards the Republican Party. President Trump deserves all of the credit for that movement. And the guy, and the basic principle here is, yeah, the voters deserve to get what they voted for, which are the, which is the president's agenda as executed through his nominees.


So JD Vance goes into the Senate, takes each of these senators one by one and says, Hey, look, you know me, I know you, I was a senator up until recently. Now I'm the vice president of the United States. Implied, by the way, in a lot of jds conversations, is this, he probably doesn't say this, but he's a lot smarter than these guys. And they know it. They know it. They know that JD has his wits about him. And so when JD goes in there and he puts, you know, puts these guys in a headlock and says, Hey, let's do this thing one by one, they did it. And thankfully, so, so that's been a, that's been a really big deal. And not letting the media get this ridiculous heckler's veto when all they do is lie and decontextualize and distort and put everything through a fun house mirror before it gets to you.


At this point, if you haven't learned your lesson from letting them wield the levers of power, you're never gonna learn that lesson. And so this is a Trump White House. I don't know if this would've happened in the first administration. If a national security advisor had accidentally lumped in a tr a Trump loathing pseudo journalist like Jeffrey Goldberg, that guy may very well have been fired because the scandal ensuing around the administration would've led to that. But right now it's just water off the duck's back. They don't even care. They don't even care. It's like, okay, yeah, you can screech it us all you want. We're not removing this guy. I like Mike Waltz, he's down for the ride. There's another piece though. There are people on the right who would like to see Mike Waltz ejected from the White House.


I'll explain that in just a moment, what that phenomenon's about and what you should really know about Congress. Formerly Congressman Mike Wa, Mike Waltz, now the National Security Advisor. It's all ahead on this.


You guys know, I don't just slap my name on anything. I, I do only back what I truly believe in. In fact, that's why I'm pumped to have Blackout Coffee as a sponsor. In fact, today I've slapped their name right on my chest. I'm wearing one of these blackout coffee t-shirts. John, the owner of Blackout Coffee is the real deal. He's a great guy, and he built blackout coffee from the ground up, ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense, just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. So you already know that this brand stands for the right values. They really do. They love America. They love good coffee. This is, I'm telling you, I I can't, I can only convince you by letting you taste it. This is genuinely great coffee. I love coffee. I've had a ton of it throughout my life. Perhaps you can tell today I'm a coffee guy. Blackout stands apart. It is legitimately delicious. And I say this as a guy who takes coffee Black. Lots of people like to add stuff to coffee. You know, the cream, the sugar, that's fine if that's the way you want to take it. But I will say that it masks the, the fundamental characteristics of the coffee you're consuming. Adding stuff like that is a good way to cover up bad coffee. If it's black coffee, you can't hide it. You're either quality or you're not. Blackout. Coffee is quality. Here's the deal. John is hooking you guys up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE, for 20% off your first order, whether you like Whole Bean or ground or even instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, for 20% off your first order.


And now for another sponsor who I adore yesterday, after I got home, I was rushing to get home from all of our programs yesterday because a delivery was arriving at my house, and the delivery was a very heavy wooden crate box from Jacked Up Fitness. That's right. Make America Healthy again. It's happening right there in my own home. I'm working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. They're an amazing company and they have a commercial grade Power Rack Pro, which is right now sitting in my garage waiting to be assembled. And it's got everything you need to get a full body workout from home. They have cable crossover systems integrated, 200 pound weight stacks, a Smith machine that allows you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym. It's amazing. And, and my wife, she's always been much more into fitness than I have, at least in recent years. I was, you know, when I was a kid, I was really into it then I, then I fell off. Well, nowadays we're back in. We've been in and, and we love it. And now I can really dial in because I'm gonna have a, a badass all in one Power Rack Pro right there in my house. It's gonna be a total game changer for the family. We're super excited too, about their Get Jacked Up program. It's got full body video workouts, it's led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You'll literally just press play and you follow along. This is great, especially if you're just getting started. So, listen, I'm doing this. You should do it too. Let's do it together. All you have to do is go to get jacked up.com, the greatest name for our website ever. Get jacked up.com and sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, this is going to be totally epic. Go to get jacked up.com.


Yes, indeed. Now, let me see, I, I know today we've had all sorts of stuff going on. We've had, we've had all sorts of disruptions to the, to the, the show today, here on Rumble. We still don't know why, but I am so grateful for everybody who's been hanging out with us here today. And thank you. I'm looking at the chat here and look, oh, McGloin mcg mcg groin says, I came for the news. I'm staying to see your gains, VINCE, you better bring it. Look, there's no question. I, this is a big relationship. I talked to Don and get jacked up and I, I jacked up fitness And I said, okay, buddy, here's what's gonna happen. I gotta get this thing going and then I gotta hit it so hard.


And you know, the secret here, I don't know if people know this, you should know this. Maybe Dan has talked about this from time to time. It's not just the lifting, it's also the protein. You've gotta be taking, the protein you gotta be, Mikey knows what I'm talking about back in studio. You gotta get all that protein in because the, the weightlifting breaks you down, the protein builds you back up. That's what you're doing. You know, it's a little bit, you know, it's like a Habitat for Humanity situation. You're knock down some walls, you're renovating, you gotta build it back up. That new material's gotta be protein. You gotta, you gotta make sure to have the right nutrients going into your body. So yes, we're gonna keep working on that. And thank you very, very much. Everybody up in the chat. Love having you guys here with me. 53,000 people enduring the craziest tech problems I've ever encountered on this show.


It's only been a week and a half. I will say, for those of you who stuck around, I've got some massive, massive news coming up here in, in just a few minutes. I'll be sharing with you. I, it'll make it all worth it, I promise. In addition to all this great content, okay, so Mike Waltz is the National Security advisor, and there is an effort on the left to get him fired because they just wanna so chaos, they just want to, yeah, fire that guy, fire that guy. We hate everybody who's involved in the Trump administration. Got it. You don't get the heckler's veto get out. Nobody, nobody supports you. Nobody watches you, nobody consumes you. And those numbers are dwindling all over the place, which is why they're acting like such lunatics. They're pooping on Teslas and attacking Tesla dealerships right now because they don't know what else to do that they're, they're emotional incontinence is literally overflowing.


So that, that's one that's the left. Meanwhile, on the right you have, I would say, I don't think these are bad faith attempts. I think these are genuinely good faith attempts. But one of the clearest things you're watching going on right now, on the right there is real policy debates about how much we use military force all over the planet and for what purposes should we go into foreign conflicts if there's even a negligible American interest there. And for instance, like opening up shipping lanes where we only have 3% of American shipping, does that count as a full-blown American interest or a marginal American interest?


JD Vance raised all of this in these conversations with these top officials, and he is right to bring it up. It's a, it's a smart and interesting conversation and it's centered on, thank God, what's good for the United States, what's good for the people who live here. And so there are some on the right who wanna see Mike Waltz fired. Now the predicate for this is merely that, well, he was irresponsible with national security. He lumped in Jeffrey Goldberg to this signal chat, and therefore there should be consequences for that. And I understand that, but let me uncork a little bit what the greater concern about Mike Waltz is. Mike Waltz, up until recently was a congressman from Florida, and he has been for a couple of years.


And in that role he was known as typically in so far as you categorize people as typically more of a neoconservative type of guy, more inclined for mil, the American military action, more willing to engage around the world on the thinnest possible pretext, potentially for American involvement. That's his reputation in Washington. And as a result, there are people on the right who are concerned that he's the kind of guy who's gonna get us deeper into some of these messes rather than have that America first focus that, that Trump administration was clearly elected on. So that's, that's one of the fights that's actually going on, sort of, I would say behind the scenes, but certainly out in the open if you are, are following along Mike Waltz's career Now, I have had the opportunity to interview Congressman Waltz over the course of the years, and lemme just tell you about a transformation, or at least directionally the way I think things changed with him a couple of years ago when the conflict in Ukraine began.


Congressman Waltz was one of the people that you could sort of reliably expect to not say much in public that suggested we should scrutinize the way all of this money is going to Ukraine. He was, he was kind of open to it. The, i i, I don't wanna put too many words into his mouth, but he was basically originally kind of a blank check guy for Ukraine. And, you know, whatever is necessary, they've gotta stop the Russians, they've gotta thwart the Russian invasion, this is good. We need to stand in support of Ukraine, that kind of stuff. But as I talked to him over time, and I would ask him questions, well, wait a second. And truly this, I literally had conversations with him on air in Washington, DC during my afternoon drive radio show.


I would ask him, well, wait a second, aren't you concerned at all about how this money's being spent? What about the accountability for all of the, these, the, the cash we're sending over? What about the fact that American stockpiles seem to be dwindling in an effort to service this war? What is the end state? Maybe you were asking this too. I've been asking this since the very beginning, as the United States has been involved, what is the end state of that conflict? What is this supposed to look like? Is it gonna be, do they really think they're gonna get Russia out all the way back to the pre 2014 borders, they're gonna eject them from Crimea? Is that really what the game plan is? What does victory look like here? When do we say we have achieved what we set out to achieve?


And Washington never gave clear answers on that subject ever. And as our conversations through the years wore on Congressman Waltz seemed to be coming a lot closer to my view of this, which was an immense amount of skepticism about whether it was even worth sending all of these American resources there at the expense of so many lives. Isn't it completely tragic how many people have been killed? Estimates of over a million, if not deaths, certainly casualties between both Russia and Ukraine with no clear end in sight. Ru Ukrainians being used as cannon fodder to advance an American foreign policy agenda that we are told is to grind down the Russian military and the, and, and their ability to project their power, when in fact that hasn't really happened, has it?


Russia's monetary, monetary structure is as strong as it's ever been. It's, it's only improved. They continue to have all sorts of exports. In fact, the exports of their energy are going to some of the worst places on the world, in the world. Certainly our adversaries like China are buying a great deal of it. We're creating tighter alliances between China and Russia and North Korea, north Koreans on the battlefield fighting with the Russians against Ukraine and Iran. What are we doing? How is this serving American interests? Exactly. And so the perspective I want to give you is one of at least some optimism about congressman now, national Security Advisor waltz it, which is, I think he paid attention to you.


He paid attention to what you care about. He paid attention to the president and what he ran on. And as a result, president Trump chose someone who he believes is going to be the, the best possible person to give him advice in that role then as National Security Advisor. So some of this involves like just having some trust in the guy you elected Donald Trump. The other piece is to, you know, just, you know, keep an eye on everybody. Anybody who has a position of power deserves to have scrutiny, but you also deserve to know what the actual fights are about right now. And so when you see some of this like, Hey, Mike Waltz needs to go coming from the right people you like and you trust. Some of that is merely animated by they're distrustful of his foreign policy adventurism.


They don't want to be engaged in conflicts that don't directly benefit America. That's what they're on guard for. Last thing I'll say about Mike Waltz and, and the role that somebody who thinks like him plays, it's not the worst thing in the world to have people who disagree in the same room together. It's not, you're allowed to have different views on these subjects. In fact, that is typically what improves your ability to think these issues through and talk about them and engage in debate on the subject. So having a guy like Mike Waltz around, not everyone needs to be in complete lockstep. In fact, if you read the messages, and I encourage you to go read the Atlantic piece, read through these messages, these signal messages between these guys, you walk away impressed by the fact that not everybody's walking in lockstep.


They are clearly working together as a team. They're happy to collaborate, they're happy to kick things around. They really are engaging in some real debates and in the end, trying to navigate towards exactly what best executes the president's vision, which is of course, what you voted for. That's what you want. And, and again, I can't, I can't sing JD Vance's praises enough here. JD at one point indicates that, look, I I think maybe we should delay this strike and we should, you know, make the case that Europe needs to step up more here for its own defense to get its shipping lanes open. Why does the United States have to keep on rescuing them? But he says, but whatever this group in the end decides to do, I'll go along with it and I'll be a public advocate for it.


This is being treated right now by the left-wing press as some sort of duplicity on the part of JD Vance. Oh, look, he disagrees with the president. I'm sorry. If you're having a behind closed doors conversation about what to recommend to the president, you're more than entitled to recommend something that he didn't think of in the first place, or that he, he might want to consider. In fact, that's what you would expect out of anybody in a healthy organization that's trying to navigate towards the best outcome. You want people who are subordinate to the leaders to come forward and say, Hey, sir, I've thought about this and I I just want you to know, here are some of the complexities, here are some of the things you should consider perhaps if you have 'em and get that kind of feedback.


That's healthy. It's not healthy if you live in an organization where everybody's just, you know, completely genuflecting to one person's vision and never at all offering helpful criticism in order to improve the outcome here and President Trump to his great credit. I'll tell you this one thing. If I've, if I've learned anything from the people who've worked with him successfully over the years, even if fundamentally what Trump wants is you to be goal oriented, if you share his goals, he's happy, he's happy with you. He's, he's pleased to have you with him. And it's, it, it's the how to get there. The, that's the thing that he doesn't really care in the end. He just wants to make sure that we can take the best possible, we have to get to the best possible outcome.


So if you have a different idea, a different path for how to get to that outcome, whether it's closing the border or stopping the fentanyl, stopping the threats to America, growing the economy, correcting our trade imbalances, whatever it is that you, those goals might be Trump values input, where you step forward and say, Hey, look, I really, I'm on board with you here. I have a different strategy. Can we talk about it? And he's like, I'm game, I'll listen. Have you, have you, you've been able to tell that, right? Trump trump's a listener. You know, everyone thinks he's just a, he just, he just keeps going. He's a listener. He's good. So this is, I think, I think this is all fascinating what's happening here with this wild story out of the Atlantic.


You know, just, just remember Jeffrey Goldberg, he's, he's lied over and over and over again about so many things. He's, he's been very deceitful. He's, he's, he lied about like the suckers and losers hoax. He, he's just lied about so much. And in fact, he would go on national television, he would tell these lies and then he would come out later and say, yeah, we're, I'm gonna have people, or they're gonna corroborate it. Eventually they're, they're coming out and the next few days they never came out. They never came out. But here you clearly had Jeffrey Goldberg added to this signal chat and also, and the fact that they're using this end-to-end encrypted chat. It can happen for a number of reasons.


But let me just once again, it, in so far as I'm telling you some Washington secrets today, everybody does this. Let me just clear the air on this particular thing. Every senator you're aware of, every congressman you're aware of, every government official in the executive branch, everybody is doing this. They're using end-to-end encryption to talk to one another. Now, there's nothing in the, the chats that we've seen so far. I mean, you had Pete Hegseth himself that came out. He was like, there's no war plans here. The White House came out and said, there's no war plans here. This is not, you know, top secret conversations. Are they sensitive? Well, yeah, for sure. Are they the kinds of things that these officials wanna do on an, on an encrypted platform?


Definitely. But the idea that this is somehow exceptional is preposterous, especially in a world where, once again, you're gonna get these lectures from the left where Hillary Clinton sets up a server in a bathroom in New York and then conducts government business with an explicit intent of keeping it away from you. Mishandles classified information. Even James Comey was willing to admit that in public over and over and over again. Spare us the lectures. And I saw Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton's out there tweeting right now. She was tweeting about how reckless this is. Please, the, she's, she's textbook reckless. You know, what about Joe Biden? Joe Biden stole classified documents when he was a United States Senator and then subsequently as vice President of the United States, and then kept them all in his garage next to his class.


Corvette lumped up piles of paper next to old empty oil containers. It was like, it was insane. It was totally insane. These people aren't good at handling classified information. They're thieves. They, they went outta their way to steal classified information. Meanwhile, Trump officials, even in their unseen secret conversations, the stuff that's not for public dissemination, are reflecting very, very well on themselves. I do have a, a quick FBI update for you today as well. Before I get to the big, big news for this program coming up in just a moment.


K Patel and Dan Bonino at the FBI have launched a task force to target all of these anti Tesla terrorists around the country. So you've got left wingers who have been left wing terrorists who are leading attacks, probably disproportionately on Democrats who own Teslas. That's how crazy all of this is. But it's meant to turn you against Elon Musk and, and this great company that he's responsible for Tesla. Now, in terms of what's actually happening with Tesla, it's not working because the, the Tesla share price absolutely skyrocketed. Yesterday, people, I think they started to realize, wait a second, this, this thing's way undervalued right now.


This is ridiculous. What's happening on the market? So in just the last week alone, I'm looking right now at this very moment, 10:51 AM Eastern Time, just in the past week, Tesla's stock price has gone up 18.59%. It's exploded upwards. I I think people are, the spell is wearing off the scandal that the left is creating around Tesla isn't really having the effect that the left wanted it to. And, and there's a lot of money going into this. There's groups like Indivisible who are funding these, they call them protests. They're like, oh, it's nonviolent. But obviously they're creating these permission structures for people to go out and attack Teslas and think they're on the right side of history. That's their phrasing, the right side of history.


So Cash Patel, Dan Bonino, they've launched an FBI task force to investigate all of this domestic terrorism. They've received reports of 48 instances according to the New York Post so far this month, related to Tesla vehicles, dealerships, and charging stations. And they're investigating at least seven of them in conjunction with local law enforcement. The agency's newly formed 10 person task force is gonna deploy a TF personnel, special agents and intelligence analysts from the Bureau of Alcohol, tobacco and Firearms and Explosives in the Treasury Department and personnel from the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Division, including its domestic terrorism operations section and weapons of mass destruction.


So they're, they're sending everybody out there. So no more targeting Donald Trump's supporters, but instead going after the people who are leading terror attacks on American car owners, which are lots of Americans who are very concerned right now about all of this. The FBI director Cash Patel saying this week on X, the quote, the FBI has been investigating the increase in violent activity towards Tesla, and over the last few days, we've taken additional steps to crack down and coordinate our response. This is domestic terrorism. Those responsible will be pursued, caught and brought to justice. And our friend Dan Bonino, the FBI deputy Director, saying this, as of this morning, today is March 25th.


And if you are considering an act of domestic terrorism, then know we will hunt you down and we will find you words from our buddy, the deputy director of the FBI, Dan Bonino and this indivisible group that's involved in planning all of these anti Tesla protests all across the country, more on the way they've got, apparently they've got a big nationwide one scheduled for the beginning of April. The, there's a reporter by the name of Natalie Winters, who has indicated in her reporting that she discovered that the, the website for Indivisible has been deleting the bio, the biographies of its board members.


And one of the board members for Indivisible is a woman by the name of Fatima Goss Graves is her name. Fatima Goss Graves, for those of you from the DC area, you may be familiar with that last name actually from those, for those of you from across the country, you may be familiar with that last name Graves. She is the wife of former DCUS attorney Matthew Graves. Matthew Graves is the US attorney in DC who was leading, I, I think all of, or almost all of the prosecutions against the January 6th detainees. He's the guy who is destroying the lives of Trump supporters.


Meanwhile, 70% of the arrests that occurred in the District of Columbia that he's supposed to be prosecuting 70% of the time when cops would put cuffs on bad guys, he didn't prosecute them. So he allowed crime to run rampant in your nation's capitol and that he used his power to hurt Trump supporters at every possible turn. Meanwhile, his wife is a crazy left-wing activist. She's involved in this group, indivisible, which is organizing all of these pretext protests that are leading to this immense violence across the country. So that's, that's important to keep track of. Also, George Soros has indeed, as usual, dumped a ton of money into this group, and, and now we're seeing the fruits of that poison tree.


It's really, really disgraceful. All right, the big news today for you, for all of you, how many people we have on Rumble right now? I'm gonna, I'm telling you that these numbers are about to get massive. I've got about 62,000 people right now with us. Here's why the numbers are gonna be massive tomorrow. On this here program, I will be joined by the president of the United States, Donald J. Trump. You will be able to watch my conversation with the president right here at 10:00 AM Eastern Live on Rumble.


And then of course, you'll be able to listen to it in the VINCE podcast. I'll be playing it on my nationwide radio show from 12 to three Eastern Time. The VINCE show a massive conversation ahead with the President of the United States. If you have questions for the President, send them my way. Get to me on social media. Let me know what you're thinking. I've got a lot of planning ahead as we have this conversation. But once again, tomorrow, Wednesday, March 26th, in the year of our Lord, 2025, the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump set to stop by this humble program. I hope you will join us.


I'm looking forward to that. In the meantime, I just wanna, once again, thank you for joining us today. I know we ran into a bunch of technical hip hiccups with, with, with all sincere luck. They will be resolved for all of the ensuing broadcasts in the days ahead here. It's gonna be just fantastic to, to keep talking to you from Washington DC I'm getting a lot of really good feedback right now. Futures wants to know, dang, VINCE, how do you get all these guests? What's your secret? I'm on signal. I just mastered the president. I said, Hey, can you do it? And he wrote back, Sher, bro, I'm in. No, it's, it's been, it's been really great. We've got a lot of American flags coming in.


Trump, yes, the man on the show. Lots of, lots of emojis of President Trump. I love the dancing Trump emoji in the chat right now. Get some dancing Trump emojis up in the chat. What a get VINCE, what a get. Yeah, I know. And then here's the key. Somebody just asked, how many hiccups will there be tomorrow? Rob Duff asked zero, right? Am I right about this, fellas? I'm getting, I'm getting zero hand gestures right now. Zero hiccups tomorrow. There's no room for mistakes. Can't have mistakes. The president of the United States joining us tomorrow on this program, I can't wait to to join you again.


Can't wait to be with you again. Up next, Rumble's been doing this amazing thing where we have a full day of live programming that doesn't consist of the kinds of lies that Jeffrey Goldberg has become accustomed to telling you. In fact, rumble's just amazing. What an amazing free speech platform, by the way, I, I heard this morning that they're doing, they're doing very, very well, which is good news for the rest of us. Rumble's doing great. Up next, Stephen Crowder is gonna be with you as Rumble sends you there. Thank you so much for spending some time with me today.