
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. It's, it's hilarious. The, the latency period right between something being called a leftist Conspiracy Theory and it coming true is now shrinking to less than 24 hours. Folks, I, I'm gonna show you something. I got that. I also, I haven't dug into this, but Avita put a little brain worm in my, in my brain yesterday. I haven't really dug into it.


I've been doing some homework on this Patriot Front thing. Standby. We got a little update on that. Biden gets lost. Again, a lot of stuff talking about,


Hey, beam Stream Powders, a science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Go to shop Beam Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And I told you the other day, watch these three people Axelrod, who I call Obama Rod, Jim Clyburn, and Mark Warner. They will dictate when Biden exits the race if he does. Couple things happen yesterday. Couple things happened this morning. Major developments every day is an adventure. Now we have ever since this debate debacle for Biden.


Hey, bone charge in these crazy times, recharge and refresh the natural way. I discovered Bone Charge. It's a terrific holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products for life hacks. That's what I do. So I, I'm gonna stay alive as long as possible. One of my favorites. The infrared sauna blanket folks, just research what Sauna does for you, the Dinorphines, just getting some of the grotes goodies outta your body. Just sit there and sweat it out. It sets up in less than a minute. The sauna blanket, it heats fast. Relax, watch tv. Do whatever you need to do. Did a 30 minute session last night. Paula uses it too. It's a game changer. The sauna blanket from bone charge. It's great. Give it a shot. Bone charge ships worldwide and the sauna blanket ships free with no hidden cost. Plus bone charge offers a 30 day free trial with easy returns or exchanges and a 12 month warranty. Can't beat that. Relax, revitalize, refresh. Get into the life Hack M two with bone charge and the sauna Blanket. Bone charge products are all H-S-A-F-S-A eligible giving you tax free savings of up to 40%. So head on over today. They got a great red light mask too. You know I actually used the red light mask on my knee series of wrapped. It felt great. Head to bone charge.com/bonino. Use code bonino to say 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E bone charge.com/bonino. Use code bonino to say 15%. They're really great products. It's over $100 off.


All right fellas, let's get this party started. It only took a day. Matter of fact, it didn't even take a day, it just happened. What did I tell you yesterday? I said, if you go back, some little birdie peeped in my ear. Chirp chirp chirp said, listen, go look at this. Tweet from the Biden team. You find anything suspicious about it? The tweet was, Biden tweeted out, I think it was July 2nd from his POTUS account. Hey, we're working on this Parkinson's task force. And I was like, he said, what do you find suspicious? And immediately my bells and whistles went off. I said, they got wind that this Parkinson's story was gonna break.


So now they're gonna pretend they're doing this Parkinson's task force and that the doctor visited the White House, the Parkinson's guy, because he was giving advice on a task force. And look, it only took a day. Here is the Ricky Davila. I have no idea who the Ricky, the Dickie, Ricky, whatever his name is. I, I don't know this guy. He's, I have no idea. Anyone know this guy? Am I missing something? Is it a pop culture thing? Is he like a, an entertainer or something? I don't know what Dickie does, but here he is. Just yesterday, it's not even a day. New York Times wrote about a Parkinson's expert visiting the White House to allude that Biden was suffering from cognitive decline all along.


He was working on a plan to try and prevent, treat and cure the disease. I am done here. I'm done. I'm outta here. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show. I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. I'm kidding. I'm back. That was watch the counter drop. 56 50. No, no, I'm back. This I know self praise things, but not on this one.


I told you, and these dipshits fall for it. Every time you really believe a Parkinson's doctor that now they're acknowledging did by the way, examine Biden was doing it because it was part of some major task force. I thought he was doing a cancer moonshot shit. These people on the left, do we have the folks Yes, do karate man emoji please, folks in the chat. I see we do it again. I did karate when I was gay. I was terrible at, that's how I got into boxing. Gotta work the hands. What else did I tell you? I told you the other day that this Axio story that Biden gets pictures about You know how to get on stage and how to get off stage.


How told you that every president gets at as part of the advance packet, that it's not particularly a big deal. I told you that the big story here is that Biden gets pictures, literal pictures. Here is the stage. Here's how you get off the stage. Here are the steps for the stage. Here's what they even do. And it's not just for Biden, it's for everyone. That wasn't the scoop folks. There's a part in a curtain. When the president comes out from behind a curtain, they'll even put arrows where the break is. So the president's not fumbling around with the curtain. I know I did it for a living. It's not unusual. The point is, he gets a picture before he goes on stage.


Hey, here's a picture. Here's how you're gonna come off the stage. You see? And he still can't get off the stage and holy shit, it happened again last night. Vo this one for me here. Here he is in nato. He does not know how to get off the stage, bro. Ever. Look, watch. Hey look this way. It's pointing. What do I do? Hey, fist bump this way. No that way. What do I do this way? The hands do I wave? What do I do? He don't know what to do. He needs to look. You see, wait, wait. Did you see the the military aid guy watch Look that he first, he does the finger gestures. If you listen on Apple, you gotta watch some Rumble.


I'm sorry. You have to go look at, look, here he goes. The middle. Here's the middle watch. Well, look, the hands' gotta be out. He don't know what to do. He don't, dude is this, he don't know what to do. You know. You ever see the guys who, what do they call those guys in the airport? So I never worked in the airport. The guys that have the You know the pointed flashlights and vector. They have a specific name. They need one of those guys come. We need one of those. No, no, don't send me I I got a thousands. What do you mean this is what we need. We need one of the guys like in the airport with delighted flashlights. He don't know what to do. That's the freaking story, man. This guy's brain is total mush. He's told right before he goes on the stage, come back this way through the curtain with the arrows and he still needs two people, a millage and the NATO guy stoneberg to tell him where to go.


And then this happened yesterday after he told you that he was gonna in the overflow room. I don't know how he spelled that. You saw it yesterday. I don't know what he was gonna do. It was kind of disgusting. I'm not gonna get into that. But then yesterday he tells a guy he is porking his wife or something. I went, folks, this is not ai. I'm telling you, I played this for Paula. I kid you not. And she said to me, that's fake. This is not fake. Here's Biden telling a whole audience that he did what to someone's wife. Take a listen to this guys, This alliance through one of the most consequential periods in its history. I realize I was talking to your wife. I personally asked you to extend your service.


Forgive me. And you put your What? Michael just summed it up correctly. He's channeling his C Clintonian impulses. I guess. Did he just say he's this guy's wife Now after the fourth or fifth time, play it again. I listened to it and it sounds like he said, I was talking to your wife and he stumbles over it. Now when I tell you, talking now, you may hear it folks, this guy's a train Wreck. This alliance to one of the most consequential periods in its history. I realize I was talking to your wife.


I personally ask you to extend your service. This na. Oh this. This guy's talking to nato, this supposedly super consequential alliance. I say that because bride's the one telling you that. And he can't even, he one, he can't get off the stage. And then he tells the crowd, he's porking the dude's wife or whatever. And it goes viral. Holy Moses man can nothing. When is enough? Enough, enough. And it, I don't know man. I don't know what else it's gonna take. Now they want this guy out folks. I'm not letting go of his drama because the most consequential story right now is, does Biden survive the week? I said to you at the beginning of the week, 60 40.


Yes. Did I not P one? You listen to the show. I think now it's 90 10. Yes, he survives the week. Why? Because he's not leaving man. He's doing the Jordan Belfort from Wolf of Wall Street. I'm not leaving. He's not leaving. And the bottom line is he has the delegates. And unless he releases the delegates at the convention, unless he dies, not wishing death on anyone, I'm just telling you, unless he redu releases the delegates, there's nothing anyone can do. The only one will drive him out is who? Folks in the chat. Yes. Donors. If the money dries up and there's not a critical mass right now of donors willing to cross the event horizon to tell this guy to get out.


However, these three people will control the donors. They will control the donors primarily secondarily and through tertiary means. Okay, David Axelrod because he speaks for Obama. Everybody knows he speaks for Obama. Axelrod's been a little quiet the last couple days. I think he's seeing how things go. Jim Clyburn, who the other day implied there should be a mini primary. Now he's changing his mind. And deep state Mark Warner from the Democrat senate who is a deep state freaking tool period. He does what the deep state tells him. The deep state is clearly done with Joe Biden, but it's not enough. Clyburn controls. Well, he thinks he controls the Democrat black vote and he thinks he's influential there.


And a lot of people think he is. Especially a lot of donors. Watch these three money through Obama Black Democrat vote and the Deep State Watch what happens with these three. Here's what I mean. Clyburn must be getting heat. This is what you think Joe Biden's done. Joe Biden's been done a lot and he keeps coming back. Joe Biden is, is, I hate to say it, he's like the Teflon Joe. He keeps coming back. Don't under. That's why don't you dare underestimate this guy. I'm here. I can't take it. Stop the talk on tv. It's gonna be a landslide. I saw this radio guy. I'm not gonna say who 'cause I like the guy, but still it doesn't really matter. Constantly on tv it's gonna be a landslide. Please stop. There are 12 million illegals in the country.


There are more than enough to make up two or three points at the polls. More than enough. Please stop talking about a freaking landslide in a red wave. I heard the same bullshit prior to the midterms. Stop. Do not underestimate Biden. He is a mercenary guy. A lot of PE folks, I'm sorry to harp on this. I mean it, but a lot of people, a lot dumber than Joe Biden have stayed in power a lot longer. Anyone out to, oh, he is too stupid to win. Again, he is stupid and people have told him that his whole life, but he makes up for it with greed and mercenary behavior. So stop it immediately.


Vote like we are 10 points down and no more talk on cable news about a landslide. You said that last time and we all got Ed here. Here's Jim Clyburn flipping again. The heat is on from the Biden cabal that he ain't leaving. So Clyburn, did the flipper roof here, check this out from yesterday. What was, Was there more people saying Biden should step down or more people saying he should stay? We riding with Biden, you're riding with Biden. Did anyone mention Harris? We are riding with Biden. Was there a Conversation about vice President? We are riding with Biden. Was there Vice? Was there a conversation about Vice President Kamala Harrison? There We are riding with Biden.


Now, obviously that's not a ringing endorsement. He keeps engaging in this trope because he doesn't wanna describe why. The reason this is all happening right now is very simple. Don't, please don't overcomplicate this. And any host telling you otherwise is bullshitting. You trying to sound overly cerebral. There is one reason he's riding with Biden. Why? Because Biden won't leave and he doesn't have to. That's it. That is it. Period. If Dr. Neurosurgeon, Jill Biden, Ron Klain and Hunter tell him to leave, he will leave. If the donors dry him up, he will leave.


Outside of that, there is zero chance. He goes Voluntarily. He is a crazy person. Now, I'm a little bit worried about Clyburn now that Clyburn, who thinks he represents the black Democratic vote, right? If Clyburn now realizes he won't leave, they know, they believe me. They know they cannot win without the black vote. And I mean 90% of the black vote, if you believe anywhere close to the polls as being accurate, Biden is not even in a ballpark of 90%. He may lose 20% of the black vote. Here's what I'm worried about. This is how this ties into the Patriot Front, which I've been researching for a while now.


Folks, I'm really afraid they're gonna manufacture some racial incident. This is a lot to digest. So let's, let's take a deep breath together, okay? 'cause this is an important segment and I hope I'm wrong. I hope we point back to this show on what is today, July 10th? I don't know. I lose track of time. I am actually praying. We point back to that show and go, ah, I'm glad that didn't come true. I mean that, but the same team with the Covid stuff, the same team with the mail-in ballot fraud. The same team with the Deep state laptop, fraud, collusion, Spygate. They have shown us they are capable of everything and anything. And when they tell you what they're gonna do, believe them. Now, I wanna say upfront, I have no doubt that this Patriot Front group is real.


It probably is a small group of people. However, when this Patriot Front group shows up, I don't think it's the Patriot front all the time. Now Dan, you're obligated to bring receipts. I always will. I will never say anything. I can't back up. And if I'm speculating, I promise, I'll tell you. I'm speculating. Remember this story in The Guardian. Look at the date. It's October of 2021. You know the Lincoln Project run by that. The dude with the body odor problem. I mean he just, he really does stink. I ran into him in an airport. Rick Wilson. The guy had like this pigpen, it was just, I'm sorry. It was like disgusting.


I want to throw up. I did. I met him in every guy stunk to the heavens. He runs this Lincoln project with this grifter Reed Galen who tries to sell access to his dad. The guy's a total loser. Wait, go back to that a second. They at a Glenn Youngin who's the Republican governor right now, during the last final days, right before the November election in October, they had a bunch of their Lincoln project members pose as these kind of patriot front white supremacists at a Virginia GOP event. So folks don't tell me it can't happen when it freaking happen. They've done this before. So when I see the Patriot front, which I, I don't by the way, I don't doubt is real, but I don't think it's nearly as pervasive as the left wingers want you to believe.


I think they're going to use the aura of this white supremacist patriot front thing to manufacture a racial incident because you're seeing it all heat up. Now, this was just taken last week. This is a video of the alleged Patriot Front. I say alleged 'cause nobody knows who these guys are. Are they lefties? Are they Lincoln Project people? I have no idea. They randomly show up in this town until some proud boys show up and they're like, You. know what? Take your masks off. Losers. Look at this. You guys see all this? And notice here, notice these Patriot front guys who get their asses kicked. By the way, they don't wanna take their masks off. Watch when one of them does, they freak out.


So I, I don't get it. If you're so proud of what you're doing, then why are you so afraid of people knowing what you're doing? Look at these guys. They're all freaked out. They're all covered in masks. Look, he takes the ma watch the guy look. He takes the mask off. The guy's hand goes right to the face. They don't want, look at that. You see it. Thank you at these guys very high tech over here. You see him covering his face. I don't understand, like I don't cover my face. I'm proud of my political ideas. If the Patriot Front are really Patriots, then why are you so embarrassed about being a Patriot? Folks, there's some shit going on here man. And I strongly encourage you to read this piece.


I don't know this reporter, but it's a pretty good story. It's at the Post Falls Press. This isn't a newsletter if it isn't, put it in there. bonino.com/newsletter. I want you to read this. I sent it to Avita yesterday. It's from February. This reporter, Daniel Walters is kind of curious as to how the, this government that is so obsessed with like January 6th, people throwing everyone in the gulag keep this title up a minute here. How is it that these Patriot Front people keep avoiding prosecution? It's like the weirdest thing that read the whole article. They send evidence to the FBI, the evidence disappears. It's just the strangest thing folks. It's almost as if this is a real group and there probably are some white supremacists.


But the left is using it to make you believe it's bigger than it really is. I'm telling you now, and I hope I'm wrong, the October surprise could be some fake racial incident. And the left wing media You know will obfuscate the whole story and propagate the narrative and the IC intelligence community be all in. I, this is one I hope I'm wrong about, but it's already happened before with the Lenin Project And. you know, someone sent, someone sent Rick Wilson some of that degree or something like that. I mean these guys have already done this. Maybe some antibacterial wash. I don't know. Are you supposed to even use that stuff anymore?


Be careful. I'm gonna take a quick break. but I, just before we do, I'm gonna ask a couple things of you. Do not get baited at a rally by someone who looks suspicious. Please do not violence. No bueno. Okay, And, you know that I don't, I'm not your Patricia. Okay? And second, be very ver, very, very, very careful who you let in your group. If you get some guy in there or woman who looks like a professional agitator, Occam's razor folks, they probably are. I would not be surprised at all if the IC or the bureau given their history of doing this, has assets in these fake white supremacist communities.


I'm gonna show you again why Biden's not leaving coming up. Quick break. I got a lot more for you. Be very cautious. You got me everyone in the chat, please confirm. Very careful we're not falling for these same tricks. Again, fool me once you heard the whole thing, folks feel the greens.


Hey, better health starts today. That's why I take field of greens. Listen, I did this for you guys 'cause I don't wanna You know. Be a bullshitter, right? This is my actual blood work here. Is that upside down? No it isn't. This is my blood work. I took a lab test. I take field of greens twice a day. It's ground up, healthy, wholesome fruits and vegetables. I had it today in green tea with a little cicu pill. I mixed it up. I took the wild berry, took a scoop. I love it. I do it twice a day. They have a doctor over there who selected all the fruits and vegetables to help support your health. Everybody knows fruits and vegetables are, that's God's nutrition man. It gave it, God gave it to us for good health. So this is it. My my HDL 81. Triglycerides 48. Cholesterol ratio 2.5. I mean, I'm just telling you that 'cause I don't want you to think I'm BSing you like the proof is in the pudding. Granted, I work out too and I stay healthy. But we all know nutrition, the real battles with the knife and fork. Go get yourself Field of greens today. I love it. Swear by it. One of my original sponsors, I wish I would've started earlier. That's my only regret. Field of greens comes in. Lemon lime, wild berry. Go look at the ingredients on the back. Healthy, wholesome, fresh fruits and vegetables. Ground up in a powder field of greens is a key to a better health. Better health today. When it matters most, let's get you started with 15% off plus free shipping. Go today. Just try it out. It's all I ask. Visit brick house nutrition.com/dan. Use promo code Dan for your discount. That's promo code. dan@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan brick house nutrition.com/dan Check it out. You're gonna love it. They're my original sponsor, I swear by 'em.


Alright, thanks. Field Green. Okay folks, back to the show. Again, be careful who you let in your group, but my worry here and how this ties into the fake racial incident. Remember where we started? Watch Jim Clyburn. If Clyburn is now going to marshal support or try to in the black community for Biden because Wall Street Journal, they can't push Biden off the ticket. Democrats efforts to push Biden off the ticket. Hit uncertainty. Look at the date. This is yesterday folks. He's not leaving. Then they're going to need to manufacture some racial incident and this Patriot front thing seems like the perfect vehicle to do it.


Please, please be careful. Okay, enough on that. Another person, Axelrod, we're gonna leave out for today. I told you to watch three people. Axel, rod, Clyburn, Warner. Okay? Axelrod's been a little bit quiet, but I'll keep my eye on him. Okay? 'cause he speaks for Obama. Mark Warner is the voice of the deep state period. I've already gone through at length in three books. Mark Warner, Senator from Virginia, he's right near Langley. He knows exactly what's going on with the CIA. They use him as a mouthpiece. Okay, Senator Mark Warner from Virginia. When he speaks, I want you to understand he's speaking for the deep state. He was a knee deep player in the whole collusion hoax. He was intimately involved with all of this stuff.


The Dan Chenko, the Russian things that in involved in the, the whole W of the WikiLeaks. He's knee deep in all of this. Now, I want you to read Mark Warner's tweet from just a couple days ago. This is his latest. He says, with so much at stake in the upcoming election, now's the time for conversations about the strongest path forward. Imagine he's speaking for the CIA and the IC here. As these conversations continue, I believe it's incumbent upon the president to more aggressively make his case to the American people and hear directly from a broader rou group of voices about how to beat and prevent Trump's lawlessness from attorney to the White House. Folks in the chat, how do you read into that?


The IC is already made their decision. Quote, you should hear directly from a broader group of voices. Who is Mark Warner speaking for? This is the ic, the intelligence community using Mark Warner as their megaphone saying, Dr. Neurosurgeon Jill and oatmeal brains, you are done. I don't know what we need to tell you, but you're done. You're not listening to us learn to de decode this stuff. Read Mark. I hate to ask you to follow him on X, but you should because I'm telling you, this guy is the deep state king on the Senate side. They go through him. This is the deep state saying they've had enough.


Now this should concern you because they will manufacture a racial incident or some October surprise and the censorship is going to get uglier. Another amazing account. These are the good guys. America first legal, you should be following on truth and X. These guys uncovered some new docs. Remember documents. Remember this Brennan Clapper group. Now you wanna talk about two little dukes and land, I mean aristocrats of the deep state. John Brennan, former CIA Head and Jim Clapper. These guys, folks, these guys are knee deep in this entire deep state operation. They have this intel group that's now working with the DHS new docs on this Intel committee reveal.


The group pushed the DHS to adopt covert influence campaigns and use trusted messengers to get the American people to feel a certain way about issues. Folks, they're spying on you right now. And here's the kick in the balls they're using, not the CIA, they're using the DHS that has a domestic mandate to do it. The deep state is now all in on stopping Trump and all in on getting rid of Biden because they see that Biden's not gonna stop Trump. Just read the tea leaves. It's right in front of you now. It's not just the possibility of a racial hoax that's gonna come down the pipeline. They are already manufacturing another Russia hoax. And here it is.


The hoax is gonna be this, that there's an influence campaign using artificial intelligence in the United States to demean Joe Biden. Holy shit, Dan. That sounds like something you said a few months ago because I did. Now I want you to listen to this question at the White House yesterday. Question as if this wasn't pre-planned. Notice how Kareem Jean Pierre is so excited about this question about artificial intelligence and deep fakes meant to demean Joe Biden after the election. Here's what they're getting ready to do, and I want you to listen to this question with this in mind. Brain tattoo, okay, if Trump wins, if which is likely, but no red wave talk, okay?


If he wins, it will be less than an hour before they start saying this isn't real. The impeachment star talks and they're gonna say, Russia used AI in an influence campaign. They're already setting it up right now. Listen to this supposed question, which is really a narrative setup. Check this out. Denigrate politicians in the United States and elsewhere have, have you, do you have any concerns right now that this is the leading edge of What happened? We cut that off. Yeah. Did it? No, we got, yeah, we gotta play this again. I want you to, Great politicians in the United States and elsewhere have, have you, do you have any concerns right now that this is the leading edge of any part of a Russian effort to interfering the election?


Has the president been briefed on this? And have you seen any evidence that the Russians or other foreign powers have tried to seize on the debate performance? Repeat some of the president's most embarrassing moments? So that's a very good question. I would have to talk to our team about those particular questions that you just asked. There were multiple questions in your statement there. I would leave it to the Department of Justice as what they announced, and obviously that's for them to speak to. Look, AI has always been a concern. That's why the president made some announcements recently in executive to take executive action on how we can deal with ai.


We not talk about this. I don't ever get enough of that. We talked about this, right? Chad Stirs, we talked about this, Anita, let 'em, we already talked about this. The Democrats hate ai, not because they think it's gonna lie to you, but they think it's gonna tell you the truth. Who in the chat remembers this conversation? So now what's gonna happen is broadcasted clips of Joe Biden melting down on stage and screwing up in the debate, which are absolutely real. Just like the laptop after they lose the election, if, if they're immediately gonna say, this was a cheap, fake, deep, fake influence operation, even though the clips are real.


And for those in the chat and listening, who may doubt me? Oh, Dan, of course they were real. Everybody knows they're real. How can they say they were fake? What do you mean? Like the laptop? Thank you folks. I love you guys. You guys are the best. I never wanna let you down. They did the same thing with the laptop. We knew that was real too And. they said, oh, it's Russian. They're gonna be clips of Biden. They're gonna be like, that's ai. The Russians did it. They're not afraid of ai. 'cause it's gonna tell you the a lie. They're afraid of AI because it's gonna tell you the truth, man. Oh look, wall Street Journal isn't this convenient. Russia seeks to boost Trump in the next election. US Intel officials say, folks I, I don't know what else.


I don't know what else I need to do. The IC intelligence community is totally corrupted. The FBI needs to be disbanded. These are now the upper level people doing this are now clearly enemies of the United States and clearly who have violated their oath. And I believe committed criminal acts trying to influence US elections. I have zero doubt about that. Keep it in mind. The Russia hoax a fake racial hoax. There's patriot front stuff. Do not be surprised. A virus thing that anything that happens, they've already done this stuff. This is not a Conspiracy Theory. It's already happened.


You ever see some of all fears? There's already been a first strike. What else did you possibly wanna hear? I'm sorry. I don't mean to sound like a dick You. know what I'm saying? I just get frustrated. 'cause there are some swampy out there like, oh my gosh, they wouldn't dare do that again. They've done it before. Oh, okay, sure. All right. I'm gonna explain to you next too. While Biden's, there's a really interesting money situation with Biden and Harris. They've got a real problem right now, and it all involves the convention, the Democrat Convention. They're in a real, folks. They are in such a sandwich right now. If You, know what I mean?


Freedom for school.com. Hey, Lenin said once. Gimme four years to teach the children and the seed I have so will never be uprooted. Look at what's happened in just the last four years. Purport the 40% of all 17 year olds on a math skills. 60% lack reading skills to hold down a job at a manufacturing plant. Another report shows the average college freshman's reading at a seventh grade level and all the woke stuff happening too. No good inflation's making things worse. You get a lot of questions about this company Freedom Project Academy. They have payment plans, so you don't need to choose between paying the mortgage and ensuring your kids that get a decent education freedom. Project Academy can vouch Form was built on Judeo Christian values and a classical curriculum. Students read full books. They write in cursive. They study the full scope of history. They graduate with knowledge years above many of their public school peers. People love Freedom Project Academy. Save 10% on tuition when you enroll at freedom fo r school.com. That's freedom for school.com. Check out their fully accredited courses, preview classes, payment plans, and just get a free information packet today. Stop indoctrinating the kids. Enrollment ends soon. So please don't wait. Take back your child's education at Freedom Project Academy. The website's freedom for school.com. That's freedom. FOR school.com. Go today. Don't let your kids get indoctrinated.


Finally, our last sponsor, MyPillow, they'll be involved with this heavily at the RNC next week. Hey You know they no longer have the support of the box stores or shopping channels the way they used to. It's a shame they've been part of this cancel culture. So they wanna pass the savings directly on to you. So that's a good thing. They're having a $25 extravaganza. When Mike Lindell started MyPillow, it was just a problem solution. One product company. Since then, with the help of his dedicated employees, they now have hundreds of products. Some of you may not even know about to get the word out. They're having a $25 extravaganza, two pack multi-use. My pillows, just $25 MyPillow sandals, $25 six pack towel sets, $25, brand new four pack dish towels. You guessed it. Just $25. And for the first time ever premium my pillows with all new Giza fabric, any size, any loft level, even king size, just $25. The software won't last long. It's incredible. So order now, just go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code. Dan, when you do, you'll get free shipping on orders over $75. Hey, who's going to the RNC next week in the chat? Anyone? We gonna see you there. We're gonna be broadcasting there the whole week. I'll give you the broadcasting schedule right at the end of the show, but we'll be giving away some MyPillow products too. If you wanna come by and say hello, we'll be there. You can't miss us. We have a huge broadcasting booth. Thank you to the RNC, by the way, for doing it. Laura Trump and Michael Watley. You guys are great


You know what? Lemme just give you the broadcasting schedule now. Anybody wanna know in the chat? So real quick, Monday regular show from the RNC 11:00 AM Eastern Time podcast, 12 o'clock radio show. Tuesday through Thursday, we are launching a new program. Who do you thinks with the legendary a Vita Duffy. Alfonso. She's a legend. She's already, she's starting a new show. Do you? I I, I. You, you just gotta watch. You just gotta, you want your news a be starting. So at, what was it? What time are we launching at 9:00 AM Am I writing is so terrible. 9:00 AM right? Eastern time. Yeah. 9:00 AM 9:00 AM Eastern time. Tuesday through Thursday. Next week I want you to come to my channel and watch the show with ata. You're gonna get the morning, morning scoop.


I'll be doing the podcast and then Tuesday through Thursday as well, you'll get ATA at 9:00 AM Eastern. You'll get me back in addition to regular programming at 7:00 PM Eastern time at night, Tuesday through Thursday from the RNC we'll be doing additional programming. So it'll be about five hours of the Dan Bongino Show every day. I hope you all can show up the Bonino Army. I would love to see you there. And please, once Avita launches the show next week, click that follow button. Anita, spread the word with the groin crew. You guys are the, you guys are the lieutenants out there, so we really appreciate it. Her show's great. I've seen a preview of it. She's been hammering out practice episodes for a while, so no better place to launch than the RNC.


You've heard her on my radio program. All right, getting back to the show. This is an important article for you to read too. It explains why the Democrats, how what do, let me rewind a bit. Who is going to be the only group of people that's gonna force Biden outta the race? The donors. The donors. The donors Can't say that enough. He doesn't care about anything else but the donors. That's why what Axelrod says matters. 'cause Obama controls the donors. Some guy in the chat was like, Hey Dan, why don't you ever talk about who's really running a show? We only do it every show. It's the Obama network. I've already told you that. They control the donors. The donors answer to Obama. That's why Obama had a guide Biden off the SA stage and show you who the You know the the big dog was.


He was telling the donors, I got this. I've already talked about this. Obama's the guy he speaks through ura, the donors. They need money. Folks, you cannot run a campaign without money. You just can't. It's not a matter of what Biden wants. It's a matter of logistics. It's like saying, Hey You know what? I'd really love to go spend some time in Germany. Well, what the you gonna do swim there. If no one wants to fly you there, you're not going to Germany. It doesn't matter. If you wanna go, Biden can want what he wants. If he has no freaking money, it's not gonna happen. The donors aren't there yet. But here's another money problem they have. Put this up on the screen. Wall Street Journal, Biden Has a hundred, Million Reasons to Stay In.


If Mr. Biden drops out before the Democrat party formerly makes him the nominee, FEC rules dictate no more than $2,000. If any campaign funds he raised may be transferred to any one other, any other candidate, including Kamala Harris. In other words, this a hundred million dollars he has can only be transferred to Kamala who make no mistake it's gonna be on the ticket there. No, there's no way they're dumping the first black VP woman. It's not a chance in hell. Forget that. Get that outta your head. She may not be the top, but she's on that ticket. Make no mistake, that can only be transferred to Kamala Harris according to FEC rules after he's nominated. The guy's not going anywhere this week.


I doubt it. I mean, unless something catastrophic happens, And, they say, screw the a hundred million, we'll start over and raise the money again. This is a lot of money to leave behind. It can only be transferred to Kamala Harris after the convention. Read that piece. It's fascinating how this stuff works, but it's what I've been telling you. The donor money matters. It's the only way. They're the ones that are ultimately gonna do that. They'll get out A Vita got a pin three new show. Anita, Anita Aida, new show with V two the next week at night. Yeah, you guys are great. Look at on the ball pin and tweets and everything like that. Alright, moving on folks. The story's not going away, okay? Voters will have a say too on the Democrats side. It's not just I'm, these are the voters. I'm telling you who Biden's gonna listen to. But it's not just Clyburn Obama, rod and Mark Warner.


The voters are getting pissed off too. Biden's approval rating is cratering. I don't know if you saw this, but the polls and swing states are now catastrophic. Listen, the cheating is going to be like nothing you've ever seen before. But here's the problem with cheating. There are two accounts on Twitter I strongly recommend you follow right now. If you really wanna be wired in with the tweet, with the cheating, there's a ton of, well, Cernovich is good. The last refuge, that's the Conservative Tree House guys and then Ned Ryan. Those three, there's a ton of good ones. I don't wanna leave anybody out on the cheating issue. Steve Miller's another one too. O Sean Davis from The Federalist. I'm sorry, but these are really, these are the accounts I follow.


They will tell you this, and this is an axiomatic truth. Again, brain tattoo time. Okay? Votes don't matter. Ballots matter ballot, that's all. If they can generate a ballot that voters don't matter, ballots matter. That is it. Hat tips Sean Davis for that axiomatic truth. All they need to do is generate a ballot. But to generate a ballot, you need a body illegal legal from Mars. It doesn't matter. You need some organism, okay? You need a body. It's really, really hard to make up an entire personality. Can it be done to generate a ballot? It can.


It's not worth the effort. Folks, you gotta remember to cheat and win, which is what they wanna do. They're not cheating to lose. Correct? Everybody with me. Follow me here. I ran for office. I had an election scam. Go on in my race. I know how this stuff works. You have to have a warm body. They're not gonna spend a week creating a fake person for one vote. They're going to need millions. They are down 10 in the recent Pennsylvania poll. 10 points, if that's even close to real. You are talking about millions of votes are gonna have to make up across these swing states. Millions. Now they have millions.


They have about 15 to 20 million illegals. They only need ballots. Fill 'em out, harvest them, and bring them back. The illegals aren't gonna show up and go, Hey, did I vote or not? They're illegal. They know it's illegal. The ballots have me concerned. So that's why I don't want any red wave talk. Having said that, I don't want you to be disgruntled either. Here's my battle plan. 'cause it's not, I don't wanna, I don't want I, I don't wanna sound macabre like, oh, it's all over. We won in 2016. Even though they cheated showing you we can do it. What do you think? They didn't cheat in 2016? Does anybody in the chat believe that, that they didn't cheat in 2016? If you do, I'm sorry.


You're crazy. We still won because we swamped it. We have a chance to do it again, a chance. But this landslide talk, shut that shit off right away. Anyone talking about it? Do not follow them. They have no idea what they're talking about. If it is, great, if it's not, here's the problem they have, and this is kind of a good note, folks. The actual voters do matter. Ballots determine elections, not voters, but the voters still matter. And when voters sentiment collapses what we call the big mo momentum, and the momentum turns into the negative mo where it is for Biden now, where every day it's getting worse.


You can't compensate with illegals for that kind of damage. You can try, but you just can't. It's getting uglier and uglier. I want you to put, I'm, this is about a minute 30. It's a little long. I can't stand this guy. He's a liberal goon. However, a lot of libs listen to this guy. And when you've lost John Stewart, I mean this guy is a gun grabbing lunatic, but once in a while, some corn kernel of truth comes out. This was his show just last week, just eviscerating Biden. I want you to remember the liberals. Listen to this stuff. Check this out. Hey, The difference is this.


I'll tell you the difference. I'll tell you the difference. The difference is Trump delivered at the debate to expectation. We expect him to be crazy, but biden's performance and inability to articulate at times was stunning. Like, I could not believe what I was watching. Just thinking about it again, just makes me want to rip up my why do we make this out of such strong material? But then it got worse.


Rather than respecting the American people and having an honest, at least partial conversation about what we had all seen, we were told immediately, these are not the droids you are looking for. He has a stutter. He Hasn't debated in four years. He was almost over prepared. He had an off night. People have an off night You know the president traveled six time zones, forward to G seven and he was also doing, continued to do his presidential duties. And also he had a cold. He was jet lagged. He'd been home for almost two weeks. He was jet lagged.


How big is that jet? The point is, for a campaign based on honesty and decency, the spin about the debate appears to be blatant bullshit. Who says, I, I wanna clear something up for you. I don't play these clips because there's, I always get some negative spill back on social media and people go, why are we celebrating this guy who, who, who's doing that? I just told you, this guy is absolutely an enemy of freedom and liberty wants to take your guns.


I mean, just go look at his stuff. I'm playing it. so we don't live in the bubble. Liberals live in. If you don't, what are the best assets to be in a conservative commentator and a conservative viewer of commentary like you? Apple, Spotify, Rumble is, we play what liberals are talking about, but they never play what we're talking about. They don't understand us, but we understand them. I want you to see what they're saying. I don't watch this show. Someone sent that to me. I I, I don't watch the show. I know who he is. I'm not stupid. That's what they're watching folks. Ballots win elections, not voters, but voters still matter because you cannot generate enough ballots to overcome a massive loss of support in voters.


Think about all the cheating they did. I'll prove it to you in 2020 where they done questionably fleeced it. Now nobody doubts that. Okay, well nobody's serious. They still almost lost that thing still. And that's with Covid going on. Biden up nine points in the polls. Don't get so disgruntled that you think it's a FAA accompli because the battle plan, which I suggested I alluded to before, the battle plan is we win, we take back the Senate, we take back the house and we, the priority number one is we shore up our elections. We push the states for voter id. The ones that don't have it, a lot of them do.


And we finally, finally clean up this non-citizen voting situation. Folks, they're losing everyone. I mean, this broke this morning with Snuffleupagus Snuffleupagus interviewed him on a, b, c the other day in that Friday interview. Even this guy can't keep his mouth shut. He's on the streets. Some guy's got some kind of hidden camera, asked him, Hey Stephanopoulos, what do you think about Biden? And then this happened. Check this out. Hey, excuse me. Hey, how you doing? Good. What do you think? Do you think Biden should step down? You talk to him more than anybody else have lately and you could be honest, serve some. You don't think you can serve four more years? Alright, that's an answer, Folks.


You don't think this is happening in liberal newsrooms across America. Now, here's the problem. The Democrats have, they needed a firewall. I want you to think like a Neanderthal Democrat for a minute. Okay? The problem they have now, obviously is potentially losing the presidency. And the chances of that are, are are good, not great, but good folks. If they lose the Senate and the house, Donald Trump will have two years before the midterms where he already knows where the bodies are buried. He will have two years to fix the voting system, clean up the economy. He will have unfettered access towards bringing the United States back towards a path of sanity.


It is the Democrat's biggest fear because they love the insanity, the border insanity, the world chaos, the economic insanity. That's their thing. Here's the problem they're having. Now, read this piece. This is super short, but man, is it worth time? It's in my newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. Politico, there's a remarkable split. Please listen to this. And consistent with polls in other states showing down ballot, Democrats outrunning Biden across the board. But there are reasons to doubt that. So leave this up a second. If we're saying something very simple, yes, Trump may win in these swing states. There are senate races on the ballot too though. They're like, oh, don't worry about it.


The Democrats are saying, because at least the Democrat senate candidates in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin are running ahead. Really? Now, read the second paragraph. In the past two presidential elections, 2016 and 2020, only once has the state voted for a different party for Senate than it did for President 2020 when Maine voted for Biden, but also reelected Republican senator Susan Collins. Are you really telling me that Republican voters are gonna show up, vote for Donald Trump, and then vote for some communist Democrat who's gonna impeach Donald Trump the second he gets into office? You are a moron if you believe that. There is no way.


I don't even care if you like these people running for Senate. All I care about is they're not as bad as the Democrats folks. I don't want to hear red wave talk for the thousandth time. But if we show up like we should, and these polls are even remotely true, we could take the Senate with 51 to 53, maybe 54 seats maybe, and the Democrats are absolutely screwed if that happens, because there's no firewall to stop what, what they see to be Nazi Donald Trump. Now, what's worrying me about this is if this gets worse, they're now starting to put out the seed for violence.


And when I wanna hear about the Democrats planning and plotting violence, I always go to Maxine Waters. Maxine is so crazy. She can talk about violence all the time. And the Democrats know she's dog whistling, but they know like the media thinks she's so nuts that they won't tell her to shut up. Here's Maxine Waters on a liberal cable news station. She's saying that the violence is gonna be Republicans. What she's really doing here, apply the dipsy, do flipper roof is sending a dog whistler to the Democrats today. If they win, you better hit the streets. Listen very closely to this. Check this out. I believe when the president talks about if he doesn't win, there's gonna be violence in the streets. He talks about civil war, he talks about bloodshed.


I think it's those kinds of issues that bring people together because he's talking about not only undermining our democracy, but he's talking about destroying it. And then when you connect that with what happened on January 6th, And, they understand that yes, you know, he really was in the leadership of that. He really is capable Folks. This is the Dan Bonino dipsy doof Lipper Roof theory. As this gets more desperate to tie the whole show together, the deep states already decided Biden needs to go. Are they gonna manufacture some fake racial incident to try to marshal black support?


I would be on lookout for it. They're already plotting the new Russia hoax. They just said it in a press conference. None of this is hard. It's not like Dan Bonino predicted it. They just told you, I just played the clip. They are going to get desperate Violence is on the menu. They're gonna blame it on Republicans. Be careful who you let in your groups. Someone I I, I don't wanna sound stupid, this may be a little hyperbolic, but sometimes extreme examples work you'll run in some group, whatever, tea Party 2.0, it doesn't matter what you call it, right? MAGA Central. And you get some new member just showed up, nobody knows. Say, Hey guys, I got a couple AKs in the house. I think we should go down to that dude is definitely a plant.


Call the cops immediately because, and then watch, he'll get outta jail the next day. It'll never be any charges. Be super careful. Do you have the right to assemble? Don't let anybody engage in a heckler's veto. But please, I you all are very smart. You're smarter than me. You don't need lectures. And I'm certainly not giving you one. Be extremely careful. I'm worried about this racial incident thing. I'm gonna end this on kind of a funny note too, because black support is, especially amongst black male voters, is absolutely hemorrhaging right now for, for Joe Biden hemorrhaging. They're going to do whatever they can. Here's Charles Payne though. This is why they're, they're, they're totally hapless.


Charles Payne's a friend who's a, a a, a good guy at Fox. He was on Gutfeld show the other day. Here is why Biden, if they don't manufacture a racial incident, will never ever recover the black vote. He's just a goofball. Black men, white men, Asian men, they all see right to it. He's just a clown. Listen to this, this is hilarious. Just Sunday, he was at the black church. Every time he is around black people, looks like he wants to call the police. He used to, he said, bring them. He said, bring a whole gang of paddy wagons. Brought 'em all up. We'll figure it out. The charges letter, but the face.


Did you see that at the church? Yes. He was scared as hell. He said, he said, I was raised in a black church and the guy had to show him how to give the offering. Like what? We usually taking money, not giving it. I'm a Biden damnit. He, He usually taking money, not giving it up on Biden. listen, man, I'm telling you, I met that dude many times. He's a genuine guy. He's the real deal. He's freaking hilarious. He can't recover the black vote. It's not possible. Now, I, I never played two clips of the same guy back to back. But here's Charles A. Little more serious. But he's right.


Black voters, a lot of 'em, I mean, some of 'em are You know, realized a long time ago. Obviously they're not a, a big one, big homogenous block. Realize a long time ago, Democrats have been lying to 'em. Every single place that is a largely black community, Democrats run is being run into the ground. There's a mass awakening happening right now about all the lies. This is why I'm worried about this fake racial incident. They can't recover the black vote because there's nothing black voters have in the Democrat ideological movement to vote for. There's nothing in it for them at all. Here's Charles Payne again, a little more serious clip talking about exactly that problem. Check this out. The lies about history, the Democratic party and black people are just from amazing.


What's amazing is that they get away with it. That's what's amazing. Almost everything they've ever said with respect to how they treat black people is a lie. How do they treat us? Ask our children who go to school in predominantly democratic cities, how well they're doing. He's right, folks. They can't recover. So what's the takeaway? The takeaway? This is the some homework. Everybody hates homework, so I shouldn't describe it as that, but some take home stuff. Watch Jim Clyburn. Watch Mark Warner. Keep your eye on Obama, rod, Axel, rod. Keep your eye on the donors. This is how you'll be three weeks ahead of everyone else. I promise you. And I want you to understand the Patriot Front thing.


That group is real, but the people who show up claiming to be them are most likely not. And if one of these people tries to infiltrate your group, be extremely careful. Hey, I wanna do a quick thanks. So I get to send a mail the day. I'm like, what the heck? Like I never get mail in my house. You know. It always goes to a separate place, but I get this. And I'm like, you're like, what is that? You're a Chicago Bears fan? Well, I'm a football fan. Remember the 85 Bears probably arguably the greatest football team ever. So I get this from the great Dan Hampton. Check that out. Bonino, you rock. Ha Dan, Dan Hampton, hall of Famer Dan o Love you brother.


This is like, this is going right in my office. If I was a running back like Bo Jackson, I'd be taking like Walter Payton the time I'd be taking a ball like this. This ain't going nowhere. Thank you, Dan. What a nice gift to send. We got a lot of people. I gotta, some famous singer reached out to me the other day too. I couldn't believe it. He's like, I love your show. You be stunned. How many people out there? I was shocked. I woke up, I told Paul, you're never gonna believe who DMed me. I ain't gonna say who 'cause it's not You know, but like, what the hell? So Bonino Army out there. We're changing some minds, man. You'd be shocked who sent this little message. There are people listening that are great. Dan Hampton, 85 Bears Rock on brother. I'm with you. Alright, so next week, huge schedule.


We will be going to the RNC. We are launching a spectacular new show with the great Avita Duffy. Alfonso gonna be a news-based program, of course, with her opinion because I value it greatly. But it's gonna be your way to get the nuggets of the news in the morning, 9:00 AM Eastern time, Tuesday through Thursday next week, and then we'll launch a more complete schedule after that. I will also be broadcasting additionally Tuesday through Thursday. Additionally, in addition to your regular programming at 7:00 PM Eastern Time, Eastern Time, Wisconsin's look, but 7:00 PM Eastern, we'll stick to Eastern for now, we will be doing a ton of interviews from the RNC, Anita, the Groins, all of you great P ones out there.


Spread the words everybody knows during the weekly show to tune in back again at night. We wanna send a real message that this is the home of the conservative movement. This is it. Nowhere else. Thank you all. Really appreciate it. Please click that follow button on Rumble, it's free. Download the Rumble app. We deeply appreciate it and give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. We made a massive jump on the charts yesterday. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.