
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host Dan Bonino. What do I keep telling you? Campaigns are only two things. Snapshots and sound bites. Why are you playing that thing again? That's the second time you did that yesterday too. You guys have like a loop or something like that? We're monitoring the Rumble stream. Oh well yeah, we'll turn it off. Listen, one first before I get to the snapshots and sound bites. I'm gonna, yesterday I'm really sorry. I know you guys don't like when I apologize sometimes, but yesterday show just sucked. I'm sorry It sucked. I had such great content two lined up. I was ready to rock and roll. I just get in a mood sometimes with some of these stories and I can't get 'em outta my head.


I'm just, you know, a human being like many of you and like many of you, like all of you, it's not dogs watching, you know, or non sentient beings. But I get these stories in my head and it's really hard. They're like little brain worms and it's so hard for me to pull 'em out. So you know, yesterday's show was just bad. Don't listen to it Andre. Just don't listen to it. Today's show is gonna rock, I promise you. The January 6th bomber story again, the biggest political scandal of our time. A what appears to be now a huge government insider job setup is now becoming obvious to anyone paying attention even mean mainstream cable news outlets that are are always calling things. Conspiracy theories are now starting to say, hey, maybe there's something there.


I got a lot big opening today. Most important part of the show,


you heard me rave about Beam Stream powder every week. Go, get it now. Stop delaying the stuff. Change my life. Get some sleep. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino.


I got that. Kamala Harris did an interview yesterday and not gonna spend too much time on it. you know why? Because she didn't say shit. That's why she didn't say anything. But. I'm gonna show you how this vacuum campaign of awful soundbites and even worse snapshot, her cackling all the time is only getting worse. I'm telling you she's in real trouble.


Hey, using the internet with Express VPN, it's like leaving your laptop exposed at the coffee shop while you run to the bathroom. Most of the time you're probably fine, but what if one day you come out and your laptop is gone, And the wind every time you connect to an unencrypted network, any hacker on that same network and gain access to your personal data. It doesn't take a lot of technical knowledge to hack someone. Just some cheap hardwares needed. A smart 12-year-old could do it. ExpressVPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device, And the internet so hackers can't steal your sensitive data. It take a hacker with a supercomputer over a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption plus ExpressVPN iss. Easy to use. Fire up the app, click one button, get protected. Works on all your devices. I use it. you know why somebody's business what you're doing online. That's why, especially with all the government's buying phones, laptops, tablets and more. Stay secure on the go. ExpressVPN, secure online data today by going to ExpressVPN dot com slash bino. That's RES ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. You get an extra three months free you sign up. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


Alright fellas, let's go. So Kamala Harris was gonna start quickly because there's really not a lot to digest other than the key takeaway. People who don't understand politics and that's a lot of folks and it's I, I get it. It's not their job to understand politics. Their job is to fly a plane, fix an HVAC system. I understand my job is to understand politics. If I have a useless job, people out there have real jobs. It's a useless job, which is hopefully useful for motivating people to vote. But, I, I don't produce stuff with my hands. What real people do? Adding value. Okay, I get paid to break this stuff down. I'm telling you, snapshots and sound bites are all that matters. Most of America is working and busy. If they are not persuadable, they're gonna see a 15 second soundbite and maybe a picture of Kamala Harris and both of them suck.


Here's what I mean. Here she is. Last night she did her first inter, I don't even wanna call it an interview, she did an interview with an obviously friendly opinion host who pretends to be a reporter who just got done saying Kamala Harris shouldn't have to say anything on the Bill Marsh Show that Trump is awful and Kamala doesn't have to say anything. We played the cut. Her name is Stephanie Rule from M-S-N-B-C. Is that why Kamala went there? Probably. So this is a perfect example of the Kamala vacuum. She's asked a very serious question about the economy and I want you to listen to the answer how it's nothing but ridiculous. Focus group tested talking points that mean absolutely nothing. That was even a shred of follow up. She would've collapsed.


Watch this, Expanding that child tax credit. Or you mentioned housing before, giving that extra money for a first home. If you can't raise corporate taxes or if GOP takes control of the Senate, where do you get the money to do that? Do you still go forward with those plans and borrow Well, but we're gonna have to raise corporate taxes and we're gonna have to raise, we're gonna have to make sure that the biggest corporations and billionaires pay their fair share. That's just it. It's about paying their fair share. Folks, this woman is so empty VAD and absolutely full of shit. It's stunning that even the M-S-N-B-C host lets us go.


What is the obvious follow up to that question? Anybody know? You And the chat. Know you're listening on Apple, Spotify, you know the answer. What's the freaking fair share? This is all Democrats say. What is the fair share Now for those listening at home, this is a pop quiz. Why do you think Kamala Harris will never, ever, ever listen to me, ever give a number on what successful people's fair share is? Why do you think anyone know any of you guys know? Because if she gives the number like Al Sharpton did in that dreadful interview with John Staal, we used to play all the time on the show.


Do we? If you find, yeah, if you can find it, that's probably should have put it in. Jim, put this in the radio show. This is what happens when you actually give a number. The rich, the successful, the people who work already pay the overwhelming amount of taxes in the United States. So this loser candidate, the worst candidate we have seen and even worse than Biden, Kam Harris, despite all of the media fluff, she is still collapsing in the polls. This woman sucks so bad she couldn't even be vice president. A job where she has nothing to do but show up and wait for something to happen to the president.


That's it. She couldn't even do that. I'm gonna play this for you in a second. Ladies and gentlemen, right now the wealthiest 1% of taxpayers pay about 40% of the income tax load. One out of every a hundred people pays 40 cents of every dollar in income taxes. What the is the fair? Share that in. That's why this dip wad loser will never give you a number. She's a vacuum. And who plays corporate taxes? Corporations. Where do they get their money from? Liberal morons. Liberal limb ils. Where do corporations get their money? Answer the question. Stop being dumb asses.


Answer the freaking question you morons. Where do corporations get their money? Oh, consumers, not consumers. Yeah, you dipshits corporations don't pay taxes. Corporations just pass the cost onto customers. Why are you liberal so stupid? Here's dumb ass Al Sharpton who made the mistake of actually answering this question because he was too stupid. He answers the question. Watch John Stossel make an absolute perfu outta him. This is one of my favorite clips of all time up there with Uri Beov. I can't play this enough. Watch this.


Not Pay their share. That's a widespread belief. But do the politicians even know how much of the income tax burden the rich pay? Now The top 1% in this country pays very much less than 10%, very much less than 5%. So what's fair? The top 1% should pay 10% of America's income taxes. 20%. They should pay somewhere around 15%. They don't pay 5%. Anybody could see that as unequal and unfair. So they should pay 15%. He says And the richest 1% now pay less than 10% then he said less than 5%. But that's so silly because, and I bet most of you don't know this, the IRS says the richest 1% of taxpayers already pay 34% twice what Sharpton wanted them to pay.


The reverend barely reacted when I told him they're already paying 34%. No, I think that if you deal with the quality of their lives, He quickly changed the subject. He never would admit how far off he was. Folks, do you see why I wake up every morning and I absolutely cannot stand liberals? Everything they tell you is bullshit. Everything you ask a strong conservative, a simple question on taxes, who knows what they're talking about? They will give you a coherent answer you wanna ask me anyway. Hey, hey Dan, what should the corporate tax rate be? I think it should be flat across the board.


Corporate tax gains income tax should all be flat. Wow, that was hard. No it wasn't. 'cause I'm not as stupid as Kamala Harris. Well Dan, what do you base that on? Well, very simply, I base it on Houser's law. You can look it up yourself. H-A-U-S-E-R Hauser law shows that over time a healthy economy will generally only be willing to tolerate about 17 to 20% of its GDP and tax revenue. Pretty simple equation. So if that's all it's willing to tolerate, I wanna basically venture towards the low end, maybe 15, 17, see where we go and generate a flat tax across the board so people don't move money around. You see how easy it is to answer questions when you're not a dumb ass liberal Liberals, why are you so stupid?


The answer is 'cause you choose to be stupid and you follow a candidate who says dumb things I about people to pay their fair share. Stephanie Rule, who is the worst interviewer I have ever seen? She just had to ask one simple question, which no liberal opinion host like her. She's not a reporter, she's not a serious person. Stephanie Rule should have said you are gonna be the president of the United States potentially. What is the fair share and how did you come up with that number? When is someone gonna ask the mother in question when anyone is this a lot to ask? Sorry, I didn't even plan on spending that much time on this 'cause I wanted to get to this January 6th thing and we will, I promise it's coming up next.


But again, we've got an election going on right now. It's not coming early. Voting's already started the election's here right now. Are people waving signs out in my neighborhood? Here's one more clip. This is peak Kamala Harris right here. The this is, this is a genuinely low IQ person. Sometimes we call people stupid 'cause we're pissed off. This is a seriously low intelligence quotient person. She has no aptitude at all and she has an awful social iq, cackling, dopey stuff. This is her answer. She cannot, she has no ability to articulate a vision. So what she does is she gets lost in buzzwords. So someone must have said to her the world ho word holistically and she was like, is that an SAT word?


Watch her repeat it I think three times in 15 seconds 'cause she can't think of anything else to say. This is your candidate. Check this out. And Assistance to state and local governments around transit dollars and looking holistically at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically at the incentives we the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in a holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing. Folks, this woman is a moron and I'm sorry to all like the the, the, the, the mainstream swampy Republicans don't call her a moron. She's a moron and everybody needs to see it.


She is. And you listen. You can not, here's the difference. You can knock trump all you want and say, well I don't like his vi vocabulary. And the use words he uses fine I can point to you a litany of business successes and some failures here and there, but at least experiences that would lead me to believe that this guy's got experience leading major corporations and leading the country. I can also point to point to a four year record conservative justices. The Abraham Accords, the tax cuts GDP growth. I can point to some failures, the covid stuff as well. But I can point to someone with a body of experience I can use as a metric. This moron can't do anything. She can't speak, she can't deal with a group of people.


She can't even fake an accent. She's had like a hundred different accents now she goes from a Spanish accent to faking other accents. The woman is just a fraud. She's a total phony. How can you vote for this woman? This woman should seriously lose 47 states and don don't even know what the three are. California, Illinois, Hawaii. That's it. This is, this case is just an awful candidate. I can a holistically view the holistic ations And, the holistic. What are you talking about? A Venn diagram of vocabulary words you don't understand. And I May get on the school bus with the Venn diagram and holistically Evaluate the electric vehicle mandated how it affects the Venn diagram school bus.


The woman is an idiot. She's going to destroy your life and your business. And she has a project 2025 too. Taking your money, taking your kids late term abortion, taking away your guns, raiding your house, stealing your healthcare plan. It's right in front of you. Just listen to her own words. Listen to it holistically. Yes, my Justin said it right. Do you know the I'm on those Is those word of the day things. I enjoy a deep vocabulary. But I. Try not to use overly complicated words when a simple one will do. That's the mark of really an unintelligent person, not an intelligent one.


She must get the word of the day thing and be like you. She used this like I I always, when I was in, when I was in graduate school studying psychology, I'm sorry you're never supposed to say your education, but there's this thing in the brain called the decussation of the pyramids. And you'll hear me say that a lot 'cause I always said that was kind of a funny like way to describe this, this structure in the brain that's Kamala Harris. Like she'll talk about the decussation of the pyramids and stuff and she's never, she read it somewhere in a book. That's who she is. Like that's just who she is. Alright, this story is where I was gonna lead today before I added these things late folks, this is precisely why I refuse to trust the government to investigate itself. And if you do, I'm sorry, you're a fool.


I don't want, I'm not, if you're listening to my show, I love you. I don't mean if you trust the government to investigate itself. The assassination plot January 6th, Spygate Russiagate collusion, the government, if you're trusting them to investigate the Roman malfeasance, you are absolutely out of your mind. I don't trust the inspector general who was up on Capitol Hill Horowitz. Did you see this yesterday about January 6th and other things. I do not trust this guy as far as I can throw him. And I got a bad arm. I couldn't throw this guy a yard. Nobody. I want to. This guy is a fake and a phony and a fraud. He could have exposed the January 6th pipe bomber case a long time ago and he refuses to, he could have blown up the whole Spygate thing and he didn't.


I want you to listen to this exchange. It is looking more and more likely, if not probable, if not certain, every day that the entire January 6th narrative you heard about the insurrection is almost all bullshit. I say almost all because there's some stuff there that shouldn't have happened and we should acknowledge that. But the instigators behind it and some of the people in there, it is now obvious that the story you've been told it colossal bullshit And the pipe bombs at the DNC where Kamala Harris was on January 6th. She was not at the capitol when the proceedings started. She was at the DNC. It is now clear to me that this was an inside job.


I I can say with almost absolute certainty from a whistleblower who was there who strongly believes it was a government contractor who planted those bombs to set up a fake assassination plot on Kamala Harris to basically generate sympathy to shut down people from questioning the vote on January 6th. How do I know this Here? Here's the IG Horowitz. Tom Massey is a Republican congressman. I don't care about your personal feelings about this guy. This guy has been all over the pipe bomber case on January 6th, all over it. He's not letting it go and we should applaud him for it. He's a plus one on the spreadsheet. Here's Massey asking about the January 6th pipe bomber videos are disappearing.


Nobody seems to wanna know who it is. Why would the FBI not wanna know who it is? Because if they put out a video showing you who it is and someone recognizes him, this whole thing's gonna blow wide open. Listen to Horowitz Squirm on this. Check this Out. We've got a failed, FBI's failed investigation of the January 6th pipe bomb. Are you looking into that at all? We've had discussion. I know congressman about it and we have followed up and I I can speak to you about that. I mean, they keep saying it's an ongoing investigation, but they've got no leads, no suspects. They've lost information. They've lost evidence, they can't find evidence. Secret Service deleted all of its texts on January 6th.


Steve Dan, the guy in charge of Washington DC field office says that the cell phone data that would, could have been used to find the bomber was corrupted. And now we just found out, I found out from an from another Inspector general and I wanna submit this for the record objection. Yeah. He, I asked him, do you have the footage, the video footage does the FBI have the video footage of the DNC on January 6th and he tells me when he asked the FBI for the video footage, they don't even have video footage of the DNC that we know was created on January 6th. It's almost, I mean, so it's almost as if they don't want to know. Can you rule out that there were any confidential human sources involved in the whole pipe bomb thing on January 6th?


I I, I'm not, I I'd have to go back congressman and, and refresh myself on what we've information we've gathered to date on that I don don't know as I sit here, okay, that would be I don recall. Huge revelation. I'm happy to come. I I think we should get that and get it public before the election. I yield back Folks. Do you see this guy squirming? Are you seriously telling me with a straight face that the Inspector General with access to all the records, the Inspector General And, the Office of Inspector General, their job is like the internal affairs for the government. They have access to everything. Are you seriously telling me nearly four years after January 6th that the freaking Inspector general with all the power in the world to investigate that needs to refresh his memory about basic questions.


Like where are the Secret Service emails and texts from that day and why'd they disappear with their secret service lying? They said it was a tech update. That's an absolute lie. Show us the contract. They're lying now. He's telling us in a new bombshell. The FBI doesn't even have the video footage of the bomber. Alleged bomber planting the bombs. And then we found out years ago, thanks to Darren Beatty and Julie Kelly, an air amazing reporting, we found out that the phone records of the geo tracked alleged bomber who was calling someone while he was allegedly planning the bombs. The phone records were corrupted. No one else's just his folks.


Listen to me. I'm gonna take a break and I'm gonna come back to this story. I got more and more video from Massey. Listen to me please. This was absolutely an inside job by the government. 100%. 100%. I'm, I'm going all in 100%. And you know, I do facts. People send me theories all the time. I'm not gonna call 'em conspiracy theories. They send me theories. Some of 'em are viable. If I've responded to you, you know what I say, send your evidence. Don't send me an opinion. I'm not that. I don't care about your opinion. I do. I value your opinion, but opinions, I need facts to back 'em up. I have a, a incontrovertible series of facts.


Whistleblowers missing data, secret service data missing FBI data missing Cell phone Company data missing a, a agent I whistleblower at the scene telling me he was told to stand down A couple days later, someone telling me they strongly believe this was a government contractor And the Secret Service, not detecting a bomb that was allegedly there. Bullshit. This was a hundred percent an inside job that was designed to generate sympathy on an assassination plot. And they didn't need it when the riot broke out at the capitol. I'm all in and I'm gonna show you more evidence coming up in a second biggest scandal out there without question coming right back.


Hey, the number one question I get from listeners, how can I join the parallel economy? Get into conservative fight. It's critical to know where your dollars are going. A lot of credit card companies are funneling millions to left-wing causes and candidates and they're hoping you don't notice. But now you have a choice. Coin is America's conservative credit card. Find 'em at coin.com. C-O-I-G-N with every transaction you help coin advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. And it's a great looking credit card you'll take pride in using it's bright red with we the people on the front can't beat that. Coin works everywhere. Visas accepted comes with a 100% US based customer service and consumer protection guarantees. It's the only card worthy of our, of, of your wallet and our wallets. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now@coin.com at COIG n.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino. And how did you hear about a section terms apply? Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details back to the show.


Darren Beatie, Julie Kelly, have been all over this story. Cannot thank 'em enough. They are not letting this January 6th story go. Ladies and gentlemen, it is a huge freaking scandal. You have been told January 6th was an insurrection worst in Pearl Harbor, the Civil War, all this stuff. Now you're finding out slowly but surely that the government had an enormous role in January 6th and they're hiding this thing now. Do you see why I'm gonna ask you a question, please, folks in the chat, please chime in. Now, do you see why it is so important they make Donald Trump go away before the election? Do you get it now? Is all this stuff coming together? If this guy gets elected, every one of these agencies involved in this is gonna be feverishly burning paper and deleting emails.


But there are other people who have them. They're just, trust me. There are other people who have 'em. That's why they're terrified. Kamala Harris gets elected. The Cackler, the Low iq, cackler, all this. You will never, ever, ever get to the truth here. This is in a newsletter today, right guys? This wasn't in a newsletter. Everyone's fired. It was that in there? Okay, good. We can preserve jobs. This is good. I don't want the union getting on me or anything. Revolver. You gotta read this story breaking yesterday. Government source confirms FBI dirty tricks with key January 6th pipe bomb footage with footage as coverup unravel. So folks leave this up on the screen. I'll take you down Darren Beatty's team as a new source.


Here's the bottom line. The the FBI is telling us in front of the DNC when Kamala Harris was in there that there was some assassination plot and a bomb was there. There's video, there is an extensive camera network around the DNC. But the weirdest thing is, as Tom Massey just told you in that clip, the FBI is claiming they don't have the footage. Oh really? Here from the piece first we de we definitively proved that the FBI decided to withhold footage from the DNC camera from the public, which would clearly show the pipe bomber actually planning the bomb. We encourage readers who have not read our piece on this to watch the following video. And you can see it in the piece. We wanna watch it here. Here. Let me just bottom line up front folks.


The FBI in the DNC have a video and a camera focused on the bench where the pipe bomb was planted and yet nobody's seen it. Why? The answer is simple because if they make public the video of the man or woman planting the pipe bomb, someone's gonna recognize that person and they're gonna be like, oh my gosh, that's Eddie Jones or Tony bag of donuts. And I can almost guarantee you the conservative media's gonna be at that person's door and is gonna find out they were working with the anti-Trump crowd. 100%. A hundred percent.


I am all in on this here. His source, the government official part two from this piece, this piece only gets better. By the way, the government official in question reported that the DNC footage of the bomber that they watched depicted the pipe bomber actually planning the bomb. They have the footage and quote, did not note any problem with the frame rate or the clarity of the picture. In contrast, by the way, to what the FBI released publicly, which is some grainy picture, the government official did not as one would expect obtain this footage from the FBI.


Instead, the government official watched the footage at the DNC building, Darren Beatty and his crew. If this whistleblower is legit, and I have no reason to believe he isn't, you have just cracked open the scandal of a lifetime that there is a clear video of some person planting this pipe bomb that the FBI's hiding the secret services, deleted the texts of And, the phone companies, private phone companies, that private phone companies are out there corrupting files to not expose who this person is. Ladies and gentlemen, this guy just blew open the biggest scandal of a lifetime.


I have not changed my story for three years on this. This was an absolutely an inside job. There is no way the government is going through all this trouble to hide this person's identity. Why doesn't the FBI want you to see the bomber? I will tell you again because if they put the video out there, if they put this out there, there you go. If they put some clear video of this out there, of this person dropping the bomb and there's an identifier they can see, they will identify this person. Conservative media B is good, man, what's that? How can they say this video is good quality? That video is absolute shit. They released a garbage video on purpose.


You can see it on the screen right now if you're watching on Rumble. They released it on purpose. And by the way, I don't believe that's the bomber at all because the Secret Service would've did that's, that's the night before the Secret Service would've found the bomb. Even remember the bomb dogs are not political folks. Even if you're in the chat, understandably saying, Dan, we're all the secret service failures lately. How could they miss the bomb? It's not the dog walked by it, folks. I'm not, I'm not apologizing for anyone. I'm not telling you there couldn't have been involvement. I'm not telling you it's not secret service corruption. I'm not telling you any of that. I'm simply telling you, the dog is not political.


The dog is trained to sit when it senses an explosive, there is zero chance it misses the bomb. The only explanation is the bomb wasn't there. It was only placed minutes or seconds before it was found. Is there another, there's another piece to this, right? Oh, gimme yeah, dear. One more piece to this. Darren says, finally there's the odd fact that the government official in question had to go to the DNC rather than the FBI remember Massey, did you the video I just played Massey asking Horowitz or Hapless Inspector General here. Hey man, how does the FBI not have this video? The DNC has it. He says it's possible the officials simply wanted to go to the source of the footage and got lucky that the DNC hadn't deleted it yet.


Cur, yeah, like it curiously deleted its footage from January 6th. Again, why delete the J six footage and hold onto the footage from the evening before? Remember that guy you're seeing on the screen or woman is from the night before. I don't believe that's the real bomber and they're not even releasing clear footage on that. Folks, this is a huge monster scandal. I want you to watch Horowitz again in this video. I'm gonna take a short break. Our last one, Horowitz squirm again under questioning what Massey, when he's asked another critical question, which makes me now affirmatively 100% believe my conclusion is true. This was an inside job.


The bomber part. The bomber part and that the so-called insurrection. There's a deeper story there and we haven't even scratched the surface. I'm gonna show you Horowitz squirm after this when he's asked a simple question about the number, the number of informants in the crowd. Massey asks a really smart question here.


Last break, folks. Blackout coffee. It's time for you to be awake, not woke. Blackout coffee supports hardworking Americans. Our constitution, they love this country and they don't hide from it. Folks, I love this coffee. I drink two, three cups a day. Their, their quick brew that comes in the can is absolutely delicious. Their blueberry crumble coffee. Amazing. Paula's favorite cinnamon French toast. My favorite. It, it, it, it, I'm be honest with me, it tastes like a treat more than anything. I absolutely love it. The dark chocolate flavor. Fantastic. This is the official coffee of the Bonino Army. Skip the long lines in the store. I am proud to personally recommend Blackout Coffee order online. The folks at Blackout love this country. They love their customers. They ship within 48 hours of roasting. It is fresh. It is bold, it is never bitter. The coffee's delicious. I'm obsessed with coffee. I've been offered a lot of coffee, the kind of deals in the past. This is the best. Blackout coffee.com/bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Stop drinking that woke crap. Coffee run by people who hate America. It's a proud American company. Loves their coffee, loves their customers. The website, blackout coffee.com/bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to blackout coffee. Join the Bonino Army, the official Coffee Bonino Army.


You like that


Ladies and gentlemen, our last sponsor, gen Uel having an end of summer sale. Get this top selling gen Uel dark spot corrector right now and help those dark marks and sunspots disappear right before your eyes. Here's Stephanie from California. I have skin damage from using the sun. Love the product. It reduces the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger even at my age. Hey man, I'm almost 50 sun spots, brown spots discoloration. Imagine those inflamed patches on your face disappearing in front of your very eyes. The Gen Cell skincare guarantee is amazing. You'll see the results, the very results, the very first they guaranteed are your money back. So take advantage And the Genelle most popular package, which includes the classic genus cell bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects. All at about 70% off. So try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. And if you're a new customer, there's a big surprise waiting for you on genus sell.com right now, just look for the word red new customers only, please. It's simple. Go to genus sell.com/dan and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. GENU c.com/dan. A limited edition beauty box with two Skincare Essentials absolutely free with your order right now. Genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan.


Thanks genus sell back to the show. We always appreciate your patience. Sponsors are here to talk to you. They keep the show free and we appreciate them. Watch Horowitz Squirm. So remember January 6th is two separate incidents. It's the capitol And the pipe bomb at the DNC watch. Horowitz Squirm when asked about federal assets at the capitol. And Massey asks a brilliant question to Republican congressman because he knows the government has to create a paper trail for everything he asks specifically about reimbursements and travel reimbursements for the agents. This is just brilliant. Watch this. Is it gonna be done before the inauguration?


That is certainly my hope and my opinion. It's your hope. We're four years into it and we know what we do know is you're gonna expose that there were confidential human sources at the Capitol. Do you, can you tell us today how many went into the capitol? We, I I'll have that information in the report. I I'm not able to speak to information in there. Both because it's in draft and we get a response from the department And, the FBI. Okay, but also because I don't know yet what's classified and not classified. So if they broke the law, if they went into the capitol, which I, we pretty much know, there were confidential human sources who went into the capitol and right there alongside of everybody else, wouldn't they need to follow D-O-J-C-H-S protocols?


And do you know if those were followed, they, they should follow CHS protocols. And, again, we will include that information in the report. Do you know how many were reimbursed for travel? As I sit here? I don't recall the number. You But, I, But I don't recall or you won't tell us. Well, and if I didn't know it, I, I wouldn't be in a position to tell you because we still have to go through, we're four years into this. This folks, listen again, I I'm not asking you to love or hate these congressmen. don don't care. don don't wanna date the guys. This is not a Tinder episode. These are representatives in a representative democracy, constitutional republic when they're plus ones, they deserve accolades when they're minus ones.


They deserve condemnation. Massey's questioning here is brilliant. It's not, did you notice what he's doing here? It's not the typical vapid like were there chss. 'cause he knows what the confidential human sources in the crowd feds in the crowd. He knows the answer's gonna be. So what does he do? He sets up Horowitz and Horowitz walks right in the trap. He says, can you give us the number? And instead of just saying, well, I can tell you the number zero, he acknowledges that there is a number. Meaning there were confidential human sources in the crowd, which I already told you a whistleblower has 100% confirmed to me.


He was there and he showed me the pictures. There were absolutely a number of feds in the crowd that day. I can tell you that with absolute certainty. Now this was such a nuke yesterday that all of the, you know, mainstream media outlets that have run from this story while Julie, Darren Beatty, me and others have been all over it and called conspiracy theorists, that there were feds in the crowd. No one touched the story when I brought it up. P ones, do you remember the show when I brought this up? You guys are like diehard any groins. It was like three weeks ago when my whistleblower friend reached out with the actual pictures of feds in the crowd.


Nobody touched it. Nobody reached out to me. Nothing. Zero people now it made it onto Fox. Pretty soon it'll be making it to other places too. You see how this works? We lead the way. Everybody follows along later. Here's Fox's Kerry Kupec, who's a very nice lady by the way, saying, wow, Horowitz kind of set himself up there acknowledging for the first time really that there actually is a number of confidential human sources in the crowd. Watch this. Oh, I think he was definitely implying yes there were. Because when he was asked, well how many of them these confidential human sources were, which are effectively spies for the FBI, it's a tool of law enforcement.


When asked how many were reimbursed for travel, he said he didn't recall the number off the top of his head. Which indicates there there's a number. And so I personally think this is the sleeper story of the day. you know, so many lawmakers and pundits were decried as crazy for suggesting that there could be confidential human sources involved in January 6th. And it looks like there might just have been. Now of course the questions are what was their level of involvement? What was the conversations there? Were they in fact enticing or inducing anyone to commit crimes? 'cause that would be a whole separate legal issue. Of course. Sure. But lots of questions. And out of this very interesting testimony, Sorry Kerry Obon, she got married but it was Pac was a maiden name.


These guys are wonder, they're in a rundown. They're like, who's that? Who's scared? That's the carry bond. Congratulations on your marriage, brother. Yes, it's the story of the day folks. You see why now I get a little frustrated. I don't wanna get into, I don't wanna do you. I don't wanna that ass up this show again like I did yesterday getting too emotional. So I'm gonna just make a quick point and I promise you have my word. I'm gonna move on. You understand now how much you guys mean to me that I put stuff out there Only when I can back it up. When I'm speculating giving an opinion, I'm doing it on fact. Why? Because you guys are always two weeks to two months, even two years ahead of the new cycle, moving on.


I told you there were feds in the damn crowd and a lot of them. And you watch the January 6th pipe bomber story is going to be the biggest scandal of our time when you find out it was an inside job and you're only gonna find out if Trump wins. Which reminds me, we got an election coming up. You see how today's show flows so much better. 'cause yesterday I was in such a good mood when I don't get crazy sometimes I get nuts. And I'm sorry you gotta live through that with me. But I'm honored. We, you know what's crazy? the show sucked and we were still the number one stream in the world. More than doubling the number two guy, the Pat McAfee show. It's a great show. Expect another October surprise. They will not let Trump win folks.


They will not. It has nothing to do with tax cuts. Trust me. It has nothing to do with it. The liberals don't really care about Trump's policies. They care about Trump's attitude. They care that Trump's coming in here with four years of experience, knows where the bodies are buried and he's ready to start opening some closets, okay? And it is driving them freaking bananas. They cannot have him asking these questions. He's in a lot of trouble. Excuse me, she, Kamala Harris is in a world of trouble. I've been using this guy a lot 'cause I don't wanna be accused of bias and I never wanna be a lefty. There's this guy, Harry Anton on CNN and he strikes me as one of these guys who, he's obviously probably not a conservative, he works at CNN, but he strikes me as one of these guys who wants to tell you the truth, pre-election if you're a liberal.


So he doesn't look like a moron If Trump wins this thing big on election day, if if let's got ahead of ourselves. I'm serious. I I bet the viewers at CNN hate this guy. Here he is again saying, listen, this woman is in real trouble. People may not like Trump, they may not like his tweets, they may not like his attitude, but this is why I played that Jamie Diamond clip yesterday. But so many people are fed up with the nonsense. They're gonna pocket that stuff and even though they don't like 'em, they're gonna vote for 'em anyway. Don't, don't li again, don't listen to me. I always bring the receipts. If you're a liberal, this is your own network. Check this out. It's One of the most fascinating dynamics throughout this presidential campaign. We have spoken about Kamala Harris's popularity and how it has taken off, right?


So this is the net favorability rating. And look, Harris is more popular than Donald Trump, right? If we're looking across an average of Pulse Harris's net favorability is plus one point in positive territory. Donald Trump is still in negative territory when it comes to his net favorability at minus nine points. You'd look at this and you'd say to yourself, oh, Kamala Harris should be well ahead in this race. But that CNN poll out yesterday had Harris up by just a point. The Quinnipiac University poll that was out yesterday showed something very similar. So the bottom line here is that Kamala Harris Harris is in positive territory. She's clearly better liked by Donald Trump, but yet we have a very close horse race on our hands. So Popularity can mean different things. Yes.


Alright, so Donald Trump, personally, not very beloved, right? This is something we've heard from a lot of his supporters that maybe they don't love him personally, but they liked the job that he did as president Folks, that's probably, that's probably top five. One of the most important clips regarding the election I've played in the last six months. I'm hearing this all over the place. I live in a 50 50 county. Justin, can you vouch, he lives here too. Gee, he's been here a while too. I forget how long he's been here. This is a 50 50 county. We've had a Democrat, congressman, and a Republican one. It's probably maybe a little, maybe 55. Now, But I promise you, I do not live in a deep red area of, I wish it was redder.


I'm just telling you, I have not seen a single, have you seen one a, a Harris wall sign? Seriously? If he's, no, I did. There was one on where Point Road, where is it? There was one. So Justin says there's one on Sewell's Point Road. It's such a big deal and he remembers it 'cause it's the only one he's seen. I'm just telling you, I'm sure they exist. I haven't seen any. This woman, people do not like her. She is an idiot. Everything she's proposing, she's backing away from and then proposing something different. And then you go back to the old stuff and she goes, oh, I didn't say it But. I did they? Nobody wants a vacuum. People may not like Trump, but they liked his presidency. And now I told you the left is gonna double down folks.


There are two kinds of, I don't wanna oversimplify it, but you know, snapshots and soundbites are what elections are about. But in the macro picture, if you're running for a can for a campaign like a presidential campaign, which is gonna be a big diversity of ideas from around the country. You're not running in like Staten Island, New York or Los Angeles. You're running in a big diverse country. There are only two kinds of campaigns. There's these base mega base elections where those are the ones basically Donald Trump runs. Let's just be candid. Donald Trump's gonna get independence, but he's not gonna get a lot of swap over Democrats outside of working class folks. He's not. Donald Trump is gonna get his base and people who are with him no matter what, and he's gonna move a couple other voters here or there.


Then you have these other kinds of elections. You have the elections where massive amounts of independence and other swap over. In other words, 1984 Reagan perfect example. A 1984 Reagan won 49 states. He only lost Mondale's home state. Do you have any idea how many Democrats and independents voted for Reagan? That's just not the kind of elections we're were that that we're having anymore. They're not. Everything's a base election. Kamala Harris now realizes she's not flipping anyone. The polls are devastating. The election's already going on. Did you see the early voting requests and mail-in ballot requests at, what was it Pennsylvania. It is just devastating for Harris. She is in a world of pain. If we execute and bring 10 people, we will win this thing.


I told you they were gonna double down on crazy and now you're seeing it. Did you see this video yesterday outta Congress? You should play this everywhere. This is what rep Stacey Plaskitt. This is one of the craziest admissions you will ever hear on Capitol Hill from, again, a representative simply too stupid to shut up. She basically admits in this video that they can't lose to Trump because they're really used to weaponizing the DOJ and FBI to go after their opponents and they don't wanna lose that ability. Imagine being dumb enough to say this out loud and not realizing you put your foot in your mouth. Watch this. What is the point of this subcommittee? Because it's necessary for the public And, the media to hear, to try and provide cover for the eradication of the Department of Justice And, the FBI.


We are having these hearings so that you become immune, you become ignored to the notion of the removal of the FBI and DOJ, so that those agencies are no longer there to serve as a check against white nationalism, great replacement theorists, Christian nationalists, white fragility fascists, And, the twice impeached, convicted felon former president and would-be dictator Donald Trump. Can you imagine admitting this on video, admitting that your ridiculous racial division wars that you've used the FBI and DOJ as your frontline troops to attack people in your DEI wars.


I love how she cites the great replacement theory, by the way, which is a democrat theory. They've literally written about, read the New York Times article called We Can Replace Them. It's an actual article. Read the UN Report about replacement theory demographic destiny. It is a Democrat strategy. It is an actual written discuss strategy. I love how she talks about it as if it's a Republican thing. Us noticing what you are up to. I have played the Demographic Destiny video of Democrats talking about it probably 50 times. It is all they talk about. Imagine admitting this folks, this was a, this thing went viral yesterday because Republicans, conservatives and sane Democrats are like, holy shit, this woman just admitted on tape that they weaponize the FBI and DOJ to come after us using their fake DEI thing as a cover.


You see this one? Here's one of Biden's cabinets secretaries, the insane Gina Raimondo from Rhode Island. This woman is a lunatic. She's one of the stupid smart people we talked about. I told you they were gonna double down on crazy. Why fit it into my bigger picture? They have already transitioned from running a pretend moderate campaign to going full left and crazy to try and get out their mega base, dump the filibuster. These crazy fair share things she's talking about. This is all far left gobbly gook shit. It doesn't mean anything. They've transitioned. They're not trying to get independence anymore.


Here's Gina Raimondo again, pandering to the base talking about Trump needs to be extinguished. The guy was nearly killed twice and was shot in the head once. Watch this. What he says is the opposite. It's just another lie. Like, how did we get here? Let's extinguish him for good. We have an answer. We have a remarkably talented candidate who is sincere, who's pragmatic, who's open. Let's just get it done. This is the kind of thing, if you were a conservative to say on a cable news channel, I promise you would never be welcome back again. We need to extinguish Donald Trump that. Yeah, they tried twice.


He was shot in the head. I'll tell you, they did extinguish Corey Capto. They murdered him. They murdered him. Folks, these people are crazy. I told you to expect more surprises. They are not gonna let this guy win. We've gotta take it. We've gotta execute. Go vote and bring 10 people with you. That is the only thing that's gonna stop these lunatics. They are insane. I want, Biden did an appearance yesterday, and by the way, I wanna just say this and I know we get into a lot of the personal stuff with politics 'cause people annoy us when we do stupid stuff. But, I wanna say on the record, it's on video. And Carl Rove helped me a lot when I had cancer.


I don't know Carl very well. I've actually remembered him more as a secret service agent. He had a detail for a little bit and I had to allocate resources towards him. He was doing some speeches and things like that. It's a long story. But Carl Rove, who's OB and obviously a bushy type guy when I had cancer, helped me a lot. And it was unsolicited. I didn't even ask. He basically knew someone at MD Anderson, the premier cancer hospital in the country. And I wanna say personally because I'm not an asshole that I wanna thank him for But I obviously disagree with Carl Rove about a lot of stuff and that's okay. That's okay. We can, you know, I, I'm not trapped in one simple box where I view the world exclusively through politics like the left does.


I bring up Carl Rove because Rove had a really insightful article. It's one of the few times, at least recently I've agreed with him on politics. He wrote an article in the Wall Street Journal saying that Biden's ego, if, if you haven't heard the background story quickly, Joe Biden is now getting outta the White House again. He did an interview with The View yesterday. I'll show you a quick clip from a minute. He wants to give a farewell tour about all his accomplishments. The problem he's having is non or actual accomplishments inflation, the open border turmoil overseas. You get the point. Nobody, nobody wants to be reminded about. Joe Biden's record, he was the most unpopular president in modern American history.


That Kamala Harris campaign, if you read Roe's piece is freaking out right now. 'cause they don't know what to do. They don't wanna look ungrateful, but they just want this guy to shut up and he won't shut up. He's going around the country like me and Kamala did so much and everybody's like, oh, you did a lot. All right. Oh, Kamala was part of the inflation open border. Here's what I mean, goes on to view yesterday and him and Joy Behar, you really think that this is gonna convert A couple of straggler voters out there haven't decided yet where Donald Trump was shot in the last few days and him, joy Behar try to do the flipper ru and blame Donald Trump. You really think this is effective? Check this out. Now. He's Blaming Redderich from you of that, that you inspired these two assassination attempts after all of the calls for violence.


you know, take them out and all the rest of it. you know what it is. Don't you think that that is just unbelievable? And what do you say to that? Well, I think he is the most unusual president. No, look one, when I ran, I said I was running, one of the first major speeches I made was for Independence Hall about democracy. Yeah. A democracy is a stake and To restore the soul of this country. Yes, the soul. I ran for three reasons. I said I want to restore the soul of the meaning in a sense of decency and honor. Yep. You really believe this appeals to people, decency and honor your son's on video with some serious drug problem with Ladies of the Night on video is accused of just horrendous cr crimes.


Is is really and and And the midst of a, a, an unprecedented amount of federal law enforcement activity. Even though you run the Department of Justice, you are accused of being a partner in this. You've accused Donald Trump of being these godawful things, fascist allusions to Nazism, Hitler, you and your party. He shot in the head, he was almost murdered again. And you're talking about being the candidate of what you know. Shambolic, jappy, happy joy, joy. you know Stimson, j Kat moments or something like that. Are you shitting me, bro? You really think Joy Behar and him are gonna appeal to anyone? Happy? Happy, joy, joy with the, this is total bullshit.


You are living in an absolute vacuum of policy right now. The only thing you're voting on is the Trump agenda. No, I mean it. If you're a liberal voting against Trump, you know what he stands for and you don't like it, fine. That's your choice. If you are voting for Kamala Harris, you don't know what you're voting for. You have no idea. She hasn't said anything. Everything she said has just been a copy of Donald Trump. Charles Cook, who we had a dispute last week about something. But I don't really care. I let this stuff go. Good content is good. Notice this. This guy Alex Thompson, he notes, it's explaining why Kamala Harris is a totally empty shell. He says the pattern is remarkable. I want you to look at these Alex Thompson tweets.


These are all quotes from Kamala Harris, by the way. Tell me again please what you're voting for. If you're voting for Kamala Harris. He notes since he ran for DA in 20 2003. Harris has been an outspoken opponent of the death penalty. We asked if she still opposed to the death penalty and would push for legislation about it. The campaign didn't respond. Okay, where's Kamala Harris on the death penalty? Hell, if I know Harris's campaign is declining to say whether she still supports decriminalizing sex work. Really a position she took in 2019. You won hookers on every corner. Yeah. Asked if she was still available for a brief interview on the topic. The camp didn't respond.


So where are we on hookers on the corner? And the death penalty? No idea. Oh, there's more. I didn't even know there's three. Are there three of these? Or In 2019, Harris pledged a series of executive actions to give 2 million dreamers a path to citizenship, do parole in place. We asked if she still supported those actions. Her campaign declined to say, either way, what are you voting for? No idea. They asked her finally, if she was available for a five to 10 minute interview to discuss her position on immigration, a campaign spokesperson declined. Folks, nobody has any idea who Kamala Harris is, what she stands for, because everything is bullshit.


I was right about another thing too. What's my batting average on? Conspiracy theories? Perfect. Thank you. 1000. I told you the Sean Combs, p Diddy will not be calling him that. As you know, the Sean Combs case is bigger than you think. Not a case about an entertainer. This case a big deal. Why did I tell you that? 'cause folks, I worked with the Clinton Detail for a long time up in New York when she was running for Senate, and they hung around with this whole crowd.


That's right. Oh look, daily mail.com Diddy's bodyguard says There are tapes of politicians at freak offs and claims. The rapper learned this from other music moguls. Really? Did I say that the other day, fellas? That there may be more. Do you remember that? Show up P ones. Remember that? Like two days ago? Like two days ago? Here's a really interesting piece of audio. you know Suge Knight? Suge Knight, what was he? Death row record or something? Big, big rap producer, Suge Knight. He's in, he's in jail and prison right now, but he knows Sean Combs really well.


They were. They were friends and in frenemies. I want you to listen to, this is what Chris Cuomo, who actually has a pretty decent job at this interview, and m and Suge Knight has some really interesting thoughts on Sean Combs. AKA Diddy. Listen to this. Do you think Diddy knows enough that it's a very delicate balance, that maybe investigators will want to know these other names and greatly reduce his exposure to criminality to time versus what people would do to keep him quiet? Number one, I've been knowing him a long time and we was friends.


We are not enemies, but we were friends. He's not a dummy, so he's smart enough to work his magic. On top of that, this man right here, he been involved with the FBI and for both his career shit. He got powerful people. One, his partners who started his company with drug money, president Obama got him outta prison. So it's not like she don't have no moves. So don don't, I don't think nobody should just count him mouth. don don't think he, he gonna lay down and Miss Crow in the corner and die. He probably going through a lot of shit right now because he probably going through a lot of withdrawals.


What'd I tell you the other day? I've seen rich guys go to prison. They change their minds real quick. What does Suge Knight say? Believe me, Suge Knight knows. I think Diddy's got a lot of moves. What do you think he's saying? You just said what I told you two days ago, maybe three. You watch these rich guys go to prison, they flip like that. That's what he's talking about. He's got a lot of moves. Notice how he insinuates that did. He knows a lot of people and a lot of people know a lot of stuff. Your boy was right. Again, watch this case. Hmm, I will. Hey, thanks for tuning in. You guys are great. Please check us out every day at 11:00 AM live. Join the live chat if you're missing it, it's a lot of fun.


Jump the chat with us. I love being here with you. Rumble dot com slash bonino, it is absolutely free. Or download the Rumble app. Just click that follow button. Absolutely want you here. Okay? Also, please give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify. Go to the Dan Bongino Show, click that follow button. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.