
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, here's the good news, right out of the box today, they are freaking the out about the early voting numbers. They are. Look on social media, go follow some, I hate to ask you to follow them. You don't even gotta follow 'em. Just look at them. Some of these strategic democratic accounts, they are starting to freak out. They understand the momentum is the, the one, the momentum with Kamala was always fake. The common momentum was always AstroTurf in a joke. But the momentum behind Donald Trump's campaign, ladies and gentlemen, I, I, you know, it's almost tangible at this point.


You can feel it, you can smell it, you can taste it, you can see it. It is there. I've got all the receipts to back it up. And I'm gonna ask you a critical question beginning of the show if you are undecided, but we do have some undecided voters on the show. I know it sounds crazy given the conservative leanings of the show, but yes, we do have some. So I'm gonna ask you a question and I think it'll solve your dilemma.


Hey, you all know I can't sleep without my Beam Dream powder to have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. Visit chop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


I've got that. Also, obviously, I am extremely concerned. I don't hear a lot of people talking about this, about leftist violence after election day receipts to back that up too. They've done it before


our first spot today. Well, our second spot today is wait that patriots suppli.com folks, listen. Lemme say straight. These three month emergency food kits, I have one for every member of my family. I have a storage spot in my house. Why? 'cause if things break bad, there's an emergency, which is going to happen. It's not like it hasn't happened before. We just had this whole covid thing. We went through China's SRE rattling. You need to store food in your home because calories are survival in an emergency. And if you're waiting for the government to help you, you are going to die. They're, they're not, they can't even help themselves right now. Get ready, get prepared. Start with a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff, honey wheat bread and mushroom rice peel off. The food's pretty good. I've tried it the entire, my, my Patriot Supply kit offers over 2000 calories a day. Lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what our country's gonna look like by them when the day comes. However you'll be ready. Don't let your kids looking in the i. Dad, where's the food? Oh, we don't have none. Not gonna work. Go to my patriot supply.com now. Order your three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. Go to my patriot supply.com. That's my patriot supply.com.


All right, fellas, let's go. I wanna show you something. Gimme a second. This is actually quite heavy. It's a piece of, I don't know what this is, Oak, some super thick wood. But this is the thing I was talking about. This is going in, ah, the new office. What do you guys think? Signed by one Donald J. Trump. Man, this sucker, believe me, this is, I know these are shell muscles. They don't actually work. So I'm straining right now. What do you think this thing weighs? 40 pounds. I give you 44 maybe 35, 40 pounds. Here it is. So this, if you come to the new studio, this is the thing signed by Donald Trump. It is wood. Listen, that hard is a rock.


Get your minds out again. Nice, nice. So thank you President Trump. Folks, they're freaking out about the early voting. You can always gauge the effectiveness of a conservative tactic. The McDonald's visit by Donald Trump, by the proportionality of the liberal response. It's not inversely, it's directly related. As liberals freak out more, it gauges the effectiveness of the technique. Donald Trump shows up at McDonald's. Total liberal meltdown on the left. A couple every store. It's staged. What does that mean? That means on your meter of effectiveness, ding, ding, ding. That suck a red line.


That that was a fantastic technique. Why do I bring that up with regards to this political Playbook piece, ladies and gentlemen, political Playbook. I read it because it's the left wing bible, right? Every morning they put out this email. It's this email. It's a, it's, it's a global email list. It's very big. It's got a huge distribution, pretty high open rate as well. Every single liberal talking point. I hate to even ask you to subscribe to this nonsense, but I'm dead serious when I tell you this. If you wanna see every stupid ass dumbass, liberal, communist talking point before it makes it onto the mainstream media, cable outlets, and radio at night, read Playbook, you'll, you will be 12 hours ahead of the game.


They are freaking out about the early vote. I keep telling you, vote early. Do not make them chase you. Republican leakage. In other words, we, it's look it up. It's a real thing that has to do with diapers or your prostate. Republican leakage is one to 2% of the Republican vote is lost every single election because Republicans, for some reason insist on voting on election day. And what happens? A freaking snowstorm happens. The kid gets sick, the tire blows out of the car. The Democrats don't have that problem. They've already voted. We are putting ourselves at a significant tactical disadvantage. Now, combine now with the one to one and a half percent of the vote in liberal states, that's cheating.


And Republicans have to win by three points just to break even. Do you see my point? This is real. If you doubt me, look up even Republican leaning literature that'll tell you the Republican leakage problem is real. That's why the Democrats don't want you early voting Playbook. They're talking about the, the headlines inside the Trump chief stakes where they start to talk about who could be the chief of staff. But scroll down and you'll see the early vote in all caps. John Ralston's latest analysis of the Nevada early vote, which is widely considered one of the only reliable such barometers says yesterday's numbers quote, could signal serious danger for the Dems and for Kamala Harris here, it's early, but Republicans have taken a rare early vote.


Lead. Lead in a purple slash blue state. And Democrats need to turn around the trend quickly. I want you to understand, I pulled this from Playbook for a reason. This is Democrats talking to Democrats. There are no Republicans at Politico Playbook. I don't know if you remember this, but again, look it up if you want the receipts. Ben Shapiro, once I believe was offered the opportunity to write a a daily for political Playbook. They Shapiro, who's a pretty like mainstream Republican voice, certainly not some fringe guy, they lost their minds. The liberals lost their minds. This is not a serious media outlet, Politico.


It is coms writing for Commies. They are freaking out. Look, thank you guys. Look at the Florida numbers. Florida early voting update from a great account at FL Voice News, which I love to follow. 3:00 PM This is yesterday. Republicans 142,000 Democrats, 72,000 folks. Get out, vote early and listen to me. Cutesy. Time is over. It's bad enough. I'm sorry if I'm driving you crazy with the get out and vote early and in person and in person and in person and in person. I'm still not saying it enough. Folks in the chat, get out and vote early. Bank it, bank it, bank it, bank it.


They're freaking out their words. You see it? I wanna have a serious conversation with you. I put a clip on my one public, one kind of viral yesterday on TikTok. It was a clip of me speaking a young voters. It was kind of a off the cuff moment. I didn't really plan the segment on radio, but I was telling young voters, you know, we love you guys, man. I, you know, we were all crazy kids. I, no one's talking down to you. The people talking down to you, Kamala Harris. Remember the thing we played yesterday? Pull that from you yesterday. I heard calling Republican voters stupid. Remember we used the clip yesterday? I mean, excuse me, college kids, stupid. I'll play it for you in a second. We're not calling you stupid. It's not 'cause we're virtue signaling younger voters out there, young men and women out there.


You are obviously taught logically. Thank you. The future, okay? That's not like some big philosophical statement. It's just math. You are the future. You are my kid's. Future revolves around you. If you produce a good quality, prosperous world, my kids will live better. The only people calling you stupid are Kamala Harris and the Democrats. You are not stupid. so I posted this clip yesterday on our accounts and it went viral on TikTok of me saying to young voters, guys, if this election gets screwed up, I've lived a good life. You know, I the cancer thing changed everything. You don't know how long you have left. I certainly don't. I've lived a good life December 4th of this year.


I'll have made it 50 years. If God decides it's time for me, that's his decision. Who am I to question it? Let your will be done. Jesus Christ, my savior. But I've lived a good life. I don't wanna die. I don't want to die early. But I'm gonna tell you something, I've lived a darn good life and I've got a lot to talk about and a lot of memories my kids will have. If you're a younger voter, you don't have as many memories. It's not a matter of ex, it's just a matter of pure chronological time. Your whole life is ahead of you. We cannot screw this up. I wanna play this clip from yesterday of Kamala Harris pretending to not call you guys stupid. And then focusing strictly on college kids calling you stupid. And I'm gonna ask you a question that I hope changes your mind.


If you're undecided, watch this. First Misguided the 50%. Listen, are they stupid? What? What Is it? Oh God, I would never say that about the American people. whatevs. Do we know about this population 18 through 24. They are stupid I mean folks. It's not me saying it. It's them saying it. There's no one in the conservative movement that thinks you guys are stupid and ladies out there. We don't. But to anyone undecided. I was thinking this morning, I'm really struggling with this question on how to convince you that there's only one choice in this election. If there was a choice on who to date and go out to dinner with personally, I think Donald Trump would be a more interesting guy.


If you're a woman, if you were a guy, would Kamala Harris be interesting? I don't really know. But that's not what we're deciding. We're deciding our future. I had a tough decision like this in my secret service career. The Secret Service split off the SWAT team, the counter assault team, the CAT team, the guys in the black bdu from the president's detail. You used to be able to do both. You could go beyond the CAT team, our SWAT team and do the president's detail right? Before I go into detail, they split it off. You had to pick one or the other. I was devastated. I wanted to do cat so bad, I could taste it. I just loved the idea being on that special weapons team, the SWAT team with the Secret Service. It was my dream. I had trained for it. I was doing the weighted vest pull-ups, the runner, the running, the shooting, the training, the lifting.


I was ready to go, man. And what happened? I had to make a choice. Just like you have a choice in this election, and I'm struggling. And my boss is saying to me, you gotta pick. You're a good agent. I was the whip in operations, which is a nice position to have. He's like, you gotta make a choice. The president's detail or cat. And he said something to me, this guy Ken, he said something to me that changed my life. He said to me, you're asking the wrong question. You're asking yourself, what do I want? I said, I am. He said, that's the wrong one. And you're asking yourself the wrong question too. In this election, if you're undecided, what do I want?


He said, the question is, what can you live without? I instantly made up my mind. I said, I can live without doing cat. It's gonna hurt, but I can live without it. I can't live without protecting the president. That's why I came out in this job. He said, there's your decision. And I never looked back, never regretted that decision. One minute. So if you are undecided out there, you're a young voter, you're an older voter, you're a middle aged voter, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Arab, Jew, Hindu, Christian, I'm not asking you who you want. You may want neither. I'm asking you, what can you live without?


Can you live without a job? Can you live without being able to afford groceries for the next four years? Can you live without an apartment? 'cause rental prices are too high. Can you live with exploding healthcare costs? Can you live without a war breaking out in China as Taiwan Taiwan's and China explodes and they sense weakness in our White House with Kamala Harris. Can you live without an expanded war in the Middle East that potentially breaks nuclear if a nuclear proliferation cascade happens? The answer is, you're damn right. You can live without all that. You don't want any of that stuff. The answer's clear, it's Donald Trump.


'cause none of those things happened under Donald Trump, but they did under Biden Harris pose that question to any of your undecided friends. I understand you don't want either at this point, if I can't talk you into wanting one or the other, that's fine. I'm not even gonna try. I'm only gonna ask you what can you live without? And I can live without all of those things that happened in the last four years. Maybe the most important thing I've ever said before the election. Another reason, I'm very concerned about what's gonna happen, folks, if we win and you follow through and you execute and bring 10 people to the polls, I am very concerned about post-election day.


Now, this is no reason to panic. There's no reason to freak out. We have a lot of constitutional sheriffs. And the sad reality is the only place this post, the only place is, I should say, post-election day violence. If Donald Trump wins are probably gonna happen is in liberal cities like it did with the BLM Antifa riots, where these freaking buil burn their own cities to the ground. However, it involves real American citizens and Republicans and conservatives live there. And you know there are Democrats too. You know, they don't want anything to do with violence. They don't walk down the street and have some Antifa people killed them either. This threat is real.


I am deeply, deeply concerned. Now, anyone telling you, oh, this is a conspiracy theory. He's basically on another, I want you to watch, play this on vo if you would. I want you to watch this little montage. I think this is Maize Moore of of violence that happened and just let it play. As I kind of talk over it, this is violence that happened in the inauguration day 2017, as Donald Trump was, had tipped the great Maize Moore January 20th, 2017, as Donald Trump was being sworn in. Don't tell me they don't have a history of doing this, folks. It already happened. My worry and why I tied this into the early voting thing is, folks, I'm telling you right now, they're starting to see this thing.


Get away from 'em. We still have to execute just because we're ahead a little bit after a few days of early voting is not even a, a thousandth of a reason to pop the freaking cold champagne. Only an iil would do that. But I'm not a moron either, okay? I would rather be ahead than behind. The polls look good. The early voting looks good. And if we execute, they, they understand. They have very little chance of winning this. These images you're seeing and you're hearing a little bit of that audio in the background. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify or I heard or elsewhere, you're here and now this stuff happened, folks, this stuff happened. I had friends work in security that day who told me they'd never seen anything like it.


Now you're telling me, you know what, eight years later that they're not gonna be prepared to make this worse. Folks, we've got the receipts, man. They are becoming increasingly unhinged. All right? You can scrap that. I wanna show you something else here. I don't know if you guys know this guy's name, but he's a pretty brilliant tech investor. His name's David Sachs. I know him through Rumble. He's been on my podcast. We did a, a big joint show. I dunno if it's Don's podcast or whatever, but David's a very nice guy and he's obviously a very sober guy, not sober. Now he doesn't drink. He's, he's not known for hysterical outbursts.


I mean I can be a pretty passionate guy. I wouldn't call him hysterical, but that's not what he's known for. He's known for pretty sober takes on politics. I wouldn't call him either a diehard like MAGA guy or anything like that. David Sachs. This is why I'm posting this guy, because again, he's not known for saying like off the cuff crazy things. Listen to this very closely. He's talking about what's gonna happen if we lose and Kamala Harris wins, folks, no one is safe if we lose. I'm just telling you now, if you're a conservative personality out there, you damn well better get a lawyer. I got on a, on a staff phone line this morning, a very disturbing message that if we can vet it and make sure it's correct, I'll play for you.


I am telling you with certainty, if you are a conservative Trump supporter and we lose you better get a freaking lawyer and get one right now on retainer because they are coming for everyone. Listen to David Sachs on Weaponized Government, Elon, these other things take heed, man. He's not kidding. Listen Up. There's gonna be lawfare all over the place. Absolutely. They're gonna come for you. Do you really think so, David? Yeah, I do. I mean, look, I'm definitely off the top of the list. Elon's at the top of the list, right? So he has no concern. He has no choice but to go all in. They're already doing law fair against him. It's ridiculous. But I think the point is just that if they're not defeated, they're gonna keep doing it because there's no downside for it.


See, folks, that's the problem. There's no downside. Our media's gone full socialist, totalitarian, communist. The media's all in on this. The media's meant to be the fourth estate to protect us against this kind of tyranny. And now they become the tyrants themselves. That's the issue. There is no downside to it. There is no downside to it. You've got Kamala Harris today outed in, I believe, a free beacon piece as a serial plagiarist. She's a communist. She's a failed border czar. This woman has a history of comparing the ice and CBP to the Ku Klux Klan. The woman is a lunatic and the media keeps covering up her.


She's now flipped on fracking for like the 15th time. Yesterday. She was against fracking again then. Then she's for, this is just yesterday. Then they changed their mind for like the fifth or sixth time. It's gotten so bad. Just take kind of a a and it was a serious open. So take a quick kind of comic break here. Jim Gaffigan, who's not known as any big Republican, by the way at all. Watch the Republican. Watch the, excuse me, Joe Rogan show here. J just Google it. You can see it yourself. Put it in. Well you don't wanna use Google, but use whatever. Use duck, duck or whatever. You'll see it. Here's Gaffigan at the Al Smith dinner making a joke about all the tyranny the Democrats are covering up. Check this out.


Yeah, this has been an interesting presidential campaign. The Democrats have been telling us Trump Trump's reelection is a threat to democracy. In fact, they were so concerned of this threat. They staged a coup ousted their democratically elected incumbent and installed Kamala Harris. In other words, all her dreams have come true. No one talks about this in the media. Absolutely no one talks about it in the left wing media at all. About the the, the only authoritarians and totalitarians who completely dissected the rules, thrown 'em out into garbage in little pieces are the leftists.


It's not us. We had a primary. Donald Trump won fair and square. There were no shenanigans. The only person being prosecuted by weaponized government is Donald Trump. Joe Biden and his team of corrupts and his family got a complete pass. Mike Bens, who's gonna be with us on election night, who's joining us on election night in the chat, by the way, I gotta tell you folks, we failed yesterday. We failed. We failed. We were the number one live stream in the world. We were 177,000. Thank you Bino Army all and I mean all the credit, osu. But we failed. We tried to break the Rumble chat yesterday and Chris and Rumble and the team, they love the user experience so much.


They're always trying to make it better. We did not break it. We didn't. We tried. There was a couple glitches, but that was nothing broke and it was an amazing amount of traffic. so I deeply appreciate that underway. On the other side of this, I'm gonna, by the way again, who's joining us on election night. Yes, in the chat, put a big why election night, 7:30 PM Eastern Time. Me, Avita, Bens, Julie, Kelly, Adam Gillette, other guests. It is going to be a banger. We've got an amazing show. I hope you're watching us folks. I would really, I don't wanna get ahead of myself. I would like to break it. What's our record gh? What's our record? All time traffic.


3 57 I think. What is it? 357,000 streamers. That's filling up the big house like three plus times. I'd like to break that. I'd like to break that. So spread the word. Please tell all your friends, don't watch cable news. Watch Dan Bonino on election night. We're gonna have the best coverage of best analysis. Why they bring up Ben's 'cause on the other side of this, I'm gonna take a quick break here. On the other side is I've got an amazing chart Ben's put out there yesterday. One of the people put it out there about how deeply Elon Musk is being targeted by the deep state. Folks, this is real. This is what's coming your way too. If we lose


Beams dream powder, you're having trouble staying asleep or falling asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired. The, Next, Day. It's about the Told Poor. sleep can take on every aspect of your life. but guess what? There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me and for others. You know when you're sleeping, while you're sharper, you're more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws your way. And today, My listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder There Science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. It is really good. Other sleep based can cause The, Next, Day grogginess. but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI, Magnesium. Athenian Apogen and Melatonin help. You fall asleep, you stay asleep, and for you to wake up refreshed, you wanna try it. Beam's bestselling dream powder. Then hour we're offering Bino listeners a big discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thank you Beam.


Put up that tweet by Bens. This chart was actually from a liberal newspaper, which is stunning. I think it was the New York Times. They actually put up like an advertisement of what the Deep State does to F everyone over and give them the double barrel middle finger. They're proud of this. They're like investigation and oversight of Elon Musk. Look at this. You've got the Department of Transportation in Hackery, communism, investigating justice labor, interior. Scroll down, it keeps going and going. National Labor Relations Board. EEO Committee. E-P-A-S-E-C. F-C-C-F-T-C. Folks, this is not a joke. You gotta zoom out that spot, man. It drives me nuts, you folks.


This is real. This is real. This is happening right now. Right now. If we lose this election, get a lawyer and get ready. The woman running for the presidency is a socialist. Kami totalitarian, fake, phony, failed border are lying, sociopathic, plagiarist. They are coming for you next. And the media will celebrate every one of you going to jail. You think it's over with Trump? You think it's over with Navarro? You think it's over with Bannon, you think it's over with Carter page? You think it's over with George Papadopoulos?


They are coming for you. Next. They are going to ensure they never lose another election again. You can bank on it. Am I making my point here that you better vote and you better vote early? I'm sorry to sound, I'm sorry to sound so demanding. I I you guy. You guys don't owe me anything. I owe you everything. I don't wanna sound like I'm telling you what to do. You don't need to hear from me. You guys are parents and soldiers and pilots and architects. You don't need to hear my bullshit, but man, we can't lose brothers and sisters.


We can lose. Man, I went off on this rant on the radio yesterday. I apologize 'cause I felt like I and people stop apologizing, man. That's what makes you you. I hope so. I. Hope that's why you're here. If you're not voting in this election, that's a choice. And I'm gonna tell you right now, I can't be nice about it. It's one of the most disgraceful choices you're ever gonna make. Someone I told you on Facebook yesterday during the radio show, lady reached out. I don't like that. Donald Trump commented about, told this funny story about Arnold Palmer's whatever his, his units are. Really? That's what you're, that's what you're voting on. As I asked you in the beginning of the show. What can you live without? Can you live without wars?


Inflation, high rental costs, housing prices outta control. You know, gas prices going. If you can live without all that stuff, then you only have one choice. And I don't care if he tells a funny story about Arnold Palmer being hung. I don't really care. But it's not good enough to vote early. I want you to listen to this clip. This features Matt Boyle's doing an interview here. And this commentator who's got a good body of experience here, is talking about how important it is to vote down ballot. Now lemme time out. Time out. Let me even get a drink before, hold on. I gotta pour you Remember when of these hydrogen water containers, by the way, sorry, I don't mean to get off track, but yeah, I, I love these. You you never tried it.


Big fan of hydrogen water. Huge fan. Lemme get, 'cause this is important in the chat. I already know what you're gonna say. Some of you, it's not a knock. I get it. I listen to you. You're gonna say, if these Republicans, I'm only showing up to vote for Donald Trump. Get it. I get it. I get it. Can I tell you why that's wrong? Do you wanna hear it? Because it's not about the other Republicans. You voting down ballot and clicking the Republican box, checking the Republican box helps it in no way hurts Donald Trump. And you are actually making the case against yourself. If you say, bear with me.


If you're saying to yourself, fuck these other Republicans, I'm not voting for them. I'm just voting for Trump. They've never done shit. You're actually making the case against yourself. You know why? Because you're right now, I'm really confused. No, you're right. Republicans have generally, generally not all of them, generally haven't done shit. And the shit they've done is bad. As I told you, Republicans are not the solution to your problems. But Democrats are the cause of 'em. I get it. We've spent a lot of money. We've backed down on a lot of social issues. I totally get it. But a lot happened. And we need a buffer because at least 10% of the Republican party, when Donald Trump gets an office in the house, I promise you we're gonna bail on him.


So if we need, depending on a quorum, 2 17, 2 18, whatever the amount of votes we need to pass a Donald Trump piece of legislation, we don't need 2 17, 2 18. We need like two 30 because you're gonna have people bail because you're right, A lot of Republicans are phonies. You have to vote down ballot to give this man a buffer. Or everything you're voting for is never gonna pass. And he's gonna be impeached. That's just the hard reality folks. It's called real Pik. Look it up on anything but Google. Listen to this clip. Matt Boyle interviewing this guy. He'll tell you exactly what I just said. He's got experiences. You need a buffer. We don't have a buffer.


Nothing's gonna get done. Take a listen. We Need to expand this margin in the house by five 10 seats would be huge. That's gonna give President Trump the breathing room to get his agenda through Congress. So we don't have any games from our side of the aisle. And I can't tell you how important that is. It is just as important as getting President Trump into the White House, that we can lock this down and to flip the Senate, of course. But as a house guy, I think we wanted to kind of go into some of the numbers here and Matt just jump in. But there's a lot of seats everywhere in place. Certainly if you're in California and New York, most of the seats in play are in those seats. And we could talk about those in depth at a later time. So just because you're not in a presidential state, doesn't mean you don't have a competitive house seat or that you happen to live or are near a seat that Republicans are targeting Folks.


It is so important. You listen to what he just said. Please digest every second of that if you're watching VOD video on demand after the show. In other words, not live. Rewind it and listen again. Do you have, I know you're probably saying, 'cause a lot of you are diehard P ones and you're so knee deep in politics, you can't understand how people don't know what you don't know. You know, it's like trying to unlearn how to ride a bike. You, you can't, once you've seen the wizard in politics, it's hard to go back. You're saying like, yeah, of course we gotta vote down ballot. Do you have any idea? I'm telling you this, it's a fact. Take it to the bank. Cash, the check, spend the money. How many people email me, Facebook, Twitter, true social Rumble messages and say, Dan, I'm not even sure it's worth voting.


I live in California. Trump's not gonna win California. Oh really? Do you have any idea how many competitive congressional seats are in California? A ton. And if we lose them, there is absolutely no chance if we lose all of the competitive California and New York seats. Listen to me, there is zero and I mean zero chance of a Republican house. Donald Trump gets impeached five minutes after he swears in. Folks. That's just the facts. I'm not here to bullshit you, man. I got no skin in the game. I don't want a job in the administration. I don't need anybody's money. My show's number one, I don't need anybody come on the show. I don't need shit. I just need you.


That's it. I promise you. I'm telling you the truth. Go in there. Look up a voter guide before you go in. Republican voter guide, whatever. I live in Martin County, Florida. Pull it in, print it up, walk in, vote in every single thing. If there's an election for dog catcher and it's Joey bag of donuts versus Vinny, boom bots, then you better have a candidate. Do not skip a race, please, folks. Big tech is freaking out too. Did you see the latest internal O'Keefe video they caught on hidden camera? A Facebook executive from meta talking about the interference.


I've seen it. The Facebook fake fact checkers are back. We had some dopey lady last week hilariously try to fact check some nonsense. They're starting to panic. This is what makes me a little concerned. I don't know what's coming next. Take a quick break. I'll show you that video and I'll show you what I mean with the Newsweek. Michael, the Newsweek fact check. You think that's the dumbest one we've seen yet? Have you guys seen it? Trump in the NFL uniform Newsweek. Fact check that. Some of you, in case some of you didn't know it was wasn't real. They're like, really? Trump didn't play for the Steelers. And shocking. You'll see what I mean. This actually happened.


Hey, bone charge. I've been using their sauna blanket and red light face mask ever since they sent 'em over. I can't recommend them enough. Listen. Gotta stay looking young and frosty. Paula loves it too. I first turned to the sauna blanket helps me so much with muscle recovery and detoxification. Look at sauna. All the benefits of the dinorphines, the heat shock proteins. Look it up. Don't take my word for it. Just wrap yourself in the bone charge sauna blanket. Let the infrared heat work. Its magic. I've noticed an incredible difference. I've lost weight. I feel better. The red light face mask is equally impressive. I gotta tell you, it helps me sleep at night. Paula loves it. It's helped her improve her skin texture, reduces inflammation. She's seen fantastic results. Skin looks smoother, younger, more vibrant. The tone's even down. It's like having a mini spa right at your home, folks, the stuff works. I'm begging you to go look it up, Check it out yourself. Don't just take my word for it. If you're thinking about trying 'em out, you're in luck. Head on over to Bone charge B-O-N-C-H-A-R g.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout and get 15% off. Both of these products have made a tremendous impact on my life. I'm obsessed with life hacks. I don't wanna die young man. I'm not into that. And I wanna make sure I live into my I can. Move around and stay frosty. Use code bonino@bonecharge.com slash bonino. It's B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bono. Say 15% statements of P. Not been anybody by the DA. They're not intend to diagnose, treat cure, prevent any disease or condition.


And our last sponsor today, Helix a good night's sleep. Ladies and gentlemen, you don't have it. You're gonna be in trouble. The, Next, Day. Sleep. The deep sleep right? You want 20% off a mattress order. Well, it's available today. Paul and I just moved into the new house. We got Helix mattresses for every bedroom. We work hard, we play hard. It's long days. We gotta get a good night's sleep to feel rested and refreshed to recover. For The, Next, Day. Especially with an election coming up. It all starts with a mattress suited to our needs. Anytime you can personalize a product to your needs, you know it's gonna be better. Helix puts the customer first. In just a few minutes. The Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the rights mattress for you. You get the perfect match from the position you sleep to. Your body type at unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. Visit Helix sleep.com/dan and start your match today. As I said, they're offering 20% off all mattress orders for my listeners. That's Helix sleep.com/dan, H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan. You're gonna love it. Great mattress. Sleep on it everywhere. The things you don't wanna leave, you don't wanna go to hotel or anything. Check it out. Heal sleep.com/dan.


Back to the show. James O'Keefe does it again gets this met guy on tape at his Facebook talking about what's going on to suppress negative information about Democrats. Ladies and gentlemen, Facebook is a huge joke of a company. The only reason I use it is because it's, if I can reach a few people and convert five or 10 voters, then fine, I'm gonna use it. But I'm telling you right now, they are all in these big tech. People are getting really nervous. Check this out. Hey, your uncle in like Ohio said something about like Kamala Harris is un like he's an unfit to be a president because he doesn't have a child.


Okay? That Kind of of shit is automatically Demoted. Meet Juvan. Gali, a senior software engineer at Meta. Are they doing a good job protecting our democracy? Because I can see these like right wing groups like setting up face Instagram accounts or Facebook accounts for that matter, right? And just start posting this information be like, oh, like Harris is like blah blah, blah. That's all gonna be demoted a hundred percent. The civic classified is strong. The senior software engineer also goes on to say that quote, the person would not be notified unquote if they were demoted because of their anti Kamala Harris Post on meta. Folks, none of this is really news, but nobody gets the backup and the receipts better than O'Keeffe.


He's been doing this forever. He just, they just nail everyone to the wall. You know, this is happening. I'm putting it out there now with now as of today, two weeks left to go in the election because it is super important. You understand that they are going to drop another October, November surprise. It just hasn't hit yet. Be very careful what you see on Facebook. Be very careful. 'cause you're gonna see things like this. Newsweek, this is just so absurd. It's hard to believe Newsweek even takes itself seriously after this. Trump appears to post a fake image of himself as a star. NFL player appears a fake image. You, you really?


My Maya Mayra. Look at the picture, folks. Holy shit. This was untrue. Social. Did He's been pumped into Myron since Friday. Yes, he got jacked. Yeah, you saw him. Did he look like that Justin? I Didn't, I didn't see under the sleeves. You know, he does have A nice hand. Justin brought up a good point. Justin said he shook his hand very firmly. So Newsweek, that may be real. I'm not sure your article's accurate. I actually heard he may have played for the steel. Maybe that was in the farm system or something like that. Do you believe these freaking dipshits four seven Maya Mera actually wrote this as an article. I mean, are you not humiliated? How do you tell your parents, Hey, here's my latest piece. Do your parents go, Maya, are you freaking stupid?


You thought Donald Trump played for the Steelers? Are you a moron? You didn't know this was a joke. Oh my gosh, Folks, the campaign on the Kamala side is so desperate. You're gonna see Newsweek, Facebook, and others, it's gonna get worse. I'm just asking you to ride it out. Be patient. Understand if we win, help is coming. Help is coming. We are about to turn the tide. These left-leaning companies are gonna have no refuge with the government anymore. Donald Trump wins. We take the house and we take the Senate. They are only getting nervous because the entire Kamala campaign is collapsing, absolutely collapsing in front of their eyes and they know it.


I wanna show you something here. They have outsourced for some bizarre reason, the Kamala Harris campaign. I, I think I'm speculating here, so bear with me. I, I think they've outsourced their economic policy to Mark Cuban. The the billionaire guy used to, I think he owned the Mavericks, but he's the Shark Tank cat. You've probably seen him. He sold them, right? Or something like that. Mark Cuban is the Shark Tank guy. I I think they've outsourced economic policy to him because they realize, and I'm serious when I say this, that Kamala Harris is just really an iil that she has no ability to speak off the cuff. She keeps screwing up. So they've outsourced to Mark Cuban.


Cuban keeps appearing on the CNBC and these other networks. And the weird thing is, he's oddly no better at this than Kamala Harris. You would think a billionaire or bus. He's not every, we keep playing clips of this guy on our show. Here's Mark Cuban trying to defend Kamala Harris's economic policies and other policies. And he can't think of a single thing in this minute and 10 seconds that he actually agrees with folks. I'm telling you, the campaign is imploding execute, bring 10 people and it's going to be a damn good election. I don't, and you're gonna have these idiots in charge. Watch this. Hey, Mark, at, at a, I'm looking at an NBC article from our, our corporate parent just said, I guess at an Arizona town hall meeting when you were asked about the, the un possibility of unrealized, taxing, unrealized capital gains.


Yeah. You said if you really thought that, that the vice president would, would do that, that you'd campaign against her. so I guess is that, that's, that's, that was a true comment you made. And then my follow up question. Yeah. So what I said was, so what I said was, yeah, go, you know, I said it's not gonna happen. Absolutely not gonna happen. If for some reason she lied about it, I would campaign against her so there wouldn't be a second term. Okay. Then what I was gonna ask you is, and I'm not gonna go through these are like, there's like 20 things, but I'll just pick out a couple that, that I think would be really scary if she were to try to abolish the filibuster if you knew she was gonna do against I'm against that. Yeah. I don't agree with that. Okay. Next. And then how about free healthcare for all legal?


She Doesn't talk about that. So here's what, here's exactly what she's talking about healthcare, But, but there were some things she has said. I can pick up probably 10 things where it's, well, Joe, I can go back to an interview. You would say, yeah, I'd campaign against her. So what, what do you like, You don't like anything. This is a what, what this is what I, what are you voting for? To the folks out there who were still undecided and maybe loose Kamala Harris voted, what the, are you voting for? Are you voting for the Kamala Harris who yesterday said she's against fracking and you live in Pennsylvania near a fracking field. So your job's going away, or are you voting for the Kamala Harris who hours after it was uncovered, she'd switched the position again, switch it back again to now she's not against fracking, despite saying yesterday she was against fracking or her staffer saying it.


What, what are you, I don't understand what you voting for. Are you voting for the Kamala Harris that's gonna tax unrealized capital gains crash the stock market in real estate market? Or are you voting for the Kamala Harris who's hinted around to Mark Cuban at least that she's just saying that for her liberal friends, what are, what are you voting for? Are you voting for the no tax on tips that she said, oh yeah. Oh, that Donald Trump invented that one. Are you voting for you here everyone, because Kamala Harris herself can't take a position on anything. Everyone's confused about what they're voting for. This is why she's collapsing. Look at the polls. You see, the number one reason people aren't floating over to the Kamala Harris side is they don't know who she is because she doesn't know who she is.


This is a damning receipt right here. So the other day, she makes one of the dumbest campaign moves I've ever seen in the Hillary Clinton deplorables moment. She attacks a bunch of Catholic Christians in the audience at one of her speeches who said, Jesus' Lord. She said, oh, like a smart ass starts cackling. You're at the wrong rally. Oh really? That went over like a cinder block on bare toes on a Sunday morning. Now look at this. Are you voting for the Kamala Harris who tells Christians and Catholics and people of faith you're not welcome, or you voting for the fake Kamala Harris who shows up at a black church yesterday and starts reading scripture?


I don't understand. Will the real Kamala Harris please stand up? Nobody seems to know who she is. Watch this. And they did as he intended. Jesus is Lord. Oh, you guys are at the wrong rally. And let us recognize that when we shine the light in moments of darkness, it will guide our feet into the path of peace. And let us remember that while weeping may endure for a night, joy cometh in the morning.


She just told this same crowd of people of faith, they're not welcome. They're at the wrong rally, which Kamala Harris are you voting for? Her campaign is collapsing. Mark Cuban doesn't even know what she stands for. Mark Cuban's pitch on Kamala Harris is all the liberal shit she's telling you is a lie. She's lying to you. Meanwhile, the conservative pitch is, if she's lying, why does she have the most progressive voting record in the Senate? No. That's how she votes too. Ooh, you voting for progressive Kamala Harris to the left of Bernie Sanders and Liz Warren, or you voting for the Kamala Harris who now is aligned with War Monger Liz Cheney, who wants to bomb every country on earth.


What the hell is going on here? Now? Do you want the Justin's laughing 'cause he's even confused. He's like, shit. Is she Ronald Reagan or is she Bernie Sanders? The lick your finger. It depends on the day. It depends on the day. Here she is walking out yesterday with Liz Cheney, who lost by a historic margin in the Republican primary in a republican state. Check this out. Look at this. Oh, here's a buddy. Well, oh look, look who I got with me. I brought my buddy. Hey, it's Liz Cheney. Hey, Liz. Gimme a high five. Look like the Wonder twins lady's two idiots. Hey, look who's here?


Liz Cheney, baby Liz Cheney. Justin says he's got a video on Liz Cheney. Liz Cheney endorsing Kamala. You do. Wow. She's saying some really nice things. Liz Cheney, folks, she's changing. Yeah. Play that video. This, this is gonna be a shame. IIII haven't seen this yet. I could see it on the screen Now it looks like, is this, am I correct? It looks like a Fox News interview. And here's Liz Ch Justin says she's talking about Kamala. Here's her new friend Liz Cheney saying nothing but the nicest, kindest sentiments about the wonderful Kamala Harris. Check this out. Look, I Think that this, the pick was, was somewhat surprising. Joe Biden has really been trying to portray himself as the moderate in this race as somebody who is a centrist and in one fell swoop.


Here he has put somebody on the ticket whose voting record in the Senate is to the left of Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. so I Think that, you know, the American people are gonna look at the substance of this. They're gonna look at what she stood for in the past. They're gonna look at what she, she said during the primary election. And it's very clear she is a radical liberal. She's somebody that has said We ought to spend $32 trillion on Medicare for all. If you look at her record as well in California, she did in fact essentially ban gun sales with executive action. And she threatened during the primaries to do the same thing if she's elected, if she, if she were elected here. so I, I do think the American people are gonna take a look at this record and realize she is very much a radical liberal to You.


That's not the video, bro. These guys, man wife's not firing. People have to be the start instituting like some kind of top down hierarchical structure. I told you the video, she, she, oh, that is that she Justin's like you. I approve. You emailed us. I you I did, I did. That I did to folks. Man, I don't know, maybe I'm losing a little bit like Joe Biden. I don't remember sending that. That's crazy. But Michael brought up a really good point. You know, I gotta tell you, I didn't even think of very clever Michael. Of course, they get along. They're both a bunch of flip-flopping, lying, sociopathic losers who will change their mind, change their mind at a moment's notice in order to retain power. He's a hundred percent correct.


That is exactly what they have in common. That's a real clip. That's not ai. That was after Joe Biden picked Kamala Harris. That was principled Liz Cheney telling you what a threat to the republic Kamala Harris was. 'cause she's the left of Bernie Sanders. Now they're buddies. Now they're buddies. That shows you who Kamala Harris is a fake, a fraud and a phony. You don't see Donald Trump endorsing Chuck Schumer, right? What do you see him doing? He goes to the Al Smith dimmer dinner, puts a arm on him and makes sure he knows he's the alpha dog. That's the difference, folks. They lie to you about everything. It's not just about the fact that Kamala Harris is obviously a chameleon and she's not a very good one.


That's the problem. There are people who can change their political stripes. I've, I've known a few Republicans who've gone over from Dem to Republican and vice versa. They've managed to convince people. I mean, I think of like the, or inspectors and people like that. You've even got the guy, you know, van Drew. There are people who switch sides. Some of them are convincing, some of them aren't. Kamala Harris is a liar and she's not even good at it. But now you know where she gets it from. Listen, the economic segments, brothers and sisters, you know, these drive me crazy. This is like a Pepto-Bismol moment because I love economics with a passion. It's my why. I don't know. Maybe I'm a freaking weirdo who loves this subject they call the dismal science.


I dig it because I cannot understand, I legit do not understand how people are so stupid. I wanna give my money to the government because I'm too stupid to spend it myself. I can't understand like what rule of economics people think they're following where that world makes sense. Another thing, how the hell does government debt make sense? How does government spending money we don't have make sense? We're going into debt. Someone's gonna have to pay it back. Getting back to the point on how these people lie, I want you to listen to this answer from Kareem Jean Pierre yesterday. Joe Biden has said multiple times, I could play a whole montage for you, Joe Biden's saying, because we cut the debt, we cut the deficit. Folks, there are no fact checkers checking this.


Although it is the single biggest line of bullshit to come out of the Biden Harris administration. They have run up record amounts of debt. It is so easy to check. I will for you in a second. Here's Kareem. Jean Pierre asked an actual question by a reporter. Hey, you guys keep saying you're like cutting the debt deficit. The annual deficit has now been announced. The fiscal year ends in October, by the way. So, you know, beginning of October, right? The fiscal user, we now have a record like 1.8 trillion outside of Covid. What, what are you talking about? You're lower in the deficit. Listen to her word salad. Answer. Check this out. President Wants to tout his deficit cutting measures to office. But last week the Treasury Department actually reported that the deficit grew to 1.8 trillion For fiscal 2024.


What's the White House's response to that dollar? Well, That's why we're, that's why we've done the work that we have done, especially moving forward with, with his thesis, historic piece of legislation that speaks about how we're, we're going to deal with the deficit, right? When we sign the, the president signed, for example, last year, the $1 trillion debt deal that would cut the deficit by a trillion dollars. You saw that in other pieces of, of legislation that he was able to sign and move past through. And that's why we have shown our commitment to dealing with the deficit. She, she just goes right on with, yes, we've done record deficit con.


You have not done rent. Whatcha talking about everything they tell you is bullshit. Everything. Minimum wage bullshit, rent control, bullshit, school choice, bullshit taxes, bullshit debt bullshit, deficit bullshit. Everything they tell you is bullshit. There's a nonpartisan site. This is not a political site, it's a statistic site. It's called Statista. You can go there. Here is a picture of the deficits every single year from Statista in trillions in US dollars. You will see you've got the covid burst in 2020 3.3 and 2 trillion.


So wipe that out. One you can attribute to Biden, other one to Trump. Fair enough. Wipe that out for Covid. 'cause they, they neutralize each other. Shouldn't have spent all that money we did. Now look at the Trump years. You had 500, you had 500 billion, 670 billion, 780 billion, big deficits and close to a trillion. Right? Now you get to the Biden years, okay, 1.3 trillion, 1.69 trillion this year. 1.86 trillion. At what point did Joe Biden cut the deficit? At what point, at no point he has run historic deficits. Nearly double what Donald Trump ran. I'm not forgiving Republicans for running up debts and deficits as well.


I am not. I'm simply telling you, you, I'm not lying to you. They are. This guy is full of shit. The reason interest rates are so high are gonna go higher. And the reason inflation's outta control is 'cause the government's pumping money into the economy. It has to borrow. Once the government borrows money, it spends it, it gives it to people who go and spend it and it drives up the price of everything. What part of this is hard, folks? Speaking of government failures, I really gotta get to this. It's, I've been holding this for a couple days. These guys have done a lot of work on it. But a report came out about the Secret Service. I did a lot of work on this early.


I saw someone on Twitter today say, Hey Dan, we found your show after the Secret Service thing. We stayed. You're a true teller. Folks. That so warms my heart. You have no idea. You believe me, man. Every compliment to me matters. It does. I don't. I have a thin skin. I get beat up a lot. So when you guys say nice things and ladies out there, I appreciate it. So if you found my show because of my coverage of the growing Secret Service scandal in leadership and protective methodology, I appreciate it. But I want you to know you're not wasting your time. A big report came out on how to fix the Secret Service. It was a congressional report, a lot of subject matter experts. But I want you to listen quickly 'cause I don't want you to think you're ever wasting your time. To my congressional testimony up about two months ago in Washington DC Justin was there with me where I said there were three things they needed to fix.


I want you to listen to this and I want to show you what the report said. This would've listened to me earlier, they could have saved themselves the darn report. Check this out. First, they have a technology problem. The joke in the Secret Service, which is, is sadly no longer funny when I was there and it wasn't funny then either, is they rely on yesterday's technology tomorrow. Second, another adage in the secret service you've heard even the new acting director discuss is the more with less approach, there is no more with less. There's less with less. Okay. Third, and I'll wrap it up with this, turn it over to Mr. Prince. The investigative mission, the secret service that they're telling you they need to make them better agents is total crap. That's garbage over three months. I had to ask, so Justin confirms, this was two months ago, folks, you could have saved yourself the report.


I'm glad you did it, but it's just kind of strange. Like I, I worked there for a decade, so they put together this big fancy report. So remember what I just said two months ago? They have no that they, they can't keep up with the pace of technology. I wrote it all down just in case I, that they claim they're doing more with less and they, they, they have this investigative function that's stealing away their manpower should be doing protection. Oh, look, wall Street Journal, how to fix the Secret Service by the editorial report. It's not that the Wall Street Journal's fault, they're citing the report. The report makes broader criticisms as a secret service, including a pattern of under trading and an attitude of doing more with less.


They don't do more with less. They do less with more. Their budget has doubled. I showed you their budget on my show in Real dollars. Their budget is nearly doubled since I got on the Secret Service. So more with that nailed it pattern of under training one. Leave this up please. A hundred percent true folks, the Secret Service has four shifts on the president. Four, what do you work like six hour day? No, you have three eight hour days. Well, what the hell's the fourth shift doing? If there are three shifts, the morning, evening, and the midnight shift. What's the fourth shift doing? They're training. What's the problem with four shift training? Nobody trains on fourth shift.


They rarely do. What do they do? They take guys from four shift training and there's the secret service budget. Thank you guys. Look, double the fourth shift training guys wind up getting shipped out, shipped out on advances so they're never training for anything. An over-reliance on assigning personnel based on categories. I told you this, I said they're protecting people by title. They're not protecting people by threat. Oh, former presidents get less protection like Trump. Why? Because that's the way we've always done it. What the kind of stupid answer is that they lack auditing and continuous improvement mechanisms. IE the technology thing.


I said they've, they, they have, they never leveraged technology. They're always 10 years behind the technology. Here's another one second screenshot from me. The investigative mission. This report also argues the Secret Service should send responsibility for investigating financial crimes. Yes, folks, you've got agents out there that are supposed to be out there doing protection, keeping Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, and Joe Biden and all their other Protectees alive and they're investigating a $20 computer printed counterfeit note dropped on booze at a freaking seven 11. Man, come on guy, get with the program.


I could have saved you guys a lot of headaches. All this stuff is real and none of it is going to change under the current management. My suggestion is they bring in an outsider, some former two star General or something from the military, some higher up at the Marine Corps, and they fix this thing up and clean it out. It's a total mess and you're not gonna fix it. Under this current leadership, ladies and gentlemen, they are in real trouble. I'm telling you right now, this is going to happen again until they change management. I had a big conversation with Donald Trump about this. It's the first question I asked during our Trump interview. If you missed it, it's on this Rumble channel right here. Just scroll down the page.


You'll see it is two days ago or two episodes ago. Folks, please watch the interview. I talked to him at length about the Secret Service and he, he asked me if I was, you know, interested in kind of commenting on it. If, if he were to win join us election night, please hear Rumble dot com slash bonino. It is free. It is free. It is free if I, if you want an ad free experience, YouTube and Twitch have these options too. You can sign up for Rumble Premium. It's right there on the page and for that amount you'll get no ads and that would be really, if you like that, that's terrific, but it is free. Download the Rumble app, Rumble dot com slash bino, download the app.


It's all free. I appreciate it. If you join us every single day, live at 11:00 AM we're pretty much the number one live stream in the world every day. Thanks to you. Thanks for your support. See you here on the radio show in a few minutes. What? Oh, you getting ready? Justin's doing this thing. Like are these, he's getting ready to like press the cancel now. I should just go and do, let's do another segment folks. Join us here enough for the radio show right here in Rumble at 12 noon Rumble dot com slash bonino and I'll see you back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.