
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host Dan. Bonino. What a, what A shit show that was s just did like the best five second opening ever. And I'm like, why is now it just No signal on the screen And I mean like there's No signal. There No. Nothing. There been No. Oh, we're starting over. so You just missed the first five seconds of the show. Don't worry, I'll repeat it again. Here's the point. I was making as the chaos gets worse and it is get worse. Yesterday's podcast I covered Kamala Harris's really, really bad. Atrocious, horrible mess. Complete meltdown of a weekend.


It got even worse yesterday. With a plagiarism scandal. As things get worse and the polls get worse, I don't trust polls. I'm not telling you to trust them, I'm just saying as some people do, as the polls get worse, I'm telling You They are going to prepare crazier and crazier and crazier things and foreign governments are watching. Ladies and gentlemen, I've even got a news story about what China's up to. Again, I'm telling You they're watching November to January if we win is going to be freaking bananas. Quick update. By the way, election night again, We are going live 7:30 PM Eastern time until whenever.


Rumble dot com slash bonino. We're gonna be in front of a live audience. We're gonna be doing it at Kyle G's Oak and Ember. It's s gonna be amazing. so it's a ticketed event. Unfortunately it's a small location. Fire code and stuff. But. That's what we'll be doing. It's s gonna be amazing. My co-host and friend Vita will be With me a great guest lineup and we are working now. With, the Trump team They are trying to accommodate us to reschedule the live stream. You guys will be the first to know. Let's get to it.


Hey With coin. Get woke outta your wallet. With a credit card that aligns your dollars, With conservative values. Find him at coin, CO I gn.com. Go to coin.com/disclosures for terms and open It up the show.


Also, lumen one of the first handheld metabolic coaches I Use Lumen. guess you know what Ignorance is. Not bliss. With your health. The device measures your metabolism through your breath. The app then lets t know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workout, sleep, and your stress management. It works. Simply breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fats or carbs based on these insights. Lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for that. Day can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to get realtime updates on your body's metabolic Day keeping you on top of your wellness game. I. Use It game changer helps me understand my metabolism better and make smarter daily choices. Optimal metabolic health can lead to easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, and better sleep. so if you wanna take the next step in helping you improve your wellness, go to lumen.com. Excuse me, lumen.me lumen Do me slash bonino to get 15% off your lumen. That's a do Me Me address. That's lumen L UME n.me me slash bonino for 15% off your purchase the Lumen. Thanks for sponsoring this episode. We appreciate it. These statements of products are not evaluated by the fda. A this products should not intend to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Lumen do me slash buno.


All right fellas, let's go. Folks. Listen, I'm just asking You as a friend, I know a lot of my clips have been going viral thanks to You spreading around on TikTok and Rumble and elsewhere urging you to get prepared. Listen to me. The best Day of your life is the Day. You don't need the emergency equipment I told You about in yesterday's show. The food, the water supplies, the filtration, the batteries, all that stuff. The best Day of your life is You. Know what? In 10 years, It expires, You throw It out. Right? Best Day of your life, You don't wanna need it. The worst Day of your life is You do need It and you don't have it. I'm telling you, the evidence is everywhere that the left is preparing something big. They are not going to concede this election voluntarily and foreign governments are watching and things are get ugly for them right now.


Folks, the stars are aligning If, if capital I F, if We execute and We bring 10 people to vote, We will win. If We don't, We will lose. Dan, that sounds like a simple binary That's guess It is We right now. Have the numbers I believe to make this thing too big to rig. Even if They do cheat But, it depends on everyone showing up. That's why I'm always hesitant to talk about it But. It's not just that. Ladies and gentlemen, something happened yesterday. A story came out about a poll. This is a big story. It's No small affair. cause It shows that the left's ability to contour a narrative to steal an election.


I E 2016 trying to steal It With, the Russia hoax which did come out before the election. just look up that New York, what is it? New York intelligence or article, right? And in 2020 With the Hunter Biden laptop conspiracy theory that it was Russian disinformation. The media's ability to change the election at the last minute is now almost gone. Gallup, this came out yesterday. This is a huge deal. Folks the Bino army. I'm rocking the Bino Army shirt today. Personally my favorite one, the black With, the little camo here. We're taking over. We're the number one live stream right now in the United States by far is not even a close. Second guess people are get their news from authoritative sources like us.


Americans Trust in media. They're talking about old school goon communist hack. Media remains at a trend. Low trust in political and civic institutions, higher for local and state governments. Lowest for the media and Congress. We win. We win. We win, we win. We win again. This is what happens when people listen to Rachel Maddow, Chuck Todd, Jim Acosta, Dana Bash and they're lied to for years. I know you guys out. There get frustrated. Me too. I know It. You say to yourself, when are people, when is it we get bad enough? At least With the media that people are gonna start to see through the bullshit.


Ladies and gentlemen, the answer is now nobody trusts these people. CBS, editing interviews, With, both Mike Johnson and another huge scandal and Donald Trump editing interviews, excuse me, Kamala Harris Folks. Nobody trusts these people. People are Coming here. And why? cause of stories like this. Again, CBS this pops yesterday. Joe Biden We We can see Joe Biden mentally breaking down over a period of the last four to five years. You can watch It in live time. The man's cognitive condition deteriorate. He can barely walk. He's always coughing. He forgets names, he forgets words, he speaks in neologisms and made up words and word salads.


The guy is clearly suffering from a cognitive deficit. We call him out. The media calls us conspiracy theists and ask No questions. But now. Now CBS News is writing this article about doctors and healthcare providers who are very concerned about Trump releasing his medical records. Ladies, gentlemen, this can, this is just, this is the kind of stuff You, just laugh it off. You throw the penalty flag You go. You guys are absolute hypocritical. Communist pro, their asshole morons, you didn't give a shit about Joe Biden who was deteriorating in front of our face. Donald Trump is showing No evidence whatsoever of any health issues at all and now all of a sudden you want health records, you people are just full of shit.


We are winning. That was an interesting open It wasn't really intended by the way. What happened With that open you got, what was that ball about? Would you just hit like the button and not hit the other button? It was weird like the show went off and it didn't go off But. That was like electric five I Wish I could steal those five seconds back. I would like insert them randomly back in the show. You know why forever is it gone forever in the Phantom? so guess Kamala has really, really been There Iss No show like this man, there's so you can't do this stuff on cable news. You can only do this here. This is why live streaming is the future Folks. You can have a candid back and forth With a crew and it feels like a bar vibe rather than some jerk wad on tv like speaking into a camera from CNN and telling You what to Think, right?


You're all part, I'm talking to You live in the chat. You can't do this anywhere else. Where? How else are you gonna do this? No Rules here. It's a Bonino Army rules. Alright, here's what I wanted to start With today. But I wanted to just make sure I got that gala poll out 'cause it's a huge story. Folks Kamala Harris', really, really bad weekend. Candidly the worst one I've seen in presidential politics in a long time. The editing scandal at CBS, the tampon Tim scandal. The stories Coming out about Kamala Harris's left wing, all this nonsense. She was pulling people speaking out the the FEMA crisis, the storm crisis It has just been a catastrophe yesterday.


Absolutely blew up. If you don't know Christopher Ruffo, you should be following him on X Helix. That real Chris Ruffo uncovered a massive, massive plagiarism scandal. I'm not gonna read through all the examples. He has the receipts. He even puts We have the receipts in the tweet. You can read them. We'll put a couple upper on the screen. He notes Kamala Harris plagiarized at least a dozen sections of her criminal justice book, smart on crime according to investigation. The current vice president, like the local news reporter here, disturb me, even lifted material from Wikipedia. Wikipedia, if you're lifting material from scam edia, it's the only time We ever hang up on you.


On my, on my radio show. If you call in and You cite anything about Wikipedia, we're gonna laugh and instantly hang up. Producer Mike knows the rules. Look at this. You can read it on the screen. Folks, if you listen on Apple and Spotify, go to the X account. This is, you're never gonna see a clearer example of plagiarism. She basically copied and pasted entire sections of Wikipedia AP articles, sentences. Now here's why this thing is so bad. Folks, this thing is apocalyptic. Her campaign is in an absolute free fall. I'm not telling you They can't win. That's don't take this They can scam. They've got illegals. They've still got a few people who believe the media left But.


Wouldn't the greatest irony of all be Kamala Harris's campaign collapsing With the assistance of a massive plagiarism scandal. The same scandal that ended Joe Biden's original campaign. You remember this? Would this not be the irony of all ironies for those who forgot? I Think. This is News Busters who pulled this up. I want you to news Bib News busters for pulling this up. He was Joe Biden's original presidential campaign being derail. guess he plagiarized Neil Kinnick. Watch this Democratic presidential candidate Joseph Biden today faces a controversy that his opponents could use in raising questions about his character Three weeks ago at a debate at the Iowa State Fair, he used phrases identical to those delivered by British labor party leader Neil Kinnick.


Biden seemed to be claiming Kinnick's vision and wife as his own. Why is it that my wife is sitting out? There in the audience is the first in her family to ever go to college? Why is Glenice the first woman in her family in a thousand generations to be able to get the university? My ancestors who worked in the coal mines in Northeast Pennsylvania, don come up after 12 hours and play football for four hours. Those people who could wait work eight Hours underground and then come up and play football, it's Guess They didn't have a platform upon which to stand. There was No platform upon which They could stand. Oh, oh, you know who Even had a comment about this?


I cannot believe it. I mean calling for an immediate FB I investigation using all assets into these very severe allegations of plaintiff. Oh my Frank, even wait, Frank, look. Well, Frank's on our team now. Ese, who would've Guessed it? Even Zi wants an investigation. That's amazing. Thank you Faze. We never know you'd convert over to dark Maga. Maybe you should get a hat from Elon or something. Folks is just not the greatest irony of all. Kamala Harris is so busted right now. Now again, the hack Goon Media will do their best to cover this up.


By the way, if you want a full account, go to this old Paul Bedard article, Washington Examiner of how Bad Biden lied and plagiarized. It's called 17 times Biden lied, plagiarized and exaggerated. s just put the link up There for You to see. December 12th, 2023. Biden's got an extensive history of doing this. Wouldn't It be the greatest irony of all if his horrible vice president who he admittedly picked for DE I reasons, which the left says They love and then runs away from it when You call him out on him, got busted for plagiarizing too. Wouldn't that be incredible? And of course No story about liberals, fellas right would be complete without the shit bag.


New York Times talking about Republicans. Pouncing S jumping leaping. Here we go. I, always forget the line. I love the line. New York Times conservative activist Ruo seizes on passes from Harry's book, Harris's book and They note, This is great. Did you Guys see this? The sub headline They note, a plagiarism expert Folks said the lapses were not serious. Even the plagiarism expert on his ex account was like, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. This is hilarious this, if Donald Trump put the word end in his book, they'd be like, the word end appears on Wikipedia plagiarism.


These are clear cut examples of not just mild But, hardcore triple X plagiarism and the New York Times is like, it's all okay man. It's not serious. Begging us up here. Thank you guys. Read It again. This now Justin. You're in college now. Michael, you're not out There long. Michael's a math major so it's hard to plagiarize But guys. Would You agree if you pulled this in college you'd you'd probably be thrown out, correct? Yeah. I mean it's, she had Folks, she, she added two words from Wikipedia out of, what is that? Like six, seven sentences wrong. She added two words in order or she No. She deleted two words in order. That's it. She re, she replaced them With two.


That's it. That's all she did. This I mean. If this isn't, you have to understand any normal political campaign. This is the end But. Let me, can I go back to the beginning of the show for I? Always ask like there's s gonna be you mind in the show. This is what I'm talking about. This is why I need You to be prepared. You're my friends, you're my crew here. You're the Bonino army you guys. I'm just a soldier in it. With you man. Don't mistake this microphone for some symbol of power. It's not. It's s just, I'm just one of you guys. That's why this show's attractive to people. I'm asking you as a friend to be prepared. 'cause I'm telling You there's a good news and bad news which I mean even have look right There in the show. Good news, bad news. I even wrote It down the great news.


If we execute and bring 10 people, we can win this thing and overcome the cheating. The bad news, this is get really bad for them. Quietly behind the scenes. A lot of Democrats see this slipping away. They are not going to seed power easily. Folks the country voted itself into socialism, With, Biden and the scamming. It's very hard to vote your way out. I'm just asking you to get ready for what's s Coming. Mentally prepare yourself. We win. We are swearing in in January. No matter what if We win this race? We are swearing in. I'm m just telling you to be prepared.


Folks yesterday got even worse. I I I. Know You understand the triage of needs. We have three weeks to go. That's it. There's No time for bullshit right now. I've gotta Day on this story. We've got to win. It got horrible yesterday. Yesterday got even worse. What happened? Kamala Harris made a big mistake. I know Bill Clinton pretty well. Not like friend friends. But. I worked With him and his wife a little bit in my first years. so I should say know him well. We're not like personal friends. But having been around on this smaller detail when You interact, With him. It's different when They leave the presidency. You you, you're really like around them a little more. And I was around this guy enough.


Tell You that this guy is an egomaniac. Bill Clinton. He's not as, he's not as dumb as Joe Biden and he's politically smarter than Obama. But the problem. With Bill Clinton, he's get old and Bill Clinton has lost his fastball. There is zero doubt. They call him the big dog. Bill Clinton, that's his nickname in the Democrat party. They tro out Clinton yesterday. I'm not sure if you saw this But. Bill Clinton basically decimated Kamala Harris yesterday and destroyed her entire campaign message I. I'm candidly not sure given the fact that he's definitely losing his fastball cognitively that Bill Clinton knew he was destroying Kamala Harris's campaign. With this line But, listen to him blame border czar Kamala Harris's border plan for the non vetting of the person who killed Lake and Riley, the the suspect in the, the murder of Lake and Riley the illegal.


And he, he seemingly goes on like he doesn't even realize what he just did. This thing was this should be a Trump ad. All you've gotta do With, the end is put. This is I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. Watch this It In Georgia not very long ago, didn't you? They made an ad about it about a young woman who'd been killed by an immigrant. Yeah, well if they'd all been properly vetted, that probably wouldn't have happened. But, if They all properly vetted and that doesn't happen and America is not having enough babies to keep our populations up. so we need immigrants that have been vetted to do work.


There wouldn't be a problem and he couldn't keep people all torn up and upset. Oh my gosh. I mean is this guy campaigning for Trump? Folks tactics matter. Facts matter. Receipts matter. Anybody can give you a bullshit opinion on the show. Oh, that's s gonna be damaging. Why? cause I said so. Why gimme data Data go and poll people in swing states and ask 'em about issues that matter to them that are gonna impact their vote. You are going to see immigration inflation in the economy are three of the top five in nearly every single poll. You've now got a two term very popular former Democrat president out There on the campaign trail.


Whether he knows it or not, admitting that the Biden Harris team didn't properly vet people who went on to murder American citizens. The the suspect in this case, I mean is he campaigning for Trump? The hell is this guy doing? The Trump team should be running that ad all over tv. I told you. All the Trump team has to do is play Kamala Harris Biden and now this thing and put, I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. Folks, do you understand how bad the internals have to be on the Kamala campaign right now? After this dreadful weekend, she was running low in the polls before this weekend, before Bill Clinton, before the tampon.


Tim Gun fiasco by the way, update for the audience. Thank you to everyone who tweeted to Tim Walls volunteering Justin B services to teach him how to loaded his shotgun. Justin. You saw It, right? There were a lot of tweets. Folks a lot We. Look at this stuff. guess we love the Bonino army. just so you know. Quick update. Justin. We have not received any word back. Correct Producer. Jim has not gotten a call yet either about It But. The offer still stands. Tampon Tim I will fly Justin out. I'll give him a private jet or by himself. He can even take a guest. I will the only could request is we video it for the audience and he will give You a free what do he say? 15 minute tutorial. Take that put I need 15.


He doesn't even need, we'll give, we'll say 15. Justin only needs five. We'll give him 15 to show him how to load his shotgun. It's really not hard. It's right. But. We Folks. We have not heard anything. But, thank you for staying on top of it. On x and truth We. Really appreciate it. Make sure you tweet to the Harris campaign. Justin's ready. He is ready. He will There. He is There. He's Elmer fud slash tampon. Tim There, he goes, doesn't know how to use his own shotgun. so the offer still stands. We'll keep You posted. Quick break. I wanna get back to after this, how bad the internals have to be for this thing to have happened yesterday. Something big happened yesterday.


You may have caught it and believe me, it is not an accident. They are struggling right now and They know this could be really bad for them. Wait, I'm sorry. You know what they're really worried about? They're worried about losing the Senate and the house too. Day tuned.


Patriot Mobile, many Americans, tired and frustrated by stalling economy, inflation, endless wars and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner With Patriot Mobile. They've been on the front lines fighting for our rights. Our military, the sanctity of life. And our first responder. Heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first By switching to Patriot Mobile today you'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks and They back their service With a coverage guarantee. They're 100% US based. Customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't get fooled by other providers pretending to share your values or have the same coverage. They don't and They can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thank You Patriot Mobile.


I. Want you to watch this clip? I've been using this guy a lot for one simple reason. I don't want to be accused of bias. Okay, so I've been taking a lot of these clips about polls and the condition of the Kamala campaign from left wing media so nobody can accuse me of giving my audience a bias perspective. I don't work. With CNN They suck. It's a communist network. But, this guy Harry Enton has been a truth teller over There. This guy has been a pretty unbiased guy looking at the polls. I want you to listen to this about the black vote Don don't know how many times I gotta tell you. so if We wake up on November 6th, right? And we won this thing I guarantee you these two things will do. It Folks, write this down.


Who are those? But You got that you got Insurrection Barbie to maga kitty z zz. The guys who take my clips and spread 'em around. I love You. Guys, you are the best clip. This if We, if we win this thing and we execute, it'll be two things that did it. It'll be Pennsylvania and it'll be the minority vote. I'm 100% sure, 100% If we win and execute, that'll be what puts us over the top. Okay? The base plus that Pennsylvania and the black vote. Listen to Harriet and in case you Think, I'm crazy about the black vote on c Nnn of all places. Check this out. And sometimes there's a trend line that I never noticed before and make me go, whoa, this is one of 'em.


All right. This is the democratic margin among black men under the age of 45 and presidential elections. You go back to November of 2012, what do you See? we see Obama by 81 Clinton only won 'em by 63. Then we're all the way down to Biden last time around by 53. A tremendous drop already. And then you take a look at the average of the most recent polls and Kamala Harris is up by only 41 points. That is about half the margin that Obama won them by back in November of 2012. Folks half the margin from Obama in 2012. Do You understand if we execute bring 10 people, With us and jumping on the the Trump MAGA train are working class white voters.


We've lost through terrible messaging over the years. Republican party's always been the party of the working class. We just haven't had the right messenger until Trump. The white working class. If We get good chunks of the union vote. If You get chunks of the Jewish vote we haven't got before the Arab vote. If You get good solid chunks of the Hispanic vote and the minority vote, do You understand there's No math for them. Folks the cheating would have to be so off the charts that It would be, it'd be almost impossible to cover up. Please go out and execute and You will The Next Day. You will play this clip and say that cat was right.


It'll be Pennsylvania and the black vote. That'll be what decides this election if those numbers are real. And that guy from CNN I have No reason to believe he's lying. He's on c Nnn. I haven't fired him yet, which is stunning. I have No reason to believe those numbers are wrong. I'm telling you right now. We are in good shape, not great shape, good shape. Now before you respond back Folks in the chat. If I'm wearing this out, tell me I'll, I'll stop But. You may say, Dan I, don't trust polls good. Don't, they're not. They're reliable, they're not valid, they're reliable. Wrong But. They're not valid. I, get it? I'm m just telling you, and I've told this story, gee, have I not told this story for four years?


There are friends of mine who work and do significant business in the professional class of the black community. People who are very successful make a lot of money. People who deal with a lot of minority audiences and entertainment and business, sports, academia. He told me a long time ago that he was stunned when he spoke to some of these men and women that They told him that basically all their friends were voting for Trump. so you could tell me all you want. Polls don't matter. I'm gonna say I agree With. You polls are shit. I'm m just telling you the anecdotes I hear absolutely back up What we're seeing, there's No way.


They're completely wrong on this No way. Now this is the story I was talking about. Do You have any idea how bad their internals have to be to take this risk? I mean this is like when You are down in a football game by three touchdowns in the fourth quarter and you just start throwing 40 50 yard passes us downfield running the risk of an interception. guess you have nothing to lose. Look at his tweet by Jackie Heinrich from Fox VP Harris to sit down. With Brett Bear on Wednesday in her first Fox News interview. Something Biden's never Don Folks. Regardless of what You, Think of Fox or Brett or anyone else on There, I, I Think, I Think.


Brett's gonna ask decent questions. We'll see if he doesn't, we'll we'll obviously we're gonna cover that too. I don't work There anymore. I knew Brett But. We weren't like coffee buddies or anything like that. Kamala Harris who cannot answer a question extemporaneously at all must be in such bad shape that her team is telling her Now what? What's the worst? This is what I'm telling You the team is saying to her, what's the worst thing that could happen? What's the worst thing that can happen? But. Here's the chaos behind the scenes here. You've got one side of her campaign that if you were paying attention to what happened yesterday, You know their campaign is in disarray. You've obviously got a schism.


You've got one side saying Hey, you gotta go on Fox and get some independence and some moderate Democrats say, watch Fox, you gotta moderate But. Then you've got the other side that comes out. With this. This is the most bizarre campaign strategy I've ever seen. She decides to come out on Columbus, Day, Kamala Harris and give the craziest Kami speech, I Think I've ever heard in her my life basically pissing off Italians, Catholics, and anyone who believes in Western civilization. Listen to this speech, hasn't even mentioned Columbus. She mentions the European conquerors. so This is insane.


Check this out. Since 1934, every October the United States has recognized the voyage of the European explorers who first landed on the shores of the Americas. But. That is not the whole story. That has never been the whole story. Those explorers ushered in a wave of devastation for tribal nations. Perpetrating violence, stealing land and spreading disease. We must not shy away from this shameful past.


Oh I mean I'm really trying to control the language. Avitas like really? You came in this morning on fire drop like 22 F-bomb I. Know But. That was different No. Cameras were not rolling. I was talking about something totally different, which I have to keep off the air. I always Think cause Avitas like very, she loves God like I do and s just gotta like control that. And I felt bad about It But. What the fuck was Don and what was Don? With What? What you brought Jesus and pastors You Ukraine. She acts like the the she acts like the, the entire world was this pure, you know, garden of Eden, like building edifice before the evil conquerors.


With, the pestilence showed up. This woman is freaking insane. Everyone knows the names were all living together. Yeah, exactly. Justin said it right? You're right. The people who are living here They, were all living together in peace, giving each other back rubs, They. Were singing campfire songs at night, ladies and gentlemen, men news, flash men, indigenous non-indigenous white, black Arab, Jewish, Catholic, Christian, every men have been killing other men for a really long time in a lot of different places. I don't know if Kamala Harris hasn't heard this. But. It's amazing how We have the United States guess of what explorers and people like Columbus did.


We have this great country where people are free to live and succeed in a constitutional republic. And Kamala Harris's first instinct is to blame the explorers that did it. This is exactly the kind of shit Avita just pointed out. She's get must have these young people telling her to go on call her daddy. These are the people that are decimating this campaign. I promise you she did not gain a single vote from that ridiculous speech. All of those crazy lib communists already voting for her But. She probably lost I kid You, not probably a couple hundred thousand people yesterday who were like, wait, what I'm saying lost some may not vote for Trump. They may sit it out. But. They're like, I ain't voting for this either. What a lunatic I said Good news.


Bad news though. The good news the Kamala Harris collapse is here. It is real. Forget the polls. Forget the polls. s just I cover 'em cause news people cover 'em and people like them. I'm telling You the collapse is real. I'm gonna show you something else about polls and why you shouldn't trust them. Coming up. 'cause someone commented on Facebook yesterday. Dan You believe the polls. I was like Sister I love You, But, You even listen to the show We do not trust the polls. I would rather be ahead though than behind. guess the media covers these stupid things. I'm gonna show you something really important about the polls s Coming up next and this. It's from a New York Times guy and it's absolutely correct.


What? Yeah, even a blind square gets a nut Hey.


American financing today's economic environment is still really stressful for a lot of us. But With, the Fed finally dropping interest rates. There's No better time than now to put You and your family in a better financial position. If you're a homeowner, American financing is helping thousands of families just like You. We've been putting everyday expenses on credit cards. Get out from underneath the debt by tapping into your home's. Equity, American financing, saving their borrowers over $800 a month on average. 800 a month is like a $10,000 raise at work And It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save their closing in some loans as little as as 10 days. If you start today may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. There's No. Better time to turn your, turn your situation around. so call American financing today. Again, they're closing summit as little as 10 days. The number is 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website's at.net address it's american financing.net. That's american financing.net N mls 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank You American Financing


and our last sponsor You heard 'em at the beginning of the show coin. All my listers always ask me, how do I get involved in the conservative fight and that parallel economy? Well you gotta know where your dollars are going first. A lot of these credit card companies are funneling millions to lib causes and candidates hoping you don't notice you did and now you have a choice. Coin is America's conservative credit card. It's like Coin With a g. Find them at CO I g n.com. With every transaction you help coin advance conservative causes and charities at No cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country. With every swipe. It's a great looking credit card you'll take pride in using it's bright Red says we the people on the front coin With a G works everywhere. Visas accepted comes With. A 100% customer based customer service and consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply today@coin.com. That's CO I g n.com. CO I g n.com. Be sure to select how did you hear about us Dan. Bonino in that section terms apply. Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details. Thank You Coin We. Appreciate It


Folks. I want you to walk Looks, read this tweet from this New York Times guy Nate Cohen. It's rare that I agree With anyone from the New York Times. It's obviously a communist ad prop paper But. Here's what I Think is going on. With the pollsters Harry Ton. This guy who analyzes some numbers. This guy Nate Cohen They have their own credibility at stake. Folks They, I They They. You know the New York Times doesn't really care about its credibility. I mean it pushed the PPE hoax. It's covering up plagiarism. I mean it's not a serious media outlet. But, these pollsters They make their money off being accurate. In other words, after the campaign, I I don't wanna, I'm gonna screw this up. When I ran for office, I want a pollster telling me my actual numbers.


I don't want propaganda. You hire a push puller for that. I wanna know if I'm losing so I know where to spend money. These guys money livelihoods and reputations depend on being right. That's why They say things, even With the New York Times and Harry T at CNN and you're like, wow, that why? Does that make sense? That's crazy. Read this tweet. Nate Cohen says, one of the more coherent theories of the polling era, which by the way is significant With Donald Trump, he always outperforms his polls is that We can basically only measure the midterm electorate. The low propensity vote is Trump and we just can't reach them. Yes I told you this P ones, how many times have I told you this story?


I saw this when I ran in 2016 when Donald Trump ran in 2016. I ran two I ran in Byron Donald's district. It was a different, It was an open primary back then. He was a state rep. How he wasn't running for Congress. However, Florida 19, go look it up. We got trounced. It was a, it was a crazy election. It was like a two week sprint. Long story. However, I ran in Florida in a swing state and I could not believe when I was given a walk list of Republican voters, like hardcore Republican voters. 'cause it was a Republican district. I could not believe how many Trump signs were on lawns that were not on my list. so I called Maria my campaign manager.


I'm like, Maria, she remembers this story. I'm like, why are we skipping all these houses? With Trump signs is this list, right? She said, Dan They never voted before. I'm telling you they're not on the freaking list. She's like, you can knock on the door. But. They don't vote. so You know what I did. I started knocking on their doors. guess I got sick in Cape Coral of skipping the houses. cause the way Cape Coral is, you have to go up and down, get back into your car 'cause there's canals everywhere you can't swim across and It got to be a pain in the ass. I started asking people, Hey man, you got a Trump sign, do you vote? Nah man. I never voted before. Are you voting now? You Bet your ass in midterm elections.


Only hardcore voters show up. That's why the midterm polls have been pretty good. The presidential years where people pollsters have never seen before who are hiding out. There pocket Trump voters They show up in the presidential and even the New York Times guy is saying, Hey bro, We just can't reach them. I'm telling you accurate. How many times guys have I told this story? Probably a hundred times. I'm telling you it's real. Donald Trump is going to outperform his polls. The only question is by how much now's the bad news. Obviously ladies and gentlemen, the polls don't account for cheating.


They don't. Here's 61 minutes here. You know 61 minutes used to be called 60 minutes. It's now 61 minutes. 'cause They added one for Kamala Harris after the editing 61 minutes is already prepping you for shenanigans in Pennsylvania. Oh notice I told you There are two things that matter in this election right now. There are a lot of things. But the two most important things, Pennsylvania and the minority vote. We win those. It's over Johnny, sorry, sweep the knee. It's Don. Don't You. Find it awfully strange that obviously a communist network. CBS With a communist show, 61 minutes that is actively trying to steal another election is already running a segment, trying to pre bunk Pennsylvania shenanigans and trying to prepare you for Pennsylvania taking like six weeks or whatever to count to vote.


It's crazy. Florida has 20 plus million people. We count to vote like that. We have more people than Pennsylvania. Why can't Pennsylvania do it? Jim, why can't Pennsylvania do it? Producer Jim sir. cause They don't want to. Here's 61 minutes contributing to pre bunking any kind of narratives about Pennsylvania. If They steal it, watch this. So in 2020 it took four days to call the election in Pennsylvania what took so long When you have half of your voters vote by mail like We did in 2020, counting those votes takes time.


We saw for ourselves at a ballot intake center in Chester County outside Philadelphia. so this Is the actual envelope and these where the ballot so are in. And this Is a sample Correct Yes Elections administrator Karen Barum showed us how each ballot arrives inside two different envelopes. 94 Ballots in one Tray. Processing them is a tedious task, which under Pennsylvania law cannot start until 7:00 AM on election Day. So when we do open it, There is another envelope. so hypothetically speaking, if we have a hundred thousand mail-in ballots, we have to deal with double the amount of envelopes, which is a a a long process and then the ballot comes out and you can't count It folded like that.


Correct? We will need to have a whole different team unfold them back, fold them to get the creases out as good as we can. How long does it take to process Each ballot? Several minutes. It's not, it's not like Don in a sack. Folks, why do you Think They ran that segment You Think. That's by accident. Can You please explain to me how conservative Well-run states can count the ballots on election night like just about every serious country in the world and Pennsylvania can't figure It out. Can you please explain who's running Pennsylvania? Morons is the governor There.


Josh Shapiro, the Democrat is this guy got his head up his ass. The Pennsylvania legislature and the Pennsylvania constitution can't be written to figure out a way to count the vote. Like Floridians, it's not hard man. They don't do It on election night cause They don't want to. That's why. This is why I am telling You don't get cocky. I'm already seeing it. The No red wave talk. Yes Folks. Candidly, in an honest, free and fair election, We could have a really good night. But. That's not the country We live in. We live in a country where one of the largest, most critically important swing states is running segments on 61 minutes With propaganda people who just edited a Kamala Harris interview to try to steal another election about why It takes forever to count a vote that could be easily counted on election night.


It's ridiculous. Here's what's got me worried too. I told you I'd give you the good news and the bad news. so again, this is we get crazier as the polls get worse for Kamala Harris and Trust me, they're going to get worse. The woman cannot save herself. She is incompetent. She's genuinely stupid. She cannot save herself. Here's Raphael Warnock. This is a segment that not a lot of people caught, some did. Very smart. Raphael Warnock is a far left radical Democrat senator from Georgia.


He's crazy. He went on, was it CNN? And he's already telegraphing their strategy If They lose Georgia. He says, one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard in an interview about election integrity and isn't challenged at all. That hand counting, which is basically just checking by hand that the tally is accurate from the machine count, which is a double checking mechanism is somehow gonna cause more fraud. You See when he's doing here. If Trump wins Georgia and Georgia's critical to the electoral college count, if it's a blowout, it's a blowout. They're gonna say, oh No, the people hand counting it interfered in the election and changed the count.


Watch They always, always, always tell you in advance what they're gonna do. Watch this Before I let you go. I wanna ask about something that's happening in Georgia? Democrats are suing the state election board There over a rule change requiring counties to hand count ballots, cast at polling places. If this rule remains in place, what do You Think the impact will be on the election? Well, here's what we know from the data. Hand counting ballots doesn't create more accurate results. It actually lowers accuracy. O Only if you're a liberal, meaning you probably have an IQ in the double digits, maybe single.


It's possible. Would you believe a statement so absurd on its face that double checking a machine count by hand counting would somehow lead to less and not more accuracy? Raphael Warnock knows this is bullshit. Okay, the reason he's floating that Democrats never say anything by mistake. Well, I mean I shouldn't say that. They screw up sometimes I I, let me correct that. They will float is a better way to say It. They will float trial balloons to left wing media people to make sure They don't get a lot of kind of spill back and spill over on it. Nobody said anything. Now They know They can run With this. They've already planted the seed. That hand counting, which increases accuracy of the vote count could lead to potential cheating that way.


If They lose Georgia and it's not a blowout, I promise you, you'll remember this show. They're gonna say it was the hand counting. We won this thing, we went and this thing is gonna be litigated to Hades. I'm telling I how many receipts I gotta bring you. I told you in the beginning of the show, are you ready for the chaos? If you really believe they're gonna let us win on election night and then let us swear in in January, you're outta your mind. I'm not telling you. Second, we're gonna do it. No matter what if We win, it's happening. The transfer of power is happening. I'm telling you, they're gonna do everything in their power to stop It. And by the way, so are foreign governments.


If They see an opportunity in that in interim to cause massive chaos. I told You yesterday about China I again, this is story number three. Folks, take It or leave It. I'm just producing receipts. We're like the supermarket. Whether you buy the food or not is up to You. Okay? I showed You the article China, they're worried about China now having infiltrated our critical infrastructure. I showed you the story yesterday about the drones over sensitive military locations. Many people believe They may be connected to China. You know about the China spy balloon story, which was international news, October 14th, Washington Times.


Oh look, China again. China deploys a record. 125 war planes and a huge military drill after Taiwan. Leader speech. I I, don't But I don know whatevs, whatevs, I get whatevs, whatevs, I gotta do whatevs. I gotta do Fly for Taiwan's football game. Justin said it right? Like maybe he had an SEC football game. China will do military drills over the stadium and people will wake up in the Pentagon, right? That's a good point. Maybe they'll go, holy shit, that wasn't the flyover that was supposed to be our planes. What's next? What do you whatevs do You? Listen to me. Get prepared. Okay, get prepared. The best Day of your life is You. Throw all that shit out in 10 years.


Oh look, the batteries are expired. The best Day of your life is in 10 years. You, go that Dan Bonino is a crazy person. I will applaud you. I'll be like Yes. He was way too, he had that secret service mentality. He was over prepared. Good guess of what I think's gonna happen if things don't break, right, happens You. Wish You listened. I'm just saying it's taking a little bit of comic relief here. Did you see Donald Trump, by the way, in this interview yesterday? just wanna say, when I tell you things like Kamala Harris can't save herself, I mean it. Kamala Harris is just not comfortable.


You know, one of the things about this show, I really love Don. Don't wanna get sidetracked. But You know, at the beginning of the show we had this little like minor screw up With the stuff But guess this show is such an open kind of friendly forum where You and I feel like we're just hanging together. Every Day and there's No. Don. Don't wanna say No structure. I mean. We professionally put together the show. I mean I could type It. s just write it out. 'cause writing helps me. Whatever. You get the point. It's a, it's funny, it's relatable and We like each other. We like chatting With each other. I like looking into the chat. That's Donald Trump. Donald Trump has No problem going on. Sports shows going in front of the international association of black journalist, like he'll go anywhere. guess he's a regular guy who talks like a regular person.


Kamala Harris just can't do that. I want you to listen to this exchange on this podcast. Is this the one this Kamala and the accent? This is why Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, he's the best weapon for himself. She's the worst weapon for herself and the best weapon for him. Check this out. How Come you're so genuine? With every every group, You, talk to you. Never change your accents or try to appeal to who you're talking to like her. Yeah. Yeah. I. See, you're always the same. so I'm trying to figure that Out. I haven't tried that. I don't Think It plays too well. I saw that the other Day I don't Think It plays too well. Yeah, I don't like it.


You See. we see how Trump, he's s just like it's s just a perfect. That's With the Nel boys. I Love the No Boys. By the way, I met them at the Rrn C. This is such a great crew of guys, man, they've got a great show. Is that the full FLA of the Full Send podcast, right? These guys are really popular With young men and women. I played that. guess it's s just a normal natural response. Why don't You speak in different accents to people? He's like, oh, you mean like Kamala? Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't really play too well. You see how I was like a totally non-focused group tested? Answer to the question. He does this over and over. That's why we're really itching for the biggest live stream in the world. This show what has two thumbs and runs the biggest live stream in the world?


This guy and this crew, the Bino Army You got look at It 169,000. Let's get it to 170. guess we'll be number one again. That's why I am itching to do this one last time. I Folks. Are you guys cool? With this in the chat. guess it's your show. Yeah, it's got my name on it. But. It's for You. I'm gonna ask you a question bot Gino, take a look. I mean I. Actually, I can't make it a pull. I'm just get, I'm gonna reach some of your comments. I'm really leaning towards doing a more personal interview. With him. If we can get 45 minutes to an hour. I wanna talk about, you know, why he doesn't drink and smoke and how his parenting and how his kids changed his life.


Folks, we've heard every answer about tax cuts and the economy. We've heard it. I can just play them over again. s just wanna talk to this guy. guess the guy I. know I promise you. I promise You is such an attractive candidate that if We just talk does, does he follow sports? Is that I mean? These are the kind of things I can or are You cool, With that s just don't want anyone being upset. Damn. Why didn't You get any answer for the 5,000 time about building a wall? guess I can replay that again. I wanna give him an opportunity to tell you who he is in front of the largest yet Thank You. Yes. Let's do it man. Let's s just talk like guys.


Let's s just talk like guys. I wanna See. when he learned from his dad what real estate taught him, how his business parlayed into politics, what lessons he learned from business, what he learned from airlines being an app, what he learned from being in the sports business. Nobody's asking these questions. Who is Donald Trump? 'cause the guy I've seen is an unbelievable human being and sometimes It gets lost in the same, what are We gonna do about the wall? Build it. Well gonna be like taxes. Cut him. Okay, We, get it. Look at his Breitbart pole. By the way, back to the show. This is why Donald Trump is leading Kamala Harris among independents.


guess when people get to know Donald Trump and his interviews, they're like, I, I, I. Definitely have a beer. With That guy, even though he doesn't drink, I'll drink for him. Whatever. This is why and Folks, he runs on issues that matter. Let me just transition a second back to the absolute fecklessness of this administration. You had a guy before where we had four years of peace and stability. Yes Covid happened. Yes, There were mistakes during Covid. I will never give you a bias perspective of the prior Trump administration. There were mistakes made. There were clear mistakes made. There is No question.


The Trump. Four years were Ba, even With. COV, I D. Then the shit show we've had now none guess he's a practical common sense thinker and people are tired of being bullshitted. Here is the DHS secretary a guy. I cannot get outta my head. I absolutely can't stand this guy. He is the most corrupt public figure we have seen in decades. Alejandro Mayorkas, he's on TV now. I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you and bring the receipts that this guy's full of shit. Again, suggesting that Democrats importing illegals into the country for voting purposes is quote disinformation and some kind of conspiracy theory.


I'm just warning you now, liberals, receipts in Coming afterwards. Listen to the clip first. Check this out. You have a a big portfolio at Homeland Security and of course the US border is part of that. Border crossings are now at a a low for the Biden presidency. But, our CBS polling shows. 65% of Trump voters believe the Biden administration's trying to intentionally increase the number of migrants at the border. And among the people who do believe that three quarters of them say it's guess, the administration wants them to vote. And the speaker of the house just told us that he thinks non-citizens are going to vote even though this is already illegal under established law.


What mechanisms can you tell the public about that exist to prevent this from happening? So what a, what a powerful example of disinformation There is. No facts underlying these assertions. They are extremely damaging. It causes people to lose confidence in the integrity of the election system. And we need people in positions of authority to actually communicate accurate information to the voting public Folks. How many receipts do you need for this There? He is There. He is shopping for high-end men's underwear. Ladies and gentlemen, There was Alma orcas. People were drowning. I heard a rumor. He may have been shopping for again, hammock pouch, underwear to securely cradle his sack downstairs.


I don't know. I don't know someone. I don't know how They would know that. But, he's smiling for the camera. Look at me. People were drowning, dying ho. Homes floating away. And our department of Homeland security secretary in charge of FEMA is out There With hammock pouch underwear. And he's telling You that it is disinformation that illegals could vote that we bring into the country. Receipts incoming. Here's the supermarket. Check out counter. Sir, would you like your receipt? Yes, sir. I would Fox News Oregon mistakenly registered hundreds more voters without proving citizenship. More than 300 people were registered to vote without providing proof of citizenship in addition to over 1000 people last month.


I thought that wasn't happening. I thought that wasn't happening. I thought we were okay. Now that's happening in Oregon in the chat. You. Think. That's happening elsewhere. You bet your hammock pouch, underwear, They are, oh, here's another one. Receipts in Coming again, sir, would you like your receipt? Yes, sir? I'll take that. I'll put It right in my pocket. Fox News Department of Justice under Biden, Sue Virginia for allegedly purging non-citizens from voting rolls too close to the election. Oh, believe me, I'll be following up on this tomorrow. The Department of Justice is suing Virginia from removing people ineligible to vote from voter rolls. Say that again.


Slowly say that again, slowly Yes, that's happening. Why would the Department of Justice be suing to keep illegals on the voter rolls? People who are not citizens and not eligible to vote. guess They want non-citizens to vote. This does not require anything more than Hamm's. Simple razor on it. Keep it simple. Stupid Folks. The evidence is everywhere. You know what's happening. You see it in front of your face. I'm not the one lying. Hammock pouch, underwear, nuts, sack, protecting Alma Orkis shopping while people were drownings. Lying to You. Every single time I can produce the receipts, he can't produce anything other than a pair of draws.


Okay, we win. He loses. Go back to that Gallup thing. We opened up the show it cause we're gonna do a Pink Floyd the wall is this where We came in. If you know, you know Americans trust in the media remains at an all time low. That is why We are number one every single Day. guess we bring the receipts and the truth and these people are bullshitting you. And it's an honor to be a part of It. Again, I will keep You updated on the Donald Trump interview. We're really hoping to make it happen. Folks. It may require some last minute stuff. so if I make an announcement like Hey tomorrow, it's not guess of us. They've got a lot going on. It's not about my show, it's about him winning the election.


We're gonna try to be as flexible as possible. But election night from here in Stewart. Big show starting 7:30 PM Eastern Time. With the squiggly. Little equals 'cause it maybe be a plus or minus a few minutes. Make sure you're here. Rumble dot com slash bino. You don't need cable, you don't need broadcasters. You just need us. We got Bens We. Got Julie Kelly. We got special guests. Coming in all night. It'll be me. It'll be Avita. There may be some alcoholic beverages involved. I don't know. I'm just saying, gee told me there's a bar in the location. Been There quite a bit. Never seen it. Weird. I love this spot. My friend Kyle G owns it. It's amazing.


It's s gonna be a banger of a party. Have You seen? I heard? There's a bar in it's hidden. Justin says he's never seen it either. He said it's like hidden in the back. It's like a wine copy of your name. It's like a, there's a No. Oh yeah, I. Guess they'll see that. There is a wine C With my name on it. But I I. Keep I. I I I I I I I I. Keep a copy of the Wall Street Journal in There just in case. Okay it so There No wine in There at all. Surely don't open a Hawaiian things Folks. Thanks again for tuning in. Join us on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes. Back here tomorrow. Rumble dot com slash bonino. It's free. It's live. Every Day at 11:00 AM set up an account. It's free. If You wanna chat, you can watch for free. Download the Rumble app. If you don't like ads, you can sign up for Rumble Premium. We'd love to have you. Thanks for tuning in.


See, we here tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.