
As always, welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us today, brought to you by Blackout Coffee, the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order.


Appreciate you being here today. We've got a huge show for you. We've got Dan Bonino and Cash Patel sitting down for their first interview together to talk about what's happening within the FBI, what they're digging up and what you can expect to see in the weeks and months ahead. A lot to get to there. Also, now we get the breaking news this weekend that Joe Biden has an aggressive form of cancer. How much of this information was kept from you? We'll dive into all of the details, what we know and all of the questions we still have about this, the biggest scandal in American history, really worth digging in here. And then we've got, we've got some other information coming up.


We've got Mike McCormick will be here with us. He, at one point, he's an amazing American. At one point he hid to, he was the stenographer for Joe Biden. His job was to write down every single syllable that came outta that guy's mouth back when he was vice president of the United States. We get Mike's reaction to all of this breaking news and what he think is thinks it really means it is. It is a big Monday. Great to have you with us here. Coming up on the show. It's gonna be so, so good.


I gotta thank our sponsors today. Millions of veterans and active military have risk and continue to risk their lives for you and I to live a life with freedom. You know, the irony is that our country is becoming less and less free by the day. Our phones, they're listening to US tech companies. They're tracking all of our online activity to sell it for profit. One of the best weapons that I use to protect myself as a product called Express, VPN Express, VPN, is an app that sends 100% of my online activity through secure encrypted servers. That means nobody can see what websites you visit or what apps you use. It's none of their business. With Express VPN, none of your online activity is logged. Within the last year, express VPN received over 400,000 data requests and zero Express. VPN customers had their data shared by the company. And that's because there's a strict zero logs policy Express VPN is easy to use. It just takes one click And it works on all of your devices. And right now you can get an extra four months for free. When you use my special link, go to express vpn.com/ VINCE and get four extra months of Express VPN. That's ex P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ VINCE.


Well That was neat. We got to see Cash Patel and Dan Bonino in Dan's case for the first time on a television camera, since he's been the deputy director of the FBI. They sat down going into the weekend. Of course they had prerecorded it last week, which is why we were able to see a teaser clip on Friday going into the weekend. And then they aired it on Maria Barta Romo's Sunday program. So just to place yourself in time. The interview was done before James Comey was putting Shell art together to call for a threat against the president of the United States on a beach. So that's where they were. But fascinating to see these guys together.


And I liked what I heard and I was curious about a bunch that of things that I heard. Let me start with Cash Patel and Dan Bonino saying that new January 6th documents are going to be coming out over the course of the next few weeks. Cut seven. Here are the two men discussing this. What was the FBI doing? Well, We got answers coming. We just found a trove of information and it's on its way to Capitol Hill right now. And they've asked, and they're getting them, and you're getting answers on January 6th. You're getting answers on what sourcing was utilized, what money was utilized, how many assets were utilized, who made those decisions. You're getting it. We can only control the FBI, but you're getting it from the FBI were there, FBI agents, undercover egging people on.


Like I said, that answer is coming and it's on its way to Congress. You are about to, I saw it, I saw the portfolio of information we dug far and wide to find it, and I'm pretty sure now we have a conclusive, definitive answer. But you, you and the public are gonna have it. You're gonna see it in writing over to Capitol Hill. You're getting the information. It's coming. It's being first sent to Congress. Remember, these congressional committees keep asking for information from the FBI and Cash Patel and Dan Bonino are delivering it at a breakneck speed. So week after week, they're sending more info over to Congress and then of course it goes public as soon as it arrives in Congress.


The these details, if I'm, if I'm reading between the lines here, if I, as we listen to these two men talk about this, Dan went out of his way to say that there's a distinction between an agent as in an undercover FBI agent and a source, a confidential human source that is working with the FBI. And he wants people to remember that as this information comes out, that there's a ma that there is a difference between those two categories of people. So keep that in mind that when we get whatever information emerges, the core question remains, and I hope these documents illuminate the answer to this is to what extent was the FBI placing pressure on any of the people that it controlled inside of that building in order to both raid the building and to induce the chaos that we saw in the events of January 6th?


How much of this was just astro turfed by the FBI? Those are the critical questions. And these guys are saying, look, we've, we've pulled, pulled all these documents together and now we're releasing them to Congress, which means they're being released to you. So we've got that transparency to look forward to coming over the next few weeks. Also, they were asked about the promotion of a guy called Steve Jensen to the Washington Field office of the FBI. Jensen has been believed to be one of the signature bad guys in the FBI drama, the FBI scandal, the tyranny against the American people, the attacks on Americans. And so it's left a lot of conservative scratching their heads.


Why was Steve Jensen elevated to this important role in the Washington Field Office? This very important field office of the FBI. Luckily, I'm glad Maria asked about this. Here's what the fellas had to say. Cut eight on the promotion of Steve Jensen. You Promoted Steven Jensen, the architect of the FBI's over zealous January 6th investigation. I want the American public to realize what we did. That man was in a position where he literally fought back against the machine who was saying, we wanna politicize this event. We wanna politicize this event. And at the end of the day, remember Maria, there's a chain of command here so you can fight back your chain of command to a certain degree before they fire you.


And Steve Jensen and other folks were promoted because they embody what the American public demands of FBI agents To get to the bottom of something like January 6th. In the pipe bomber case, for example, you need three things. You need people, you need information, and you need people with information. I'll allow the public to put that together and just wait. And you'll see nothing we're doing. Nothing is by accident. That is one of the most important clips you're gonna see from this entire interview. One of the most important. And those two men just said, they each said something that I think you and I should spend some time mulling over.


First Cash Patel says that in Steve Jenssen's case, he did everything he could to fight back against the system, but in the end, he has to do what he's told by his superiors is what cash is explaining. Now, what that means to me, I'm, I'm sussing at this out, I'm listening to this and I'm thinking deeply about it. What that means to me is that Steve Jensen is useful in going after senior officials who abuse their power and broke the law that Steve Jensen is an imp an important ingredient to that. Now Cash characterized him as a decent person saying that he was resistant to these efforts to be tyrannical and in the meantime protected his job.


I'll have to take cash at his word. I don't know Steve Jensen, but I do know what I just heard suggests that they're not looking at Steve as the guy to take down. They're looking at people who were above him, people who were issuing orders, people who were abusing their power at a very high level. So Steve Jensen is a means to that end part two. What did you hear Dan say? He said, in order to do this, you need people, you need information, and you need people with information. Which category do you think Steve Jensen fits into? Which category does he fit into? He's people with information. He was at the epicenter of this tyranny against the American people.


He has access to the information about how all of it went down. So again, I'm merely engaging in some educated speculation here, but why can't we view a guy like Steve Jensen as someone who they were able to now use against the evil doers? To what extent is that possible? I think it's very possible. In fact, again, I remain ha pleased that we get Cash Patel and Dan Bonino at the top of the FBI. That, that, that's super important. But I think that the, the audio you just heard, you even heard Dan say it, I'll let the public make what they will of that. He said at the end of that clip, what that means is for you and I to look at this and go, okay, why would this make sense?


Why would Steve Jensen be in this role? And the answer is, he's a guy with information and there are people who were senior to him that we wanna take down. That's what the answer was that you just heard from Cash And Dan, a valuable answer there. So, so interesting to hear that. Again, this all makes sense in the service of actual consequences. So we all, we await the meaningful consequences for the guys who waged this tyranny against the public. But in so far as we're trying to stitch together, what do we get in the interim that's a useful piece of information from those two guys. Here's more on the quest for accountability. Cut nine here is Cash Patel, Dan Bonino talking about Russian Russiagate information.


Take a look here. What we'll do Now is continue to put out the documents and the information that these people withheld from the American public. And I'm just telling you right now, as much as we know about Crossfire hurricane, he and I just found out more last week and we're continuing to work with Congress to put those documents out. That's how vindictive and vicious the former leadership structure here was. Not only did they bastardize the FISA process in Latin American public, they withheld and hid documentation and put it in rooms where people weren't supposed to look. And it's a good thing we're here now to clean it up. And you're about to see a wave of transparency. What do you mean? Just give us about a week or two, About a week or two brand new Russiagate information set to come out in the midst of all this.


Now, I should point out something that Devin Nunes, the, the former congressman was on with Maria Bar Romo immediately after this interview and was talking about that component of it because he was steeped in it. He was digging up all of this Russiagate garbage when he was in Congress with Cash Patel, by the way. And Imagine Cash, who's probably the single most versed person on all of this, finding out new information inside of the FBI that they're now releasing to Congress. Devin Nunes seemed to be hinting, or at least again, educated guessing over and over that this could have something to do with the Mueller investigation. That the data that they may have discovered may have something to do with Mueller.


Now we'll see, that's a dog ear that see if that is what actually comes out. But he believes that is Devin Nunes, and I'm talking to him on the Nationwide radio show today from 12 to three Eastern time. So I'll get into this a little more. He believes that it was Mahler's team and that's guy like Andrew Weissman, You know that guy, that guy's at the center of so much garbage against President Trump, the weaponization of government that they may be exposed here by the documents that are gonna be released. And you heard cas just say it, whoever was handling all of these documents, this Russiagate stuff, they were hiding these documents.


They were trying to conceal them even within the agency in order to prevent them from ever being publicly disclosed. So again, more transparency is on the way. Now, on that particular topic, Russiagate Maria Barta Romo did push back at one point and go, well wait a second. You know, you talk, we talk about all this, but we've been talking about this story for years and we haven't seen meaningful accountability for it. And Cash had a good answer to this cash laid out. He is like, look, we're dealing with what we can now. And the reason that we can't place everybody under arrest for the events of the 2016 election is because some of these things, the statute of limitations has completely run.


He says it's five years of statute of limitations in a lot of these cases. So we are dealing with what we can deal with now. So a so an update on that story as well. You know, why did the FBI's leaders imperil the agency's reputation in terms of going after Trump in this way? Tyrannical Maria Bart Romo asked, and Dan Bonino had an answer. Take a look at cut 10 here. Why put the BI in its reputation at risk what it was just, just to win an election? Why? 'cause they're weak. 'cause they're weak. I hate weak people. I can't stand it. They didn't have, oh, we're on tv, so I already said BS one.


So, but they didn't have the guts, the courage or the character to do the right thing. They did the easy thing. Donald Trump became a convenient political football. They used, they thought they could leverage. They thought they'd get, they, they thought with the media on their side that they'd get away with it. They thought they'd get away with it. They thought they'd get away with it. And they would've had President Trump's voters not rallied to his side, not gotten him across the finish line, not made it in the case of the 2024 election. Too big to rig. They would've just imagine if Hillary had won the 2016 election. There would be no rear word looking effort to get to the bottom of any of this.


Any of it. It would've all disappeared. There would've never been this kind of transparency that ensued only because President Trump became president. Not once, but now twice. That's it. And Dan's answer is well-founded because they're weak. Because they didn't have the strength to stand up on principle and say, no, you can't do this. No, you can't violate the constitutional rights of American citizens. No, you can't rig the election. You're not allowed to do that. No. They folded. They're weak people. Weak people. They folded and they unleashed the biggest scandal in politics of our lifetimes.


It's, it's amazing. And just imagine being Dan and cash and finding out all this in finding out new information now about all of this. Also, Dan emphasized what the actual role of the FBI is supposed to be, which is to go after violent criminals. Here's Dan talking about the hunt for child predators. Cut 11, take a look. You Said If you are hurting a child, taking away a child's innocence, we're coming for you. Yeah, we that knock at the door. It's not Amazon. That's gonna be us. This is a huge up. And Maria, not only does it destroy innocence, I said to everyone in the room, say week two or three when cash and I put restoring justice together to go get these mutts off the street, these kiddie pornographers and these, these animals, right?


I said to everyone in the room, I said, You know, why is this gonna matter to America? 'cause everyone in the room's a child or a parent, right? There's no immaculate conceptions here, right? I love Jesus. But that no one in the room, right? I said, this matters. And not only that, it creates generational crime because abused kids then become abusers in a lot of these cases. I said, we have a chance right now. I said, we gotta go make their lives painful, these bad guys. And we went and we locked up in a month, what? 400 we saved 115 kids. And you haven't even seen the beginning. 'cause those 400, a lot of them are talking. And when you log onto that network, next, you have no idea what we're doing. You think you're safe in your dark web? I promise you are absolutely not safe.


You have no idea what we can do. You know, this, this gets to something that you've heard Dan Safe for years. The do matters. The do matters. He's his, his thing. The thing that he reiterated in the interview, the thing that he reiterated on social media is like, look, I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm just asking you to watch. I'm just asking you to watch. See what happens. And here you are watching as hundreds of child predators are being rounded up all across the country, arrested, including some deeply, deeply demonic organizations who prey upon children now being picked up by the FBI arrested, taken off the streets. That's a huge deal. That's a huge deal.


If you're the kind of person who's looked at the Jeffrey Epstein saga and thought, man, I really want people to face consequences for hurting children. Well, where do you place arresting actual pedophiles and child predators on your list? It should be right there at the top. That's what you want. You want accountability. You want consequences for people who are hurt the innocent. So good to see that. Now, on Epstein, this is the clip that a lot of people are chatting about this weekend. Cash and Dan both maintain now that Jeffrey Epstein killed himself in that jail cell in Manhattan. Take a look here is cut 12 cash.


And Dan talking about Jeffrey Epstein. You said Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide. People don't believe it. Well, I mean, listen, they have a right to their opinion. But as someone who has worked as a public defender, as a prosecutor who's been in that prison system, who's been in the Metropolitan Detention Center, who's been in segregated housing, You know, a suicide when you see one, and that's what that was, He killed himself. You again, you want me to get, I've, I've I've seen the whole file. He killed himself. So what do you do with that information? Those guys, when those guys say that, when do you do with that?


Now is the answer that, oh, they've, they've been bought off by the deep state that they're, they're a part of it now. It's, it's a, it's a scam. They're trying to scam you. No, no, that's not the conclusion I walk away from that with at all. I walk away believing that both of those men believe that Jeffrey Epstein took his life. Dan Bonino is an honest broker. Cash Patel is an honest broker. They're all in these guys. They, they both sincerely believe that. Now does that satisfy my curiosity about the, the end, the demise of Jeffrey Epstein? No, it doesn't. Actually, in the end, it doesn't satisfy me because this is a story of such epic proportions and so consequential that what I would like to see is every single document that is making those guys, that certain, I would encourage the Trump administration to release all of the documents that have led to the conclusions.


You just heard cash and Dan vocalize again, guys that I trust. But it is possible for different honest people to look at the same information and walk away with different conclusions. Remember, forensic pathologist Dr. Michael Baden, working on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein's brother is thoroughly convinced that the way Epstein's body was left was evidence of an external strangulation that somebody had strangled him in that jail cell. There's too many converging, mysterious events to simply walk away from it. And just merely accept, at least from, from our public standpoint, the idea that the guy committed suicide in Manhattan just too much.


The cameras go down, the guards falsify the records. Nobody does the rounds. He's left unattended. It's just too much. So you can see why we're skeptical. You can see. And so I'm asking for more public disclosure about the underlying documents. I'm not saying cash and Dan are wrong, I'm just saying I'd like to have the same amount of confidence that they seem to have right now. Fascinating stuff. Alright, in a moment, I wanna go over what's going on with Joe Biden right now, a big cancer diagnosis. And then we will welcome our guests in here in just a few minutes. Looking forward to that.


Before we get there, I wanna thank our sponsors. Delete Me. Makes it so easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. It's easier than ever to find personal information about people online. Having your address, phone number and family members names hanging out on the internet can have actual consequences in the real world and makes everybody vulnerable with Delete me. You can protect your personal privacy or the privacy of your business from doxing attacks before sensitive information can be exploited. Take back control of your information. You really should. It's yours. Why is anybody else just putting it all over the place? Take control of your data, keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me. Now at a special discount for our listeners today. Get 20% off your Delete Me plan by texting VINCE 20 to 64,000. The only way to get 20% off is to text VINCE 20 to 64,000. That's VINCE 20 to 64,000 message and data rates may apply.


Alright, Joe Biden, Joe fricking Biden, what is going on with this guy? So we get going into the weekend, going into the weekend, we get some audio of Joe Biden. It's the conversation between Robert Hur and Joe. And this is, You know, remember this, this whole transcript was already released. We knew every last detail of this conversation. We just hadn't heard the audio of it. And the Biden administration fought to keep the audio from coming out because they knew that the audio would only compound the electoral problems for Joe Biden and then Kamala Harris.


They knew that. So they kept it from you. This was not a transparent administration, it was a censorious administration since. So administration that kept information from you. And so now it finally comes out because the Trump administration is in place, my colleague at the Daily caller Reagan Reese, has been asking the White House relentlessly. Will there be the Robert, her audio? Will we get to hear it? And so on Friday we do, it gets released to Axios, Alex Thompson, who just of course co-wrote that book with Jake Tapper, where they alleged that not not just alleged, but finally admit that Joe Biden's mind wasn't working while he was president of the United States.


And the ensuing audio come, comes to us, and here it is, cut one audio of Biden's struggling to answer even basic questions about his theft of classified documents. Listen, Where did you keep papers that related to those things that you were actively working related to those things that you were actively working on? Well, I-I-I-I-I-I, I don't know. This is what, 20 17, 18? That area? Yes, sir.


Remember in this timeframe, my son is either been deployed or is dying. And, and so it was, He's all over the place. What was happening though month about died? God amazed. 30th 15, was it 2015? He had died 2015. I think it was 2015. Remember, Joe is bringing up Bo in his death. Robert Heard did not do that. President. And what's happened in the meantime is that as, and Trump gets elected in November of 20 17, 20 16.


2016. Alright, He's completely lost, completely lost. Now there there's two things. There's two big takeaways from that audio. One, Joe Biden's brain does not work. And it is crystal clear at the time of that conversation and well before that, that he's in no position to be president of the United States. Two Miranda Divine's been focused on this, the great Miranda Divine in the full audio, including the audio you just heard. Remember, although his brain is going, he's also attempting to summon the kind of deception necessary to justify why he stole huge categories of classified information.


And we're keeping them in Delaware, in the garage next to the Corvette at the Biden Center, all over the place, keeping classified information. He had no right to have stolen from the federal government. So here he is trying to both obfuscate and having a limited capacity to do it. Now remember when Robert Hur released his report, he said, Biden is a sympathetic old man with a poor memory. And so therefore I can't prosecute him. You know, no trial, no jury's gonna find him guilty because he's such a sad sack. That was basically the summary from Robert Hur. And now the audio comes out and I'm seeing a bunch of lefties finally admitting or claiming what Robert Hur claims.


Look, I still think Robert Hur rigged the whole thing because the guy clearly violated the law. It's not, just because you're a sympathetic elderly man with a poor memory, doesn't mean the facts can't be dictated against you, which of course they could. In Biden's case, we had the photographic evidence. Of course, they didn't spread the classified documents across the hood of the car. That's the way they would've done it with Trump, of course. And, and Trump was in a very different situation, did not steal classified documents. Not like Biden, but that's what we had going into the weekend. And then Sunday, all of a sudden, just ahead of Monday's news cycle, Biden World releases information saying that Joe Biden has aggressive cancer.


Suddenly last night, former president Joe Biden just received a diagnosis of prostate cancer. On Friday, according to a Sunday announcement by his personal office last week, president Joe Biden was seen for a new finding of a prostate nodule after experiencing increasing urinary symptoms on Friday, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer, characterized by a Gleason score of nine grade, group five with metastasis to the bone. The statement reads, while this represents a more aggressive form of the disease, the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management. The president and his family are reviewing treatment options with his physicians.


So, wait a second, he's got stage four prostate cancer. He's got, he's is metastasized to his bones. What just happened? All of a sudden? Just like that now, doctors are not buying it. Not doctors are not buying it. There was a doctor who was just on News Nation last night, he's a urologist. Cut four, take a look at this. Who says that None of this adds up. Biden was seen by a doctor all the time. He was the president of the United States. He has an entire medical team that hovers over him. Take a look at this. Cut. Four. It's Very unlikely that someone could get annual checkups and not notice a PSA elevation over the past, You know?


But this is what I typically would see in a VA hospital where a patient hasn't had medical intention in 10 years, presents to an emergency room with bone pain, and then they find that it's metastatic prostate cancer. But in the modern age of medicine, especially the fact that he was a former president, he had intensive state-of-the-art, You know, care where we can see prostate cancer, You know, 10 years in the past. So this is, I mean, it's, it's very unusual to hear that someone has prostate cancer where they're annually being followed up.


And the fact that we just find it at a Gleason nine is just pretty much unheard of in this day and age of medicine. It's unheard of. It's unheard of. Normal people spot this with normal medical attention. President Biden had unusual medical attention. One quick note on this. PSA reading to examine whether or not he's got problems with his prostate. Every other president this century has had his prostate examined. And PSA levels read out to the public to let You know the status of their prostate health. That's normal for an older man to have that examination done, given that is one of the leading illnesses that older men come down with.


And Joe Biden's doctor never revealed any of that. Joe Biden's Doctor Act actually never appeared in front of the press. They would just release glowing reports each year about how wonderfully he was doing. And they didn't disclose any of this. So a couple of really big questions right out the gate and then we'll, and we bring our guest in on this subject and more. One, where are the visitor logs for Delaware? The president was going to Delaware every weekend. What was he doing there? Two. Where is Kevin O'Connor? President Biden's Doctor President Biden's doctor was not merely his doctor. He was also a personal business partner of the Biden family.


He had negotiated at one point going into deeper business with Jim Biden. What lies are being told here? Here's another. Does the Trump White House have access to medical records for the past president of the United States? That it can, within the confines of the law disclosed to the public about what they knew? None of this was disclosed all of a sudden, now it's coming out. Nobody can believe that. Doctors can't believe that doc doctors are are stunned. Oncologists urologists are stunned by this news. It grew so quickly that aggressively it doesn't add up. There's a lot to unpack here, but I think the, the contours of the scandal involving Joe Biden are, are just now coming into full relief more in a moment as we bring in Mike McCormick.


Will will do that here in just a moment.


I first want to thank our sponsors. Did You know that Fast-Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They've got all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. You can order online, get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. Their Alive and Thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape this spring. They've got the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals. Do what I did. Go with fast-growing trees. It'll make your yard beautiful. And listeners to this show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code VINCE at checkout now is absolutely the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid. Now for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


Please do. It's a great place and a great drink is Blackout Coffee. I drink blackout coffee every single day. I love my blackout Coffee. Blackout Coffee is a great sponsor of this program. John is a great American patriot. He supports you, he supports me. He supports this program and for that we're so grateful and he supports our country. Most importantly, he built blackout coffee from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. It's America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And if that's you, You know who you are. As You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. So you do know that this is a brand that stands for the right values. And here's the key. It's delicious, delicious coffee. I drink it black so I know Blackout Coffee. Here's the deal for you. John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. So whether you like Whole Bean ground or even instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE and get 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee.


Alright. Alright, so we get the, we get the, the information about Biden, a couple things. You get the Robert, her conversation finally is released because, You know, the Trump administration's transparent. So they'll release it, they did on Friday. And then we get this news that Biden has cancer, which certainly seems like a big distraction effort to make him seem more sympathetic right now in the midst of all of the lies we were told about his health. But honestly, at the moment, it just looks like we're we're being exposed to more exposed to more lies about his health. Let's dive in a little deeper with my guest, Mike McCormick, who joins us in house. Now, Mike was a stenographer for Joe Biden when he was vice president of the United States.


Mike, you traveled the world with Joe, so you got to see him up close and personal. And you've got your great substack. The Substack remind us Midnight in the laptop of good And evil. Midnight in the laptop of Good and Evil. So you kind of know where Mike's coming from. You can tell by the title. Good to see you, Mike. Goodness. Good To see you, VINCE. Good to have you, man. Yeah, thanks for having me. What do you make of this news that Biden is suddenly revealing that he has cancer? You know, I, I worked with Doc O'Connor when I worked for Joe Biden. I traveled with him. Yeah. Don't have a lot of confidence in his truth telling Why? Well, first of all, they hid what Joe Biden was. Yes. As he was getting ready to be president in 2020. Doc O'Connor was his doc all through the White House years.


So, You know, I, I was on Fox News in September of 2020 saying, Joe Biden doesn't have the physical capacity to be the president. He doesn't have the mental capacity. He's slowing down. You Could see that, I Can see that dad as a stenographer, as a layman. Somebody was close to him. You're just looking at like, wait a minute, this guy does not have what it takes. Right. So then they put together this fake pandemic. They hit him in the basement. They put together a fake election. They stole the election. In my opinion, I've written books on it. You know that. Yeah. And so then he gets into the presidency and they, so here's, here's something that I know from Right. As soon as he got into the White House, every president gets a chance to get in front of the, the Super Bowl audience to do a Super Bowl interview.


Yeah. So in 27, 20 21, Joe Biden's fresh into the White House. He gets on CBS, do an interview with no O'Donnell. She promotes it. We're gonna do a 20 minute interview with Joe Biden. It was only 12 minutes long. So they already had to cover for him. That's cbs Yes. Covering for him. So they knew the media, knew the White House doctors knew. I personally think, You know, my personally for my, my stance on where Joe Biden is with his health, I hope for the best possible outcome for him, of course I think he should recover and then confess his crimes.


Amen. So my, like I've seen, I've seen a lot of the social media reaction right away. People are like, oh, give him some time. Don't criticize him. Let him, let, let the family deal with this. David Axelrod was on television yesterday immediately saying that what needs to happen here is all of the concern about his mental state needs to be muted right now while people are concerned about his health. And I'm just saying that's garbage. Look, what you said is right. Just it obviously you don't wanna see anybody suffer. It doesn't matter they're stationed in life. But I'm telling you, if every other detail about this guy's life has been a lie, which of course it has been. Right. Why wouldn't we assume that there's a lot of dishonesty that has led up to the announcement we heard yesterday.


That's right. And so I went back and I looked at the transcript of the interview. Her interview. Yeah. I didn't listen to the audio. I, I looked at the transcript 'cause I'm a transcript guy. Right. Did that for Joe. So the transcript had some really interesting revelations to me that Joe Biden to me right now, this story that OT is promoting this, this health, we'll call it a health scare, is a cover story for the cover story. Yes. Right. Yeah. The, her interview was a cover story. I mean, he starts the interview off and he says, I'm just here to write a report. So he's a special counsel. That's all a special counsel does.


They just write a report and turn it over to Merrick Garland who makes a decision whether or not to prosecute anything they see in there. Wait, he, Her said at the beginning of the transcript that he was just there to write a report. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. Yeah. So, so he told Joe upfront that there will be no prosecutions that come from this? No. He goes, we're here to write a report. That's his sort of opening introductory statement. Yes. We're interviewing you, he you here to write a report. But Hers said in his report that the reason that he wasn't recommending charges is because Joe Biden demonstrated in that interview that he was an elderly sympathetic man with a poor memory. Right. So what you're describing, I'm just, I just wanna notate for a moment, what you're describing is that her as being duplicitous 'cause her walks into the room and says, we're just writing a report, instantly giving away the game, and then would later use the conversation as a quote, justification not to charge him.


Right. Okay. Yeah, that's what I read. That's what I read in the transcript. Okay. Yeah. So keep an on with the transcript transcripts. When you do an interview for transcript, usually there's about one minute of speaking at normal pace to one, to a page of transcription. Yes. Joe Biden was speaking at a normal pace. He wasn't wandering, he wasn't lost. It pretty much tracked with what, how he spoke. And he's, and from reading the transcript, I could see things in there where he was asked a question and he would come right back with a direct answer. Yeah. Like he wasn't fumbling for words. The little portion that you played, that audio portion to me was, it was kind of like one of those mafia Dons who all of a sudden pretends when he's in court that he can't, he's like fumbling and he is old.


Right. And he can't really be trying to get the jury to be sympathetic. That's what I took that as. Yes. And they cut that pers little piece out to make that audio. So what everybody Heard, this gets to what I was saying about Miranda Divine a moment ago. He was leaning into the frailty routine in order to evade the obvious thing, which is he stole classified information. Yeah. And there's more in there. So one of the things that they asked him that was really interesting to me was they asked him about there's this classification you have on all these files. Four, four eyes only. Right. It's eyes only. That's not something that they needed to find out about. That's not, it doesn't, it doesn't relate directly to their crime.


They were investigating, they were investigating whether it was, he had comp, he had cho secret clearance files or classified files, but they had a whole bunch of files that were eyes only. So they asked him, what's this mean? And he goes, oh, those are the files that I have from my group that we discuss amongst ourselves to keep away from Biden and his group. That would be ax rod. That's why Ax Rod is coming out and saying this stuff. So in other words, Joe Biden and his group, his inner circle were doing stuff within the White House eyes only. They didn't want Obama Oh. To keep from Obama. Okay. To keep from Obama and his guys. Yeah. Because they had stuff they had to do.


Yeah. But there's also, okay. I mean there is no, there's not supposed to be any such cla category of classification that the president's not allowed to see it. Right. But it's in his files and they're all of a sudden looking at his files and there's this eyes only, what is this stuff? Why has he got eyes only? And it was a really interesting comment from him. And he's like, yeah, that's just us talking amongst ourselves because we have stuff that we talk amongst ourselves that we have to argue against Joe Biden. I mean, argue against Obama. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So in terms of like the Biden that you got to see, are you surprised at all by this news, the way it rolled out this weekend? No. No. I mean, I mean this is, this is Hallmark Biden world.


The sympathetic stuff. Yeah. Playing for the sympathies. I mean, that's what was in that clip, right? Yeah. He gets, he gets pushed a little bit and, and I think they were asking him about the Biden Penn Center. Yep. They were specifically asking about that. So then he goes into this, oh yeah. Bo and I, and he gets into this sort of sympathy mode. That's what his operation's been all along. So going back 50 years, One, we, we saw Joe Biden pushed out in front of a couple of interviews a week or two ago where he does the view he, first he did the BBC interview and then he did the view. And the reason that he's doing these interviews appears to be that they're trying to salvage the Biden family's reputation because the income has dried up.


Mark Halperin was saying that all of their income sources are collapsing because he doesn't have the levers of power anymore. Nobody's buying the macaroni art from Hunter Biden. Right. So they need to figure out a way out of this. So If you use that as a rubric for understanding everything that we're witnessing, it kind of makes sense right now that they're trying to get past the Biden's brain doesn't work saga by introducing the, oh, Biden has cancer. How dare you talk about his health in a, in a critical way. Right, Right. Saga. So that, that's where we are. So there was a couple other things that came through this transcript that I read. One was, he went into very deep, great detail about a case that he worked on when he was first a lawyer back in Wilmington in the early sixties, like 66 or 67, something like that.


He was elected to the Senate in 1972. So it was around 68 maybe. Yeah. He was a lawyer and he talked about this in like, am amazing detail. And the thing is, all through the, the interview he has, they ask him, what about these files? I don't know about that. My staff knows about that. Did you have anything to do with this? No, I didn't have anything of this. Staff just did it. So he always put everything on his staff. But this, this chunk of information comes from time before he ever had staff. And he nailed it. I mean the, the details that he had on the in. So this, basically the story is he was a lawyer for a company that was defending DuPont in an industrial accident.


The guy who was injured got so badly injured, Joe Biden felt guilty, walked across the street and became public defender. And that's when his cha his whole life shifted into this do Good guy. Well, he goes into the details of this industrial accident. And I was reading going like, 'cause he's spoken about this in the past that I've heard in speeches. Yes. And I was like, this guy is digging up details from his past. Yes. With no problem. Wait, is this the industrial accident where the guy accidentally burned his junk off? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That, that does appear in the transcript. I remember that. Right. That was one of the, the, the wilder moments. Yeah. And what, and also again, what does this have to do with whether or not you stole classified documents.


Right. Biden is telling stories about a dude who burned his junk off as a way to filibuster Exactly. And charm the investigators. I was a good guy. Yeah. I was really helping. So that, that's typical Biden. The other thing he gets into was there was a photo of, I think there was a photo they were looking at of him with a bow and arrow. And he talks about this trip he took to Mongolia. And I was on that trip with him. And I remember the trip. Well, he started going into details about the trip that I, it jogged my memory. So he really had a control of the facts, both from long ago and from his vice presidency as he's sitting down, the interviews took place on October 8th and ninth.


2023. Yeah. So at that point, he thinks he's gonna be president in a year. Right. He thinks I just gotta get through this interview. I just gotta flush, flush my way through it and I'll get Well, And also the only way, the only reason the Biden administration even entertained this was because they were doing a box checking exercise to pretend like they were more responsible than Trump. Right. The whole reason they did the Robert Hearth thing was to try and use it as a weapon against Trump. Look at me. Look how responsible I am. Right. I'm working with the special counsel. Any problems that we might have we're resolving. It was meant to be a theatrical stunt. And in the end it blew up in his face.


Right. So there was one more really significant thing that I saw in this transcript. He talks about this big letter that he wrote to Obama on Thanksgiving night, 2009. He sits down and hands writes, hand writes this letter. And there was some usage of classified documents as he is compiling this letter. Well, one of the things that he wrote in the letter, and they asked him, and he said this, they didn't ask him for, to talk about the classified stuff that he had in the letter. He exposed the classified stuff they had in the letter. He said, yeah, I was writing to Obama because I was the foreign policy expert and Obama was new and he needed me to sort of back him up.


He said, we were talking about Afghanistan and I asked, I I told him we have to ask questions about what do we do when we kill Osama bin Laden in Pakistan and what do we do when the Taliban takes over and how are we gonna continue to train? He was talking about McChrystal 'cause he was over there with General Stanley McChrystal. Yeah. This is 2009 that he's writing this. They didn't know officially that Oba, Osama Bin Laden was in Pakistan. They officially didn't know. But in this thing he writes, Osama Bin Laden, what do we do when we kill Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan?


They, it wasn't Iran. He didn't use Iran. He specifically used Pakistan. And it jumped out at me because in 2005 I went to Pakistan with Cheney and we took a Hilo trip right over Ababa. Yes. Where Osama Bin Laden where lived Was killed. Yes. And so I think what happened was the US had Osama Bin Laden on ice stashed in ab BadBad and, and Cheney and, and Bush had set it up with the Pakistanis and then Biden took it over. I have some documents that I can show you that that's Crazy. I mean, the reality of course for that war is that the United States was funding both sides of it.


Right. We were sending money through Pakistan and then it went to Al-Qaeda And it was being used against Americans. Right. It's, it is disgraceful. Right. What, what took place there? So here's, this is a couple, this is why it jumped out at me. So I did this trip with him. This is a, one of the pieces from the, from the press thing. So that's the Hilo tour that we took with Cheney. And we fly from an airport, Chala airport up into this area where the U-S-A-I-D is funding earthquake relief. Well, along the way is ab about Ababa? It's right about, yeah. There.


Yeah, you can, you can see it. So he flew right over the top of a bot bot Dick Cheney and press the press on the trip was a BC Terry Moran who just got manhandled by Trump in the White House. Yeah. The AP Fox News. James Rosen was on the trip and Dana Bash was on the trip with CNN. Yes. In this transcript that Biden's talking about. So this is 2009. He's writing this letter. And in 2023 he's telling them about this transcript. He talks about Panetta. Leon Panetta was the guy who had to sort of, he's conversing, he's going back and forth with Panetta.


At this time, Panetta was in charge of CIA Panda's chief of staff was Dana B's ex-husband. Yes. Jeremy. Jeremy Bash. Yes. So in 2005, when Dana Bash is on this trip, she's flying over a BadBad, she lands in this area and she goes an interview with Cheney and she goes, we hear that Osama Bin Laden is in other parts of Afghanistan. Do You know where he is? And Cheney goes, Dana, I can't answer a question. And this isn't a White House transcript that I did. Yeah. That was on that trip. And he goes, Dana, I can't answer your question. And she goes, do you, do You know where he is?


He's like, no, I can't answer your question. It's an I can either confirm nor deny. Right. But at the time, her husband, who then becomes Chief of staff of the ccia Yes. I, I think gave her information. You're gonna go to Ab BadBad and this is why you're going there, because they have, but Osama have been LA on Ice. I've looked into CIA websites Man. This is huge. Yeah. CIA websites. Yeah. And they have, I've taken screenshots. I put it on my, on my Substack screenshots of CIA surveillance photos of Abbo Bot from 2004 and 2005.


So this trip is December, 2005. Can you imagine? So they knew the whole Time, the idea that yeah, that the guy we've been hunting and that all those lives were lost, You know, would be known by the United States to be there for that long. That another one, another epic scandal. If that's, if that's all true, another epic scandal that Joe Biden was directly involved in. Right. You're keeping updates on all that, on that story. And more on your excellent Substack again, midnight. Midnight the Laptop, midnight in the laptop of Good and Evil, Midnight in the laptop of Good and Evil, Michael McCormick. Hey, thanks for, thanks for stopping by today. Yes. Thanks for Having me. Really good to see you here. The great Mike McCormick. Great, great guest. And just imagine, You know, getting a, being a guy like Mike and working all those years alongside Joe Biden, getting to see him front and center and then transcribing is everywhere.


Every time I see Mike, I joke about that. I can't even believe you had to write down every syllable that came outta that guy's mouth. Remarkable. Hey, before we go today, I want to make sure to hit some of the other big things that are happening in the news. Some of the craziness that's out there. Tim Walls, remember him tampon, Tim Walls. He is, instead of supporting American law enforcement, the left is attacking ice agents. Again. Here's Tim Walls calling immigration and, and customs enforcement agents who are making these deportations around the country. The, in his words, the GE Cappo, like a look cut. 13, here's Tim Donald Trump's Modern dego Capo. Decapo is scooping folks up off the streets. They're in unmarked vans, wearing masks being shipped off to foreign torture dungeons, no chance to mount a defense, not even a chance to kiss a loved one.


Goodbye. Just grabbed up by masked agents, shoved into those vans and disappeared. To be clear, there's no way for us to know whether they were actually criminals or not, because they refuse to give them a trial. That's disgraceful, that's disgraceful. That's a commencement speech that he was for some reason asked to give. And he goes and he attacks. Law enforcement stands up for illegal alien rapists or murders and attacks. Law enforcement calls them the, he meant to say Gestapo, but he called them the Gestapo. That guy's a scumbag.


Thank God that he never became vice President of the United States. What a weirdo that dude is. And so there's Tim Waltz Stan. And so there was a reaction to this. The Department of Home has security posted a statement in reaction to Tim Wallace's stupidity this weekend saying, quote, it is absolutely sickening to compare ice law enforcement agents to the Gestapo attacks and demonization of ice. And our partners is wrong. ICE officers are now facing a 413% increase in assaults. Our message is clear. Do not come to this country illegally. If you do, we will arrest you, deport you, and you will never return. I wanna emphasize something, first of all, for the ICE agents and the families of the ICE agents, thank you.


Thank you for doing your job. Thank you for being out there for us. Thank you for securing our country. Thank you for protecting our sovereignty in our communities. Thank you. These ice officers were handcuffed during the Biden era. They weren't allowed to do their jobs. The left, actively worked against them, both within the administration and in these sanctuary cities and states across the country. Now thanks to the president, they're once again able to do that job. And it's a dangerous one for DHS to relay that these ICE officers are now facing a 413% increase in assaults. Not a small thing the left like they've done with President Trump and the people who work for him directly.


They're now doing it to ICE agents as well. And they, they have been for years, the left has a special animosity for immigration enforcement. They've put a target on the backs of ICE officers. They've treated them like garbage. Left an impression in the eyes of the, the crazy left wing base that ice officers are deserving of contempt, scorn, and attack. And so now you've seen a 413% increase in attacks on ice officers. So all the more reason I say thank you, thank you to the guys who are actually trying to protect our country right now and, and getting around the country to deport these vile people from our, from, they shouldn't be here. They shouldn't be here. And they deserve our support, not our, not our contempt.


What you heard from tampon Tim Walls a moment ago. Also, speaking of immigration, Hillary Clinton also was on a stage this past weekend and she was mocking the idea that Americans need to have more children. She said that this is why we have immigrants, take a look, cut 14, Hillary Clinton, Those children in our country, immigrant attacking Americans, again, immigrants, and they wanna deport them. So none of this adds up. But You know, one of the reasons why our economy did so much better than comparable advanced economies across the world is because we actually had a replenishment, because we had a lot of immigrants legally and undocumented. She's disgusting, who had a, You know, larger than normal by American standards family.


So this is just another one of their, You know, make America great again by returning to the lifestyles and the economic arrangements of not just the 1950s. I mean, let's keep going back as far as we can and, You know, see what happens. What an elitist witch she is. So her preferred society is one where she cramps all over Americans. She just sees everyone as someone who works for her. In the end, she doesn't care that you have illegal aliens who are being exploited for ungodly low wages at the expense of both them and American workers.


She's perfectly happy with the status quo of that system. Perfectly happy. And there she is defending it. You know, who sucks Americans? They don't even make babies. We need to bring in people both. You heard her say legally and undocumented. Well, what's the opposite of legally? It's not undocumented. The opposite of undocumented will be documented. So what are you even talking about? She said, legally and undocumented, no, legally and illegally coming into the United States, and not only this is, this is classic lefty nonsense. Not only is she saying that it's totally fine that illegals are coming into the country now, she's admitting that. She's saying it's better. Why is it better? They're better than Americans.


They have children. We get workers out of them. At least they're giving us something. Unlike those horrible Americans, my God, I am so grateful that she lost and that it was President Trump who beat her. Alright, I've got a lot more to say. I'm gonna say a lot more of it today on the National Radio Show, 12 to three Eastern Time. You can watch that on rumble.com/ VINCE, or go to the VINCE show.com. We've got our, your local listings for your radio stations up there. I'll be back with you tomorrow on this show, VINCE. I hope you have a great day.