
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Listen, I don't want anyone to get too excited about the release of the J-F-K-R-F-K-M-L-K files because there's going to be a significant declassification significant effort to obstruct the declassification, engage in significant redactions. I mean, I can declassify a document too and if middlemen get in the way and put a bunch of black dots over everything, we're not gonna learn much. So I think President Trump is committed to getting the information out there. I'm gonna go into this in a little bit, but I don't think there's any question. There was some significant CIA involvement.


The question is, what was that involvement? Was that involvement some monitoring that they may have missed on Oswald? I'm just gonna tell you something, we're coming out hot today by the way. I mean obviously it's like almost like a cold open in my time in the Secret Service Training Academy as a student and an instructor, I'm just telling you what we were told. I'm not telling you it's real or not, so don't jump down my throat. I'm just telling you it was passed to us. What was always passed to us is it was Oswald and Oswald alone. Again, don't jump down my throat. It's not my specific opinion, I'm just telling you that's what was always told to us. So could they be hiding it from us too? Of course.


I got a big show today. Obviously you hearing my voice, the inauguration funk caught everyone. Me, Michael Avita, poor Andrew Klavin at the Daily Wire took a sick day. I feel okay. I don't want you to worry about me. I never do a show if I don't, I don't want you feeling bad for me during the show. I feel fine. I just got a little congested from the inauguration. I think I'm standing in that cold weather shaking a million hands. It's just like a recipe for the the transmission of pathogens to other people.


Big show today folks. You ready to jumpstart your wellness in 2025? Lumen can help. L-U-M-E-N Lumen is one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. I use it. It's a device that can help measure your metabolism through your breath. I'm a life hacks guy has an app. It lets you know If you're burning fat or carbs. Provides tailored guidance to help improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. All you have to do is breathe in the lumen first thing in the morning. It's really simple. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fats or carbs. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day based on your measurements. You can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to assess what's going on in your body in real time. Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your wellness game. Take the next step to improve your health. Go to lumen.me/bonino to get 20 20% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/bonino for 20% off your purchase lumen.me/bonino. These statements are products have not been evaluated by the FDA, they're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Thank you Lumin.


Right fellas, knock that bell out kids. So folks, before we get to the JFK stuff, which is extensive JFK, and, and again I have a kind of a, obviously a personal attachment to this given my prior line of work and my concern with the the Secret Service, I just want you to remember the Secret Service is not an intelligence gathering entity for obvious reasons. If you're gathering intelligence on your protectees, they're not gonna wanna be protected. So the fact that they may have told us something in training, oh it was just Oswald, doesn't mean that's necessarily the case. We have nothing to do with the Intel community and these are all compartmentalized programs. Anyway, so I'm just throwing that out there because I get this email all the time. Weren't you an instructor in the academy?


They must have told you what happened. No they didn't. I'd have the biggest story in the world. What motivation could I possibly have for not passing on to you the biggest story, you know, in modern American history? If there, if I had evidence, it'd be crazy. That's why I don't get into like these conspiracy theory stuff because If you have, you know, If you have a theory on something, throw it out there but back it up with evidence. I want to get to this first Trump yesterday FA folks, the winning is just piling up. I mean, Donald Trump is going for it right now. Donald Trump is, you know, one of the points I would I made in the primary when I endorsed Donald Trump early, a lot of people said, I'm gonna go with another guy or woman, Nikki Haley or Ron DeSantis.


I like DeSantis. I'm not too crazy about Nikki Haley. And they said, 'cause Donald Trump is gonna be a lame duck. I said, you are missing this whole thing. The whole point about a Donald Trump's second term, number one, he's not really a lame duck. Yeah, he can't run again. But you have JD Vance, you have the Trump kids who would consider one running Laura Trump. His political dynasty is not over. So he's not technic technically he's a lame duck, but de facto he's not a lame duck, right? Second, the fact that he doesn't have to worry about reelection, I told you was a positive 'cause he's gonna go in there like a freaking wrecking ball and that's exactly what happened. Did you see this video yesterday? Donald Trump in front of all of these WEF Davos elite like fo gra eating, you know the the the, the elite bow tie wearing crowd.


Did you see Donald Trump just tear up the Bank of America's CEO right in front of his face? Folks, this made this an international story and now people are paying attention to the censoring that happened and the deep banking. That's the power of the pulpit. Check this out. I hope you start opening your bank to conservatives because many conservatives complain that the banks are not allowing them to do business within the bank and that included a place called Bank of America, this conservative, they don't take conservative business and I don't know if the regulators mandated that because of Biden or what, but you and Jamie and everybody, I hope you're gonna open your banks to conservatives because what you're doing is wrong Folks. You understand why this is important?


The de banking by a number of banks is a very real phenomenon. We all know happened. Don't bullshit us, okay? Everybody knows it happened. When you win the presidency, you have the biggest bully pulpit in the world. Whatever Donald Trump says is news, he's the president. Whatever he said before was news, but not to this extent. You've got bank regulators now who are unquestionably on watch like did this really happen where people cancel for political reasons, which a lot of people suspect happened. This is the power of the bully pulpit. This is why there is no substitute for winning. Anyone telling you, oh my gosh, you know we're gonna lose this, but it'll build political momentum for next time. Bullshit. There is no substitute for winning. The bully pulpit matters.


This has now become, If you go on social media, a huge topic of discussion, the de banking efforts by a lot of these, what I believe were liberal banking institutions that effed over conservatives. A couple people in the chat said it was glorious. Yeah it was. Tell it like it is. You're damn right it was awesome. This is the benefit of having a quote lame duck president. He doesn't have anything to lose and the most dangerous people in the world are people with nothing to lose. Here's Trump yesterday. Again, same speech, just fileting these global collectivists green New Deal watermelon policies. Watermelon, yeah, green on the outside com, red on the inside. Everybody knows this is a scam. Everybody knows this is a proxy for communism.


That's where the watermelon comes from. Green on the outside, red on the inside. Everybody knows it. Here he has taken it to the green new scam. Check this out. I terminated the ridiculous and incredibly wasteful green New deal. I call it the green new scam. Withdrew from the one-sided Paris Climate Accord and ended the insane and costly electric vehicle mandate. We're gonna let people buy the car they wanna buy. I declared a national E energy emergency and it's so important national energy emergency to unlock the liquid gold under our feet and paved the way for rapid approvals of new energy infrastructure.


The United States has the largest amount of oil and gas of any country on earth and we're going to use it. Not only will this reduce the cost of virtually all goods and services, it'll make the United States a manufacturing superpower and the world capital of artificial intelligence and crypto. Now the World Economic Forum, collectivists lost their shit over this. They lost it because they folks, their term for all this, their buzz term is collective action. Collective action is a proxy term for globalists. What they mean is individual countries shouldn't act in their own best interest. They should act in the best interest of the globe collectivist action.


Of course that's ridiculous because different countries have different governing systems. Some of 'em are totalitarian authoritarian. The the United States needs to take care of the United States first, but because the United States is the richest country in the world, because of our system of a constitutional Republican or entrepreneurial free market system, the collectivists around the world hate us. So they want this leveling equity bullshit where they take all that. They basically take the spoils of our hard work. It happens that not just at the individual level where people want to tax, you know, the so-called rich to pay people who don't work. It happens around the globe too. That's what they mean by collectivist collective action. I want you to watch this WEF elite here losing or shit over this.


They were in full panic mode and I want you to listen at the end where she says, Hey, the best thing we can do is ignore this stuff. You gonna ignore the United States. Are you sure? Be careful what you ask for. You may get it 'cause you're collectivist institutions, whether it's NATO or other institutions for security or energy cooperation. Rely on us, not you. Check this out. One way to look at the Trump administration and what to expect from them in the future is that it is a abrupt reversal of the Biden administration. I think my biggest concern would be a move away from global collective action on pressing problems like climate and security and public health.


To name a few. There seems to be a rejection of cop already moving out of the Paris Agreement, emphasis on carbon based fuel production and the canceling of the green. You know, so I think this is quite harmful to prospects of international cooperation and my hope would be that the rest of the world would ignore this rather than learn from it. But if people view the Trumpian moment as something to learn from, then I think we're in big trouble for the world economy. If they view the Trumpian moment as something to learn from the world economy is in trouble. It doesn't matter how many people vote for a different new way forward, the collectivists around the world are telling their people, Hey basically ignore this guy.


The old way is the way. Don't let it happen. We gotta keep the squeeze on these people folks and expose them these great reset crowd people who want this collectivist action bullshit. We're gonna expose 'em at every opportunity. So let me get back to what I was talking about in the beginning of the show. The J-F-K-R-F-K-M-L-K files. Here's a video of Donald Trump saying he's gonna release these. I wanna discuss a very specific problem with it though because Tulsi Gabbard at the OD and i director of National Intelligence has not been confirmed yet. So we have a problem. If you listen to some of the Mike Bens, you know Mike Ben's our deep state specialist. If you listen to some of his audio on his ex feed, he was doing a bunch of interviews and he was saying that the person in charge right now at the OD and I, the acting is basically a DEI person who is a holdover from the prior administration.


So if she's responsible for the declassification, Ladies and gentlemen, good luck on what you're gonna get. I'll tell you what I heard. I'll tell you what I think they're hiding and I'll tell you why it matters. Most importantly, it's a very sensitive topic for me. Check this out. Lastly, sir, we have an executive order ordering the declassification of files relating to the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy and the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. That's a big one, huh? A lot of people are waiting for this for long, for years, for decades.


And everything will be revealed Now everything will be revealed. I sincerely hope that that happens folks. The issue we're gonna have is the person in charge now before we get tulsi in there is definitely a Biden holdover who has an interest like some deep state people, one of 'em being Mike Pompeo. I thought he was one of us. He's not one of us in keeping these things secret. Here's the question I I believe the big question about the declassification, specifically of J-F-K-R-F-K and MLK, was the government involved in using these people for specific propaganda efforts and manipulating them through CIA folks or other intelligence people?


Like I said, when we were in training we were told it was just Oswald. Not that I necessarily believe that, but I want you to listen to Pompeo. This is an excellent interview. Pompeo, who has zero interest in getting this stuff out there. He was the director of the CIA sex state, right? Here he is with John Stossel who's a libertarian and staal's like, hey man, this is 60 years ago. Like are we gonna release this information or what? I want you to listen to his words very specifically because he says there are still some issues outstanding even though it's 60 years ago that could impact us. Right now I think he's talking about some sensitive CIA programs that may involve some pretty significant information.


However we need to see it. It's been 60 years. This is how conspiracy theories flower when the government hides information, check this out. Why'd You fight to keep the JFK files secret? 'cause I was trying to keep Americans safe. And by the way, don't paint with too broad a brush. 99.6% of the JFK files are public today, but It was 60 years ago, John. Not everything was 60 years ago and I, I don't wanna spend a lot of time walking through this, but suffice it to say the definition of a document covered by the statute that you're referring to. It's a little bit wonky, but suffice it to say if Congress holds a hearing tomorrow on the Kennedy assassination, the documents generated tomorrow will be part of those vials.


Those would be tomorrow. They'd be 60 seconds old, not 60 years old. And last thing I'll say is there are things that happened 60 years ago that are still important to keep in the vault. There are lots of things that happened that long ago that still are appropriate not to release. That to me confirms it that there is some deeper level of CIA involvement here that the United States government is unwilling to tell us. Is it the CIA's role in the assassination? The answer folks is, I don't know. My suspicion is probably not that the CIAI believe and we'll see when it comes out, and I'm playing in the BONGINO rule here, so I wanna just be candid with you.


I'm speculating, but listening to and having read a bunch of material on this because it fascinates me. My suspicion is that although the CIA may not have been involved in the actual trigger polling incident that the CIA may have known more than they're letting on and they don't wanna shock the conscience of the American public by releasing that all. 'cause it's gonna basically rewrite history. And Of course there's another theory out there. I saw a couple people on X saying, Hey, it's a big nothing burger. They're gonna release it and you're gonna find out nothing. Personally, I doubt that my experience with the government is that they don't dedicate an extreme amount of resources to keeping secret secret if they don't have something to hide.


I told you, I remember when I was an agent and I got sent over to Afghanistan and they brought me in and I was doing the lead advance and they made me sign an NDA. It was like we were in the skiff and it was all like deep six and stuff like, oh we'll go to Afghanistan. Obama's gonna land in a war zone. You know, make sure nobody knows, don't tell your wife you're going to Hawaii or something like that for a mission. And I get out in the parking lot, a guy calls me on the phone, he says, Hey, I heard you're doing the lead for Afghanistan. What I'm getting at is the government has a really hard time keeping secrets. Why have they exerted so much effort to keep this secret? There is something there that involves the ccia a clearly and I think it's what they knew and what they let happen rather than what they did. Tell me if I'm wrong, I could be.


I'm speculating. However, based on a good amount of research on the topic, we'll see what's up with that. Trump's executive orders yesterday and other actions though the winning continues folks. It was just a, it's been since Monday. Such a deluge of information. I gotta be straight with you man. It is really, this is like Jim put together the show last night and it's like, I'm not even gonna get to half this stuff because so much is happening so fast it's really hard to keep track. One of the things I've warned you about repeatedly, because it freaks me out, it cbdc, hold on, lemme get some coffee here. Central Bank digital currencies. Folks, If you want a totalitarian society, allowing the government central bank to create a digital currency is the way to do it.


It would be an absolute disaster. The government would basically have a digital trail of everywhere you spent, money, firearms store, you spending money online. What are you doing online? The government would know everything. They'll say they won't, but they will. They're definitely gonna track it. Also, one of the things about Central Bank digital currency that freaks me out is that the government can implement negative interest rates for the first time. I don't wanna get too in the weeds on it, but the gist of it is this, the way to monetize the debt is to implement negative interest rates. And what's a negative interest rate? It's exactly how it sounds. You put your money in the bank, you get a positive interest rate, right? You get a return. What if they were negative? Now you're probably saying in the chat, right Michael, you're probably, you a smart guy.


Well then there's an easy way out of that. You just take your freaking money out of the bank. If the bank's taking your money every day through negative interest rates, which is what they'd be doing, you take it out, you put two and two together. If you have a central bank digital currency and there's no paper, there ain't no way to take it out. You could devalue the currency dramatically through negative interest rates and surveil every single person. Unusual whales breaking President Trump. Again, folks, the winning is freaking ridiculous. There's so much winning this week. It's like hard to keep track of the freaking winning President Trump signs executive order to ban Central Bank digital currencies. I freaking love this guy. I love this guy. I want, can you guys, folks in the chat who doubted me, some of you doubted me.


It's okay. You know I love you guys, the Bonino army, but some of you doubted me during the primary and you said, listen, this guy's gonna be a lame duck. And I told you that's the greatest gift possible is a president who knows all the, where the bodies are buried from his first term and doesn't have to worry at all about reelection, especially a guy with the balls of Donald Trump. This stuff is all happening. It's almost like impossible to keep track of it all. This is, I'm not even done. We have this broken down into executive orders and other actions pardons yesterday for pro-lifers. We have Trump on interest rates. This is the only area I disagree with. I'm not here to be a sycophant to anyone.


I'm gonna explain why coming up in a second, I love the president. We're not gonna agree on everything. He's always been fair to me either way, but this is the only thing I disagree with him on. And again, in the chat, chime in. You think I'm wrong? Tell me I'm wrong. It's okay. I'd love to hear it. Quick break right back to the show. Lot going on folks.


If you have a dog that If you have a dog they smell bad or they're Richie, you're gonna wanna hear from our new sponsor. Co defense. It started as a human skincare company, but they became deeply troubled by all the toxic medications and topical treatments commonly used on dogs. I had to give Lucia a bath last night. She was a mess. She went outside, created total chaos last night. They created a non-toxic, quickly effective solution. The common skin and coat issues with dogs, remedies, the issues and helps prevent these troubles from returning. I use it on Lucy, they sent me a sample. I love it. Give your dog a happier, longer, healthy life if your dog's itchy and all the pills and shots aren't helping. Coke defense, Coke defense. Co defense works because many itchy dogs, they have an overgrowth of yeast on the skin and the folds paws are inside the ears. You've seen it, which could clear up in a day or two using co defense in their product. So order it today. We use it on Lucy, we love it. You can save 15% on your first order@codefense.com and be sure to enter code damn when you check out. That's code common spelling COAT code defense.com for 15% off enter code. Dan, support our sponsors. Folks, they're very good to us. We pick 'em wisely. Help give your dog relief and avoid those expensive vet visits. Coke defense.com. 15% off something better for your dog.


Okay, back to the show. It didn't end there. Donald Trump not only pardoned the people involved in J six, which was unquestionably a weaponization of government in the process. Here he is yesterday pardoning and was it 23 pro-lifers who were prosecuted using everything from the Face Act and every other thing. It's amazing. BLM and Antifa, you can burn down a freaking city. Nothing's happens to you. You get a $3 million donation from a major blue chip company, but you dare go in front of an abortion clinic. You're gonna find yourself in the clink. Check this out. A set of pardons for peaceful pro-life protesters who were prosecuted by the Biden administration for exercising their first amendment rights. Do you know how many? I believe it's 23 sir.


23 people were prosecuted. They should not have been prosecuted. Men of many of 'em are, are elderly people. They should not have been prosecuted. This is a great honor to sign this. You see it? I noticed this is catching some steam online. My rock him sock him. Robots. If you're wondering where the other guy is, he's gone. So he's gonna have to fight himself.


He threw 'em around. I think he broke. Folks, this is the way you do it. Rock him. Rock em. Sock him, keep punching. Sorry it was a little late. I feel good to, I ask Ian, Mike, I sound a little like low energy. I'm sorry I, I promise you I feel great. I don't mean to, I don't mean to sound away, it's just my voice is struggling a little bit from the inauguration. Fungus. Is that what that is? I'm wondering what this freaking new emoji is. 'cause I'm blind as a freaking bat. Is that rockham? So robots that yesterday, that thing was filtering through the live chat and I'm like, what the hell is it? I thought it was the fig. So that's Rockham.


So this is what he's doing. They're still hung up on. Did you see the Marjorie Taylor Greene video by the way, it's on my ex feet If you wanna see it. There's they ACOs, Marjorie Taylor Greene up in up in Congress about the J six thing. They're still upset about that. And what does he do? He pardons pro-lifers. He keeps hitting them and he's not letting them get their sea legs. This reminds me, you know, although I don't like Arnold Schwartzenegger at all. Obviously he was a fake Republican, but he ran for governor and this guy wins the primary on the Democrat side. I forget his name, but Schwartzenegger doc drops like a six, $7 million ad bomb on his head on day one and the guy can't keep up with it and never really got his sea legs back.


This is what's happening with the media now. They wanna ask about J six, but then they're upset about the pro-lifers and then they're upset about the JFK files and then they're upset about Trump exposing Bank of America. They don't know what to do. The rockham. So, and robots, I know we kind of eff around a lot, but it's not funny like I'm, I'm dead serious. This is a real strategy. Again, Bannon, a friend of the movement, calls it to flood his own strategy. I don't care what you call it. The minute they get upset about one thing, he picks another one. Here is the one thing you know because we, Donald Trump and I don't agree on everything and let just say in advance folks, and I'm not name dropping, so please, that's just lame and stupid and you sound like a freaking dork.


I know the president, okay, not well we've had dinner a couple times. He was kind enough to invite us to his club, but I haven't been with him a lot. So it's just like reverse name dropping. But the times I have spoken to him, one of the things I always found very kind of endearing about him is there's this rumor out there about President Trump. It's a media driven rumor Of course, that you either have to agree with him or he's gonna isolate you to the phantom zone and you're out of his inner circle. I'm telling you, that's total bullshit. I could bring my wife in here as a witness to our dinner in Bedminster when she was just us three and I talked to him about abortion. We disagree on abortion. It's okay.


It's okay. This is the one area. I do disagree with him a little bit. Donald Trump wants interest rates to come down folks. I think that's a real mistake. I, I believe me as an investor, significant investor in Rumble in the stock market, it would benefit me for interest rates to come down because it's easy money for companies. However, I really don't think it's good for the economy right now. We've gotta suck this inflation out. I'm not saying we need an interest rate hike, but I don't think we need interest rates to come down right now. We gotta dry up a little bit of the money supply. But listen to him. Here he is saying, Hey, I'm gonna squeeze these guys and we'll see what happens. Check this out, The interest rates will come down. You said that you would demand that the interest rates come down.


Well I would. Do you expect that? I would put in a strong statement. Do You expect the Fed to listen to you? Yeah, You know where this comes from. I've had a lot of conversations about this with him. He's a real estate guy and he's a business guy and obviously he's a business guy. I'll just ask you a simple question folks. You're a business guy. You have to take out a $10 million loan to build up a property you renovated. You wanna pay 5% interest on the loan or you wanna pay 10%. Okay, thanks 5% correct? That's where this comes from because he's a business guy. I don't fault him for it. I'm not mad at him. I just think it's a mistake. If we push interest rates down and inflation explodes, he's gonna have a far bigger problem to deal with because folks, as you've seen with inflation, ah, he's like, shut up.


Right? Do I have to shut up? Tell me to shut up. You're good. I mean, am I good? Okay folks, is this annoying? I know these economic segments, people hate them. If interest rates come down too much and money starts flooding through the economy again and inflation hits, ticks up to five, 7%, we're gonna have a lot big problems to deal with, okay? You don't wanna pay $72 for cat food. That's why the only area I disagree with, I think we should start. I think we should definitely chill on that. Okay, moving on. Here's another thing I would like Donald Trump to really get on right away. I know he's looking at it. I know his team is looking at it. They were all over this folks. The European Union is totally effing us over. They're effing us at the drive through Leo Getz style. They the drive through, they're screwing us over.


I've seen it with rumble. I don't know If you know this, but the European Union is pushing this misinformation and disinformation laws and that's why Rumble is not in a lot of foreign countries. We're not in France, we're not in Brazil because Chris from Rumble Pavlosky, who I admire greatly, Chris was told by foreign countries, Hey, you need to censor this stuff or we're gonna pull your sight down. You know what Chris said? Double barreled fu. We're pulling the site down in advance because Chris is a good guy. And thank you for Rand Paul for the shout out for Rumble saying that the whistleblower chia Marella, that the only place you were allowed to talk about that was rumble. And that's correct. Thank you Rand Paul for the shout out. Bottom line. We have to fight this right away because American tech companies are going to be destroyed true social rumble and others.


If this EU censoring continues, here's Mike. Bens on the depth of the problem. I know the Trump team's on this. They're gonna squeeze on it, but it's important we move quick. Check this out Right now as we speak. The National Endowment for Democracy is a signatory to the EU code of practice on disinformation. I'll say that again. Trump's Trump's probably most pernicious. CIA cutout being funded by the federal government as we speak, is still a proud signatory to a European law forcing US companies to censor whatever the EU says is disinformation.


That has to be ended immediately. There should be no US funded NGO, no third party group, no government blessing whatsoever. We need to be declaring war on the Digital Censorship Act, sorry, the Digital Services Act. Any anyone who is endorsing that cannot get a single dollar of of US government grant or contractual support. And we need to route this out. Root and stem. So the fact that Biden had government agencies and and pseudo government agencies work with the us, with the, with the EU government in order to kill US companies, that that dark age is over.


We're, we're here for the golden age. Now Folks, I want you to look this up. I'm not one to assign homework, okay? I'm not your school teacher. I'm not your preacher, your imam, your rabbi or anything. But if there was a homework assignment and you were interested of it, I strongly interested in it. I strongly encourage you over the weekend to look up the DSSA, the Digital Services Act. It is a big deal. It is a means for European Union countries to shut down tech companies that don't censor it is a huge deal and we need the Trump team and I know they're on it to battle this thing full force. By the way, thank you to everyone who leaves tips in the chat. I just wanna say in advance, totally unnecessary. I am not here for more of your money. We have sponsors that pay for the show to keep it free.


It's very generous of you. I see D and someone else $5, $2. I'm the one guy here not asking you for money. You don't have to tip here at all. Of course you don't have to. I appreciate it, but it's totally unnecessary. We're doing a okay Save your money. I deeply appreciate it. It means the world to me. But tip some other creators and stuff, save your money. We're doing fine. The sponsors are great to us. We have a great show and I want you to keep your money. Times are tough right now, thank you. But no need, no need to tip I I'm actually thinking about turning that feature off if I can, but I just feel bad. Sorry, got a little distracted.


Hey Moink, another one of these great sponsors. It said that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry reports say China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies using mob like tactics. The crush American Family Farms and with the additives they're putting in our food Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we do about this? A company I've been following for a long time. Moink, they're gonna take care of you. Family farms and your family's food security. Their business is simple. Moink's meat comes from animals raised outdoors where a pig is free to be a pig. Farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work. I spoke to the owner of the company. She's an amazing lady. They deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised, and harvested right here in the usa. Support American Family Farms and join the MOINK movement today. Pick up some great tasting meat at moink box.com/bongino now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free. Check 'em out. But for a limited time, spelled moink, M-O-I-N-K moink box.com/bongino, that's moinkbox.com/bongino. The meat is absolutely amazing.


And our last sponsor today, tax Network USA is your risk high that an IRS agent's about to show up at your home over unpaid taxes or unfiled returns or that the IRS may freeze your bank accounts. Listen, understanding your IRS risk levels help you decide how quickly you need to act. So take my advice and find out. Call the experts at Tax Network USA and share your situation. They'll advise if they believe your risk level is high, moderate, or low. It's a free service for my audience and it's a hundred percent confidential. If your risk is high and you wanna resolve your IRS problems tax network USA will take steps to help you do it. Nobody knows the IRS better. In fact, tax Network USA is a preferred direct line so they know which ages to deal with and which to avoid. They've resolved over 1 billion in tax debts. So whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their genius strategies are designed to quickly settle your tax problems. Discovering your current IRS risk level is free, fast and confidential. It's a smart first step in solving your tax problems. Call Tax Network USA at one eight hundred nine five eight 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/dan tn usa.com/dan Thanks Tax Network usa.


Alright, they were coming fast and furious yesterday Ladies and gentlemen. All of 'em, these eos, these other actions. Donald Trump is in the FO portion of the round and find out. I'm happy to see it yesterday. However, a federal judge in Seattle blocked, at least temporarily President Trump's attempt to rescind birthright citizenship to illegals per the ap. He called it blatantly unconstitutional. Let me give you, you know what, first, let me play this clip from the five, the Queen of the Kerns, which doesn't sound so great. That's, is that me? Is that me or Jim? That's me. That's actually my voice. You got, I don't know what you did with the Echo feature.


Let me play this first. Here is the great, the legend Greg Gutfeld, who I watched the five to watch Greg and Jessica go at it again folks, it's not personal. I don't dislike Jessica. She's always very nice to me. I just disagree with her politically. I think the stuff she says is frankly pretty stupid. But Greg always tears her a new one. Here's Jessica on birthright citizenship. Notice how she doesn't even answer the que. I'm not even sure she really knows what it means. Oh yeah, it means you were B no there, this is a big legal issue right now. It's not just you were born here. You have to actually read the 14th amendment. Check this out. If you Vote to revoke birthright citizenship for the children of people who are here legally. Do you understand what that means? Yeah, I do. Absolutely. Tell me about it. Tell me what birthright citizen citizenship meant.


Well I think when Donald Trump was talking about it and disparaging people over here, he was talking about Undocumented people who come and drop their anchor babies. He wasn't talking about people who are here on student visas, people who are here on H one B visas. You're always gonna choose this weird exception. No, it's not weird. The fact is the system is being gamed weird. I did, Americans voted for Donald Trump because they saw these systems, these institutions being game, the asylum issue, the birthright citizen issue issue. That's I'm saying that issue, title IX issues. Every single part of society was being gamed by the left and finally Americans got pushed too far. They don't, they, the point is you don't have to like everything in the restaurant to like the restaurant.


There are things, I go to a restaurant, I don't eat any seafood, but I like that restaurant 'cause it's got steak. There are things that Trump will do that I will disagree with, but the entire package is as close as you're going to get to what Americans want. You guys are so funny. You guys are funny. I tell you don't, don't worry about tip. We get more tips now than you would think. That was like a psyop like I was reversing. I love you guys. Forget it. I'm not saying it anymore. You want a tip? Knock it. Knock yourselves out. I love it. I appreciate it. But I wasn't playing a game with you, but you guys are funny. I love you guys a Pon Gino army man. I don't think people know I don, I I really don't.


Do you know, sometimes I don't wanna get distracted. I wanna get back to this, but just one quick thing. Do you have any idea how many times I'm in a little group of people? It's rare when I get out, but I do. And they'll say something like, like when I was at this, this Facebook event and I was talking to a bunch of folks. I, I met Shaath Pahata, I played his clips before. Super nice guy. But I was talking to a bunch of people and they're stunned that we're the number one live stream in the United States for politics on just about every four out of five days of the week. They were stunned. They have no idea how powerful this Bonino army is. You guys are amazing and I want you to know I appreciate it here. Getting back to that Greg is accurate and Jessica Of course is not the queen of the Karens Ladies and gentlemen.


Birthright citizenship by the 14th Amendment. As always, there's a clause in there subject to the jurisdiction thereof. Now there is an open question. I want you to remember these two terms. You wanna sound smart in your group of legal friends. Ask 'em if there is a difference between political and territorial jurisdiction and watch them spin their wheels. Territorial jurisdiction would be the idea. If you're born on the United States under any conditions whatsoever, you are in fact a citizen. No, that has never been a fully legally decided decision. There are a lot of legal scholars who believe that the 14th Amendment interpreted the right way, meant political jurisdiction.


That If you were born in the United States to American citizens or people subject to the political jurisdiction thereof, then that's what they meant. If you are born overseas to two American citizens, if me and Paula had another kid on our trip to Spain, they're still American citizens 'cause they're subject to political jurisdiction, not territorial. Folks, this is not a decided question. Anyone who tells you otherwise is lying. And I don't believe, If you go and look at the history of this with Dred Scott and slavery, that the people who wrote the 14th Amendment meant it to mean territorial jurisdiction.


That if you're born here, no questions asked, you're a citizen. I don't believe it. And I think anyone telling you otherwise is lying. And I think if it gets to the Supreme Court, they could have a real problem. And I'm gonna tell you why Gorsuch is a hardcore originalist. Just look at the McGirt decision and if Gorsuch is gonna play it straight, he made a big decision with Oklahoma McGirt turning over all that land. That was a huge decision that's caused a, a tremendous ripple effect in Oklahoma and elsewhere. Look up the decision, If you know what I mean. He's like, Hey, we wrote a treaty. That's it. Well folks, If you're gonna go back and look at why we wrote the 14th amendment the way we did, I don't believe it involved territorial jurisdiction at all was political.


Don't let them spin your wheels on this. Jessica doesn't know what she's talking about. Greg does really smart guy. Speaking of deportations and border protections folks, they're happening. Look at this Donald Trump folks, that's why we titled today the winning. Just the winning doesn't. I don't know how many times they can write this headline into the show every single day we could do The winning continues. It's Monday edition, the window, the the winning continues Friday edition Border encounters drop sharply as Trump launches crackdown on illegal immigration. This is like the most unshocking headline you've ever seen. My Told us That that's true. My orchestra said the border was closed and this would never happen. You, you tell people cross the border illegally and we're going to deport you and you start the deportation flights and shocker, people don't wanna come here.


This is not hard. President Donald Trump signed a number of border security measures on Monday. Folks, there's a line of people now trying to get back to Mexico and other countries who are here illegally. None of this is surprising. Why check this video out from Fox? This is Bill Udin talking about roundups starting already. There's a way not to get involved in a roundup. Don't break the law. Come here illegally. This isn't hard. I'm not, I don't hate anybody. My wife's a legal immigrant in the country. But if she had to follow the rules then damn it, so do you. This isn't difficult. Check this out. I'm Not going back to Haiti. One of those threats is this illegal alien from Haiti. Ice says he's a gang member with 17 criminal convictions in recent years. Trump, you feel me?


Yo Biden forever, bro. Thank Obama for everything that he did for me bro. Ice Boston quickly takes down its next targets, including this illegal alien from Brazil who has an Interpol red notice for armed robbery. This Salvadoran illegal alien charged locally with rape and released by a sanctuary jurisdiction, yo can we say. And this Dominican illegal alien charged with assault with a deadly weapon and heroin trafficking officers also arrested this Guatemalan MS 13 gang member facing gun charges. ICE says he was released from local custody just the day before. Their detainer request was ignored because of sanctuary policies.


Folks, let me ask you a question. What Saint American objects to this an MS 13 member in the country illegally. So he's a criminal for entering the country illegally, period. But then there's accusations that this guy is apparently some significant gang member in the United States who's gonna cause a bunch of chaos. 'cause they told you yesterday a small group of people caused an inordinate amount of violent crime. Who is gonna object to this? The answer is crazy. People are gonna object to this, but there's a new sheriff in town. I'm gonna circle back to the beginning of the show 'cause I can't say it enough. Some people disagreed with me. Dan, we don't need Donald Trump. We need DeSantis. We need Haley. I love DeSantis. Again, not a huge fan. I do, I love Ron DeSantis. I got a video of him coming up.


He's fantastic. I just didn't think it was his time period. Dee, how much did that bother me? We had all these, I'm like, guys, I love the guy. It's just not his time. Donald Trump has four more years to get things done. He is going to come in in the fo portion of the F round and this is exactly what he's doing. Do you see now the benefit of it? All right, I'm beating this up, but look at the people he hired too. Here's his press secretary, Carolyn Levitt, who I adore. Here she is saying, Hey man, this is just the beginning. Like we're not done. This thing has just started. You don't like it. Like get on the train or get run over by it. Check this out. Securing the southern border and deporting illegal immigrants from this country. President Trump is sending a very strong message to people around this world. If you are thinking about breaking this laws of the United States of America, you will be returned home.


You will be arrested, you will be prosecuted. Do not come, come here. Obviously, I I, I love this woman. I saw her at a Miami Heat game down in Miami. I think she's a Celtics fan and it was the finals and she yells, she yells across, she probably remembers this bar Gido, anyone who calls you only by your last name, I love you right away. It's like a New York thing and a Boston thing. This woman is going to be a total ballbuster and I mean that in a good way. This is what's happening right now. Now I want you to notice something in addition. Here's a couple of the educational portions of the entertainment portion of the show. Educational entertainment. We talked about political territorial jurisdiction. That is not a settled argument, okay? Anyone telling you that is lying to you, they're not.


If they're lawyers, they should be disbarred because they're too stupid. Another thing I wanna address is, it's interesting now I I know the left isn't the hierarchy and they don't care about hypocrisy, but it's still up to us to propose to the norm he's out there and to show them how hypocritical the left is. Do you remember when Arizona back in 2010 instituted SB 10 70? The left called it the show me your papers law and they basically said Arizona, Arizona law enforcement officials can involve themselves in the immigration function. Do you guys remember that? Jan Brewer, it was a long time ago. You may not. It doesn't really matter If you don't remember it. The left went crazy and said Arizona cannot enforce immigration law.


It is a federal issue and they fought like crazy. There are thousands of hours of video on this now. Donald Trump's in office. He is the head of the federal government and the executive branch. And because the left doesn't care about hypocrisy, all they care about is hierarchy and taking down a dismantling structures of power. They're not involved in like Donald Trump. They take the exact opposite approach. Here's big Tisch James up in New York. The New York State Attorney General, a hack and a tyrant and a life loser. New York has laws that protect immigrants and limit cooperation with federal immigration enforcement efforts. Wait, wait, keep that up. I, I thought it was a federal issue. Now it's a state issue.


Again, those laws should be followed by law enforcement and officials in our state. I'll always uphold our laws and protect immigrant New Yorkers. Now you see now it's a state issue. Go look it up. Someone in the chat, Anita, put up a link to SB 10 70 Arizona and you'll see, you'll read the exact opposite argument. The exact opposite argument by the left. Arizona can't enforce immigration law. It's a federal thing. TS James in New York. New York can ignore federal immigration law. It's a state thing. These people are freaking frauds. Now Tom Holman is another F fo, FAFO guy. You know Tom Holman? We love him. Tom's an amazing guy. He's the border czar. I hope Tom Holman is sincere on this. I have no reason to believe otherwise.


Tom Holman's like, hey man. 18 USC 1324 harboring illegal aliens. If you're gonna be one of these government officials that's gonna hide illegal aliens breaking the law, you may find yourself in the clink too. Check this out quickly. What happens to a mayor or a local police department chief that is under a democratic leadership that obstructs ice in your federal agents that are helping get these deportation? What happens to them? Well first of all, if they don't want help us get the hell outta the way, we're going to do it. If I got sent twice amount of resources to that city, that's what we're going to do. If, if they would give us access to the jail, that would mean less agents in the community for them pushing back and not letting us into jail.


It just mean more agents are gonna be in the community so they're hurting themselves. Finally, I'll say this, they need to educate themselves. They need to review this. Title eight United States Code 1324 Triple. I read about that and don't cross that line because it is a felony to harbor and conceal an illegal alien from ice. Read the statute. Don't cross that line. Of course, producer Gee and Jim are always here to do you a favor. 18 USC 1324. You can read it yourself right there, bringing in and harboring certain aliens. What do you think Tom Holman's making it up. It's right there folks. I'm telling you right now, the fact that this guy is in his second term and has absolutely nothing to lose, you have the potential for the greatest four year run in the golden age of MAGA Republican politics.


You're gonna see in your lifetime. I don't know what's gonna happen in the future. I'm not one of these ecker tall power on now guys. I don't really care about any of that stuff, but the hard reality is we only live in the now and you are living right now. I hope you understand this. You guys get this in the golden age of MAGA politics, there is one obstacle for us transforming the government completely and that's the house. The house has a slim majority. We have enough in the Senate if we use reconciliation to do big things. We also have a couple of Democrats like Federman who may come over. By the way, I did the Fed. You guys see me walk in with the federman that you guys see this. I never wear hoodies. It is like global warming in Florida. It's like 40 degrees.


That's obviously a joke. So I wore my don't get, you see this, the don't get dead hoodie. I came in rocking the Federman look today. I should have kept it on for the show. But federman, we have other people who may come over with us on the other side Missing the Shorts. The shorts, right. I know we, what do you think? If you should do shorts, all that Percy's our proceeds go to. It's a great way to raise money for charity. We gave away a ton of money thanks to the shirts. Okay, back to the show. Here's Ron DeSantis, the governor of Florida, showing you again how this is done. Dealing with these freaking media lunatics. They are not Undocumented folks. There's a reason they don't have documents. The reason they don't have documents is they decided not to get them because they broke the law. He gives a great example here and this is how you should deal with the media.


You never ever accept the premise of their euphemism questions. Undocumented. They're illegal aliens. They are aliens to the country by legal standard and they are here illegally. That is the term, check this out. Florida is home to hundreds of thousands of Undocumented immigrants who are working in areas Of, well, you know, just to be so the federal government has made clear that the statutory term, it's not, it's they're illegal aliens. That's the statutory term. That's that's what it is and I think it's to try to water down. I mean like Undocumented, it's like if I get in my car and I forget my wallet, okay, I don't have my document on me, I, my driver's license, but I mean I still have a right to drive.


I just made a, made a mistake. The this is intentional to come in illegally and it's not just a question of missing a document, it's a question of, you know, you violated the law that were very clear and knowingly and with the help of the cartels in many cases. Yes dude, I'm sorry, I don't mean to be distracted, but Uncle Sam in the chat has probably the most genius idea. He says, Dan, you need the Federman package. The hoodie and the shorts combo. You know, he may be a Democrat, but I that being that the money goes to charity, I'm sure he wouldn't object either. I don't know. Does he have like a trademark on his name? That's actually not a bad idea. The don't get dead hoodie and shorts.


I actually love that idea. The John friend. Maybe we'll send, can someone send an email to his office and tell him it's for charity? There it is. There it is. Right there. Gee, pulled it offline. There he is. The Feder. That is a great idea Uncle Sam, thank you. This is why I love you guys and thank you to speak. Speak the truth. Groin, one of the senior members of the groin crowd for putting up SB 10 70 in Arizona. You can read it yourself, but that's how you deal with these media goons folks. Do not let them play the euphemisms game. They are not Undocumented. The reason they don't have documents is 'cause they're here illegally. End of story. That is an appropriate and proper legal term. If you look at the terminology, don't let the media do the euphemisms game. If you win the word games, you win the argument before even making it.


You understand that If you start talking about things like, here's words you should never use Undocumented, un Undocumented individuals. Throw that right in the garbage. They were legal aliens and gender affirming care. There is no such thing. There is no such thing as gender affirming care. The only gender affirming care is your original gender when you were born because that's your gender. Don't use these terms now. Donald Trump is headed out right now to California and North Carolina to review the damage from the devastating wildfires. Here is the California Attorney General. General, this guy Rob Bonta. Now you think this guy would be concerned about finding the arsonists people who are burning the state down?


No. Illegal immigration is so important specifically to the state of California to refill the population, to prevent them from losing House of Representatives members in their demographic destiny argument, which they try to make all the time. We played the cut and the electoral college, that even as the place burns, this is their big concern, is this a legal immigration rate because they don't wanna lose population. That's what's really behind this. Check this out. This is however something he promised, right? It's something that you knew was coming that your fellow attorneys general knew was coming and you were able to prepare for. I'm wondering what your conversations are like now and what your other major concerns are moving forward. Are you preparing for other actions that you think President Trump will make good on?


That's right. We've been preparing for weeks and months. Our ability to move quickly with our, with our briefs and our filing and many states working together is proof positive of that. The president did make a promise on birthright citizenship and revoking it, and I made it a promise too, and I'm keeping it, that I will see you in court when you break the law and violate the US constitution. That promise applies here and it applies to any other action that he takes. We're, we're looking closely at as the other executive orders, including trying to use the military for civil immigration enforcement activities on American soil. We're looking at some of the other executive orders, how they impact our transgender communities. And so we expect this not to be the first overreach and unlawful, unconstitutional action by the president.


And every time and any time he violates the law, it violates the US Constitution. We will see him in court and we will stop him Again. Couple points here. Number one, you see how this clown joker from California, the Attorney General Banta, is now back to immigration is a state issue again when they made the exact opposite argument with SB 10 70 and second, the guy's state is burning to the ground, billions of dollars, billions of dollars in property damage, entire neighborhoods wiped out. You've got arsonists potentially behind some of these fires and what's his dip shit involved in? He's, he, he's, he's concerned about illegals, gang members and others being de being deported back to the countries they came from because they came here illegally.


By the way, thank you to Hoen 9, 9 3 all caps great show Dan and Crew. I hope you think so. I was a little nervous 'cause I know my voice sounds really terrible and I was afraid it was gonna kind of come off bad, but I think once we kind of got in the flow, everything was okay. My voice is still a little scratchy. Alright, a couple more things I want to get to today. We've got some time left for you here because they're important. Elizabeth Warren, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, and others are engaged in this battle to keep Pete Heg s from being the Secretary of Defense. It's not going to happen. Hegseth has the votes he is going to get through bank on it, cash that check, spend the money, okay? However, let me just tell you how to kind of direct your political anger here, and I mean this in a tactical way, not an emotional way.


Forget Susan Collins. IIII don't get emotional about these things. Susan Collins from Maine is, she's not a Republican, okay? She's a re she's runs as a Republican. She's the best you're gonna get. Don't waste any time. She's a political survivor up there. I'm serious. I I The fact that she's fighting against Pete is annoying. She's not gonna sink the nomination. He's fine. Even if Mitch McConnell votes, no j d's the tiebreaker Vice President Vance. So don't worry about that. Murkowski's a different story. The reason I get so angry at Murkowski is she's a freaking Republican from a blood red state in Alaska. Folks, this woman has to go, she will do anything to stay in power.


They have manipulated voting systems. She is run as a write-in after losing primaries. The Joe Miller thing, she is a disgrace. She is the single most destructive Republican up there to the point where I've never told you ever, ever to vote for a Democrat over a Republican. And I, I don't, I'm not sure I'm telling you that, but this is the first time I'm considering it because she's that bad and you are never ever gonna get rid of her. I would rather deal with a Democrat for six years and then finally get some sanity back than have to deal with her for 12, 18 more years. She is a total disaster. It should tell you something that Murkowski Collins, whatever.


Don't even waste your time on Collins. I'm serious. She is what she is. She gets elected all the time in Maine. You're gonna murkowski's a different story. We should have a diehard up there. We should have a Ted Cruz, Mike Lee type up there. And we don't, doesn't it tell you something that her and Elizabeth Murkowski and Elizabeth Warren are leveling the same attacks against Pete Hegseth. That's who Lisa Murkowski is. Here's Pocahontas again with the fairytale that Pete is some kind of outta control drunk. I have known Pete Hess at 10 years, whatever. I've told you this a thousand times. The story is bullshit and everybody who knows him will tell you, check this out. We Cannot trust the safety of our country to someone who has demonstrated repeatedly using very bad judgment with alcohol and doing it in ways that truly have incapacitated him.


This is not a moment to take that kind of risk without national security. And I hope that all 53 Republicans are thinking very hard about that. You know, the only person on video making really bad decisions about alcohol is Elizabeth Warren. Do you remember? Thank you guys for pulling this up, Jim. This was genius. Do you remember Elizabeth Warren in maybe the cringes moment of the election cycle? Like it was totally, this woman has a, this is the fakest. This is the only woman on tape with cringey alcohol moments. Check this out. I'm glad for everybody who's joining this video.


It's great to hear from you. Hold on a sec, I'm gonna get me a beer. Hey, cover my husband Bruce is now in here. You want a beer? No. I'll pass on a beer for now. You sure? Welcome. Stay. Yes. Oh my gosh. If you ever seen that video, the freaking cringes thing I love when she asked her husband, Hey, want a beer? I'll pass on a beer. She, by the way, she looks like it. The twist off thing is hilarious. It was probably a pop-off top and she didn't even know or something like that. The woman is a total mess. If you are agreeing with Elizabeth Warren and you're Lisa Murkowski from Alaska, you're probably doing it wrong, folks.


The woman is a disgrace, she's a total mess. And to the citizens of Alaska who listen to my show or on the radio over there, please, you have got to get rid of her politically. She needs to be removed from that office. She's terrible. She kills the Republican cause in what should be a blood red seat. That's an easy vote for Pete. Shameful. Folks, thanks for tuning in. Tolerating my destroyed vocal chords. The Inauguration Funk caught us all. I hope Andrew Claven feels better. I saw her on Daily Wire on X. He said he was taking a day off for the first time in a while, But a lot of people, I think standing out in the cold, by the way, the cold weather doesn't really cause colds, but you tend to touch your nose more.


'cause you get a lot of like mucus and everything. So I think that's what happened. You shake a bunch of hands, you touching your face, you get all sick. So everybody came back sick with the funk from the inauguration. Michael thinks it was a Joe Biden bio weapon sprayed above the city. So all of us came back with the funk, but, but Michael, unbelievably, he like must have an immune system like freaking Wolverine. He was like sick for a day and that was it. Poor a vita's dying. You see her on her show today? Every, or she's like coughing up a storm. She had to apologize like a thousand times, but she got banged at a great show. Thanks for tuning in folks. Please download the Rumble app. Go to rumble.com/bonino. If you wanna watch on the web, please click that follow button, that subscribe button like you see on the screen.


And a big thank you If you do. We're trying to get the 4 million subscribers before the end of the year. Mean a lot to us. And please, over the weekend, go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify, follow The Dan Bongino Show. Really appreciate it. I'll see you back here at 11:00 AM on Monday. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.