
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. Yeah, I'm looking at the chat and Anita wants to know if Justin voted. Justin did vote, and thankfully not only did Justin vote, but he contributed to a Dan Bonino endorsement record that's running around 90%. The guys who voted for the tax hike one lost and went down in flames bad. The other one barely snuck through because they split the vote. But my school board candidate won. My sheriff candidate won, and two outta three in the county commissioners won. So yes, we're rocking and rolling locally.


Folks last night. I'm not gonna say it was a disaster for the Democrats, okay? It was a little better than night one at the DNC, but there were various debacle. I told you Obama would bring his a game. He gave one of his speeches. you know, hope he's changey and all that crap, whatever. But here's the thing, they still cannot get the damn schedule down. I thought they're definitely not. I told you yesterday, they're definitely not gonna Ms. Obama in prime time. Nine, 10 o'clock to latest after 11. Again, they cannot get this thing down. I'm gonna show you some evidence too, from a lefty site that even the media people are starting to grumble about the DNC always bring receipts.


Folks, I'm not just making this up.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. Go get it now. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino Use code bonino.


And the most important part of today's show, you know our guy, deep State, Mike Bens right? He's against the deep state, not for the deep state. Nobody exposes it better than him. Killer clip of Bens talking about these renter riots. This is what I'm telling you is coming in the November to January period. If we win these rental riots, these racial riots, why do you think they're using the Charlottesville Fine people? Hoax I receipts. Folks coming up. This is an important show, especially beginning. Call your friends right now, tell 'em, tune in right now to the show.


Hey, I'm a proud American. That means If, you come after me and my family. I'll be ready. It's why I use My Patriot Supply to get prepared. Their mega three month emergency food kit comes jam packed with 33 varieties of filling and delicious foods. Includes creamy chicken flavored rice, old fashioned Italian spaghetti, savory cheesy broccoli soup. But you also get a bonus protein kit with diced beef, flavorful chicken chunks, and three varieties of beans stay alive in an emergency. It has fruits, it has vegetables, nine different kinds, snacks. The emergency food kit provides a whopping 2,500 calories a day. Keep you well fed and ready for anything. The way I see it, it's my duty to protect my family. I need to be prepared. I'm not waiting on the government to save me because they won't. That starts with food you can depend on for up to 25 years. Go today. Don't wait. My Patriot Supply dot com. You'll save $300 on your mega three month emergency food kit. It ships fast and it ships free. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com. Save $300 on your kit. My Patriot Supply dot com.


All right fellas, let's go. Just a quick update. These guys make me laugh. My ongoing battle with the cold plunge a graphic we need. We do. We need a graphic. Can we get a Dan Cole Plunge emoji? Just please put some clothes on. Like when I go in, I'm like, hoo. you know this Stan's incident. This, I was, I was up to 40, 48 degrees or down to 48 degrees, two minutes in 10 seconds today. Woke up. I was as red as a lobster when I got outta there. But I'm telling you, my battle continues. I am gonna conquer this thing. Get up to like five minutes at 40 degrees or something like that. I am committed. Okay, moving on to the important stuff folks.


Did anybody find it odd that the Democrats last night that chose chose to battle themselves in their own counter programming? Wait, what? Did you guys catch this? We just got back from where? Where'd we go? The RNC in Wisconsin, right? You Guys know where the DNC is. The DNC is not in Wisconsin, folks. That was the RNC, the DNC's in Chicago. So what the, was Kamala Harris doing in Wisconsin last night? No, I didn't say that wrong. Why was she in Wisconsin counter programming her basically her own convention where she's now the nominee Jackie Heinrich from Fox is reporting that there's a big rift going on.


Did you guys catch this By the way can confirm it's her reporting. It's not mine. However, afterwards I asked a trusted individual who said, this is absolutely correct. That Team Biden and Team Obama, as I've been reporting for years, folks in the chat, what am I gonna say? Hate each other. They hate each other. You notice Biden wasn't there to hear Obama's speech and Kamala at a deference to Biden. Who's afraid? By the way not to be nice. This is why this is really happening. You want the real inside scoop Kamala's afraid Biden might sabotage her on the way out. Okay?


Not publicly, but behind the scenes. So Kamala has to kiss Biden's ass. So out of respect, you following for Biden? Is this making sense? Justin, out of respect for Biden, Kamala left and went to Wisconsin and did a separate rally. The Democrats folks are in real chaos. This convention is a mess so far. Last night was not horrible. I don't wanna, you know, b be I wanna be semi objective about it, say semi because I'm a conservative and honestly I don't wanna see them succeed. 'cause if they do, the country's gonna be ruined. We're running against a communist. But. I gotta give you the truth. Last night was a little bit smoother than night one, but they still screwed it up.


They were late again. Obama, their primetime ringer, their bring the righty or the lefty in this case outta the bullpen like John Franco, the closer he was a lefty. They're bringing him out of the bullpen to save the convention. He gives one of his, you know, hopey Changey speeches and it wasn't bad if you're a Democrat, if you're a Republican, it's all crap, of course, but, and they blew it again. He didn't get on to after 11 o'clock because their speakers cannot shut them up. They just can't shut up. That's the problem with the Democrats. Now, I told you I was gonna produce receipts. Here's Max Tanny, who is like to the left of Kamala Harris. Okay, writing in Semaphore, no conservative outlet.


A friendly media grows grumbly in Chicago. I'm not making it up, folks. I, you deserve the truth that the convention's a disaster. Kamala Harris has ridden a wave of positive press conjuress to Chicago, but the judge by the grumbling here in Chicago, the honeymoon may be ending soon. I always back up what I say. Here's the gist of the SE four article. I'll say If, you having to read it? I maybe in a newsletter. Is it a newsletter? If it's not, don't worry about it. But the, yeah, the gist of the thing is that they screwed up all the media credentialing. They're letting in a bunch of like loser influencers who were taking the spots of like old school kind of journalist, Left-Wing commies and they're all pissed off.


The workstations don't work. The internet keeps going down. There was a little bit of energy last night for Obama and Lil John, not little LL John who came on and performed. But otherwise, the thing has been a disaster. I'm telling you, if this continues, if they're not gonna get much of a bump outta this at all, there were some hilarious moments yesterday too in this mess of a convention. How do you think this looks to same people all across America. Here's a guy giving his pronouns on camera as they're doing the nomination process for Kamala Harris and he gets lost while giving his pronouns at the end in the whole pronoun game. This all of America's seeing this. This is the Democrats right in front of your face.


Check this out. My name is Dr. Joey Perella pronoun. She her hers. I'm a proud resident of the Garden State State. I'm proud to stand with Kamala Harris and Tim Walz because they stand with the L-G-B-T-Q community. It's time to turn the page on Trump first. Thank you. Thank you. There you go. Guy had a tough time remembering his lines right there. This is a Tru Trust Brother Dan Trust and embrace Brother Dan. Post cold plunge. My brain is working at super high speed today.


I'm gonna get Michael one brother. Apparently Avita, I don't know if you know this, has some experience in the icy cold waters of Wisconsin. you know, her dad's like a big outdoorsy guy. She like does log rolling and jumping in cold lakes. She's like, I've done real cold plunges in like 33 degree lakes. I'm like, sorry, Sorry To know. I learned how to swim in a fire hydrant like this. I said, New York City, that's the only place you could swim. You can't swim in a fire hydrant. Oh, trust me, you can. You just gotta know how to do it. It got worse last night. What did I tell you yesterday? The Democrats have a problem with this convention.


They cannot escape. They can't escape it. They're trying to run, and I'll show you the speech in a second from Obama, a portion of it, not a lot. I'm not gonna, don't worry, I'm not gonna expose you to the horrifying stupidity too much, but we gotta know what we're up against. The problem is they're running on this Hopey changey thing, but the change is from them that they're in office now and not like kind of in office. She's the sitting vice president and the guy in office right now is the president. She's replacing. Do you understand how this, the message isn't working.


I'm seeing polls where Trump is actually getting a bump from their DNC convention. Here's what I mean. Here's Michelle Obama. Who guys did we call it? Is anyone gonna like, I know self praise things, but you know they have them in the city. You say, yo, recognize someone came. Did I not tell you Michelle Obama was not running? Did did everyone out there who questioned me? Shame, shame, game of throne style. Shame, shame, shame. I told you she wasn't running. Listen to Brother Dan. Here she is last night giving her speech and everybody in the crowd is screaming, do something, do something. You're in office now.


You could do it right now. Do you? He's the president, your guy. They can't escape this. Listen to this, You all, I I don know what they wanna do. don don't know what they wanna do. They're in office now. They can't divorce themselves from the fact that anything they're hoping and changing or hoping to change would be the change from them. In other words, we suck so bad.


We need to change what we're doing now because we suck, but vote for us because we'll suck a little less. So they brought out the lefty outta the bullpen, John Franco, to close the game out last night. And of course he got on after 11 'cause he completely blew it. The, the Democrats cannot get their heads outta the rest. I cannot believe that they can't schedule this thing. Apparently they brought in some big television big shot TV producer. They have screwed this entire thing up. They cannot get the damn schedule down. Here's Obama at like four o'clock in the morning, given a speech again about Joe Biden protecting democracy When nobody believes this.


When you ask people who's really protecting democracy, the polls don't lead substantially either way, this message isn't resonating. You can keep saying it as Joe Biden locks up his political opponents. I'm telling you it's not working. Look at the polls. But that's all Obama's got because they know Biden sucks from after all. It was Obama who said, don't underestimate Joe Biden's ability to f things up. Watch this History. Will remember Joe Biden as an outstanding president who defended democracy at a moment of great danger. And I am proud to call him my president.


But I am even prouder to call him my friend. He's not your friend, he is not your friend Barack. They hate each other. If he was there as your friend, he would be sitting up in the VIP booth with his secret service detail, accepting the accolades from a glowing round of applause from the audience. He's not your friend. Obama pushed him out. Do you understand that? That's the reason Kamala wasn't there last night either. She's just as ruthless as Obama. She's like, listen, here's what happened. You wanna hear the conversation behind the scenes?


Here's exactly what went down. Kamala was like, Hey, Barack, I I, I hope you understand But I can't sit there tonight, you know, and watch you give this speech about change. 'cause it'll look like I'm kicking my boss, Joe Biden in the nuts. And I don't wanna do that. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna depart for Wisconsin and counter program my own DNC while you're given this speech. So it looks like you are route, you're really riling up the crowd, but that I kind of object to you taking out Joe Biden and calling for Hopey Changey again, changing from, but you understand that's what happened is the scoop. You're not gonna get anywhere but here, what a mess. Yesterday and Of course it got worse.


Here are the Democrats, after they'd spent five minutes giving their pronouns and all that and forgetting what they're gonna say, the, I'm sorry, If, you saw this on cable night. don don't like running clips. You could see elsewhere, but this is worth a repeat. Here are the Democrats, I promise, at any club 47 Tea Party, libertarian group, conservative group, Republican group, the Pledge of Allegiance, the national anthem. No one has a hard time with the words, not at the Democrat Convention, where despite the fact they've heard the national anthem, I don't know how old these people are, 30, 40, 50, 60 for 60 years they've been hearing they still don't know the words to the national anthem. This is hilarious. Check this out.


You see by the Dawn one oh, proudly we last clean. I'm sorry, I, I I people, I'm, I'm reading the chat. What is this? My ears, my I'm losing Dans, please stop. My auditory nerve is now fried.


This is the Democrat party folks. This is the Democrat party. They're running on hope and change from the Democrats while they don't know the national anthem and they waste their time on the pronoun game. This is the Democrat party. I need you to understand, this is why Trump is getting a bump right now. you know what, I don, I'm gonna go outta order. I'm sorry. Can we, can you play that Theo V thing, guys? I'm I, I'm sorry folks. This is not how I intended the show to go down But I. I want, I want you to play this for a second. Here's why Trump is getting a bump out of this, folks. I was reading a tweet by Walter Kern this morning, and Kern said it right? He's like, now I get what Trump's doing.


Listen, this is important. Everybody chill for a minute. Listen to me. This is his idea, not mine. I'm gonna take credit for other people's, but he's right. He's like, I get what Trump's doing now. Trump's saying, Hey man, I am what I am. You've seen my four years. I'm not gonna pretend to be something I'm not. I'm gonna do what I did in 2016 when we won in 2020 when I think we won again, And I, believe him, and you can take it or you can leave it. You think you don't like it, fine, but I'm not gonna be a phony. And now I'm, I I see it. I see he's, he's a hundred percent correct. And I played this clip for these guys this morning. It's a short clip, but it's Donald Trump talking to Theo Vaughn.


It, it was actually a really serious conversation. This is a short, very short version of it, but he's talking to Theo Vaughn, very, very famous podcaster. I think he was like, was he a real world rouls guy, Michael? Do you know? He might have been. I think so. I think. But this guy is very popular. Huge, huge audience up there with the biggest shows, right? And Trump's on there in just this natural kind of back and forth conversation that it's almost like no one in the Democrat party can actually do. And that's be authentic. The addiction thing is really serious with Donald Trump. He lost his brother Fred. So watch how he's talking to Theo Vaughn about cocaine and other things.


Like this is just, this is just Trump. Like he's watch I'll, I'll tell you what I mean afterwards. Play the clip. How time, how did you get addicted? How, how did No, I would just do cocaine. That was really, yeah, so not just, yeah, that's, that's, that's downing. That's down and dirty, right? Yeah. And this is, yeah, this, I mean it was, yeah, I But you don't anymore. No, don don't do it anymore, man. And I'm not doing it. Is it too much, too much to handle Some of this stuff Started to get a real rattle in it. Guys. Do we not have this conversation, fellas, before the show? Gee said, was it, gee, I think it was, gee, you know, GH never says anything. So when Gee says something, you gotta listen because he usually means it. And gee's like, you know Don, you have been telling us Trump is like this forever.


you know, Gee's like a robot. Like he never says anything, ever. And I'm like, I know. He's like, you're right guys. I'm not name dropping. I promise nobody gives a shit that I had dinner with Trump a couple times. Okay, nobody cares. He's had dinner with a lot of people. Put it aside. I promise you I'm not name dropping. I'm just telling you I've been alone with him actually with Paula a couple times, or he is not a group of people around. I am telling you, put aside the politics, that is exactly how he is. Gee asked me that before the show. I've told Gee a thousand times. You'll get that is exactly how he is. You'll be sitting at a table with him. You'll bring up some random thing.


I think one time I brought up to him that my family owned a bar and he was like, how's the bar business? There? There a lot of like revenue in that. Like how does it work? Do you have to clean the place a lot? How do you do security? Like how do you find bartenders? Like he's just curious about everything, but he never, it's never fake. So Deon's like, yeah, I, I did cocaine and Trump, who doesn't do drugs, drink or smoke's? Like how is that? Like he's in his head, he's wondering why do so many people, right? He's like, why do so many people throw their lives away to do drugs? He's genuinely, well, well that's bad. He's like, that's down and dirty. Like that's, that's Trump.


That's what he's running as he's running his Trump. Trump. Kamala Harris is running as the Tabula rasa a blank slate. She's running as a change agent against her own regime. Don't get all people falling all over the place. Kamala is up in the poles. She could win, she could win. But do not fall for this trap. Alright, this next segment's important. Everybody ready? Call your friends. Text them right now. Mc Groin Army. This is, we're doing a mandatory roll call right here. Everybody's gotta show up. We gotta get the Bonino Army shirt on today. I can't tell you this enough.


If we win this Election in November, Donald Trump's about to take office. That November to January period where he's the president elected it's not sworn in yet, is going to be absolute chaos like you've never seen. Get ready for the rent, the riots. I've got two short clips by Bens Mike Ben, who's great at analyzing the deep state, who explains exactly the deep state model for this. This is gonna be a banger coming up next day tuned.


Hey, you know those weight loss injections? Everybody's talking about 'em. You gotta take the injections ev you know, o, OO occasionally. And then they work by helping lower blood sugar and reduce appetite. But they're expensive, they're really expensive and some people don't like weekly shots. Who knows what they do in long run, anything like that. That's why Brick House Nutrition's doctors create a supplement called Lean. I swear by it, the results are remarkable. Listen, I'd start posting pictures, but it's like really shady to do so I've had a pass on that. However, I'm telling you this stuff works. The studied ingredients in lean have been helped shown to lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting into energy and curb your appetite and cravings. Listen, leans are not for the Dieter only has a few pounds to lose. The doctors at Brickhouse Nutrition created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose stuff works. Send me your results. Let's get you started today with 15% off and free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Just do me a favor, take a before and after shot, not for me, for you. And you'll see what I'm talking about. Go to take lean.com, take common spelling, LEAN, take lean.com, enter Dan 15, Dan one, five for your discount promo code Dan fifteen@takelean.com. Take lean.com. These statements of products has not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Thank you Brickhouse Nutrition, check it out. Good stuff.


Okay folks, they are not going to peacefully step aside if they lose a November, there is absolutely zero chance. Do you remember the Time Magazine article? I'm gonna get to it in a few minutes. So Justin's like, wait, that's second. There was a Time magazine article put out after they stole the 2020 Election where they actually bragged about how they did it, how they did it with unions, with workers, with people on the street. I'm not knocking unions, but I'm just saying like there are, you'll see in the article they actually talk about it corporations, how they all got together with the deep state to steal it from Donald Trump. Keep that blob of people in your head as you listen to cut one of Mike Bens talking about how the Democrats around the world, liberals and even swampy Republicans in the blob use these rent erase riots all around the world to cause chaos.


They're getting ready for one right now. That's why he keeps promoting the fine people hoax. Here's part one of Ben, check this out. And I recently did a lecture actually for the past two weeks. I've been doing these long streams going through the use of racial rental riots by our foreign policy establishment very deliberately in order to force political outcomes around the world. And I've been going through CIA operations manuals through special forces factus documents to show the very strange similarity between the politically motivated racial rental riots orchestrated by our intelligence services and what happened in Minneapolis in the summer of 2020. Folks, this is not new intelligence operatives, deep state lobsters, state department folks, international bureaucrats, globalists, NGOs, organized labor.


I'm not talking about the workers on the ground. You'll see what I mean in a second in case you think I'm just throwing this out. They actually bragged about 'em, talking about the management there. Street muscle. They know how to do these. Rent a racial riot mobs. There's a reason, although Biden has been discredited by Snopes, do you have any idea how left wing Snopes is? It's Snopes. In case you don't know, it's, you know, it's like the slope of a line with an n Snopes. Snopes is a an outright communist site. That's how leftist they are. Even they debunked the Trump called these white supremacist fine people that he did not. He actually explicitly them.


So why does Biden keep saying it? Because they're getting ready for these racial renter riots in this November thing and By the way to any of these lefty scumbags out there who wanna write. Yeah, conspiracy theory Dan Bonino the left is gonna riot. I am. What's our record on conspiracy theories, Justin? Perfect. It is absolutely. Are you risking your, well, you're not risking, you don't have a reputation, but to the Dan Arkins of the world who are like Dan Bonino iss, a conspiracy theorist saying Trump's in danger. Ah, then he got shot in the head. Dan Arkins, still no apology. I'm more than you. You write that piece, I'm gonna be you. Go ahead and do it. Knock yourself out.


Nobody cares about what you say anyway. You are gonna be the subject of my show when what I'm telling you is gonna happen happens. If he wins, guaranteed these rent a riot mobs that Democrats know exactly what they're doing. Here's part two where Ben's describes exactly how the racial renter riots are done. Not only here but are around the world, done around the world in conjunction with the deep state. And then when I show you the time article next organized labor CEOs, corporate America, the blob, you're gonna be like, wow, did that happen here in 2020? Check out part two, A capacity build connections into the African workers who are working for Chinese companies who are working in the African government transportation sector who are working, you know, in all the different trades.


And they, they quote inflame tensions against the Chinese in order to have the Africans cut off their labor force. They, in the hypothetical, they brag about how they got 60% of Chinese businesses, the labor force to leave. And they did this using US taxpayer money. Actually they ended up bribing in this hypothetical, the rioting workers in Africa with USAID job fairs, giving them no-show jobs. Basically paying them to take to the streets and riot. And then essentially the state department goes back to the, so you can see how this all works together. You have the, the intelligence services, you have the military, you have usaid, and you have the state Department. The State Department ends up going back to the African government and the African government basically to get the riots to stop and to bring peace back.


They, they end up acquiescing and canceling the port deal. This is Government NGOs, corporations in Africa working together to stoke racial hatred to get some political goal, sound familiar, political goal, stop Donald Trump corporations organized labor, the blob, the deep state. Oh shit that happened here and they even wrote about it. Time Magazine, Molly Ball, The Secret History of the Shadow, Campaign That Saved, the 2020 Election. I've never seen this before. I've never seen this before. Justin's like we've cut this thing so many times that he doesn't even need to cut it anymore. Let me just read to you how the Democrats after they stole 2020 actually went and bragged about what they did with the blob quote.


Meaning they actually wrote this. This is not a Dan Bon gito conspiracy theory. They actually wrote about it and bragged about it. Quote, there was a conspiracy unfolding behind the scenes, one that both curtailed the protests and coordinated the resistance from CEOs resistance to Trump. Both surprises were the result of an informal alliance between left-wing activists and business titans. Sound familiar? The pact was formalized in a TSE little notice joint statement of the Chamber of Commerce and a Ffl CIO published at Election Day Chamber of Commerce and the C-A-F-L-C-I-O in unions. Aren't they supposed to be enemies? Both sides would come to see it as sort of an implicit bargain inspired by the summer's massive destructive racial justice protest, ah, in which the forces of labor came together with the forces of capital to keep the peace and oppose Trump's assault on democracy.


Everybody, just to for a second timeout. Okay? Do you hear what Ben just said? Nobody does the deep state breakdown better than this guy bet. There is this globalist model, it's like a paint by the numbers of how to cause enough societal strife. you know what we need? Hey, where's gh? Is he around? gh, can you pull for tomorrow? Remember Ehud Barak that thing about when we need to pull that for tomorrow, folks, this is a Glo. Do you have it? Yes. I'm gonna take a break. Do not go anywhere. But folks, this is killer leftists and swampy around the globe have this paint by the numbers model business titans, labor swampy bureaucrats, non-governmental organizations when they can cause enough of a ruckus in the street with very little people.


They can, they can basically steal an Election and enforce a political aim. They know exactly what they're doing. And I promise they're gonna do it again. You need to be ready for it, especially Republicans up on Capitol Hill and at the state level, you need to be ready to start making arrests. If people break the law and you know they're going to, I'm gonna play this for you in a second. This is a globalist leftist. He's, it's Ehud Barak, so from, from Israel, obviously, but I'm gonna, what he says here is absolutely true. Stay tuned. Quick break And. I'll get to that last break of the show.


A student loan, forgiveness, handouts, free everything. Seems like everyone's getting a free pass except you, you've been an honest tax paying citizen for like forever. But when covid and tough times happen, you're behind with your unfiled tax returns instead of forgiveness. The IRS is hiring thousands of new enforcement agents. But listen, it's risky to call the IRS yourself. You need tax network. You SA, there are aggressive strategies are designed to help you solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which to avoid. Tax network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or help eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over a billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of these tax solutions expire, so you don't wanna wait on this. Tax. Network USA is owned by fellow Patriots and they're giving you a free consultation. Call 1 802 4 5 6,000. That's 1 802 4 5 6,000 or visit tn usa.com/dan tn usa.com/dan


and our last sponsor before we get back to the show, ladies and gentlemen, a good night's sleep is hard to find these days. You need a good mattress. That's why I'm thrilled. I just got a new one for the new house from Helix, H-E-L-I-X. I'm sleeping and feeling better every day can probably tell what the energy of the show. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kid Mattress is designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz, find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. Your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door. Free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new helix mattress. Every Helix Mattress is a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in a base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combination of comfort and support, even better to set up as fast and really easy. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners. So go to helix sleep.com/dan, H-E-L-I-X. That's helix sleep.com/dan. It's their best offer yet and it won't last long. Helix, better sleep starts.


Now here's what I'm talking about. These globalists that run these little racial and identity politics, a mobs that they use to obtain a political goal, steal an Election, destroy a company, destroy a city. Whatever it is, they know that you only need a infinitesimally small portion of the population to take to the streets. This is why far left liberals and socialists value street muscle so much. Record this one, save it and send it to your friends. Check this out. So it's a clash.


These top down regime change using the tools, the the legal tools of democracy facing a counter revolution from from bottom up. And, we will win. I'm confident of it because I know our people, And, we have even empirical evidence for this some. 11 years ago in two ladies, scholars, ous and Stefan published in Columbia a research they made of hundreds of civil protests in the last over 100 years from 1900 to 2 0 0 6, and they found a common denominator.


All these protests which succeeded were they reached a level of 3.5 of the popula percent of the population, which is, which ends up to be about 8% of the adult population. Tenaciously and persistently keeping the protests, boycott, civil disobedience and so on. At the end, the government either fall or capitulate, and this is exactly, we, we already cost this number within less than three months. So, we are heading in the right direction. The publication called Why Civil Resistant Wealth. Why Civil Re Notice how they call it resistance, right?


Not rioting or nothing else. Why civil resistance works less than 10% of the adult population, If you can get them to take to the streets. Folks, I'm just asking you as friends, please, in the name of all, that's good. Please be ready for this November to January period. Okay? you know what? Fair question. Someone in the chat should say this. Someone in the chat should say, Dan, well, what do you mean be ready? Well, number one for you on the individual level, you should be personally prepared. You should stock up on some stuff. I'm not telling you, you gotta build like a bomb chamber or anything. Just stock up on some stuff.


You may or may not need it, If, you don't need it. Fantastic. I don't want to be dramatic. However, to people out there who have power, power is going to be a commodity during this changeover period. Local sheriffs, please be ready for street unrest. We have a great sheriff here. He is an absolute constitutionalist. You protest, knock yourself out, have fun. You step one foot in that street, he doesn't care if you're a conservative, liberal, communist, doesn't matter. You're getting locked up and you know what? In my county, we never have any problems. You wanna stop the contagion from spreading and the riots from spreading. You stop it. Day one, when I was in New York City, Rudy Giuliani was the mayor.


Let me tell you something. Even after Giuliani, they kept his crowd control plan. you know what the crowd control plan in New York was? You speak out, assemble it is your constitutional God-given right period. However, the first, it's not your right to throw a bottle at a cop that's called assault. The first bottle of brick that gets thrown, dude gets arrested. The second bottle that dude gets arrested too. We had very little of that in New York or anywhere else. So this is what I mean by be ready. Do not wait on National Democrats and Republicans and you know, the moderate middle to save you or whatever. They will not save you.


It is subsidiarity. Locals be ready. County commissioners, city mayors, be ready and be ready today. That's what be ready means. Talk to your police chiefs, talk to your deputies, talk to your sheriff. Hey man, if Trump wins the election and just say there's some kind of civil unrest. Do we have a plan? And what does it look like? Because these people are freaking crazy and in a late addition to the show, folks, we are running against a communist now. That's why. Yes, I wanna see their convention fail abysmally. We are running against an authoritarian tyrant in Kamala Harris.


You know our good friend Kanako and the great on Twitter, right? A great account to follow. Did you see what they proposed in the Democrat platform? Kamala Harris. This is Kamala Harris. This is their platform at the DNC, ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, 25% tax on unrealized capital gains. I get it, I get it. This is not the most sexy topic in the world. However, folks, quick econ, not even 1 0 1 0.0 0 0 2 5 6, a 25% tax on unrealized capital gains. Do you have any idea what that means? He says, imagine buying shares in the stock for a hundred thousand dollars. Their value rises to 150.


Wow. You're doing okay. Under Kamala's plan, you'd owe taxes on the $50,000 gain even though you didn't sell the shares or made any actual profit. Now imagine the stock's value drops back to a hundred the following year. You're not gonna get a refund. And then for those of you out there on the left saying they would never apply that 25% tax on unrealized meaning gains you didn't even make. That's what unrealized means. They're just paper. They said the same thing about the income tax folks. You have equity in your home. How do you feel paying a 25% tax on maybe a hundred thousand in equity you have in your home?


But Dan, I didn't sell it. Exactly. What if the market crashes? That's what you're gonna get. The double barrel middle finger. Folks, we are running against communists price controls. This is unrealized capital gains tax that's got a name. It's called theft. You didn't make anything. It's just paper. You didn't cash it out. The stock or the housing market could crash. You're not gonna get a refund. They're stealing your money. This is what communist Kamala is running on right now, folks.


They are straight up liars too. They are lying about everything. I told you the other day, their entire platform is running away from stuff they're doing now pretending they're not doing it here. Thank you Libs at TikTok for this. Here is Biden last night. I wanted to get to it yesterday, but it's important to get to today showing you again, Democrats vote for who you want. That I I I can't tell you not to vote. Do your thing. I whatever you wanna destroy the country, I can't help you anymore. I'm just telling you, you were voting for a bullshit artist. Everything Trump is running on now. He ran on 2020 and 2016. Whether you love him or hate him, he is what he is what he is.


Your people are full of it. They are liars. Here's Biden ridiculously claiming that they were the ones who were pushing to open up the schools after they destroyed our kids during Covid. They were Are you sure? Here, listen to this. In The pandemic, Kamala And I helped states and cities get back their schools back open. That's true. That's next. Michael says, they're gonna start taxing you on unrealized dependent. Yet the kids you don't even have yet. But I. Guess we're taxing you for six kids. Seven kids. Ev you guys be in real trouble. Avita comes from a large family either, either nine, so forget it.


Avita, be bankrupt. We're taxing you on nine kids on the model from your parents. I don't have any kids. Unrealized kids is not a thing yet. It's not a thing thing Folks, we're running against Commies and they're liars. That's total bs. Kamala wanted to open up the schools with Biden hat tip Libs of TikTok. Watch this bullshit. Here's an actual ad they ran at the time attacking Trump for it. Wait for it. It's just too much fun for opening up the schools. Watch yourself New cases in a single day, 4 million cases, desperate to reopen schools because he thinks it will save his reelection.


We have to open the schools critical shortage of PPE threatening their funding when they Don't open their schools. We're not gonna fund them. Ignoring how the virus spreads, risking teachers and parents' lives going against the advice of experts. It's had very little Impact on young people. Do you trust him to do what's best for our children? Because this is not a test. Trump is failing. I aced it. I aced the test. Again, this is the receipt show. This is all we do is receipts and facts and data. That's all we do here. We give opinions. We tell you their opinions.


We tell you And, we speculating, but it's my job to be, I'm I, I feel like I'm kind of a political lawyer in a way. It's my job to present a case to you. You're the judge, right? You're the judge. I have to present a case to you. And. I have to bring facts. Biden is full of it harm him and Kamala ran on, they, they ran against Trump opening the schools. Democrats made ads about it. He was attacked ruthlessly for telling people to open the schools. Everything they're telling you is bullshit. Everything.


Here's the UAW President and By the way, let me just put this out there. I have zero problem at all. I'm not running for office folks. I'm not looking for votes. I have no reason to BS you. I have zero problem with unions. My brother's in a union. My dad was in a union. None. I have problems with people being forced to join any organization. That's it. And also, I have a problem with union leadership who don't speak for the union. I know people who work in auto plans. They love Trump. They can't stand their leadership. Here's the UAW United Auto Workers guy saying one of the dumbest freaking things I have ever heard in my entire life that, Hey man, this is just a manufactured border crisis.


don don't know. I haven't seen any like rapists or anything. Oh, really? Really? You haven't? That's that's kind of odd because there's like a thousand news reports. You, you're the president of a major union, right? You, read the freaking newspaper. This actually happened. You wanna vote for this? Check this out. You know this, this manufactured border crisis. They talk about now that I, I just, I'm sorry. I mean I look at that. I see all don don't see rapists and murderers and, and invaders. They're not invading our nation. UA aaw guys. Respect. Respect, full stop. Much respect. That guy is a tool. That guy is a disgrace to your organization.


That guy, regardless of who you vote for, that guy's a bullshit artist. Either he's a moron, which is possible, who doesn't read the newspaper and should not be leading your union, a powerful one. Or number two, he's a liar. There is no option C, he's a moron or a liar. He hasn't seen any rapists or like criminals or anything. This is just from like yesterday, bill Euan on Twitter, ice Boston arrested a Brazilian illegal who is caught and released at the border is now charged with attempted murder, stalking, and kidnapping of a victim in Massachusetts. This is one of hundreds of these we could put out there and for the UAW clown joker, maybe you're like, oh, bill Udin works at Fox, so he's just making that up for some really, here's the United States Government's Inspector General report that just came out yesterday.


Did you see this? They lost over 200,000 kids at the border and If. you read the end. It says they can't even guarantee they're not being sex trafficked. Hey, UAW dip Shit. Maybe read this, your moron. Where's Kamala? This Wasn't she supposed to take care Of it? Where's Kamala on this? Good question. Yeah. I mean she is. The borders are, does Kamala know where these kids are? No. She's too busy working on root causes. Maybe like root causes are get to the United States and break the law So. we can sex traffic a bunch of kids. Truly, if we elect her, she'll change Everything. Yes, that's it. Yeah. He brought up a good point truly. He says if we elect her, it'll be hopey changey.


She'll definitely change what she did before, which sucked before into a less sucky plan. Folks, they lie to you about everything. Everything. Nothing they tell you is true and they just don't care. They really don't care. you know what? Put up the Tim Walz thing right now. I know we're gonna, here's Tim Walz, stolen Valor, Tim Walz, the New York Post article. Tim Walz, her VP candidate who apparently now has lied about combat, however, at least implied he was in combat when he wasn't. He has not told the truth about his rank in the military. He's apparently like fabricated portions of his life. Now we find out another one.


These people lie to you about everything. Tim Wall's wife confirms she didn't undergo IVF despite walls heavily suggesting she did. Amid Democrat claims that the GOP seeks Aban. There is nothing these people will tell you that's actually true. If they think there's a political gain to be gained from rioting and lying. Trump just is what he is, man. They're just lying. There he is. Tampon Tim. Emoji's in the chat. Emoji's in the chat. Holding up like Zeus is famous tampon in the men's room. You want more of this? Is this what you want? Tampon's in the boys' room, taxes on the house you haven't sold and the stocks you haven't sold.


A massive corporate tax hike that's gonna filter into higher prices. You folks in the chat of the best folks, price controls. You want more of this. You want children's sex trafficked at the border. You want union leaders who donate to Democrats bullshitting their members about a massive crisis going on at the border. You want more of this? You want more of this? Here's the teacher's union president Randy Weingarten, one of the most dangerous people anywhere on the globe. Your kids are years behind, years behind due to school closures because this lunatic kept the schools closed as she tried to shake down the taxpayers for more money.


Here she is again, screaming like a freaking deranged lunatic like banshee from the X-Men screaming, breaking glass everywhere. Listen to this maniac. You want more of this? Vote Democrat. Check this out. Or Family leave or healthcare or housing. Any of the things that are important every single day. We need to fight to get Kamala Harris and Tim Walz elected. Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are we gonna walk?


Are we gonna knock? Are we gonna get them elected? Thank you. Justin's brought up a good point. Did we mention this woman is in charge of the people in charge of your kids? I love teachers. Love them. My kids' teachers are awesome. Love you. This woman's crazy. You want more of this? You wanna get Bs. You wanna get lied to? You wanna pay a 25% tax on the house you haven't sold your stocks, your pension fund, your freaking art collection, your baseball card collection, your comic book collection, all gonna be on realized capital gains. You wanna pay a massive corporate tax in the form of higher prices.


You want more money printing, more inflation and open borders, sex trafficking, fentanyl, a war on cops. Rent the riots, vote Democrat. No, do it. That is your party. I can't stop you. Here's another lunatic. By the way Kentucky. Anyone in the chat from Kentucky, I'll give you a second to respond. I love Kentucky. Been there many times, but where's that place? Is it in Lexington where they have the street and and it's got a covering over the street and you can like hang out in the bars? It's, it reminds me of Broadway in Nashville. I think it's in Lexington. I love Kentucky. It is an amazing state full of diehard patriots.


We got any Kentucky folk? Yeah, we do. Good welcome Kentucky folks. What the hell is this guy doing as your governor? This guy's a freaking lunatic. Here's Andy Beshear. How did, how do we elect the demo? This guy's a demon rat. He's not even like a moderate Democrat. Here he is at the D nnc kissing the ass of like the pronoun guys and all these other crazies pretending to represent Kentucky and implying at the end that JD Vance's family should experience like rape and a crisis pregnancy themselves. This guy is nuts. Check this out. I mean, think about what, what some people have had to go through because of these laws.


I mean, Janie Vance calls pregnancy resulting from rape. Inconvenient, like inconvenience is traffic. I mean, it is. Make him go through this. No, no. Andy, you bag, I don't want you, your family, any Democrat, Republican, let's just put a universal, anyone at all to have to go through a crisis pregnancy at all. Moron. You think he'd apologize Now he doubled down Kentucky. This guy's a disgrace. You should be respectfully lighting up the phone lines today telling this guy to freaking resign.


What a moron. I love you Kentucky, but man, what the hell? What is with this clown? I want to tie to the beginning, the end, back to the beginning. That Ben's clip is really important about the racial renter riots. Folks, I'm telling you now it is gonna happen if we win November to January, I hope I'm wrong. I know I'm not. There is a reason they're dialing up the racial hatred. They're gonna use it to employ it as a messaging mechanism for these renter riots to try to stop Donald Trump from taking power.


There is a reason you are seeing clips like this left and right here is ABC's Lindsey Davis and absolute disgrace to humankind. Again, implying that there's some connection from Trump to the Ku Klux Klan or something. This is just watch the clip. It's check this out. A as you know, president, former president Donald Trump is expected to go campaign and how Michigan tomorrow. Many people are aware that a month ago in Howell, KK, k protestors marched in the streets with the, the white robes on and and suggested that they support Donald Trump.


I'm curious if If you make anything about that connection in his going and particular to Howl tomorrow. So she's asking the disgrace governor of Michigan, if Trump should be allowed to visit Michigan, because some dipshit showed up a while ago in some like clan hoods. I wonder, was it the old governor of Virginia, the Democrat guy don don't know. We never found out which one it was. The blackface or the Ku Klux Klan. I'm not sure. Was he involved in that or was it the patriot front? The patriot front Trump's not allowed to visit Michigan. Now, Lindsay Davis By the way Donald Trump should not debate on a, b, c. When that lady apologizes Lindsay Davis, Donald Trump to the team, do not debate on a, b, c after that disgrace.


Donald Trump was asked a question about this yesterday and dropped the bomb By. the way the reporter here is not trying to race band. This is Fox's Aisha Hage. She's asking about that interaction to give him the opportunity to respond. A lot of people are like race baiting report. That's not what she's doing at all. Matter of fact, listen to the, you'll see what I mean. Just listen to the exchange. But watch Trump just drop this bomb. He is really, really good at this. Check this out. Thank you everybody very much.


Who was here in 2021? Joe Biden. Thank you. Thank you everybody. No, let's IJD one who was here in 2021. Joe Biden. Joe Biden, folks. I saw a, a segment on Fox and Friends this morning after I get outta the cold plunge, the shrinkage resolved and the Red Lobster style skin went away. Okay, Justin s worse. Is this gonna be a bit bad? Are we doing the cold plunge every, maybe we'll see just for a little bit, but I'm still trying to adjust to the whole new house thing, right? You can tell the kind of energies.


It's weird coming over here now. It's kinda like I have a little, I have a commute. It's very long. How long is my commute, Justin? 30 seconds. Like 30. No, it's at like two hours. It's a long way. It's a long way from home. I, I, I, I, I get the show in my head. I'm like all wired up, ready to go. But I'm watching this segment on Foxing friends this morning. And, I. Forget who it was. Forgive me, I, I'll try to find it. But the guy, I think I swear he stole my talking point there where he was like, these campaigns aren't about platforms anymore. They're about short soundbites. I'm like, oh my gosh. He listens to my show. He totally fleed that. The Trump team, him and Vance do sound bites better than anyone. I want you to listen to JD Vance yesterday. He's asked by a reporter about his debate coming up with tampon and Tim, this is how it's done, folks.


This is how it's done. Check this out. I'd like To know how you were prepping for a debate with Tim Walz who has described himself as a bad debater. Who's helping you and how are you prepping? Well, I found a good friend from back home who embellishes and lies a lot and I'm having him stand in for Tim Waltz. That's what we're doing during our debate. This is how it's done. This is how it's done, folks. We got a really, really good chance to win a red wave talk. However, do not get baited into this Kamala phenomenon crap. It is disgruntling and disenfranchising way too many people who bought into the media bullshit. She is as bad a candidate as you think.


What is our job from this point in the remaining 70 days to the election? Everyone in the chat every day, we're gonna remind you what's your job? Execute That is it execute you and 10 people are gonna vote and you're gonna get them there. That's your job. You're gonna email them, you're gonna call them, you're gonna send them a dm. You're gonna social media message them. At least 10 people execute And. we will win. Don't execute And. we will lose gun owners, truck owners, freedom lovers, sports fans. You have a home. It's with the Donald Trump movement. Execute. What a show today, man. I was in a mood.


I'm telling you man, I'm feeling good these days. The show is rocking and you know what? It's doing it because of you. I need a favor from you. Please download the Rumble app. It is free. Or you can watch the show every day, If. you wanna watch it on computer@rumble.com slash bonino on your desktop. It is absolutely free. Join us in the chat every single day. Open it up early. Show starts at 11. Please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify too. We dropped a little bit on Spotify and need your help. Go there Spotify, click that follow button. Apple as well. Keep us at the top of the charts. We really appreciate it. Thank you so much for your help. Hope you enjoyed the show. See you on the radio show on Rumble here in a minute, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.