
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, I tweeted out yesterday, it was a fourth quarter, and somebody's why. I love your feedback. Somebody said, no, Dan, it's not, it's the two minute drill. And you know what? I stand corrected. You, sir, are correct. Go execute. Do our job, which requires you to do your job, show up, vote and damnit. We'll take this country back.


Man, I can't believe it. I'm getting a little emotional, but you didn't even expect that. I can't believe that Tomorrow's the day. I can't, folks, I can't believe we've suffered through four years of this, or three and three quarters and I I'm having a hard time getting my arms around The tomorrow's the day. It's either gonna be gonna be one of the best days of our lives or the worst. And it depends on one simple thing. And this is not an oversimplification of where we are. I promise you right now, based on pure numbers alone, that if you simply execute the number of people who are diehard Republican voters still left in these swing states who have not shown up yet, who likely are planning on doing tomorrow.


They didn't wanna vote early. It's too late to argue about that. That's fine. They're patriots. They will show up tomorrow. I know that it is a pure numbers game. If they show up, we win. That's it's, it's that simple. No, it, yes, it is. They have not met their firewall numbers for early voting. The Democrats to ensure they can win this thing. They haven't, they don't have enough left if we show up. This is my phone. That sticker staying permanent. I got the little, I voted in Martin County. I voted Saturday. I voted early with Paula. I brought my youngest daughter who obviously can't vote, but I like her to be civically engaged. My mother-in-Law voted.


My daughter voted. We did what We had to do. I'm up to probably five or 600 people I've dragged out to the polls as well. Execute, execute. Take your country back, man. We have suffered long enough. I got a big show for you. Planned today. Election night coverage. Tomorrow, 7:30 PM Eastern Time. There'll be no show during the day. There will be a radio show that we're gonna, we're gonna be on the air a long time at night. We got great guests. Stay tuned folks.


Beams Black Friday Sale. Get access before anyone else. Bonino listeners, enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's biggest sale yet. Thank you, Beam.


As I said, loaded show for you today. I'm gonna make a closing argument for you no matter what, and you're gonna see it's only one choice.


Today's economic environment's still really stressful for a lot of us, but with the Fed finally dropping interest rates, there's no better time than now to put you and your family in a better financial position. If you're a homeowner, American financing is helping thousands of families just like you who've been putting, putting everyday expenses on credit cards, get out from underneath that crushing debt by tapping into your home's. Equity American financing is saving their borrowers over $800 a month on average. 800 a month is like $10,000. A $10,000 raise at work. It's a lot of money. It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save the closing summit as little as 10 days. And if you start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. There's no better time than now to turn your situation around. Call American financing today. (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 or American financing.net. It's a.net address american financing.net. NMLS 22 3 2 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Thank you. American financing.


All right, fellas, let's go, man. Folks in the chat, please. Who voted early? Yes. You voted early. No, you did. I'm watching chat. Speak to truth. Groin says, execute 10, 10 and 10 and more, more, more. Pilot on Kilo Re style. More, more. Bring it. Listen, the argument about early voting is over. Okay, I'm not more, more, more, more, more. Keep it coming. I, I, I can't convince you anymore. If you, if you say, I am resolutely doing it on election day, I love you.


You are a patriot. I don't wanna pretend to even understand your reasons. Good. If you are, please no matter what, all I'm asking you now is to make a plan tomorrow, get a babysitter. I I DoorDash dinner. I don't care. But tomorrow, no matter what happens, if there's a nuclear war, go Denzel, Washington Book of Eli and you get to that poll no matter what, you go Vigo Mortenson the road, and you get to that poll no matter what, you will make it to the polls. No matter what, what you're not, I'm not asking. You will go to the polls no matter what, and we will win and it will be the greatest day of our lives.


If we don't, we will lose and we will show up the next day and we will be like, what in the hell happened? Let me just say, as the campaign is coming to an end, this is the two minute drill. That person was correct. It's not the fourth quarter. This is the two minute drill. This is it? The campaign is coming to a close tomorrow night. Everything's gonna be done by midnight or so. The votes will either be no more votes coming in outside of some of these mail ins in these crazy liberal states. It's gonna be all over. We do not wanna leave a single vote on the table and an ounce of regret. But I'm starting to understand the Trump team, and they're being very savvy here. Do you guys see what they're doing?


Do you see their strategy? Do you notice they're spending an awful lot of time on the east coast? Well, of course, Dan, there's a bunch of swing states there. North Carolina, Georgia. Pennsylvania. Yeah. Yeah, no, I get that. And they have been hitting, obviously Wisconsin, others, but a lot, a lot of time in Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania. Even though they look good there, you see their strategy. It's pretty genius. I think they are so terrified of the tyrannical comi, Democrats trying to steal this thing with another like late night ballot drop in a a, a western swing state, like in Arizona or something like that, that could prolong this thing for days and weeks that they wanna make this thing a fa accompli on the East coast by 9:00 PM You guys in the Chatter group.


This is freaking genius. Jim, do you know what I'm talking about? Producer Jim's in studio. Yeah. Say hello to the fellow. Okay. You guys ever see producer Jim's never actually been on camera in the Bonino studio. You probably met him. We got we got his book over there too in The. Bongino Show Survival Guy. Yeah. Pick up a copy of my book. Yeah, come on in. Dan Show. Survive. Say hello, producer. Jim. Hello. There we go. The Dan Show Survival Gun. Here we go in studio. You agree with me though? This is a brilliant plan. Make this thing such a freaking landslide on the East Coast that it's impossible there. The math doesn't work. It's kind of a brilliant strategy.


Now you get out and execute. We will win. Let's go through some weekend updates so you have a good idea of where we are. We're not doing any red wave talk. We haven't yet, but I'm telling you now the math. You're, you're sitting there right now and you got a gun to your heads and you gotta make a pick right now. You wanna be Trump. You don't wanna be Kamala Harris. Here's a Eric Daughtry tweet. We've been, we will be using his analysis on election night too, hoping he can join us a little later. New Atlas Intel swing states poll. Why am I including Atlas Intel? Because Atlas Intel, by most metrics, was the most accurate polling out in the last one. Does it mean they'll be most accurate this time? No. I've already told you polls are pretty much garbage, but pretty much this, this crew Atlas Intel was pretty accurate.


Here are the final polls we see in swing states. They've got Trump up in Nevada, Trump up in Michigan, Trump up in Pennsylvania, Trump up in Wisconsin, Trump, up in North Carolina, Trump up in Georgia, Trump up big in Arizona. Folks, I, I'm, I'm just telling you, if you show up and execute and you combine this with the early voting tallies we've already seen mathematically speaking, we will win. But we have to execute. Which means more, More, more r more Just when do you think it's enough? What comes next? More. But we've had enough. No more. But have We had more?


You need more, but we've had more. You need more, but we're at moist. You need more Ty Morris more, I don't care what word you have to make up more. Oh, I voted. Bring two people. I brought two people. Bring five more. Dan, you wear me out. I don't give a shit. Bring 10 more, but I brought 10, bring 20. I've already been, I don't care. More, More, more. It's all that matters. It's more, I'm gonna tell you, why did we destroy the chat? Am I crazy? Oh no. There we go. My gosh, I feel like a blank slate. but it is. This thing is moving so quick right now. Mm.


Or more Bring it. Let me tell you why though. More matters. Even if you're making a big mistake right now and saying, oh, this thing is over, which you shouldn't. Folks, a mandate matters. Follow my ex and true social account. I put some really important tweets out and posts this morning, ladies and gentlemen. If we win in a route, and I mean a route where this thing is by 10, 10 30, this thing is wrapping up and they cannot believe the turnout, it will be the, I don't wanna do, can I folks? I don't wanna do a language alert. Turn this down. If this kid's re watching live, okay?


Gave you, I, I'm gonna try to control it from this, but it is super important though. It'll be the biggest you ever in the history of political use to the mainstream media. The fact that they told America, oh, you're all fascist com racist and in a mandate if we can win the popular vote too. A majority of people said, we don't believe you assholes anymore. It will be the greatest f you ever. Here's why I think this could be possible and why I don't trust the polls. Here's Daughtry again, talking about the New York Times their own pollster. Nate Cohen announces that white Republicans were not answering their polls nearly as much as Democrats and says that the polling miss could be similar to 2020, where Donald Trump ran five points ahead of the polls.


Folks, I'm not sure I put a lot of stock in polls. I just wanna be clear, good or bad. I'm just saying this is the New York Times's own guy saying we may be missing as bad as we did in 2020. If that's the case and those Atlas Intel polls are even remotely, remotely accurate, then we have a chance for a mandate for the first time in a long time and we could win 52, 53 Senate seats. It's only if you execute. I do wanna address the Iowa Seltzer poll came out, showed Kamala Harris ahead, folks. I I, I don't put a lot of stock in that poll. It appears to clearly be an outlier.


I told, I said to you in the title of the podcast today, don't, do Not Fall for PSYOPs. My guess here is this is some kind of operation being run on people. Whether she knows she's part of it or not. Everybody's promoting this Iowa poll. Hey, could it be accurate? Listen, anything could be true. It's more of a reason for you to show up and vote. but I have a solution to the seltzer poll. They basically show Kamala Harris winning Iowa, which I see unlikely but not impossible. Anyone telling you that's lying. Any anything could happen at this point. Let's turn that around on him and let's make it a psyop on our end. Now, if you were even thinking about not voting in Iowa, 'cause you think it's a blowout. Now I want you to embarrass this seltzer poll so bad that Trump wins Iowa by 12 and the Democrats can never pull this stunt again without being laughed at.


'cause then we'll have the data afterwards. That's how you respond to this stuff. Here's why folks, I think we're in good shape. Not great, but good. And that's why the only thing that matters right now is what War. Oh, it's the only, oh, or It's the only thing that matters. New York post New York Republic, New York. New York Republicans vote early in record numbers, but Democrat turnout is in a quote, total free fall.


Nice. They're Republicans. I'll cheers to that one. New York Republicans vote in record numbers, but Democrat turnout in a total free fall. Why? Because people are executing and it's all about more. Or here's Seth Khel another pretty good follow here. My threat on early voting and paranoia surrounding North Carolina early vote. North Carolina is r plus one. Dems are down over 290,000 in early votes from 2020. Republicans are up 11 K. The Republican lead in early voting is 41,445. In 2020. The total early and mail-in vote favored Democrats by 261 K.


That's a big difference and a big difference there that that does that. Not I'm not that don't look good, that don't look good. All you gotta do tomorrow is execute. Now I heard someone say to me again this weekend, and it was a friend. Yeah, early voted. I'm so glad it's done. It's not done. No, you can't vote again, we're not Democrats. However, you can bring someone else to the polls. You can text 10 people tomorrow. You can email them. You can DM them. I don't care what you gotta do. You can knock on their doors, but more, more. You need to do more. I need to do more. Everybody needs to do more.


Ladies and gentlemen, someone tweeted to me this weekend or sent a dm. I couldn't believe it and said, Dan, you're not working this weekend. Not working this weekend. Do you have any idea what I did this weekend? Get people to the polls. Do you have any idea? I had to go vote too this weekend. What do you think? I'm immune from that. My vote counts too. We were out hustling all weekend. My wife and I both notice there's no weekend update. 'cause the only weekend update is more, more, more. That's the only weekend update that matters. David Sachs, who's been on our show before, he's a tech entrepreneur here. This week's PSYOPs alone. This is a pretty accurate summary.


Monday, a roast comics joke is gonna decide the election, really? Tuesday was apostrophe gate Biden calling us all garbage. Claiming he was talking about the comedian. Wednesday, I will protect women referred to abortion. Instead of keeping killers from pouring across the border, it's Trump Thursday, Trump wants to put Liz Cheney in front of a firing squad. These are just last week's PSYOPs Friday undecideds breaking for Kamala by double digits. I'm not sure how exactly they know that. Saturday Kamala's winning Iowa. Three more days to go. He says, ignore the noise and vote.


Be careful of the PSYOPs. Here's one last early voting trend so you feel I want you in a good place tomorrow with your heads manifest. Big things, ladies and gentlemen, manifest big things and it'll happen. Went to church this weekend. Father Marty blew it outta the box too. I encourage you to go to my Twitter yesterday. I put the rumble link, he puts his homilies on rumble and especially listen halfway through. He went for it yesterday and everybody got up and applauded. Here's some final numbers coming outta Nevada. Nevada, GOP improved its position again, Pennsylvania, GOP continues improving turnout trends in Georgia and Wisconsin.


Remain steady with Trump counties. Overperforming. You'd rather be Trump right now. Jim, can you send 'em that article you sent me to Reuters one about Hillary Clinton? Remember 2016 to early voting? It's in your text stream with me. I'm gonna show you this and you're gonna put this in the show whenever you guys get to it. I should have put it up earlier. One more thing. I want you in a good place tomorrow. We are going to manifest good big things, man. And we are gonna make it happen because more, more, more is all that matters. We are bringing more tomorrow. We're not done. We just started. I just don't want you to get cocky in the one in a hundred chance that Iowa poll is right.


You have to consider it. Don't get cocky because this is what Hillary Clinton's people did. They got cocky in 2016 and you know what they did on election day? Anybody have any idea? They did nothing. They didn't vote and that's why she lost because everybody got cocky. I'll send you an article a minute if you think I'm making this up. They were like, man, this thing is over. The early voting for Hillary Clinton's incredible. She lost. The Democrats can still show up, which means if you show up and you do more, we'll win. And that's a fact folks, right now it's all about the close man.


It's all about the follow through. This is the two minute drill. This is the last out of the ninth inning. Enter Sandmans playing. Mariano Rivera's coming in the game. Jim's here, so I'll give him a little shout out. John Franco's coming in the game. Or Jesse Orozco or whatever Mets player Jim wants. Jim's a met guy. Whatever. Jesse Orozco's in the game. If you, if you gotta be a big baseball fan, you maybe I may be age it out right now. This is it. It's all about the close right now. And I'm telling you right now, if you wanna be one person right now, you sure as shit don't want to be Kamala Harris.


Kamala is team blew it. The opportunity to change the narrative, ladies and gentlemen, is over. And we're dealing with another Biden scandal again this weekend. It's really incredible. The party of tolerance, coexistence peace and love it here. Here we go. Here's Stimson j Kat. Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy. It's really weird how the Stimson, j Kat, red and tippy party always talking about joy, constantly are talking about beating the shit out of us, smacking us, taking us around the back of the school yard, kicking our asses. Fastest Nazis, you ever the joy party. Here's Biden again, and I want you to look at the face he puts on, is this guy taking a dump in his diapers?


He said, no, I want you to watch. I think he needed a wipey after this talking about smacking people around or whatever, smacking them in the ass or something. This is the joy party. This is not how they wanted to close. I'm Serious. These are the kind of guys who like to smack in the ass. Wait, look at a face. This guy tell me, this guy's not crapping himself. Jim, look at this guy's face. Is this guy not taking a dump right now? Or what? I'm sure somebody tell me, this guy's not defecating himself, right? Look at his, wait, wait, Jim, watch. Look at that. Come on folks. This guy needed a box of those wies after this. There is zero doubt he was controlling his bowels after that. What he was doing. I don't really know. But this is certainly not the happy, happy joy campaign.


This looks like the most miserable campaign in America. And get ready, man. I almost forgot. I'm glad you said it. Get ready. Get ready for them to blame Joe Biden if if they lose. You're already seeing in Axios and Politico today. Quick break and I'm gonna show you something else. They had to deal with Kamala Harris'. Teleprompter broke. I've already showed you multiple clips of Kamala Harris who when the prompter breaks, has no ability to speak off the cuff whatsoever. Zero folks. I have used a teleprompter I think twice, and they were at speeches where they demanded it. And I don't even think I read the speech in a prompter. The woman has no ability to speak extemporaneously at all.


Zero. And she wants to be president. I'll show you what I mean. Coming up next where she says move forward a thousand times. She's talking to the teleprompter operator. She just doesn't want you to know it. Watch what I'm talking about. This is not the close they wanted.


Hey, we're in the home stretch for this year's presidential election. The stakes are high depending on whom you talk to. Everyone has an opinion about which way this thing will go. And now you can have more skin in the game by placing a bet on who you think will win. Calci.com is one of the first legal places where you can bet on the election in the US. Visit calci, K-A-L-S-H i.com/bonino and the first 500 traders who deposit a hundred dollars. We get a free $20 credit. He just put his wager in. I think we can figure out, I guess, who he voted for. It's not just the race for president. Lemme tell you something. I'm considering putting a bet in on this race. I'm considering. Tell me in a chat what you think I should do. It's in it's information. you know what I'm saying? That's what these and these options kind of things and I I'm considering it. Let me know what you think I should do. It's not just the race for president. Calci has markets on who will control the house and Senate, who will win swing states or more. It's not just Keye having fun with this. Calcis already been used by hundreds of thousands of peoples facilitated over a billion dollars worth of trades. Sign up using calci.com/bonino and the first 500 traders who deposit a hundred dollars or get a free $20 credit. That's calci. K-A-L-S-H i.com/bonino. Trading on Calci involves risk and is your responsibility. See show notes for a link to important disclosures@calci.com. Calci, subject to us regulatory oversight by the CFTC. I'm thinking about it. I'm considered man, we have really closed this thing out.


More, More, more, more, More kids, more. She can't speak folks. She cannot speak without a teleprompter. It is impossible for her to speak off the cuff. She cannot do it. Watch what happens when her teleprompter craps out and she says move forward three or four times. She's talking to the teleprompter operator 'cause she doesn't know what to say. In contrast to Donald Trump who uses a teleprompter only as a guide and talks off the cuff all the time. Watch this says, You know what? Let me say something about this. We're here 'cause we're fighting for a democracy.


Fighting for a democracy. And understand the difference here. Understand the difference here. Moving forward, moving forward. Understand the difference here. What we are looking at is a difference in this election. Let's move forward and see where we are. Because on the issue, for example of freedom of choice, That's okay. You see where she cut off? You see what? Understand the difference here. The prompter went out.


Do you see her moving forward? Moving forward? Please someone move this thing, I have no ability to say anything off the cuff because my neurons don't connect like normal people. She cannot speak folks. This is not a smart person. She needs to have speeches written for her. Everything she does is fake. Every single thing is fake. It's artificial. It's all bullshit. It's all in act, man. All of it. It's a shtick. It's all about the clothes. Let's pretend the prompter went on. It's all about the clothes.


The the, it's about the, it's about the clothes and what's next in the closet. The the clothes here. Here's my prompter. That looks like your handwriting. That's 'cause it is. I was like, give a shit about what I'm talking about. Don't need a freaking teleprompter. What's in the prompter right now? Yes. Thank you. A Washington Post headline. You need a prompter. You need a prompter exclusively. If you are an idiot.


They had to cancel Joe Biden because it is all about the close. And this is not the way to bring the relief pitcher out of the freaking game. They bring, you know, remember when he used to have the bullpen car? Do you remember that? Back in the day, they used to take the golf cart and bring the, the pitcher in from the bullpen. I don't say he was too lazy to like jogging. I don't know what the hell they did that for. Right? They bring imagine crashing, crashing the bullpen card. That's what's going on right now. It's gotten so bad. The sitting president of the United States oatmeal brains, the Kamala Harris campaign has that cancel both him and Mark Cuban because every time they open their mouths, they say something stupid. How crazy is this? We're not canceling these idiots.


We're not to cancel culture. They are. Listen to Fox's, Jackie Heinrich saying, Hey, they've sidelined Joe Biden, who is now like locked in the closet. They've got this guy with a dun cap. They've got like handcuffs on the door to make sure he can't open it. They won't let him out there because he can't shut up. And every time he opens his mouth, he's either crapping himself or calling people garbage. Check this out Tonight. Fox News has learned multiple campaign calls that were publicly advised on the president's schedule for yesterday afternoon were canceled as he faces continuing fallout over his garbage comment on a zoom. Earlier this week, none of the calls that had been scheduled were officially sanctioned by or affiliated with the Harris campaign. And Biden has no official campaign events on his schedule ahead of the election.


Brad, How bad does your clothes have to be? Your clothes has to be so bad when the sitting president of the United States with all the accoutrements of the White House, he's got Air Force one, he's got the imagery of the of the Rose garden. All they're asking this guy to do is please shut your mouth and don't say anything. You have any idea how bad it has to be. By the way, what is he doing here? Did you see this over the weekend? Now I've got a lot of experience doing this. I was a TS guy in the Secret Service.


What is TS transportation section? I spent two stints there. I was the whip there and a regular agent over there and I've done a whole shit ton of motorcades. Here's Biden exiting Air Force one off the the short guy steps because they're afraid to let him walk down. The big guy steps. And I'm gonna tell you something, put this on vo. Never seen this Before. So he's exiting down of the united there. Joe Biden Campaign trail is right There in the Philadelphia area. He's been known obviously as Scran and Joe throughout his Life. Instead of going to the car. And He wants to make a difference. You see the Agent moving a bag, Pennsylvania, What the, This afternoon is this guy Doing? But you've got this back and forth between the press press office at The, I just wanna say in advance, Being accused of this, changing the transcript of President Biden's garbage.


Just keep this going. Getting off the, Here we go. So if you are watching on Apple or listening on Apple or Spotify, I want you to watch this again. Difference. So here's the motorcade. The agent moves the bag because he's like, well what is he doing now? I'm actually inviting fact checkers here, even though you're all full of shit, if you can produce to me some kind of evidence that this was planned, is there an event over there? I'm welcome to, I promise I'll put it on the show if it's honest and not one of your typical bullshit fact checks. Okay? I'm telling you, I did this for 12 years. That is den. Because when the president goes out and walks in an open space like that, you're vulnerable to sniper fire.


So I don't wanna waste a lot of time on this. I'm telling you that this typically, I'm not gonna tell you what it's called, but when he does something like this and walks in open space like that where you get hit with a sniper around, there's typically something that happens that I don't see here because it's nowhere in the camera frame and it's meant to block something and that's not there. What is he doing? I have no idea. Was he going over to a press pen? I told you I'm inviting the fact checkers if something happened, we're not aware of. I'm happy to there. And as long as it's not a bullshit fact check, that seems to me like Joe Biden is as lost as you think he is. I see no video evidence there that that was planned.


Folks, they're in a world of trouble. This is the worst close I have ever seen. Now they bring out Cardi B. Cardi B is, did she sing that song? WAP? Was that her? Yeah, that is Her. And Meghan, who was also On the campaign. And Meghan The Stallion, not the Megan. The okay. WAP sta. We'll leave that out of the show. There's even some places I won't go. Let's just say if you're under the age of 18, do not look that up. So Cardi B, who did a video, didn't she do a video complaining about taxes not long ago? Amazingly, is now campaigning for the candidate who is openly pledging to raise their taxes even more than Bernie Sanders, which is kinda weird.


Sounds to me like Cardi B isn't that bright? Here is Cardi B, I'm gonna play him and take a break. Cardi B apparently has a teleprompter problem as well. She apparently just like Kamala, when the teleprompter breaks, doesn't know what to do and sits up on stage in the cringes clip, you're gonna see yet and doesn't know a freaking thing about what to say because none of this matters to her. And if someone didn't write it for her, she can't speak from the heart because all she is is reading what someone else wrote for her and it appears to not work. Check this out. One second guys. One second.


Okay, so I don't take lightly the call. Sorry guys. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little this, I need patience over here. Patience. Where are you girl? I need patience over here. Okay? That's about the cringes thing you'll see today. There you go. That's the, and let me tell you, that's a, that's the common Harris. I don't give a shit about celebrities, pro or con, I just don't.


If they're on our team, great, awesome, fantastic. If they aren't, they do your thing. If you're taking your adv advice on who to vote for from Cardi B, good luck. You're on your probably not on our team anyway. And by the way, that goes for either side. You do your own homework that you don't gotta, don't listen to any bullshit from someone who acts for a living. I saw unbelievably for these Star Wars guys, Harrison Ford, who I grew up watching Indiana Jones and Han Solo come out with this single dumbass thing. I've heard you. Please stop, do this again, dude. Shut your pie hole. Nobody, mark. Well, mark Hamill's been crazy forever. Nobody gives a shit. Go back, get the bull whip and the revolver, get the blaster. Kill Guido, whatever, and just shut the fuck up.


Like nobody really gives a shit what you have to say. Just do the Guido scene. Hey, boom, we got you Guido. Okay, great. Fantastic. you know, that's, we don't really need, it's okay. We're kind of done with you at this point. Maybe Guido did shoot first. Guido shot first. Justin says, folks in the chat poll, did Guido shoot first or not? Is this a big deaky? Is this like a real thing? Did Guido shoot first? I, I always felt bad for Guido. Now with, here's the question. Now that we know Han Solo is on the wrong side of the force, was Guido a good guy? Was Guido the entire time a good guy? Because I had the Guido action figure growing up and I used to have him get his ass kicked. 'cause I thought he's a bad guy. Was posed a question today on Twitter?


Was Gredo a hero at this point left to be like, you're inciting violence. This is how fucking stupid they are. This you're, I swear. but it was Guido, the good guy. Hashtag Guido the hero. Hashtag hashtag. There it is. Justin. Guido's a hero. Guido the hero. We love it.


Hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there, but guess what? There's hope on the horizon. With Beams Dream Powder, they sent me something to try, has been a game changer for me. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused, ready to tackle whatever life throw I weigh. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, epigene, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now, beams offering my listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. It's your biggest sale of the year. My listeners can shop it early before anyone else. Get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino with checkout. You've been hearing me rave about Beam all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Enter code bonino and unlock your early access. That's Shop. You guys could jump ahead there. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code BONINO for up to 50% off. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino code bonino for up to 50% off. Thank you Beam, we appreciate it.


Hey, it's allot at stake in the upcoming election. But regardless of who's sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy's already been lit. Four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it's like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. You don't have a lot of control over the election outcome, but you can help protect your savings by diversifying now into gold from birch gold for millennia, Gold's often stood firm in the face of greedy governments. Economic upheavals and global strife can help protect you. Now, Birch Gold's, my gold company, will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. In the past four years, inflation has seen increases of as much as 19% and the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence. Text Dan to 9, 8, 9 8, 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and trust Birch Gold like I do to help protect your savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply paid for by Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H. We appreciate it folks.


I wanna show you another one. This is not how you close. And then I gotta do some debunking. 'cause I heard a whole lot of bullshit this morning on Fox and Friends. Thankfully Brian Kilmeade fought back, but one of Kamala Harris's surrogates, a hapless tool named Chris Murphy, a colossal bag like you've never seen before, lied his way through a extended, did you see it, Jim? This morning about a 15 minute interview. K kill me, did a really good job fighting back. But the bullshit was endless. Everything they tell you is bullshit. But here, here's a closing argument against Kamala and that. And then I'm gonna make a case with headlines. So I'm not done. I may have to jump ahead to that, guys, 'cause I gotta get to this no matter what. I'm gonna make the closing argument. But here's Kamala, the Fakest candidate you've ever seen Notice in this side by side how she even fakes what appears to be these acute reactions to these just little minutiae, these things that happened.


It's all fake. Everything is rehearsed. Watch this. You're already voted. Oh wow. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. That's great. Thank you. Thank you. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify on demand, watch that video, Dan. It's the same thing. It is, but it's not. It's the same thing at two different speeches, side by side. The exact same reaction, the fake response. You are, someone told her to do that. The Hands. Look, even the watch, watch the hands.


Watch the hands here. Fake clap. And she, I, I think she even claps the same amount of times. There we go. Look around, look. Oh my gosh. Pretend you're surprised. Ah, smile look, leave it there. The cackle. Look at the cackle. S like Hillary with the balloons, Bro. oh yeah, yeah. Remember? Did she, Jim just brought up a good boy. Remember Hillary? Every time there was a balloon launch the D there. oh Yeah, she looks like this guy. This guy. Oh my gosh, holy shit. Balloons, hands. Here's the hand.


Wow. Whoa, fucking Clowns, man. You got a chance to really tomorrow send these people in into the political phantoms out there. There you go. That was it, Jim. Woo. Balloons. Whoa. Holy shit. Like you've never seen balloons before. Let me hit a few. Everything these people do is fake, bro. Everything they do is fake. So this morning I hear, I'm gonna give you a little bit of debunking here for your friends. Chris Murphy, who is a, just a goofball Democrat senator. I mean a hapless buffoon was on Foxing friends this morning. Again, it doesn't matter how many times you debunk their bullshit, I'm telling you, absolutely categorically, it is a fact.


Nobody lies like Democrats. No one. They lie about everything he's on this morning saying, well, the Trump tax cuts only benefited the wealthy that the majority of the benefit went to the wealthiest 85% of folks. This took me all of five seconds to pull up and I pulled up the biggest left wing communist fact checker we could find. So you, so lefties won't go. You're pulling up Breitbart or something or bonino.com. Not that I don't trust them. I obviously do, but I don't want to hear it. Here's your own left wing analyst, Jeff Glenn Kessler, who's the biggest bullshit artist around even telling you it's a false claim. Biden's false claim that no one but the rich got, the Trump got, got Trump's tax cuts.


They know Tesla and he's actually correct that it shouldn't be a shocker that gross amounts of money are gonna go to people who, if you get a tax cut, that if you're doing it on gross, that of course the people who pay the most taxes, if there's a tax cut, are gonna get the largest benefit. It doesn't mean that the rich benefited at the expense of anyone else. Go to the second slide. He all he is noting here is that that's bullshit because the wealthy already paid all the most of the taxes in this country. He notes. Moreover, when the tax policy center looked at the impact of the tax bill, they concluded that in 2018, most people would see an overall reduction in wait, that says most people guys, I thought Chris Murphy said it only benefited the rich.


The tax policy center found that 80% of all tax payers would have a tax cut. I, that's weird. I thought they said the opposite. This is the Washington Post folks compared with about 5% experience, a tax increase in the middle, talking about the middle class. 91% would get, get a tax cut averaging about $1,090 a year. I I folks, they just lie to you all the time. It's all bullshit. These people lie to you all the time. How do I know it's bullshit? Here's the king of the bullshitters Obama out there this weekend. Again, parroting the fine people hoax despite the fact that this thing has been debunked 65 different ways from Sunday.


It doesn't matter. They will lie, lie, and lie because they can't tell you the truth about who they are because they're fake frauds like Kamala Harris. Listen to Obama. Maybe you're Muslim American or Jewish American and you are heartbroken and furious about the ongoing bloodshed in the Middle East and worried about the rise of antisemitism. Why would you place your faith in somebody who instituted a so-called Muslim ban who sat down for pleasantries with Holocaust deniers who said that there were very fine people on both sides of a white supremacist rally?


He's just making that up folks. He did not say that. He said the opposite. I quote completely condemn the white supremacists. It doesn't matter. These people lie. They are full of shit all the time. Listen, I warned you, they're not gonna go quietly and the biggest rabble-rouser right now on the left. I had my cousin reach out the other day and say, Dan, you think they're gonna invoke the 14th amendment? Are they gonna impeach him right away, folks? They're already talking about it. Was it the Washington Post or something this morning that implied that Jamie Raskin was on Mar this weekend? This guy's a big troublemaker already talking about stopping this certification or at at very minimum winking and nodding at people.


This is a real threat. Folks, I have one more break I have to get to. I really appreciate your patience. Sincerely, we've had a lot of demand on the show. They keep the show free. So thank you very much. Last break, and I promise I'm gonna get back to it.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, as companies like Patriot Mobile as still believe in America and our rights, I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause we're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military and first responder heroes. Take a Stanford conservative causes Put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile. Today you get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Do it now and get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values. I have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to Patriot Mobile, America's only Christian conservative mobile provider. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thanks Patriot. Mobile, I want you to watch this.


This is Jamie Raskin, folks. We're like the freaking supermarket. We always bring receipts. Tell me now, after listening to this, that the Democrats are not planning for major chaos if we execute and win this thing tomorrow. They are. You've gotta be ready for it. And my, I'm just gonna send out one final note before elections to the local constitutional sheriffs. You guys are on the right side of history. Make sure obviously you know everybody's constitutional rights are respected. We get that you guys are all about that. Have a pr, have a plan. 'cause they are preparing for something really nasty. If we win this thing, we can defeat it. We can win the day and the right thing.


We can make the right thing. Not the easy thing happen, but we're gonna have to have a plan. Listen to Jamie Raskin. You'll see what I mean. Check this out. When I say we will support a free and fair election, no, we're not gonna allow them to steal it in the states or steal it at the Department of Justice or steal it with any other election official in the country. If it's a free and fair and election, we will do what we've always done. We will honor it. So finally, You notice how he puts this caveat in there about this free and fair election. People say to me, oh yeah, he's Dan. He's acknowledging that they're gonna, they're gonna concede the election. That's not what he's doing.


They're already preparing to say it's not a free and fair election. Elon Musk, disinformation Republican disinformation either Washington Post has written a story about me with by name in it. I think the last three days or something like that. I gotta go back and check. They're like obsessed. There's another one out there now I just saw during the break from another owl. It was a variety. They are so obsessed. It's like that glen close fatal attraction boiling bunny thing. They are so obsessed and I promise you, after the election, they are not gonna go quietly if they lose. I promise. Just be careful, everybody. Be careful.


Now, if they can't make a closing argument, then ladies and gentlemen, it's one thing to complain about it. It's another thing to do something yourself. I think it's our obligation to make a closing argument. I don't wanna forget somebody write this down. It's our obligation to make a closing argument for Donald Trump. You ready? I want you to bookmark this segment. Okay? This time marker was about 45 minutes in or so to the show. And if you have any undecided friends, I want you to ask him a simple question. I'm not trying to convince you who to vote for at this point. I'm just gonna ask you one simple question. What can you live without? I'm not gonna ask you who you want 'cause you don't want either. You're still undecided. Can you live without some of this stuff I'm about to show you?


Here's a closing argument just based purely on headlines. And for those of you out there, I'm gonna use a mix of stuff. But these are real headlines just over the last few weeks. And you tell me, can you live without this? Because if the answer is yes, there's only one candidate and that's Donald Trump. Start here. Start. Yes. Start with the New York post. New York post illegal migrant accused of shooting a Jewish man heading to Chicago synagogue, charged with a hate crime in terrorism. What's that first word? Say fellas. Illegal migrant. So there was a suspected terror attack. This, well, it was a terror attack.


But then the suspect is an illegal migrant. And Kamala Harris as the borders are. How many of you, by the way, how many in the chat, how many people have heard this story? It kind of got squashed this weekend. Did you notice that you think if this happened and Trump was the president, it gets squashed. An illegal migrant, an a terror attack. The suspect, you didn't hear much about this, did you? Jewish Democrat voters out there. You happen to be a Jewish voter. You really an honest question. Are you content with a candidate who placates terrorism and placates the campus terror crowd and all that? I, I'm just asking a question.


What can you live without? I'm not asking you what candidate you want. If you're undecided, you obviously don't know. I'm not being a dick about it. Or else you wouldn't be undecided. I'm asking you, what can you live without? Can you live without illegal migrants and terror attacks, serial murderers and sex offenders in the country illegally? I don't know. You gotta answer that yourself. That's it. No, of course that isn't it? Can you live without this Fox business? November 1st, just a few days ago, US economy added 12,000 jobs in October. Well below economics, econ economists expectations, by the way, most of those were government jobs and that doesn't even factor in the revisions, which will likely be downward as they've historically been.


You want more of that? You want crap garbage. How is it that with AI and the post covid economic explosion that should have happened, how is it that we still can't add good high quality jobs to the economy? The answer is because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are sucking up all the money on government programs and misal allocating resources. Can you live without that? If you can live without that, you have one choice. Donald Trump, is that it? Hell no. It isn't. Fox Business. October 30th, just last week, US economy grew 2.8% in the third quarter.


Slower than expected, economists expected the GDP to grow at 3% in the quarter. They couldn't even meet that 3%, by the way is no great shakes. It's probably the historical standard we should have been at if we didn't have a bunch of big government interventions and they couldn't even hit that. Imagine trying to close your campaign. You've got every opportunity to juice the economy, right? Pull back regulations, let liquid natural gas flow, let the AI market do its own thing without government intervention. Stop getting involved in fabs. Let them do their own thing. They couldn't even do that. Folks. They had one chance over the final couple quarters to juice the economy by stepping aside and winning the selection and sending a signal to the business world that they were serious and they couldn't even do that.


Can you live without that? And there's only one answer in this selection. There's more. What about this? I told you the FBI was lying about the crime data indicating somehow the crime data was down. Which is fascinating. You go in any liberal city, you go into a drugstore, you're like, Hey man, let me get a little bit of deodorant. You're like, that's locked behind a bank vault. We need six people. A witness and a safe. It's like the nuclear codes. You ever see it when both people have to put in the chip thing at the same time? They're like, 1, 2, 3. Get the deodorant. Get the deodorant. So every, it's true, is it not? They need like the manager and 67 people to open the vault so you can go get a freaking, you're out for a date night.


You got, you're like, Hey, let me get some deodorant and some of that cologne. Hold on man, lets get the manager here. All right, countdown three, two. Open the vault. Pull out the dakkar noir there. Jim's like, good. I remember that from back in the day. So we were like, Jim and I saw these FBI crimes. They were like Biden's like and Kamala Harris are great on crime. We're like, we are. They are. What are they crazy. Kamala Harris was the ag and the district attorney and crime's going crazy in these states. Washington times new FBI. Data shows crime increased. even as Biden said it dropped. That was from October of when? 2014? No, 2024. When was that, Jim?


Oh, Jim says last month. That's correct. Because it was because they were lying to you. Just like we said they were. Can you live without that? You can live without exploding crime in liberal cities run by people who share the exact same ideology as Biden and Harris and there's only one candidate for you and want some more. It's how you make a closing argument. Here's the New York Post. you know Jamie Diamond from JP Morgan? Man, that guy's no conservative. Yeah, exactly. That's the point. JP Morgan's, Jamie Diamond slams, Biden Harris administration over the quote onslaught of red tape quote.


I've had it with this shit. This guy Jim, is Jamie Diamond a noted conservative at Howard? He's not. He is not. He is. He's, he's not. He is, he is not. I'm not even sure he's ever vote. Wrote a Republican aside. I don't know. It's a secret ballot I would guess. No. Kind of strange that even Jamie Diamond in the financial industry who I typically loves these Biden Harris people because they get to kind of Jerry rig the rules even. He's like, man, this administration really sucks with red tape. Can you live without that? If you can, you only have one choice. Lemme throw another one at you.


What if you're a union auto worker anywhere in America you wanna be making electric cars? The answer is no, you don't. 'cause you won't be making electric cars. You'll be sitting home because they don't need a lot of people to make electric cars. 'cause it's a battery and some wheels. Okay? Granted a lot of computers, if you're a coder, you got a really good opportunity in the, in the, in the electric car industry. People don't wanna buy electric cars. People don't. That's why they're sitting on lots. Automotive news. October 31st, IE last week, Ford, you know like the car company. Sorry. There were liberals listening to idle F-150 Lightning electric vehicle plant in mid-November for the rest of the year.


Why do you think they'd be doing that, Jim? Why would they idle a plant? You have any idea? Nobody wants those cars. No F-ing way. They're idling the plant because nobody wants to buy the lightning truck. That's insane. That's crazy. I thought we were told by Biden and Harris, even after juicing the cost by giving taxpayer dollars your money to other people to buy electric cars. Even people getting that money are like, I don't want that car. No thanks. Kind of strange, right? How auto works, if you're an auto worker, we love you. We're welcoming you into movement. I'm just telling you, you're being bullshitted by the other side. Can you live without that? Losing your job in the auto industry because they're trying to juice an electric vehicle business that nobody wants and you got one choice.


Let me end with this one. You live in the state of California. We're on the radio there, K-A-B-C-K-S-F-O and a whole bunch of other stations out there. And we have a huge audience for the podcast. Hey Chad, folks in the chat who's from California. I wanna show, we got a lot of people from California who watch this show. The conservatives out there fighting the fight. Love you guys. You're the best man. But California, I don't think anybody doubts. It is a model of liberal governance. That's why people are leaving California. That's why they're practicing the snakeskin escape from la, A generally terrible movie. but it had a good top line message. 'cause a lot of people are escaping from New York and la I wish it weren't the case. Beautiful place. But they are interesting that Gavin Newsom, Gavin Newsom, who did, who went full green, he went all in on the green New Deal, local type projects and all that stuff.


He now needs a climate bailout from the federal government because energy prices in California are exploding. Kamala Harris is even more left than Gavin Newsom. You want more of this? You wanna pay seven bucks a a gallon for gas like they were in California at some point. And go ahead. You vote for Kamala Harris. She is definitely your candidate. Now, you may be saying to yourself, you know what, Kamala Harris is an agent of change. I believe it. Hopi jy, she said it. She said, there's a new way forward. She did. Are you sure about that? Because Kamala Harris was asked by a view host, Sonny Hostin, who was generally pretty crazy, was asked, you know, is there anything you would do different than Joe Biden?


All this stuff, all these headlines. I just closed the argument for you. Would you do anything different? And her answer was this, check this out. Well, if, if anything, would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years? There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. Just gonna let that, let that kind of stew. What can you live without?


What can you live without? I can live without a lot of that. Folks, I'm gonna give you one more impassioned plea. I mean, from the bottom of this, sometimes broken heart over politics. I've been dealing with a lot of shit over the last three and three quarters years. A cancer scare. A lot of personal issues I don't talk about on the air. A lot of drama and stuff. Business expansions, some hits, some misses. You have a chance to do something tomorrow magical. You have an opportunity after seemingly being put out to pasture and having our movement nearly taken from us by a bunch of tyrants and authoritarians.


You have a unique, almost once in a lifetime opportunity to take it all back. Execute. Bring 10 people with you tomorrow. There's absolutely no excuses. I'm asking you as a fellow citizen and patriot here to please in the name of all that's holy and I'm not using the Lord's name in vain. Wake up tomorrow morning. Pray. Pray. Have a plan. Get out there. Poll's open in some states at 7:00 AM I think the best thing we can do tomorrow is put in the chat. Put in the chat tomorrow, whenever it opens up, how long you've been waiting in line. There will not be a podcast tomorrow at the standard time, 11:00 AM Tomorrow's podcast, everyone, please.


So you know we'll be 7:30 PM We will be covering election night. We will be on, it'll be me, producer Jim. It'll be Avita host of the early edition with Avita. We will have guests including Savannah Hernandez, the great Mike Bens deep state specialist, Julie Kelly, Adam Gillette. We're gonna cross over with Steven Crowder. We will be on probably to 1130 or midnight or so. Please bear with us. Tomorrow it'll be seven 30. We'll be at Oak and Ember and Stewart. It is a ticketed event. We had to do invite only because it's a, it's a not a huge location, but great restaurant. Thank you to Kyle g. Kyle Green for helping us out there with that location. We will also be auctioning off the famous Donald Trump baseball tomorrow.


That is his signature. Well, that's his little smudge there too. Just a little one. But that's from him. It's on the Bonino Baseball. Gee is setting that up. So it's all the proceeds. Go to Samaritan's Purse for hurricane relief. We'll be sending that over. Please join us tomorrow. And I'm begging you one last time, this is my last time with you on this show. before election day polls will be closed in most states by the time I come on tomorrow. Please go do it. Get it done. Your country needs you. God bless America and all of those who defend her. I love you guys.


Bonino, army Emmy. Little choked up man. Go do your thing. We're in charge now. But now you gotta go do Talking. Time is over. I'll see you all tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Show.