
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. What the hell just happened last night? What happened? I had the whole show done. Justin, did I not have the show done? I how much of the show? All of it. The whole show. 60 minutes. The whole 60 minute, not 61 minutes. Like 60 minutes, which added a minute. I had no intentions of adding a minute for anyone. It was 60 minutes done. You see this done? Look at the little notes in them. Thank God papers have margins.


'cause we had to add a whole freaking show because clown corrupt, goofball, communist, corrupt crat. Joe Biden has to stick it to America One more time out the door by pardoning his son in One of the biggest scandals you're ever gonna see, by the way, is this guy not the greatest gift to Donald Trump's messaging machine. He's a curse and a plague on America. Biden a a wart on the caboose of this country. The entire Biden corrupt crime family. However, what a gift to Donald Trump's messaging machine.


Your guys stole classified documents. Hey bro, don't you got classified documents in your garage next to your Corvette and you weren't even the president? Oh yeah, sorry, my bad. These guys are a threat to democracy, by the way. Pardon? My son who's about to be sentenced for felony crimes he committed. And by the way, don't let, don't look into anything he did while I was vice president. What a freaking scam man do I gotta show for you today? Screwed my whole show up. But I knew we'd have a big audience today.


Beam Cyber Monday sale is here. Bonino listeners, enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino and get a good night's sleep. I got that Also.


Finally, tha thank you all. Thank you for pushing for Cash Patel and fbi. I I told you this is the guy with the coconuts to go and clean this place up. Donald Trump and his team made the right call. Thank you Bonino Army for getting that done.


There's nothing better than lounging with the family in the comfiest pajamas on Christmas morning and cozy earth's women's stretch knit long sleeve bamboo pajama set and men's pajamas are designed for those cherished moments of relaxation. Relaxing in bed is more your thing. You're gonna love cozier bamboo sheet set. I have 'em on my bed. Elevating everyday luxury into something everyone will use and absolutely adore. Cozier sheets are so breathable you'll sleep several degrees, cooler and durable weave fabric won't pill guaranteed For 10 years, cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of all products, plus cozy earth bedding and bath products. Have a 10 year warranty wrap the ones you love in luxury with, with Cozy Earth. Want your cozy earth pajamas by Christmas order by December 13th for free shipping? You missed it. You can still get expedited shipping until December 20th to ensure it arrives in time. Don't wait. Head to cozy earth.com/bonino now. Use my exclusive code bonino for up to 40% off. Give the gift of luxury and comfort this holiday season. That's cozy earth.com/bonino. If you get a post-purchase survey, just say you heard about Cozy Earth from The Dan Bongino Show podcast. We'd appreciate it.


All right fellas, let's go. So here we go. Here's the Wall Street Journal commenting on the story. Of course, last night Biden drops this bomb. I had the show already done and ready to rock and roll and I see breaking news. I'm going to, I'm watching this special about Wyatt Earp and the cowboy wars and my phone starts blowing up. Dude, he did it. I just wanna say self praise stinks. But in this case I don't really care because, what did we say? Did we not say my my headlight too high or something? Oh, okay. Did I not say Justin that Joe Biden was going to pardon his son?


Yes I did. Is the answer I told you multiple times there is zippo chance this guy was leaving office without pardoning his kid. Do you guys remember why I said it? However, this was definitely a stiggy in witches moment because he says, dad, no, no. What do you mean dad? He said, ah, the loving fathers. And you guys remember the reason. Come on, let's see how good you are. You're part of the team you don't remember, do you? Shameful, shameful, shameful. And you're in college too. Your brain should be working at peak efficiency. I'm 50 years old, my gray matter is melting away by the second dude. You're like 17. Get it together.


You should remember this. Looking at who's that? You. Let's go back, look at you. Actually, I'm looking in the wrong direction 'cause I'm looking at the screen looking at you. But the screen's looking at you. 'cause everything's backward. The screen is looking at Justin. The reason he pardoned his kid is not because he's a good dad. A good dad doesn't let a drug abusing crack using son. Go conduct international business when you are the freaking vice president of the United States. Dip shits on the left. This, isn it. I'm, I'm a dad, I've got kids. Can you imagine having a kid with a drug problem going, I've got an idea.


I'm the vice president and I need, oh yeah. Oh yes, yes, yes. Dark mode. Freaking debos is on. Okay? Because a good dad does not send crack addicted young man to go overseas and fleece money from a bunch of countries, which you ironically have been put in charge of by the president of the United States at the time who happened to be Barack Obama. He pardoned his son because he knew his son was getting ready to do this. He's gonna, what are you gonna tell me right now? Gee, describe for the Spotify people at home at Apple, what you were talking about.


I'm flipping the middle finger because that's what Joe Biden was about to get from his kid. No. Yes. What's that? I'm so proud people. Yes, thank I can read gee's mind. I know what Gee's gonna say for gee is always for Gee has this audio. I love our audio only audience. Gee is like super loyal to them. Explain here. There are two middle fingers up and they're both mine. That's what Hunter Biden was about to do to pop Dukes folks. I got, I I've always been honest about my sources. Yes, Justin, the big guy was about to get the big Woohoo right up the kabuki. Okay, I've always been honest about my sources, have I not here?


Here's Unself praise, okay? I didn't have the best sources on the Kamala Harris team. I didn't. I got damn good ones on the Biden team. Oh, trust your boy D Bos. They, I've been saying this forever. Hunter Biden's lawyer has been quietly threatening dad the entire time. You give us a pardon or we're about to lay waste to you in a book, in testimony, whatever we gotta do. And I'll bet they went down to vacation time over Thanksgiving and he was the Thanksgiving table. Hey dad. Hey son. Do you have any crack? I don't have any crack here, but there may be some cocaine in the White House. We might ask the secret service for that sample bag. Oh my gosh, You know this might come up.


By the way, dad, if I write a book about drugs and Ukraine and stuff like that and You know you were the vice president and here's dad. Oh shit, maybe we should do something about that. That was the conversation on Thanksgiving. No one was giving thanks but there was a lot of giving, giving this the double barrelled right up the caboose. This guy was screwed. It's true. This guy was screwed. There was a Proctology exam coming for this guy. This dude was screwed. Joe Biden is in a lurch because the kid had nothing left to lose.


The trial was over. He was getting ready to get sentenced. Was he gonna get jail time? I don't know. Maybe, maybe not. Maybe a week, maybe a day, maybe nothing. He did not want to be Hunter Biden. That is a convicted felon. He's like, get to the elements. No, no. I'm telling you Joe Biden was screwed. They were afraid of Biden getting roped in on a Fara charge. How many times I gotta say this Foreign Agent Registration Act. It is against the law to lobby on behalf of a foreign government at in violation of US law IE taking bribes and trading in national security information.


Here's what happened, folks. Forget everything you've heard in the past. I've written books on this sucker. I have zero doubt in my mind based on the evidence that in my humble opinion, Joe Biden was giving his son classified information on the countries in his portfolio as vice president, which the family was using to then get money as a consultant on those on foreign deals so that they had inside info from the vice president. I've seen the evidence, it's gonna be hard to convince me otherwise. And Joe Biden had almost as much if not more liability than, than a hunter folks.


Of course they lied about it. That's all the bidens do. The family's garbage. They're just garbage people. And by the way, you think Hunter Biden? Hunter Biden, I'm telling you right now isn't even the most messed up one in that family. Wait till This isn f I'm the next secret service director. I'm just telling you now, whatever it is, I'm gonna be pushing you on this cocaine thing because You know. You guys know who you've narrowed it down You know who it is. And you think Hunter Biden's the, he ain't even the worst one in this crew. This family is gross. They are nasty. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre lying over and over and over. 'cause that's all they do.


The worst freaking press secretary in the history of the United States. She should only be remembered for this montage. I think this is Maize Moore. If it's not, we love Maize Moore, M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E. Follow him on X. That count is really awesome for video. Here's Corin Jean Pierre. This should be the only thing she's ever remembered for. Check this out, But from a presidential perspective, is there any possibility that the president would end up pardoning his son? No. And the president would not pardon or commute the sentences for his son, hunter. I just wanna make sure that that is not going to change over the next six months. The president's say would Not it's it's still, it's still a no, it's still a no. It will always Be A no.


It's still a no. It will be a no it it is a no and I don't have anything else to add. Will he Pardon his son? No. His son Hunter is also up for being sentenced next month. Does the president have any intention of pardoning him? We, we've been asked that question multiple times. Our answer stands, which is no. President Biden says that he's not gonna pardon his son, hunter. Is he gonna ask Donald Trump to do that? I don't have anything else to share about that. I'm not gonna get, go down a rabbit hole on this. I've been very clear. The president's been very clear when we've been asked this question. Oh, does she should never be remembered for anything else.


That was at Tim runs his mouth on X by the way, not me. But, we love, we have a lot of stuff from me, so they're all good. Make sure you follow All these accounts are great for video folks. The woman is a disgrace to the podium. Now you may be saying, well Dan, she was lied to by Joe Biden. Folks, if this woman isn't smart enough to realize she's getting smoked up, then how is she smart enough to represent the United States? Remember, she's paid by the taxpayers working in a taxpayer funded building to advance the message of the president of the United States. Not the president of the Democrat Party. The woman's a disgrace. If Kareem Jean Pierre had any human dignity at all.


Folks in the chat, did we break the chatter? What that no, what? What should she do today? She should resign today. Today there is zero doubt she should resign today and preserve some shred of human dignity. Because we are having problems with Rumble, Right? No. Okay. It's just my phone. Yeah, I gotta put my, there we go. Resign today. Resign today. Show America, please. What? Can we get the socks up again because this woman sucks so bad. Like just show America. You have some shred of backbone and today say, I refuse. I'm not doing that again.


Of course. That core performance, the hack goon disgusting, filthy enemies of freedom and liberty. The modern, disgusting, filthy liberal media have to make this story about what? What happens every time there is a Democrat scandal. The media can't explain away the story becomes a Republicans pounce story every single time. What's a Republicans pounce story? Because the media cannot explain away Democrat disgusting, filthy, communist, authoritarian filth, bad grotes behavior.


They make the story about not the scandal but the Republican reaction to it. Sometimes they actually write Republicans pounce. He's like, I got an example. No. Yes we do. Politico Republicans pounce on Biden pardoning his son Hunter. Notice the story isn't about what the Democrats did. These scumbags, the story's about the Republican reaction. This is who bullshit echo is. This is why nobody takes these idiots. Seriously. It's why according to that Pew survey or whatever it was, Gallup, 31% of Americans only trust the mainstream media. Meaning seven out of 10 think you guys suck.


It's because you do suck. Here's at the Tous. Tony Kinnan a great tweet. Here are just some of the Biden lies that the media is covered for every single time because they're disgusting filth. Just like the garbage Biden family filth. It's transitory inflation. Nope. Afghanistan was a success. Really? The border is secure. That's a good one. Robert Hur lied. Biden is just fine. Remember special counsel? Sure. Remember the videos of Biden disappearing off camera. Oh, those are cheap fakes. They weren't Biden had jet lag.


No, he's got a cognitive disorder. Biden had a cold. No, he's got a cognitive disorder. Biden isn't gonna be replaced. He was Biden isn't gonna pardon Hunter. He did. By the way, the list goes on and on. People have responded to this tweet and you should retweet it. I did. It's a good one. And people have added to a series of other Biden lies. He traveled on the Tibetan plateau with Xi Jinping. He grew up in the Puerto Rican black, the Jewish community, the Greek community, the Italian community. He attended a A church in a A church on Sunday.


The temple on Saturday. Then he went to the what? Islamic. He met with the Imam and the, he was a civil rights activist. He finished first in his class. He was the outstanding student. He was a Letterman. The guy was Jerry Rice in the NFL before Jerry Rice Jerry, this guy's full of shit man. He's full of shit. Oh he's leaving. What's the big deal? It is a big deal. It is a big deal. 'cause the story's not about disgusting. Filthy Biden and his filthy disgusting family You know what the story's about. The media coverup of this freaking crime family that's allowed them for decades to give you the double barrel middle finger.


The taxpayer. You were paying these idiots. Yeah, the Biden family. You were getting rich off these life losers. Now I do wanna throw this curve ball in there. The Biden family is not out of the woods yet. There's zero question Hunter Biden is gonna get hauled in front of Congress at some point. And now the fact that he has been pardoned in one of the most, if not the most expansive pardon in modern American history for crimes, federal crimes. Remember you can't pardon for state crimes. So if Hunter Biden were to get charged by a state, there's absolutely nothing Biden can do.


There's nothing Trump could do either when he read that you can only pardon for federal crimes the governors have but for federal crimes, that's it. The President You know that. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound like an asshole here, but you guys get that. Here's the problem they have now that he can't possibly incriminate himself for federal crimes that he has been pardoned on. If he's hauled in front of Congress. Ladies and gentlemen, they got a legit case here to compel testimony. Now I have zero doubt Hunter Biden's gonna give them the middle finger and say, I'm not saying nothing about nothing. But then they should look at investigating him for ignoring this congressional subpoena.


He's gonna say, I'm not showing up. And here's another problem. If he doesn't tell the truth and decides to testify and he lies, he can still be charged with perjury. Here's a hat tip. Tom Elliot over at Arabian great site. Here is a compilation, by the way I told you this was a media story of the media filth and garbage that have protected this crime family at your expense for decades now, pretending these people were above it. Oh, look how gregarious and morally upstanding Joe Biden is. He's not gonna pardon his son.


Go back and look at my show. I am not wasting your freaking time. I told you there is zero chance Hunter Biden doesn't get a pardon 'cause they've got to protect dad no matter what. And now it's happened. You listen to these media idiots, they're wrong again. Their batting average is zero. We're hitting a thousand. Check this out. Presidential promise to put the law before a family I said, I abide by the jury decision. I'll do that and I'll not pardon Him. Letting the world know that he will not wipe away the decision of 12 of his son's peers Was asked directly and he has said he wouldn't pardon his son if he gets convicted. Wouldn't. Let's wait to see what happens if he loses.


Yeah, but I mean But, he said It. He's gonna get pardoned by his dad. There's no question about that. The President has ruled out pardoning his son, Major commitment from the president, accepting the outcome of the trial and also pledging not to pardon his son. So the challenge for him is really to continue to live up to his values when it was really personal and he did that today. It seems like a pretty normal straightforward answer, but it does. It it it takes new weight. When we see what Trump is saying about the outcome of his trial, what we're hearing from other Republicans who say they don't accept the jury's verdict here in New York, the contrast is profound. To sit there and say, well I'm not gonna intervene in the legal process and I wouldn't pardon my son. One side Democrats and Joe Biden protecting the justice system and on the other Republicans and Trump protecting Trump.


Oh my gosh, how much more do can you liberal idiots take? Justin's still in school. Justin's like 17. Okay. He's like in entering his freshman year in college. Justin it Justin goes to poor guy. I'm kidding. He's like, Justin's like 25 or something. Imagine going to a class A biology class where every single thing the professor tells you is wrong. Would you waste your money on the class? Would you waste your money on the class? Maybe but not my time. If they not your maybe money, but definitely right? Maybe if described mammals as lizards or you would be like, I'm outta here.


Everything these idiots tell you is wrong. Batting average on our show, 1000 told you they were gonna pardon this guy. You did. Balls that been pitch you I I these. That's so correct. Justin's like you, you, you've already hit a home run. They haven't even pitched a freaking ball. I'm not wasting your time. I love you guys too much.


Hey, the world's on edge right now. This year we've seen the media stoke animosity, the point of violence, the weaponization of our legal system and political instability. We have no idea what's coming next. Why I train with I Target Pro. It's a great system. They've been with me forever. Using a laser round and an app you can practice safely with your actual weapon and the privacy and convenience of your own home. I Targett Pro comes at most calibers from nine millimeter. 2, 2, 3. So you can train with almost any firearm. That's why competitive shooters, me, military folks, police officers, they rely on dry fire drills as part of their regular training. I like it 'cause I wanna work on my site picture, my grip, my site alignment. These are all important characteristics. You gotta be good with your firearm. Not only that, I target Pro saves you a ton of money on ammos ammo and range fees, allowing you to practice anytime you want and more efficiently. Go to train with bonino.com and save 10% plus get free shipping on your I Targett Pro system. Don't be fooled by knockoffs. Get the original dry fire training system@trainwithbonino.com. Train safe. Train smart train with i targett website train with bonino.com. That's train with bonino.com. Great product. I target pro. Check 'em out. Thank you.


Okay, back to the show. All the right people are really pissed off about this whole thing, by the way, with Kash Patel coming up, including Andy Weisman and others. But before we're done, I just wanna play for you a clip again of how these people are always wrong on everything. If you are listening to Andrew McCabe, Jim Comey, Andrew Weissman, Chuck Todd, Brian Stelter, Rachel Maddow, Natasha Bertran, all of these losers who have been on the wrong side of everything. The laptop, the intel officials, Spygate, collusion, the pardon, why do you keep listening to these idiots?


Here's Andrew Weissman, another human filth pile who used to work at the DOJ and was knee deep in the spying scandal on Donald Trump and the collusion hoax. Here he is vouching for Biden. Oh, look how great he is. He's not gonna pardon his son. These guys are a gift to us. 'cause all we gotta do is play their own stupidity back for them. Them check this out. What is before us is a president who is living the rule of law. He is living it in the most, in the most personal way. He's not pardoning his son, which he could do. These are federal charges. He is not doing that.


He's not doing it because he is living what it means to have a rule of law in this country. That was our friend Maze. I. I. Don't I I. Listen, I I need your help. This isn, spit it out. Dan This. isn. Not this, I don't even know what to tell like I can, I, I, I I. Really? How many times are we gonna have this conversation? How is it if you were a dumb ass liberal, how are you still watching these morons? Are they gonna get anything right? Like ever about anything? Can folks in the chat one thing, tell me one major story in the Trump era from 2015 on, tell me one major story.


The mainstream media got right please. I I'll wait. Go ahead. Fire away in the chat. I'm looking forward to it. You can't because there isn't one. Why are you wasting your time? I love it. The Washington Post reaches out to me. Dan, how is your, I'm not kidding. Like how is your show so big? Is this a blind spot for us? How are you beating these mainstream media outlets be because we tell the truth because these dip shits can't get anything right? Man, I, it's frustrating. This is actually good news though because it gives us more material. When Cash Patel, John Ratcliffe and Tulsi Gabbard get there in the intelligence law enforcement community, F-B-I-D-N-I-C-I-A.


When they get in there, I want all these books opened up. Now you may be saying right now the paper shredders are working over overtime at the FBI and elsewhere. Folks, you're probably right. You're probably correct. They are probably desperately trying to hide bodies right now. They're doing the Joe Pesci, Bobby De Niro, Goodfellas trying to hide Billy bats and bury him in the woods. I have zero doubt that's happening, but they're not gonna be able to get rid of all of it because the email trial, I'm sure people have saved stuff. I'm sure of it. You know Trump the true social post. This came out some great news. Donald Trump's proud to announce Cash Patel will serve as the next director of the FBI.


Now keep in mind Christopher Ray's term runs till 2027. It's a 10 year term. He is the current train wreck of an FBI director in there right now. So one of two things has to happen. Christopher Ray has to resign, which he said he's not going to or he has to be fired, which I assume Donald Trump is going to do. And I Hope day one, Christopher A is a complete absolute disaster and a train wreck. I wanted cash Patel, he's going to be fantastic. I've known cash for a long time. I know he knows where the bodies are buried and you would know absolutely nothing about Spygate or collusion if it wasn't for what he and Devin Nunes and the rest of that team did.


Now I, what do I always say? Measure the impact of a political decision. In other words, how effective your tactics are by the response of your enemy. If you hear nothing from the Democrats, they generally don't feel threatened. The fact that they lost their over cash Patel this weekend, I mean lost it. I could play clips all day over. Kash Patel going to run the FBI tells you everything you need to know and imagine CNN now, CNN, which has been wrong on everything. The laptop, the pardon, Spygate collusion, everything. Everything. Your CNN, you've been on the wrong side of everything. You bring on Andrew McCabe a a disgusting piece of human garbage who was the acting director and deputy director of the FBI while this entire targeting scandal and Donald Trump went on.


He's involved in this entire thing from top to bottom. Andrew McCabe, he has had all kinds of legal issues because of it. And you bring this idiot on to comment on Cash Patel reforming the FBI. This segment actually happened. Check this out. Is the Andrew McCabe? Yeah, McCabe Andrew, I just wanna start first with you and just get your reaction to this news tonight. Yeah, well it's, it's a terrible development for the men and women of the FBI and also for the nation that depends on a highly functioning professional, independent federal bureau of investigation.


The fact that Cash Patel is profoundly unqualified for this job is not even like a matter for debate. So I think what we should, what we should really be thinking about right now is what does this signal in terms of Donald Trump's intent for the FBI? This guy is human garbage at Andrew McCabe. You understand? This guy was at the top ranks of the FBI and was knee deep in the whole collusion, hoax and spying scandal. They actually have this guy on as a subject matter expert. Folks in the Chad, what's McCabe afraid of? Fire away.


Fire away, would it? McCabe? Yes. Beauty on duty in the chat. McCabe is terrified. You're damn right. McCabe and MCC cast is unqualified prosecutor, department of Defense, high ranking official guy's knee deep injustice issues worked on the congressional side. You know what Andy McCabe's qualifications are. His wife is a doctor. Andrew McCabe, according to a high ranking source of mine, was never ever a good quality FBI agent my source. My source tells me that he was quote a briefer that all he was good at was getting up in front of the room and talking a lot of smack.


This guy Andrew McCabe, is commenting on the qualifications of Cash. Patel, you have got to be kidding me. Why is he freaking out about Cash Patel? Folks, you gotta see this clip coming up next. And by the way, everyone's saying cash is gonna have a tough time getting through the Senate. Listen guys, in the Senate, in the Republican side, it's put your egos aside. This is not a threat. I'm not here to threaten anybody. I'm a political commentator advancing a political cause. So sit down and stop the whining, okay, to the rhinos in the Senate. The good guys, we love you right To the rhinos in the Senate, oh, we don't wanna be told due to no one's telling you anything.


I have an audience on a political show and it's the biggest one out there and I'm telling you right now is the Republic. You guys are supposed to represent us. You've already shit canned Matt Gaetz. You guys mess with this guy and senate confirmation. I'm telling you right now between my show Elon Musk and the Twitter warriors out there, I'm telling you right now, there will be political, political ramifications. You can ignore us all you want. Oh, we don't need you guys. No, you do need us and we need you to, and you better come through for cash. There is zero reason not to confirm him lickety split. Once Christopher Ray is gone, I'll play for you a clip coming up next of why Andrew McCabe and Deep Staters are freaking out about cash.


Going and opening up the books at the FBI.


Nothing delivers comfort and joy. Quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. We're an Omaha Steaks household because they are can't be matched. Every single bite is absolutely delicious. They make unforgettable gifts with 50% off. Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com plus score an extra $30 off with promo code bonito the food is delicious. With generations of experience, they consistently deliver the world's best steak experience at a couple this weekend and the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks have made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring gourmet favorites. Paul and I send Omaha Steaks all the time to family and friends for the holidays. We are stocking up ourselves for all the entertaining we have planned between my birthday. It's gonna be a huge event, Justin, is it not? Yes, it will. There will be a lot of food consumed at the Bongino house and we will be ready from their legendary stakes to their perfectly sized desserts. Say 50% off Sitewide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code Bon gto. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com and an extra $30 off with promo code bonino minimum purchase may apply.


And our last sponsor today is Jace. JASE. It's been a tough year for a lot of us. Hurricanes emergencies. They wreak havoc on our lives. We've seen these disasters all over the country. You have got to be prepared. You're only a few minutes away from an emergency. The thing about an emergency it hits when no one's looking. That's why it's an emergency. You've got to have vital medications on hand. That's where the JCE case comes in. So go today to jce.com. JASE enter code bonino at checkout for a discount on your order. The JCE case is a personalized emergency kit. It has essential antibiotics and medications you need to have on hand anytime, but especially during disasters, from antibiotics to EpiPens and more. JCE will provide a kit of essentials you need. All it takes to get a jce case is to visit jce.com. Fill out a simple online form, review the terms, and as soon as Jace Medical has a physician evaluate your request, the JCE case could be on its way to you. Go to jse.com. Enter code bonino at checkout for a discount on your order. That's promo code B-O-N-G-I-N o@jse.com. Jace, Medical and product show not intended. As a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice, consult with your healthcare provider.


Thank you J. Here is why they are afraid of cash. Patel Cash did stints at the Department of Defense and in the director, the DNI, the directorate of National Intelligence Office. And he went in there and cash said, what the hell do you guys do in here besides causing trouble for everyday Americans? I'm not really sure what's going on over here. They don't like that. Follow the money folks. This is about jobs. This is about billets and this is about money and nobody wants their job going away. Don't make this over complicated and cash Patel knows there's a lot of waste in here. Check this out. Then We need to decrease what I call government creep with personnel.


The FBI's footprint has gotten so fricking big and the biggest problem the FBI has had has come out of its intel shops. I'd break that component out of it. I'd shut down the FB I Hoover building on day one and reopening the next day as a Museum of the Deep State. And I take the 7,000 employees that work in that building and send them across America to chase down criminals. Go be cops. Your cops go be cops. Go chase down murderers and rapists and drug dealers and violent offenders. What do you need 7,000 people there for? Same thing with DOJ. What are all these people doing here looking for their next government promotion, looking for their next fancy government title, looking for their parachute outta government.


So while you're bringing in the right people, you also have to shrink government. So a massive government reform. Yeah, you gotta work with Congress to eliminate the billets. This is one of the things we did when I was Deputy DNI. We got to DNI and I was like, okay, what do all these people do? We've got the cia. So why do I have analysts doing the CIA's job here? Why do I have a floor of them? Like give me a a good answer. I, I, I, I don't know everything. I don't know a lot, but if you can give me an answer that satisfies their existence, I'm all in. Well, we just have our own people. Okay, well now we don't. We went to Congress and zeroed out a bunch of bullets and they hated us for it. Why? Why Would Congress hate you for that?


Not Congress. The the public Congress is like, great, you saved us money. You're the only agency that returned money this year. 'cause we didn't spend our entire budget. We were literally funding seats with no humans in them. Folks, that is a hugely important clip He addressed. The reason I didn't focus on the FBI's mission creep into GA intelligence gathering on American citizens, which he indicates the problem is 'cause I covered that last week with cash, so I don't wanna redo that, but I wanted to play the whole clip in context so I can't be accused of falsely editing it. That leads into the second part where he, he's implying, and I believe he's right, that funding these extra seats of people who are just redundant where we have other people doing the exact same thing, gives 'em a whole bunch of spare time to do things like target American citizens and their intelligence work when they should be targeting terrorists.


That is a hugely important clip. This guy absolutely gets it. I am not telling you this because I've known him for a while. We don't have coffee every weekend. I know him as well as I know anyone else. Apologizes. I'm telling you this because early on when the Spygate thing was going on, he's one of the guys who was like, dude, you're onto something. Keep going. We see it too. He knew and he put it out. We were putting it out as it was coming in. Here's now this guy, Mike Waller, I'm about to play. I'm playing this clip for a reason. This is one of those congressman guys who's like a really establishment guy. He's in a swingy district, tries not to say anything controversial.


I'm putting this out there because there's this Twitter thing going on. Oh, cash is gonna have confirmation problems. He better not. And I don't know where they're getting that from. Again, this guy's a pretty establishment guy. This, isn, Republican congressman. I'm only playing it because he seems pretty confident that cash should be okay and he fights back on, I think it's cn, is it CN? Yeah, CNN. He fights back. If this guy's saying this, you can be reasonably confident that the establishment people are kinda like, Hey, this isn't worth the fight. Let's get him to, we'll see what happens and our eyeballs are on it, but this is an important clip to see what the other side of our movement's doing. We have our side and then the establishment side.


We gotta be a step ahead of him. Watch this. Donald Trump campaigned on reforming the FBI and the Department of Justice. So I don't know why any of this is frankly surprising to people. President Trump has nominated in Kash Patel, someone who served as chief of staff at the Department of Defense, someone who served as deputy director of the NSI, someone who served as a senior staffer on the House Intelligence Committee. He was a federal prosecutor under the Obama administration and so certainly has a requisite experience for this role. I think there's no question, president Trump made very clear that the Department of Justice and the FBI would be reformed if he was elected to a second term.


And I think obviously with the selection of Pam Bondi and Kash Patel, that's exactly what he's going to do. It's a hugely important clip. I I can't emphasize this enough. This guy's not my bag of donuts. He's definitely not a MAGA guy or a tea party guy or a libertarian guy or a conservative guy. He's always been kind of a centrist establishment. You know swampy guy on stuff. But I put it out there because if he's saying that he's not saying it by accident. He's now on the record on CNN how? On the record, we're playing it on our show on freaking Monday. Now it's part of the record. It's not gonna go away. So he must know something, but it's on us to keep the squeeze on.


We're not threatening anybody. I love these, these centers. Oh my gosh, what I do our own thing. It's not about you doing your own thing, it's about you exercising the will of the people in a representative democracy. You screwed us already on the gates thing. We don't want gates. Okay, you took your scalp. Fine. Now we, I we, it's not fine with me, but it's not much we can do about it. Now we dropped out. You don't we're we're not, by the way, we're not gonna forget what happened with that, especially with the Utah guy. But it's time to get these people through enough bullshit, man. Here's another reason they're freaking out about cash. Have you seen this clip by the way?


That was from the Sean Ryan show before with cash. This is from the Tim Pool Show. Proper credit here. Cash was on with Tim Pool a while ago. I want you to listen to this clip and I'm gonna play the clip he's talking about afterwards of Ted Cruz Cash knows that there was something up with January 6th and something big. The federal footprint on the January 6th insurrection with air quotes right, is one of the biggest scandals in American history between what happened at the Capitol and the pipe bomb incident at the DNC Cash absolutely knows something's up. I want you to listen to him on Tim Pool and I'm gonna play the clip he's talking about afterwards.


This isn. Another reason they're freaked out, watch this. There's a video showing a guy with an earpiece pulling people into the building. All right? You combine that with the evidence of Ra Epps and it looks like you have a preponderance of evidence suggesting there may have been federal law enforcement involved in making that thing happen. I'll get you beyond a reasonable doubt. Alright? Two pieces of information. Ray Epps was on FBI's most wanted list one day and the next day he was off of the FBI's most wanted list. There are only two ways that happens. You die or your informant put that aside. Under congressional testimony, Jill Sandborn, who I used to work with, the head of the FB I counterintelligence division in charge of all these investigations, testified under oath when Senator Cruz asked her spent flat out were their federal agents involved with January 6th And she said, quote Senator, I can't answer that at this time.


Not if the answer was definitively no. Having been A-D-O-J-F-B-I guy myself, she would've gone there and said, Nope, absolutely not. The reason she said I can't answer that is because of the same stonewalling they gave us during Ruster Gate with Christopher Steele, Halpert and everybody else. It's the same narrative and I'm telling you they were there. But you're, you're so you're saying that she said I can't answer that because the answer is yes. Yeah, and that would compromise whatever their Operation was. Exactly. Folks, I have always given you the straight scoop. Okay? When I get information and a source says you can run with it, you can't keep sources in a body of 'em and do investigative reporting. If a source says, don't say anything yet, I'm not ready to put it out.


And you go on the air and you basically screw the source over because, sorry Justin, if this sounds dumb, just stopping. Here's how this works. Sources are working, other sources. So if you go out and put out information when a source says, don't say anything yet, here's what I'm working on, then the source who got the information from the source, the original source says, how did that shit get out on the damn Barito show? You have to put it out when the guy or the woman tells you, I have a data set, it's good to go. Do you get what I'm saying? I've always disclosed to you a full data set in context.


I'm telling you the feds are knee deep in January 6th and the pipe bombing incident. Let me tell you again before I play a Ted Cruz clip, a fed friend of mine who is an actual federal agent, okay? Was there he is one of the good guys because he's been feeding me information for a really long time, including pictures and everything else. He was there on January 6th with the whole pipe bombing insurrection incident. And he had told me with actual photos that there were a boatload of feds there. So why won't they answer the question?


Because they don't want you to know who they are. 'cause once you find out who they are, you're gonna find out who was working with who. And by the way, don't assume everybody was an FBI agent. There were agents there no doubt on January 6th, zero doubt and a good handful or more of 'em. There were a lot who were the assets who was working with the federal agents? They weren't agents themselves, but were working with the FBI. That's the question. That's the question. I don't have the full data set on yet. He was also there when the pipe bomb thing happened and days later they told him to stand down, quote mysteriously, this is bullshit and everybody knows it and cash knows it too.


Here's Ted Cruz talking to the FBI official and watch how freaky geeky douchey gets when he asks a simple question. How many federal agents were at the scene? It's not a hard question to answer. Check this out. How many FBI agents or confidential informants actively participated in the events of January 6th? Sir, I'm sure you can appreciate that. I can't go into the specifics of sources and methods. Did any FBI agents or confidential informants actively participate in the events of January 6th? Yes or no? Sixth, yes or no, Sir? I can't. I can't answer that.


Did any FBI agents or confidential informants commit crimes of violence on January 6th? Sixth? I can't answer that, sir. Did any FBI agents or FBI informants actively encourage and incite crimes of violence on January 6th? Sixth? Sir, I can't answer that. Okay. That's not GUI and screwing up the audio. That's the lady getting feedback on her own system. She's at FBI headquarters. Why can't you answer it? You I I. Just wanna be clear, the FBI and the deep state DOJ that's been trying to sabotage us, the MAGA movement and Donald Trump since 2015, that same FBI has told us that this insurrection was one of the worst instances of civil disturbance since the Civil War.


And yet you can't say to us, Hey listen, we had this many feds there and they saw them. Why not if they witnessed crimes, folks, listen. I worked as a 1811 GS 1811 for years working criminal cases in the government. You, you are obligated in court at some point not to disclose the identity, but the information at least about what a CI or someone else said. You can't just say, Hey, someone told us something. You have to show that the ci, the confidential informant or CHS confidential human source has been used before, given reliable information or has been used the first time and the information they gave, you've been verified.


You can't just say, Hey, these people did some stuff. This is a huge scam. This entire January 6th narrative you've been told is absolute bullshit. The whole thing, it's a political ploy to keep the threat to democracy narrative alive because it's all they have to distract you. And now you see the real threat to democracy with this ridiculous pardon he lied about forever. Doesn't come from us. It comes from them. The left Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and the Obama crew the entire time.


Folks, we have got to break up this deep state cartel or we are never going to recover as a country. These people have been driving this country into the ground for decades now. Intel officials, government bureaucrats, elected officials, NGOs, lobbyists, insiders, billionaires. I'm not knocking 'em for their capitalist endeavors. I'm talking about the Soros types that use their money to give you the double barrel middle finger and screw this country over. How much more evidence can you possibly need than this thing Hat tip Jerry Dunley, if you put this tweet up, You know General Michael Hayden.


Again, human garbage. He's the former C-I-D-C-I-A director, general Hayden You. know this guy You know what he also signed. Yeah. Quote the Bullshit Hunter Biden laptop letter. Look what this guy shares. This guy was running the CIA. He shares this tweet. The whites house. The white's house implying some type of racial motive for Trump. Appointing Cash Patel, who we all know is very white Cash Patel. Do You know that Justin very white Cash Patel? He is. He's a white, he's a, what's the category that white Hispanic?


Is he a white Indian man? Is that how that works? Is that when you wanna characterize people according to your little racial identity politics, shitty boxes you put together, he's a white adjacent. White adjacent. Thank you. Gee, I forgot the term. Cass is definitely white adjacent S He says he put Heiser justice. It's sympathizer. This is a, this guy was the director of the ccia. Tell me again. The deep state isn't real. And folks, this is an article in the newsletter today. This is super important by the great Miranda Divine. I need you to pay attention to this piece. bonino.com/newsletter. The newsletter's free.


You need to read this piece. 'cause if you wanna understand what happened and what's going on with the Biden crime family and what I told you in the beginning to tie the show together, they are not protecting Hunter Biden, the Biden crime family and the Pardons I promise you they are protecting Joe and Obama. They are protecting Joe and Obama. Why do you think Joe Biden's, pardon? Went back to 2014, who was the vice president and president 2014? Yes, Joe Biden and Barack Obama.


Obama appoints Joe Biden as the point man on Ukraine. All of a sudden sensitive information starts making its way through the Biden crime family to the Ukrainians. While money makes its way from the Ukrainians to the Biden crime family. You think it's a coincidence? Do you remember this story in the New York Post about the FBI remember the informant they had who said, Hey listen, there's money going to the Biden crime family, and the informant found himself locked up. Here's the story, quote. The FBI and DOJ is politically motivated persecution of a former informant, all to protect the Bidens.


Miranda Divine Notes. One of the most disturbing scandals of the Hunter Biden saga is the imprisonment without trial of a former FBI informant. Remember the names folks? Alexander Smirnoff. They note that he once told his FBI handler. This guy was a paid source. He told his FBI handler about Ukrainian claims of a $10 million bribe to the Bidens money Ukraine Biden's and has been languishing in prison for nine months on charges. He lied to the FB I I believe fake charges last week.


Oh, this is coincidental. Federal prosecutors slapped new tax of agent charges on Smirnoff, which suggests they know their original indictment is too weak for a jury to convict him when he faces trial beginning on January 8th, president Trump, or soon to be President Trump. President-elect Trump right now. I am begging you as a friend, man. You need to pardon this guy and we need to get everything from this guy Smirnoff. Was his information about the 10 million bribe accurate or was it hearsay from someone else? I don't know.


But, we, there's only one way to find out and that's to bust him outta prison on this fake charge with a pardon and get this guy to talk. 'cause I'm telling you, the Bidens are doing everything they can right now to brush over their footprint so no one can track 'em through the woods. Folks, if we can't crack up this deep state and start putting people in jail for crimes, I'm not suggesting we make 'em up like the Biden team, then our whole movement is freaking useless. This deep state cartel has had their boots on our neck forever. Folks, wait, listen to me here. This is important.


I'm gonna play this next clip for you from Rogan's show in a second that you need to hear too. This deep state cartel has been been us over for too long. Now we have two years to fix this. Two years, no. Damn, we have four. No, we don't. We actually have closer to a year because what happens after the first year is the senators a third of the class and the entire House of Representatives is again up for election in the midterms in two years. The dues, when do they start campaigning a year from now? And that's all they care about. We have a year to get this done. It is not a lot of time, but it's doable.


There's no time for bs. We have got to break this thing up or we are never going to escape from this boot on our neck. You can vote your way into socialism, but you sure as hell can't vote your way out. We have one year, mark Andreessen was on Joe Rogan's show. Andreessen dropped some absolute bombshells folks, it was one of the most amazing interviews I've heard in a long time. And he was talking about this phenomena. This is why I started parallel economy.com. If, if you're interested in that, You know we, we, it's an alternative to Stripe, but this is one of the reasons I did it, folks de banking and the war on the financial system. By the way, this is why lefties hate Bitcoin and can't stand it because they wanna make sure everything is run by the government.


So the government can use the financial system just like Biden uses the DOJ as a weapon against you. The government may have a constitutional limit on what they can do to limit your free speech, but they worked their way around it by using the financial system and social media to do the dirty work for 'em. Listen to this clip that went viral by Andreessen talking about Deking. Was this you? 'cause I know a lot of friends this happened to check this out. De banking is when you, you as either a person or your company, are literally kicked outta the banking system like They did to Kanye Exactly like they did to Kanye. My, my, my partner Ben's father has been de banked really? We had an employee who for what we, for having the wrong politics for, for saying unacceptable things under current banking regulations.


Under, okay, here's a great, here's a great thing. Under current banking regulations, after all the reforms of the last 20 years, there's now a category called a politically exposed person. pep. And if you are a pep you're required by financial regulators to kick them off of your, of, to kick them out of your bank, what you're not allowed to have. What if you're politically on the left? Well, that's fine. No, because they're, because they're not politically exposed. So no one on the left gets Deb Banked. I. I have not heard of a single instance of anybody on the left getting Deb banked. Could you? Financial warfare. Financial warfare against the Mid American citizens. The government has a cannot. They've done it. I get it. I understand they have done it, but they are not supposed to do it.


The Constitution is supposed to protect your right to a political opinion free of government interference. So what our, what the scum in the deep state have done is they've deputized social media companies in the banking system to do the speech suppression for them. Folks, we've got a year to clean this mess up. And one of the first things should that should be done is a law protecting the financial system against this kind of government defacto deputized interference in our lives. We have one year and that's why they're freaking out about Cash. Patel folks, crazy good audience today, 175,000 559, 560.


Thank you. That person who just dropped in. We love you. Thank you for making us the number one political live stream in the world every single day. We appreciate it. Love you guys so much. Especially after Thanksgiving week. You mean the world to me. Thank you so much. Please download the Rumble app that way you get a notification every day. Join the stream. You can watch a show on demand. That's cool. But if you wanna watch it live, 11:00 AM every single day Eastern time, Rumble dot com slash bonino, just go to the Rumble app and we will knock that out live for you every day. Join the chat. We'd love to hear you guys, your guys' opinions. And please give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify as well. It means a lot to us. Helps us stay on the chart. That's why we ask The Dan Bongino Show.


Click that follow button, it's absolutely free. See you on the radio show on Rumble in a few minutes. And back here at 11:00 AM live tomorrow. You just heard The Dan, Bongino Show.