
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. This is gonna be one of those crazy news days. I don't have a lot of time, so when I get to a lot, I gotta pack a lot in this hour. Israel Hamas proposed deal. A little bit of a personal note, an interview today. Joe Biden's. Ridiculous speech last night. I'm Ron DeSantis announcement about the Senate seat. A ton to talk about. Bear with me. Big huge show today.


Hey, the Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the New Year's Beams Dream powder. Get up to 45% off for our limited time at shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout.


Big things happening right before we came on the air today. Bottom line, up front, governor Ron de Sanderson, Florida has announced that he will appoint to the vacated seat soon to be vacated. Seat of Senator Marco Rubio. Ashley Moody, the attorney General. Ladies and gentlemen, what's the golden rule on this? If you're gonna ask me in the chat, love you. You all are the best, but what do you think the answer is? I don't think anything. Why? Because I only care about outcomes. That's it. And there are no outcomes yet because she's not in office and hasn't voted on anything. Very nice lady. Met her a couple times. Don't care. I wanna care about outcomes. But a couple things about Florida politics that this is a lot of people aren't talking about


yet. Hey, I just got back from a holiday trip. You know what? We were prepared. Thankfully, with all our essential medications, thanks to All Family Pharmacy, they had us all ready to go. They make it easy to get lifesaving medications like Ivermectin antibiotics, hydroxychloroquine, blood pressure meds, you name it. No hassle, no red tape. When you qualify for a prescription, they deliver fast two to four days and even overnight. If it's urgent, you can stock up now. Be ready for anything including emergencies. Just visit all family pharma.com/bonino. All Family Pharmacy makes it simple. Customize your order or get a comprehensive package tailored to your needs. You don't need to see a doctor. They'll evaluate your request and provide the prescriptions that's right for you. It's healthcare works for you, not against you. Be proactive. Don't wait for an emergency. Here's what you need to do. Write this down. Go to all family pharma.com/bino. Order online. Use code bonino 10 for 10% off your entire order. Again, that's all family pharma.com/bonino code bonino for 10% off. Check them out. I just used them on a trip. Thankfully I had some medications. I told you I was sick overseas. All family pharma.com/bonino. They saved my butt. All family pharma products are not attended. Substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider,


right fellas, let's go. So just happened. Big news. Governor Ron DeSantis in Florida. Appoints Attorney General. Ashley Moody. Very nice lady. Met her a number of times. Very nice to me. Again, folks, it's not personal. Nobody cares. You don't have to be nice. I don't need you to be nice to me. I don't need you to like me. You can hate my guts if you vote conservative. I like your outcome. We're all about spreadsheets and outcomes, correct in the chat. Thank you. So assuming nothing happens with Senator Marcos, Senator Marco Rubio's confirmation, he has not resigned yet. He'll probably obviously wait till Monday. We will see Ashley Moody in that Senate seat. No reason to believe otherwise. We care about outcomes.


Having said that, scrap that for a second. Okay, great. Ashley Moody. Fantastic. This opens up a number of different things in Florida politics that affect the whole country. Number one is what does Matt Gaetz do? Matt Gaetz, former congressman, as you know, was the attorney general nominee stepped aside. Now, Pam Bondy, you know Matt Gaetz has political aspirations. He's talked about it. Does Matt Gaetz now run for governor or does Matt Gaetz now run for Attorney General, which is now gonna be vacated because Ashley Moody, the attorney general, will be the senator. One more thing. It's pretty obvious I think at this point. Congressman Byron Donalds and another MAGA guy along with Matt Gates, who's a MAGA guy, Congressman Byron Donalds is probably gonna run for governor.


I have no inside info on that. He did not tell me that. I like Congressman Donalds a lot. Does this now open up a path? Because Ashley Moody was saying, or let's say it, I should say, there were some rumors she was considering running for governor as well. So does that clear a path for Byron Donalds? I don't know. We'll see. Interesting. Just happened lot to get to. First, a big Thank you to my, my colleague here at Bonino inc. Bonino report, bonino.com, Avita Duffy for supporting her dad yesterday. A really wonderful picture there is right off the left shoulder of former congressman, hopefully now soon to be transportation Secretary Sean Duffy.


There is the entire family, Avita, who we absolutely love. She hosts our show here on rumble.com/bonino report. You'll see Avita right there with I believe her eight siblings and then is Michael. But yeah, there's Michael. Right off the right shoulder, there's the top of Michael's. Michael's like 72 feet tall, surprised you can't see him. And then obviously Rachel, Rachel Duffy, a Vita's mom and the host of Fox and Friends Weekend. So a wonderful family. Congratulations everybody in a chat. Give a shout out to Avita. There's Michael. Thank you for zooming in on the top of Michael's head. He always quas his hair nicely, so it's good we got that shot in. Sorry Michael. You'll be the subject of our, our commentary today, right?


He's got the best hair ever. Who knows how long it takes him in the morning. Works out for an hour. Does his hair for two, but it looks great. So There you go. Yes. So last night, Joe Biden, I'm gonna go into at length today. Joe Biden's, I promise you yesterday what he's doing out the door to burn the country to the freaking ground. I'm telling you, if you're interested in the fall of the Roman Empire, like I am fitting every conservative male stereotype, which is okay if you are interested. Study Comus, Caligula, and Nero. And you get Joe Biden. Take the worst of Comus, the worst of Nero and the worst impulses of Caligula.


And you have Joe Biden. He is like the negative super friends. He's like one of these guys. Every single thing that could go wrong, you have in Joe Biden. So he gives a speech going out the door. I'm only gonna play about 25 seconds of it. But I found this part to be both tragic and again, sadly comical. At the same time, Joe Biden and the Democrats who loved Silicon Valley, when they were all Democrat donors in sensory conservatives, they loved them. They gave these guys a free pass to do whatever they want. Now that Elon Musk, Zuckerberg, and Bezos are engaged in this road to Damascus conversion.


Elon not so much, but Zuckerberg and Bezos and others, or at least pretending to be, we don't know what's gonna happen in the long run, right? We'll have to see. Let's see what they do. Now all of a sudden, Joe Biden hates the quote tech industrial complex and he's concerned about money and politics. He just gave the presidential medical freedom, the George Soros, and he's concerned about money and politics. And you believe this tool. Check this out. You know, as farewell addressed, president Eisenhower spoke of the dangers of the military industrial complex. He warned us then about, and I quote, the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power.


End of quote, six days, six decades later. I'm equally concerned about the pen potential rise of a tech industrial complex that could pose real dangers for our country as well. Folks, is this guy for real? They, these guys were in bed having relations with tech companies as long as they made sure you didn't tell people masks didn't work for Covid, which they didn't work. It was like a condom that never, never failed in spreading an STD, the mask, the thing never worked. Everyone who wore a mask got covid. But if you told the truth about it, they censored you and they loved it. Now all of a sudden, Zuckerberg, we haven't even seen, you know, the long-term effects of these alleged changes.


Yet now you've got all these Google people who just aren't kissing the left's ass and now they're concerned about the tech industrial complex. You know what, you could take that and shove it up. You, I really, nobody believes you. You guys are ridiculous. You're a laughing stock. It's why you got your asses kicked in the last election. Stop the insanity, please. All right, moving on. I don that. That whole speech last night was a joke. Nobody watched it. I, I mean, for a presidential departure speech, you would think most of America would care, at least what he has to say. I've heard nobody talking about this at all, except people who are really knee deep in politics. It was an embarrassing, humiliating speech celebrating easily the worst presidency in modern American history.


That disgraceful, corrupt, sociopathic, Joe Biden. Folks, we don't do a lot of foreign policy on this show, but there's gonna be a lot of interest in this topic. Now, I'm gonna say in advance, as I've said often ladies and gentlemen, I am, I am as serious as a stroke about this. If you are one of these people, I know it's hard to look in the mirror that hates any ethnic group at all. Hispanics, blacks, Asians, Jews. I'm sorry, but you're not welcome here. Well, I'm not sorry, but you're not welcome here. You're not, you can watch the show. I can't stop. I'm just telling you, this isn't the, you're not gonna like my show 'cause we don't do that shit. It's not a virtue signal. It's just true. So if you're a Jew hater and the thing is like you just wanna hate the Jews of my, I'm not saying you don't have a reasonable objection to peace deals.


You don't like the Netanyahu government. You have objections to Israel policy. That is fine. We do free speech. I support a platform that supports all views on Rumble. I actually invest in it. Speak your turn. If your thing is I hate Jews and everything they do is wrong, you're not gonna like the show. The show's not for you. You don't have to announce your departure. It's not an airport. You can just go. You're not gonna like it. We're never gonna agree. Everybody cool with that? 'cause I don't wanna deal with 6,000 people in the chat. The Jews did it. The J I'm not interested in stupidity. Okay? If you replace that with any other ethnic group, you'd be horrified at your stupidity. Okay? So just stop. Foreign policy matters, whether it's Israel, Jordan, Ghana, South Africa, France, what happens overseas matters because we all live on the same rock.


Do we have to be involved in everything all the time? No, that's open for debate. But what happened and is still happening right now about this alleged deal, I say alleged deal because nothing's finalized. 'cause you're dealing with demon savages in Hamas and they keep changing the freaking deal. Two things can be true about this Israel Hamas deal, which the tenants of it as alleged are. There is going to be a prisoner exchange of Hamas demon savage pig terrorists for Israeli innocence who are taken hostages hostage. Gonna be about a hundred to to one it looks like at this point. Okay? Which I don't think is a great deal for obvious reasons.


There is no ceasefire in the deal, permanent ceasefire. I don't know who's telling you that, but that's not true. Okay? There is, however, a call to rebuild portions of Gaza, which there's always, of course, the worry that it's gonna, the money's gonna get into Amma's hands. So two things can be true about this deal. Number one, there's zero question. This deal doesn't happen without Donald Trump winning zero. I get it. I said it on the radio show yesterday. I'll say it again today. I cannot prove a counterfactual. In other words, I can't prove what would've happened if Trump lost because he won and Trump didn't lose. So we don't know. I can say however, with a reasonable degree of certainty based on what happened afterwards, that this deal does not happen without Donald Trump.


Okay? This is the two things. This is number one, but this is super important. Why would you say that Dan Receipts matter Because Trump won obviously after he won. I'll play it for you coming up. He made sure that Hamas knew that there would be hell to pay if they did not release the hostages. The same deal had been proposed by Joe Biden forever and nobody moved on anything until Trump won. So there's your receipts that there's an overwhelming probability. Number one, the deal doesn't happen without Trump. Number two, folks, this is not the greatest deal in the world. Why is it not a great deal? And I have President Trump coming up today on my radio show at 2:30 PM Eastern Time. You can Check it out on a station finder on bonino.com.


If you wanna just watch it on Rumble, you can. We'll leave the show live today so you can watch it here at two 30. I'm gonna ask President Trump about the deal. But the second point, I'm sorry, is this is not a great deal and it's not a great deal, not because of President Trump. It's not a great deal because Biden is a narcissist in how to make it about himself. He was squeezing Israel, making sure the Democrat party got some credit for a cease file deal, a ceasefire deal. And he was making sure, basically Hamas got everything they want. We would've gotten a 10 times better deal if they just would've waited the Israelis. Well you a good question in the chat. Many of you should ask, why didn't they wait? Because folks, these foreign countries, Israel, whoever did they have to deal with the Democrats and the Republicans?


So I'm sure a deal was cut that Biden wanted some credit. They didn't wanna alienate the Democrat party. I think it was a bad call. That's just my opinion. You're allowed to have your own here. You doubt me. I always bring the receipts. I'm gonna give you the most honest take on this deal you're ever gonna get. Okay? And I don't care who tells you otherwise. This is the truth 'cause we're gonna back it up. Here is about a 32nd clip of Biden that sums up this entire debacle yesterday of a deal. Here's Biden bragging about the deal and I want you to pay attention to a few things. First, we're gonna focus on three takeaways. I wrote all this down so I don't miss anything for you. He says here, Biden, that this deal is quote the exact framework he proposed in May.


I want you to notice he then says exact again. He says exact twice to make sure you know he's been proposing this since May. Now, why is this a cell phone, cell phone, not a cell phone, cell own? Because what Biden's telling you here is since May they've been ignoring him and then Trump won and now all of a sudden you have a deal. He doesn't even realize it because he's freaking stupid. Listen to yourself. Well, you know, this is the exact framework of the deal I proposed back in May exact and, and we got the world to endorse it. Secondly, it's America support for Israel that helped them badly weaken, amass, and as backers and create the conditions for this deal.


And thirdly, I knew this deal would have to be implemented by the next team. So I told my team to coordinate closely with the incoming team to make sure we're all speaking with the same voice. 'cause that's what American presidents do. Notice the narcissistic sociopathic piece of garbage, Joe Biden is Joe Biden has to make this crap deal about him. That's what I'm telling the Trump team. Let them take the credit for the crap portion of it. 'cause the only reason there is a crap portion of it is because Biden was negotiating for the terrorists. That's why. Well, you know the Exact framework.


This is the exact framework of the deal. I proposed back in May. Look, he says it again, Play it exact That he says it twice. He's gotta make it about him deal. I proposed back. It's not about a peace deal. It's not about a peace deal. You understand this. This is about Biden. Biden does not want to leave office without a a, a peace deal no matter how bad, because he doesn't wanna be Jimmy Carter during the Iran deal. I'll talk about that more in a second. Even the left wing media is acknowledging this is a serious problem. Now, he goes on to say in the second part of this, about 15 seconds in again, he makes it about him first.


The second part of this that thanks to America's support for Israel, they weaken Hamas. Folks, this is bullshit. Here's a CNN article himself. Biden says He'll stop sending bombs and artillery shells to Israel if it launches an invasion of Rafa, which was successful. Folks, you don't have to support that. It doesn't make you anti-Semitic if you don't support the invasion of Rafa. It doesn't. You are allowed to have an opinion. I'm allowed to have another opinion. That's the great part about this beautiful flourishing First Amendment in constitutional republic. I support the invasion of Rafa. I think we should kill the Hamas demon savages because they wanna kill us too. Why? Because I've been overseas in the Middle East many times and listen to briefings about them fucking wanting to kill us.


That's why. However, put the CNN headline up again, please. Sorry, this is bullshit. Look at the date. May of 2024. Since May I've been negotiating. Yes, you've been telling Israel to let the Hamas demon savages win and any, he has the balls to say, America's support for Israel weaken Hamas. Trump's support for, it's not America's support for Israel. What are you talking about? I wonder What they threatened Israel with. Well, one, I'll tell you what they threatened Israel with about withholding from the critical military resources to win this fight. That's what they did. It's obvious, even CNN reported on it.


Then there's a third part to this. I told my team to coordinate with the incoming team to speak with one voice. I want you to understand what's going on here. Joe Biden knew nobody was listening to him in Israel. He just said it in the beginning of the thing I have used said about, talked about this exact framework since May since May. Everybody's given him the double barrel middle finger because he's a feckless. Oatmeal, brains loser. Donald Trump comes in, says, give us back our hostages. Or there'll be quote hell, hell to pay. Put that up. Put up the Trump true social. December 2nd, 2024. This is just over a month ago after the election, obviously there will be quote all hell to pay in the Middle East for those in charge.


Who perpetrated these atrocities against humanity? How much clearer do you want it to be all of a sudden after Donald Trump puts out this true social post? Wow. Magically, Hamas wants to come to the table and then notice, I told my team to speak with one voice. It's not one voice. Here's what was going on folks, and make no mistake. I want you to listen to me. Clearly, Biden was negotiating for Hamas. The Trump team was negotiating for peace a fair deal and the hostages coming back or there were gonna be a lot of Hamas dead bodies. That's what happened. I don't give a shit what anybody else tells you. That's exactly what happened.


Even his own state department had to admit it. They were afraid. Biden, no matter how shitty of a deal this was, they pushed, they said, Hey, you want support from Democrats in the future? You're gonna do this deal before Trump takes office, no matter how shitty it's, that's what happened, man, and the Trump team. Their hands were tied. He's not the president yet until Monday. There's nothing he could do. He can't stop Biden from being president until Monday. It's the real scoop man. Got a bunch of this is I, there's no situation I'm more strongly sourced on within these this operation than this. I'm telling you, this is bullshit.


Biden is smoking you up, even his own state department rep, how to admit that there'd be no deal without Donald Trump. I'll play that for you coming up next. And then the absolutely hapless, the most pathetic member of the Biden administration. Kareem Jean Pierre, who just, again, you wanna talk about a self own. She doesn't even know the State Department spokesperson. Don't doubt me. Coming up next day, we've all seen the headlines. Cyber attacks on our grid, drones in the sky, violent attacks on Americans. The ugly truth is no leader, no system will protect you from everything. You're gonna see emergencies no matter who's in charge. That's why you need to be prepared.


Do not rely on the government and emergency. They will let you down. That's a guarantee. Food's the first casualty. You wanna be waiting on panic lines in the supermarket while your kids are starving. Of course you don't.


So prepare today with my Patriot Supply like I do. Get a four week emergency food kit. It'll help give you the nutrition you need to stay strong in a crisis. Scratch that. Get one for every member of your family. I have multiples. Please Do it with 2000 calories a day and a Hundred percent of daily value of 12 essential vitamins and minerals. You'll stay strong when emergencies happen and meals matter. Plus, my Patriot Supply foods are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches. You can grab and go. They last up to two and a half decades in storage right now. They're offering $50 off their four week emergency food kit. Go to my patriot supply.com now grab yours for $50 off. Please don't put this off. Today's the time to prepare, not after the emergency. That's my patriot supply.com to get your four week emergency food kit today, my patriot supply.com.


Thank you. My Patriot Supply. Here is again, the disconnect in the Biden White House, which at this point they don't. Nobody is speaking with a coherent voice. Nobody. Why? Because Biden is losing his mind. He's got oatmeal for brains folks. Nobody knows what he's saying 'cause he doesn't know what he's saying. Here's the State Department rep, Matt Miller, Biden State Department. Obviously Trump's not in charge till Monday, right? Here he is saying straight out, and this guy, by the way, is no conservative. Hey, this wouldn't have happened due to the Trump team then I don't want you to listen to Kane Jean Pierre after who pretends she doesn't know who this guy is. Take a look at this. When it comes to the involvement of President-elect Trump's team, it has been absolutely critical in getting this deal over the line. And it's been critical because obviously as I stand here today, this administration's term office will expire in five days.


And one of the things that we have always said about this deal is that when you get from stage one to stage two, that the United States, Egypt and Qatar are the guarantors of this deal. And Egypt and Qatar will push Hamas to stay at the bargaining table and to get from stage one to stage two. And the United States will push Israel to stay at the bargaining table to get from phase one and phase two. So obviously those are promises we cannot make on behalf of the United States for any longer than the next five days. I'm, I'm so sick of this. Sorry. I let that that folks, I want you to understand what Miller's saying here. What he's saying here is Trump's hands were tied. Biden is obviously still the President.


As I said to you yesterday, there is no declining value of the presidency each and every day until you leave office. You were the president until the last second. You have all the powers of the presidency until the second Trump swears in. The Trump team knows that their hands were tied. Israel knows they would've gotten a better deal under Trump. But because Biden didn't want his reputation ruined having leave the having say he leaves office on Monday, Trump's gonna get a deal right away. Would've been a far better one. The Democrats and Biden definitely want press and squeeze. The Israelis said, you want Democrat cooperation in the future? You're gonna cut a shit deal Now while Trump's hands are tied. That's what happened, bro.


That's what happened. How do I know that? Because Miller's saying, Hey, Trump team, Thank you. Here's Karine Jumpier, pretend she doesn't even know who this guy is. Can you imagine this idiot as the White House spokesperson? Check this out. Kare, we're sort of dancing around who gets to take credit for the deal? No one's dancing around here, the State Department and brief our colleagues that President Trump was critical in getting the steal over the line. Do you not agree with that statement? I, I mean, look, I'm not going to to speak to a, a random person. It's literally your colleague. I, I, I, I don't know who this person is. I'm not gonna killer What the You don't, you don't know who the State Department spokesperson is.


Chat's going wild right now. The chat is melting down, folks. Is this not the dumbest human being to ever occupy an administrative position at a high level in the White House? The last One, Justin, even if you didn't know who he is, Matt Miller, why would you admit to that? Just fake it. Some random person. He's the State Department spokesperson. You moron, she Sucks. Thank you. My gosh. This by the way, folks, we're gonna be, unless she gets a show on M-S-N-B-C, this thing's gonna be retired soon shamefully.


So we need to use that as often as possible. Can you imagine? I am. Listen, let me just be clear on this upfront, so don't send me any nasty emails. I am not a fan of her or John Kirby. They bo, they're both bullshit artists. At least John Kirby prepares to bullshit you. Can you imagine Kirby sitting in the back room having to listen to this idiot say she doesn't know who the State Department spokesperson is. If this doesn't sum up the Biden administration, I don't know what does. I wanna close out the matter on this 'cause I want to get to the security of the inauguration too. Politico article that should have some eyebrows raised. Okay? Yeah, it's Politico, but sometimes a blind squirrel gets a nut too.


I told you what's going on here. I need you to listen to me. Two things are true. This deal does not happen without Trump and it is a bad deal, but it's not a bad deal because of Trump. It is a bad deal because the Democrats cannot have Carter Part two, the Iranians were holding hostages. Jimmy Carter was weak. The Democrats were perceived as weak. It created a political problem. The Iranians released the hostages seconds after Ronald Reagan was perceived as strong, was sworn in, which made the Democrats look so bad they didn't win another presidential election for 12 years. The Democrats are terrified that Trump gets into office on Monday, drops a freaking Moab on a Hamas facility.


The hostages get released and Trump looks like a hero. So the Democrats could cajoled the Israelis into a shitty deal and told them, you wanna deal with Democrats again in the future. You better sign this deal. That's what happened. Here's the A, B, C, no friend to us, the hapless, Martha Ratts and David, me, whatever the hell his name is, acknowledging that they're terrified of Carter part two here. Don't listen to me, listen to them. Check this out. Martha. You know we're all students of history here. We were just on the air last week with the passing and the service for former president Jimmy Carter. And it's not lost on you and me that this agreement comes really in the final days of the Biden administration.


In fact, it takes effect. Sunday, January 19th, the eve of the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump. Really no question here, even from the Biden administration, that both administrations deserve credit. The Qatari pointing out president-elect Donald Trump's envoy in the Middle East as having helped the Biden team together as a force there going into this new administration. But even though they're very different scenarios, there has been extraordinary human suffering in this war. Some of the political parallels, you can't ignore that this is happening in the final days. The final hours of the Biden administration E exactly. David, and we were talking about this just last week during Jimmy Carter's funeral, those Iranian hostages, those American hostages held by Iran for 444 days.


Jimmy Carter put his heart and soul into that and that probably in some ways cost him reelection. But the deal was not made until Ronald Reagan. Just hours after Ronald Reagan became president. A punch in the gut to Jimmy Carter by Iran. This destroyed the Democrats for three presidential cycles. You think they're stupid? The Democrats may be demonic in many respects. The liberal wing, okay, they're not stupid. They understand. If Trump swears in on Monday and Hamas and Israel agree to a deal and you see hostages walking out, hugging their families under Trump, the Democrats will be finished again and Trump's approval will jump.


Oh my gosh. It's about politics. I thought it was about saving lives. I'm sorry. You believe that Even the left wing media, people are acknowledging it. By the way, Thank you. There's David Meir clothespin guy had to make sure he had a nice tailored fire jacket going on there. That's who these people are. I always bring the receipts. I'm never gonna let you down. Even they're telling you it's true. If they, the Israelis would've waited a few more days, they would've gotten a far better deals. Biden Biden was the Hamas negotiator. Here's one last clip on this hat tip, Colin Rug. It's a side by side. Here's Biden, who is so offended when someone from the media asks him, Hey, is Donald Trump responsible for this deal?


Is this a joke? Then I don want you to watch why the deal happened right after that and you'll see what I'm telling you is true. Check this out. Your book's Credit for this, Mr. President, you or Trump. Is that a joke? No. Oh, Thank you. If those hostages aren't back, I don't wanna hurt your negotiation. If they're not back, by the time I get into office, all hell will break out in the Middle East. Can you elaborate? And it will not be good for Hamas and it will not be good frankly for anyone. All hell will break out. I don't have to say anymore, but that's what it is, Folks. This guy has mother grape through for balls.


Trump. That's why this happened. Period. There is no deal without a Trump victory. None. And don't forget it. Quick break and then I gotta get to some very serious stuff again about the inauguration. Some good news, some bad news. However, can they get a coherent story? The FBI just told us the other day that they're not tracking any threats. However, there's a political article that's about a security assessment that says they may be tracking some threats. So what is it? Are they talking in general in specifics? Who cares if there's a threat? There's a threat. Quick break.


We'll get right back to that.


You resolve to get healthier this year. I've got the solution for you. You know what, I'm gonna read this myself because I really enjoy this product personally. This has helped me dramatically. I have my own blood work to prove it. I've shown it to you many times. I'm 50 years old, not that old, but I'm not that young. I take field of greens twice a day. It is a staple of my diet. My wife asked me the other day, if you only could take three or four supplements a day, what would you do? I told her collagen, vitamin C, vitamin D, field of greens. Field of greens is ground up. Healthy, wholesome fruits and vegetables. You take a scoop of it, it tastes delicious. I like the wild berry. There's a lemon lime. I put it in green tea. You can put it in whatever you like. A juice. You can put it in water. You put it in a protein, shake it a promise. Better health. Well, how in the world can feel the greens promise better health? 'cause each fruit and vegetable was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart health group, lungs and kidney groups, metabolism. Even a healthy weight, one drink a day is all it takes. I take two your call, you'll look and feel healthy. With more energy fast, your doctor will notice your improved health. All your money back, you can't beat that. No risk for you. Get 20% off your first order. Try it today. Make that you got a new year resolution. You wanna get healthier. Here's how you start. 20% off with code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Pick up Field of Greens with code dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan Swear by that product. They've been with me a long time.


Our last sponsor today, we'll get right back to the show. Helix Mattresses. It's an award-winning mattress. It's the only mattress in my house. If you're not sleeping good at night, ladies and gentlemen, you're operating at 70, 60, even 50% of your best. Our guests love these Helix mattresses as well. We have 'em in the guest room. Helix sleep.com/dan is how you get started. They've got mattresses for snoring, back pain, sleep apnea, you sleep too hot. Go to Helix. They've got a solution for you. Good night's sleep is one of the best ways to improve your health. Helix. Sleep can figure out which mattress will work better for you. I know it's been helping me feel refreshed in the morning. That's why the shows have been really energetic. Got a nice compliment for my doctor friend the other day. It's 'cause I sleep good. Once your mattress is delivered, you can finally get some comforting sleep. Right now for Dan Bonino show listeners, Helix is offering 20% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase. That's Helix, H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase Helix, H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan. Check him out. Get yourself a great mattress.


Thank you, Helix. Okay, back to the show folks. Again, given the prior line of work you're all aware of at this point, don't need to repeat it. I am extremely concerned about President Trump's security. I'm not the only one. Of course you are as well. It is the question I by far get the most on Facebook. True social rumble in the chat. I told you the other day that I have sources too. I, I really don't care if the media respects me or my sources. I've been right. They've been wrong. I don't respect them. It's not symmetrical. They have been wrong. I've been right. I'm hearing that the threats to the inauguration are real. Will they materialize folks? The threat to President Trump is real every day. It doesn't mean something's gonna happen in the inauguration because there may be a security plan to in fact mitigate specific threats.


You get what I'm saying? But the threat is real and I don't wanna be told by anyone that the threat isn't real. 'cause my sources are good and your sources suck If you're in the media. I told you the other day that when the FBI agent said, well, they're not tracking any specific threat that I'm kind of on that all of a sudden this political article comes out. Trump Inauguration is a potential target for threats. Agencies warn apparently there's a security assessment ahead of the inauguration, which reflects a heightened political and potentially violent environment, which President Trump will assume. Power deposition sounds like something I told you. The security assessment isn't great. Having said that, having been involved in inaugural security in the past, the security assessment's never great.


Does that mean something's gonna happen? It doesn't. Does that mean I'm not concerned about it? It definitely does and I am concerned. I am specifically concerned about the threat from drones. Apparently there's some people in the Secret Service. I don't know who these people are because they're anonymous in this fantastic article by Susan Crabtree in Real Clear Politics, Secret Service, Readies for Higher Threat, Trump Inauguration. This is in the newsletter. Please read it. bino.com/newsletter. You'll get these articles every day. It's free to sign up. I want you to read this one on his Tuesday podcast. Bonino argued that the FAA temporary flight restrictions for drones and aircraft are not easily enforceable.


Describing them as stop signs that can be violated, which is true ladies and gentlemen. Yes, there are other measures. I'm just telling you, this is not some iron wall around DC that can't be violated and it concerns me that I don't think people in the security DC capital region are prepared for a worse case airborne assault scenario. I'm getting that from sources are my sources, right? They've been right in the past, so they're basically suggestions. If it isn't, this is Crabtree talking. There are other things we can do to make sure planes and drones don't violate the flight restrictions. Bonino said, noting he didn't want disclose methods. However, I'm not sure we have the manpower for all that.


Now, hold that thought. Notice that's a go. Actually go back to that a second. However, notice the last Susan Crabtree's quoting me. However, Dan Bonino me, I'm not sure we, meaning the Secret Service has the manpower for that situation. In other words, to do what has to be done right now to enforce that aerial security picture up in the air. This is the strangest thing. Here's part two of this. Some insider at the Secret Service basically acknowledges what I said while simultaneously brushing it off. Multiple secret service agents. Brush aside specific concerns about drones, citing far more systemic and ongoing challenges the agency faces that can negatively impact security, including manpower.


I just fucking said that. Can you go back to screen one that this is what I'm talking about. You trust me? What do you trust these other guys? I'm not sure we can secure the airspace basically, because I'm not sure we have the manpower screen Two. Well, they brushed that off. Citing manpower concerns. That's what I fucking said. Holy shit man, and I'm sorry if you're offended by the language. I'm a kid from Queens, but I'm serious about this stuff. Agents pointed out an internal email sent out Friday Manpower Update, where they basically talk about how stressed out everybody is and how tired they are and how they can't find people.


Holy Moses, man, they did, they they brushed off Ban Gino's concerns. Why? Doubling down and saying, he's right guys, whatever man. I'm like, I don't waste any more time on this stupid It it and that the topic isn't stupid. It's just this, this is really dumb that you've got people out there doing this inside the service. Oh, they brushed off the concerns. We've got this except he's absolutely right that there's no manpower. Why is there no manpower? Because your Secret service is doing a thousand things and if anyone from the Trump team calls me about this, I'm gonna make sure that I push to get this guy's life and his family's life secured by stopping the secret service from having their agents do 10 missions and have them do one.


Keep this guy alive no matter what. That's it. We don't need to be doing ncmec. We don't need to be doing credit card cases, counterfeit cases. Those are all important things. Let the IRS let TIGTA or treasury or let DHS do that. HSI, whatever, we don't need to be doing that. That's not what we do. Gonna listen to me. Are you gonna listen to the people at the top who've got this guy nearly killed twice? Who's got the agenda here? I don't need a freaking job. You think I need a job? We have the number one podcast in the world right now for conservatives.


By far. You think I need a job? I don't need shit. They need to preserve their jobs. Who are you gonna trust? Who are you gonna call? Sorry. I'm way too serious sometimes. I promise you, man, I, I, I gotta, I gotta full of joy, man. I wake up every morning with affirmations every morning. Say, I'm Dan Bonino. I love Jesus and Jesus loves me. I wake up every morning. I say, I'm Dan Bonino. Only good things happen to me. I don't care if you think it's good for you or not. I'm not asking you is what I do. I wake up every morning and say this stuff 'cause it matters to me. You know what else I say? I'm Dan Bonino. I'm full of hope and happiness keeps me grounded every day.


Laugh at me all you want. I've been a happier, more grounded person ever since I started doing that. Resets your brain first thing in the morning. Try it. Don't laugh until you try it first thing in the morning when your brain is still fresh. Say, I'm Joey, bag of donuts. I'm full of hope and happiness. I am. We can fix the secret service. There's a lot of great guys over there, but there's a lot of work to be done. One of the first things we're gonna do or I'm gonna push for if anyone's interested, if you are, you are. If you're not, you're not. Like I said, I have the Trump transition team. I have not spoken to them about this. I wanna be crystal clear. We have gotta get the secret service back along with our military to universal standards.


This Pete Hegseth brought this up repeatedly in the hearing the other day. I'm gonna tie these two stories together, ladies and gentlemen. There is no reason why in the military or the Secret Service, a job that could involve potential hand to hand combat, firearms, combat, that there should be any fitness disparities between males and females. If you are a female who wants to be a secret service agent, the Secret service values you, there is a role for everyone in the Secret Service. As long as you can meet standards, as long as you can meet standards. Matter of fact, it's I I having been there, I can tell you for a fact there are roles men can't do.


You have female secret service agents. When a female protectee goes inside the bathroom, it's kind of weird for a guy to go with them. However, we have to have standards. Standards. It is important not standards for women and standards for men because when the bad guys start shooting at us, they're not going. Is this a woman or a guy when they wanna kick your ass and beat the crap out of you, they're not interested in what sexual parts you have. Charlie Kirk brought this up the other day in light of what Pete Hegseth was talking about up on the hill. This isn't about women in combat, it's about standards in combat. Charlie notes that an army servicewoman gets a perfect score, deadlifting 210 pounds, which is notably not as heavy as one soldier wearing a full a hundred pound kid.


Men need to deadlift 340 pounds to get a perfect score. Heg sets a Hundred percent right to demand gender neutral combat standards. There are the standards yourself. You can look at them if you'd like on Charlie Kirk's feet. If you wanna look at it in detail. Some of you in the military already know this. The Secret Service has the same thing when I was there, not aware of the standards. Now they haven't briefed me in. I'm not an agent anymore. I believe guys needed to do nine chin-ups, not pull-ups, but chin-ups when you're, is it a supinated grip, right, which isn't even a lot to get a perfect score, it should be closer to 15 or 20 and then women, I don't know how many they're four. Maybe they had to do, that's not the same thing. I don't understand if Donald Trump, who's a big guy, he's well over six feet tall, he's big husky guy.


I don't understand what's gonna happen with a woman on the detail. You're gonna go, hold on. My fitness standards were different. I can't carry 'em outta here. Please explain to me in what universe that makes sense. Three 40 deadlift thing. Easy. No, I know. Geez, CrossFitters three 40 deadlift is not easy folks, there's probably less than 1% of 1% of guys on the planet who can do that. Gym goers is probably maybe 5% or less, maybe less than that, but you know, if you're in a thousand pound club bench squat, deadlift and you can total that for a thousand pounds, you're in like the 0, 0, 0 0 1%, but you wanna get an excellent score. That's what it means.


We have to be lethal, which involves our soldiers being in shape. I want to get to this because it was the title of today's show. We opened up with Biden's dreadful, ridiculous, tragic at the same time. Almost hilarious speech last night. He had a laugh at this guy thinking that these some kind of transformative figure, but folks, it's very serious. His reign of destruction out the door, pay very close attention to this segment, has not over. He still has a few more days to screw the country over. None of his powers are diminished at all until the second Donald Trump swears in. We haven't played this guy in a while. Loved this guy in his feed. Peter Stang, very smart guy, focuses on economics a lot.


I want you to listen to this segment. I know with the economics, this is important though. What Biden's doing, folks, they are shoveling money out the door at a in ridiculous pace right now before Trump gets in there to make sure that their lobbyists, their war machine people are paid off, their insiders are paid off, and the problem is that this money shoveled out the door is going to detract from the GDP numbers when Trump gets in office making his growth numbers look bad. Doing this on purpose, I know it's a little complicated. I'll quickly explain to you the scheme, but listen to St. Ange explain the gist of it first. Check this out, Joe Biden's handlers are looting the treasury on the way out.


Now granted, it's very normal for de post dictators to fly out pallets of cash as a scamper off to Moscow or Dubai or Delaware. In Joe's case, he's in line to push 2 trillion out the door before Trump takes office on January 20th, 800 of which will be deficit. Now 2 trillion is over 30% of the annual budget, meaning Trump will have to trim spending for the rest of the year just to break even. Now, lower spending mechanically subtracts from reported GDP, which makes Trump look bad. In fact, it could knock almost 2% off GDP growth beyond looting the republic to sabotage. Trump is what Joe is dumping the money into.


You guessed it. Donors, since the election just eight weeks ago, Biden's announced four aid packages for Ukraine with a fifth in the work. That's for a war that's about to end indeed, which was a lost cause from the start, but has been fantastically profitable for military contractors who own both parties. Folks, he's shoveling this money out the door because the formula for GDP Gross Domestic product, how the United States economy is growing. The formula is it's, it's a c plus G plus I plus X minus M. It's consumer spending, government spending investment exports minus imports.


It's not a perfect formula at all, but government spending is the G in there. He wants the government spending portion of it factored into his GDP number and stolen from Trump. He doesn't care where the money goes. I'm telling you what this guy's doing right now is he is burning a path of destruction out of the White House and he's doing so many awful things between Cuba and Elon suing Elon, everything. I'll get to that in a second that these stories are getting lost. Ej an Tony who's an economist over at Heritage I believe, who's been on my show many times, notes that the interest on the debt last month under Biden, the interest we're paying on the debt was $140 billion.


That was 66% of all of the income taxes collected in December. Think about that. Every single human being in the United States had paid income taxes. 66% of your money didn't finance the military social spending, social security, they were paying interest on the debt, not even the debt itself. Do you understand how catastrophic a situation Biden's left us through the Inflation Production Act, the American Rescue Plan, ulus and all this ridiculous government spending. That's why inflation's exploding. Again, this is the shit sandwich. This guy's leaving us with you doubt me.


Here's a left wing station acknowledging exp inflation spiking again because we're spending a shit ton of money out the door. Check this out, The bad news, 2.9%. That's the annual inflation rate. This was hotter than expected. It's the third straight month where this number has gone up further away from that 2% goal and this is the highest since July. Folks, that's not an accident. We're printing money. We don't have, where does the money go into the economy to chase products? The products can then charge more money because there's more money chase on the products. This isn't complicated.


Did you see this story out the door? I covered it yesterday. Biden's, SEC Securities Exchange Commission is suing Elon Musk with just days to go in office over Twitter. Stock buys. This is hilarious, alleging that there was an underpayment Elon overpaid for Twitter dramatically. There's not a single person with an ounce of reason, common sense, or a functioning neuron that believes Elon got a deal on Twitter. He overpaid. This guy got, if anybody got screwed, it was Elon, the SEC suing him. Why are they suing him? Because Biden knows the case is bullshit.


Wants Donald Trump to come in and his SEC to dump this frivolous ridiculous. So then the left wing media vulture, assholes can go. Donald Trump has attack oligarch. Look what he's doing, just like the speech in the beginning of the show. The good news is we pretty much own the media now and we'll just knock that down just like we did the car blood bath hoax, then that's not gonna work. I already told you it's bullshit. Donald Trump and their SEC should dump this ridiculous nonsense. Day one. Elon overpaid for Twitter. He should get a refund. Daily mail, Biden's, sneaky and dirty plot to slow down Trump on Day One, despite promising a smooth transition.


You see what Biden's doing? Making people's schedule a employees and re re moving around the line of succession to make sure as people resign, Biden people are in charge long enough before Trump confirmations to screw everybody over and Biden appoint these because they're re reallocating, or excuse me, rescheduling them to different schedules. You can't fire 'em easy folks. This guy is a metastasizing cancer Biden on the ass of humankind. That's what he is. He's destroying this country out the door and it's freaking gross to watch. I love this place. This is embarrassing.


No president modern times has done this. No one, there is nothing this guy's doing to make the country go through a smooth transition. I don't even think he should show up. I think he should just leave the White House. Really? He doesn't even deserve to be there. Folks, I wanna get this in before, before we got, we got some time left here too. There's another hearing debacle happened yesterday, and the left is just clocking ls here left and right to watch it candidly is hilarious. I know you had Pam Bondi yesterday, but there were a number of other hearings yesterday as well. Russ voted OMB. This is hilarious. This is Gary Peters. He is just another moron senator from Michigan.


Senator Gary Peters, who seems completely unaware during a hearing that there was congressional action to move money between accounts to build the border wall. He seems totally unaware of this despite being a legislator, and I believe he was a congressman too. Here he is, questioning Russ vote, Russ vote, having to correct this guy and do his job for him. This is funny. Watch this and I'm deeply concerned about reporting that indicates that you designed the plan to abuse the National Emergency Act to circumvent laws passed by Congress, by moving military construction money to build a border wall. Do you commit? So my question for you, sir, is do you commit to not recommend the use of presidential emergencies to accomplish the President's policy agenda Center?


With regard to that instance, in our first term, we were specific losing specifically using the transfer authority that had been provided in the language of the Department of Defense appropriations to be able to transfer, transfer that authority to the Army Corps of Engineers for its use on the border wall. It was specifically a transfer authority that Congress had given the president in the underlying appropriation. My gosh, these guys are so stupid. Can you imagine not knowing that? And then again saying it, it's like Kareem John Pierre, right? You don't know Matt Miller because you're not that bright. You don't have to acknowledge it and show the world how stupid you are. Never ask a question. How many times do I have to tell you this? Never ask a question in a hearing.


You don't know the answer to. Don't Do it. I don't know how many times the Democrats are gonna get burned by this crazy Maisie Hirono struck again yesterday, probably the dumbest United States Senator, not the dumbest member of the entire body up there. Of course, on the house side you have have a OC to deal with Eric Swalwell, Dan Goldman. That's quite a competition over there. March sadness. Here's crazy. Maisie Rove with Pam Bondi yesterday asking Pam Bondi, our attorney general nominee. Yes, this actually happened yesterday. You know why she's doing this right? Lobbed, the unfounded allegation. This is what the, the, the, the Rush Limbaugh used called this A Drive by media. You throw the allegation, you hit the people and you just drive off.


Here's crazy Maisie Hirono lobbying. The craziest yet intro I've ever seen through a question asking Pam Bondi if she's ever committed sexual assault. This has actually happened. Check this out. As part of my responsibility to ensure the fitness of all nominees, I asked the following two initial questions. First, since you became a legal adult, have you ever made unwanted requests for sexual favors or committed any verbal or physical harassment or assault of a sexual nature? No. Senator, have You ever faced discipline or entered into a settlement relating to this kind of conduct? No. Senator, Can you imagine? You've got five minutes on the Senate floor in front of a national audience to expose Pam by the exposer.


You're a Democrat. You gotta explain, and this is the question you ask, of course it only got better here, was Bondi actually exposing crazy Maisie Hirono Again, I think the dumbest senator, it's close, but she's up there. Maybe number one, noting that it's crazy. Maisie Hirono that actually refused to meet with Pam Bondi if she was so concerned about Pam Bondi randomly running around and sexually assaulting people. She could have asked her in a meeting, but she didn't because she refused to meet with her, which Bondi just wrecks her on. This is glorious. Check this. Senator Hino, I wish you had met with me. Had you met with me, we could have discussed many things and gotten to you. Could have gotten I Thank you. Me. Could you respond to the question?


Yeah. You were the only one who refused to meet with me, Senator, but what we would've discussed is that it is the job of the Attorney General to follow. I'm very happy to listen To your responses. This is how it's done. This is how it's done, kids. That's exactly how it's done, and here's how it's done too. Here's Pam Bondi with Shifty Adam Schiff lying fraud, who California just elected as a senator, a lying fraud piece of garbage who made up and fabricated a story that destroyed the nation, a Russia collusion hoax that this guy's primarily responsible for. Here's Pam Bondy saying, Hey man, weren't you censored by this body for bullshit precisely like this?


Check this out. Will it be your advice to the president? No, Mr. President, I need to go over them on a case by case basis. Do not issue blanket pardons. Will that be your advice to the president? Senator? I have not looked at any of those files. If confirmed, I will look at the files for The parties and will you be able to do well as will you be able to review hundreds of cases on day one? I will look at every file I am asked. Of course You won't to look at. So will you advise the president, Nick, Can I answer the question? Well, my question is I would have plenty of staff. You said, of course you want You. You'll be able to review hundreds Of cases, so I'm not gonna mislead this body nor you. All right, let me ask another question. You don't wanna answer that? Let me answer Question. You were censored by Congress Senator For comments Just like this that are So reckless.


It'll also, Folks, this is how it's done. If these hearings are gonna degenerate into a circus, then listen. Show the animals for who they are. That's how it's done. Don't ask questions you don't know the answer to. And when they ask questions like that, make sure you turn it back on them. Man, that was a show today. Was that loaded or what? Almost 150,000 people here. You guys are awesome. Yesterday, we were the number one news live stream, not the number one. We were number two. Overall. It's okay. You know, what was it? We four days. Three outta four days, so I appreciate it. Join us every day at 11:00 AM rumble.com/bonino. Be here for the live show. You can watch it on demand anytime. Just click the play button.


Please download the Rumble app and we would deeply sincerely appreciate it. Follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, the Dan Bonino Show. Tune into my Donald Trump interview here, 2:30 PM couple hours and a half, an hour and a half, a couple hours and a half from now, 2:30 PM Eastern time. Donald Trump will talk to him about this deal, his thoughts on it, and a whole lot more. Ask him about the drones too. Don't miss it. 2:30 PM Eastern Time. See you there. You just heard the Dan Bond Gino Show.