
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino folks, Have you ever seen a bigger kick in the gonads on the way out? It's like the world is trying to show the rest of the world how feckless a loser Joe Biden's presidency was. I mean, it's really incredible. Think about it. Donald Trump has yet to take office. We got until what? January 20th. So we got a while. Was it 49 days or something like that? Little under 50, right? Donald Trump has gotten more done by not being pre, he's not president. He's president-elect. But right.


Like, just as a matter of fact, Donald Trump has no power now at all. He's an American citizen who's been elected the next president, but doesn't swear in until January 20th. Nothing controversial about that. Correct? He has no actual power. He has political power. But. he doesn't have any like legislative executive power or anything like that. He's gotten more done between Canada and Mexico and what happened yesterday telling the, the terror, the terrorists and the terrorists simps overseas. You better give us our hostage back or we're gonna kick your asses like you've never seen before. He's gotten more done not being president as South Korea collapses, the Middle East rages Russia and Ukraine still.


It's like the world is trying to tell everyone, this guy leaving is a loser like they did with Jimmy Carter and the hostage crisis and this guy coming in. We don't want a toy with him. All you gotta do is pay attention. You think South Korea would've done this under Trump? For those of you who don't know what I'm talking about, by the way, there is a declaration of martial law in South Korea going on right now. You can watch the videos. This is insane, man. I got a big show for you today. I'm not done with the Hunter Biden thing either. There's, I'm telling you there's an angle to this. My clip went viral yesterday. Thank you to the Triple Z guy, MAGA Kitty, insurrection Barbie and others out there for spreading around the clip and won nuclear.


The reason Joe Biden pardoned his son is to protect Obama and Joe Biden. It's not about his son. Don't believe the bullshit big show a a


Beam Cyber Monday is here. Bino. Listeners enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code Bino. Get a good night's sleep. I got that. I got a lot more too.


And some takes by Miranda Dev Divine, who is all over this Hunter Biden case for a long time.


Hey, for over 10 years, Patriot Mobile's been America's only Christian conservative wireless provider standing behind their service and their values as a company. They're an example of putting the cause ahead of profits. That's why I'm proud to partner with them right now. You can get their every Friday matters special today. Patriot Mobile's given away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, giving you all the, giving the access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the libs. When you switch to Patriot Mobile, you supporting a company believes in free speech, religious freedom, the sanctity of life, second Amendment, and more their 100% US-based customer service team makes switching easy. Keep your number for a limited time, get a free smartphone, go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone offer is eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time offer or until supplies run out, terms and conditions, supplies. So join me, make the switch today, patriot mobile.com/dan patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right fellas, let's go. First, a big thank you for yesterday. Number one news podcast in the United States. Again yesterday, 175,000 live streamers. Love you guys. Big chest pound there I do it, but my elbows don't work as You know. Here we go. Donald Trump flipping the double barrel middle finger to terrorists all over the globe saying, talking about our hostages violently taken and being held in the Middle East. He says everybody's talking and there's no action. Why did he say that? He said that because everybody's talking and there's no action. Please let this post here serve to represent that if the hostages are not released prior to me taking office as president, there will be in all caps, all held to pay in the Middle East and those in charge who perpetrated these atrocities against humanity, those responsible will be hit harder than anyone's been hit in the long and storied history of the United States of America.


All caps release the hostages. Now folks, if this, again for all of the talk about, oh my gosh, we don't like the Trump teacher, whatever I the tweet, I don't really give a shit about your opinion about the Trump tweets. Let's just be straight. This guy has a very Reagan ass quality when it comes to national security, okay? I, I'm not a big interventionist, but Donald Trump understands that if we let foreign terrorist operators take our people and hold them hostage and nothing happens, folks, what's gonna happen? They're gonna take more hostages. It's not hard to figure out. You don't need to be a freaking SWAT analyst or a game theorist to understand that He has a very common sense view of things. What are they doing to get back to hostages?


Nothing. Nothing. So what if we kick their ass and take 'em back? Well, maybe they won't take hostages again. Freaking genius. Gosh, this guy's presidency can't come soon enough. Folks, I put at the title of today's show that Biden's Reign of Destruction, he has 40 plus days to screw this country up and Pol You know if you doubt he can do, I should have thrown this in the show today. There's a Wall Street Journal article out there from yesterday and it talks about how lame duck presidents like Biden is now can do an immense amount of damage. It goes into this long list of stories of what Bill Clinton and Barack Obama did out the door folks, this guy is not done giving the double barrel middle finger to American citizens.


He's pushing through really awful far left communist judges that are gonna be there for life. He's trying to push through changes at the National Labor Relations Board. So the companies can't operate freely without pressure. He is really desperately trying to screw over the country by quote Trump proofing, which means citizen proofing against you. This guy is a train wreck walking a, there it is, a lame duck can still swim. Tevy. Troy read this article. It's really good. Biden still has all the powers of the presidency and like some of his predecessors, he's using them vigorously. And of course, where does that lead to? Why did I open up with Biden's Reign of Destruction continuing for 40 more days?


Because folks, him pardoning his kid is really bad for the country. I covered it yesterday, but the pardon of Hunter Biden is making us look like an international laughing stock. And again, I don't wanna repeat yesterday's show because the talking points and stuff and all that You know shit like that. I you don't, you don't need the same show twice. But what I said yesterday and what I wanted that top line talking point outta that I wanted you to remember is that yes, this is a good messaging opportunity for us to prove we've been what we've been saying the entire time. Democrats are full of shit. They are not. They have no They, don't care at all about the rule of law or anything like that. They're full of crap. However, make no mistake, there are real ramifications for this.


The countries around the world that need to respect us to keep us safe so they don't attack us, they don't hit us, they don't attack our interests, attack our economic interests. I'm not just talking about national security. They don't respect us anymore because of this guy Joe Biden. They're laughing at us about what happened yesterday. This was a freaking disgrace. Now there's a lot of red pilling going on right now. Charlemagne and others who are never gonna be Republicans. But all of a sudden now that the election's over, they're starting to recognize that the Democrats are full of shit. Everything they say is a lie trump's the threat to democracy. The threat to democracy comes from them, not from us.


Trump got elected again democratically in a constitutional republic. Joe Biden got elected because they elected elected. You get it because of a Covid pandemic and because of his party being afraid of Bernie Sanders. That's it. And then they undemocratically pushed him out with no primary for a candidate who amazingly sucked even worse. So I don't wanna hear Jack squat and Jack freaking left town about how the Democrats are the party of law and order. Gimme a break. Go sit in a corner, put the moron cap on and shut up.


Put the cotton in your soup cooler 'cause I don't want to hear it. Here's a little quick super cut here. Remember the Democrats about 20 seconds. No one's above the law. No one's above the law. Certainly seems like the Biden family is, I'm gonna tell you what they're up to to check this out. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. Nobody is above the law. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. Nobody is above the law. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. No one is above the law. Who just said it? Someone said s Trump for USA Trump for life.


In the chat, I I I understand your comment. I know what you're saying. Said it's a two tier justice system. USA Trump for life. I appreciate your comment. I know what you're saying. I'm not trying to be a dick here. But it's not a two-tier justice system for them. For us. It is, you're correct. They don't see it that way. They are communists. And I need you all to understand this. I, I'm being candid, I'm not being trying to be a smart ass about it. They don't see it as a two-tier justice system. The justice system in a communist socialist regime like we're living under now sees the justice system as a weapon of subjugation. They are using it in the only tier they believe exists subjugation. So they don't see it as a two-tier justice system at all.


It's important you understand that because then you tactically fight back the wrong way by pointing that out to them as if it's an argument. And you say to them, Hey man, this is hypocritical. You guys said this. Meanwhile you meant that you said no one's above the law. Meanwhile you just pardon Hunter Biden. The only reason I bring this stuff up. So why are you bringing it up? Because if we don't remove them from power, the hypocrisy argument against them doesn't work. They will never change. They are commies. They care about power. They have one rule of justice. We're in charge. And you are not middle finger dbags. That's their rule. The only way to stop them is to do what we did is to remove them from power and hope.


Some third party listening understands our argument that these people are the real threat to democracy. That's why I do what I do every single day. I wanna point this clip out to Andy McCabe back again to show you how the media has played into this entire thing. They are now engaged in a massive coverup of what is unquestionably one of the biggest scandals in American history. The Biden pardon of his son for potential crimes. Biden himself. Joe Biden we know was involved in, if there were crimes committed in this money laundering network, they were involved in Joe Biden was a part of it. 10% for the big guy.


I've gotta pay all pop's bills. Those were Hunter Biden's techs. We know that. So it this goes to show you how corrupted our government is. How these people, they are straight up socialists and commies. Andy McCabe, again was the deputy director, acting director of the FBI, while they were targeting Trump for spying and making up the Russia collusion hoax perfect for CNN to bring him on to comment on this. 'cause it proves my point again that these people care about one thing and one thing only people like McCabe they can use as tools to weaponize government against and subjugate their political opponents. Watch this. Republicans are really seizing on the timeframe here, right? Including the Senator elect from Indiana, Jim Banks who said Joe Biden issued a pardon to Hunter Biden for any crimes that he might have committed since 2014.


Why such a specific year? Well, hunter Biden just so happened to join the board of barista Ukrainian energy firm in that same year, 2014. So corrupt. What do you make of the timeframe here? Well, I mean, my initial impression was this is the president's desire to protect him for the longest period that reflects the President's time of service in the White House. But nevertheless, the effect of that very broad 10 year timeframe is ironically, it will perpetuate the, the conspiracy theories and the accusations around Hunter Biden. They'll never be resolved criminally, but it gives his detractors the opportunity to say, oh, well he must have done something in 2014 to require a pardon Going back that far.


Notice the Republicans pounce. Did you, did you hear it? Republicans are seizing on this opportunity again, making the story about what not the biggest political scandal certainly of the last few years. Biden pardoning his kid for crimes he may have been involved in, right? He may have been involved in these. That's not the scandal. The scandal is Republicans quote seizing on it. And then they bring on this scumbag. Andy McCabe. Andy McCabe, I know people send this to you. I want you to see this. Well, I'm look in you right in the eye. You are a, you are a scumbag, a piece of shit. And I want you to know me and all of my listeners know it. We know exactly what you did.


You are a lying piece of filth. You're an embarrassment to your family. Everybody I know in the FBI knows you said you were a punk and a loser walking around flaunting your wife's money. Your wife's a doctor, right? Ran for office as a Democrat. They, I heard you were telling people, oh, I don't need my salary. I'll give some kind of big shot. You are a, you're a piece of shit and I want you to know I know it. And so do all my listeners. You're garbage. You're a straight up commie, authoritarian punk who was given a little bit of power. You probably got beaten up a lot in high school, which I feel bad about. It gave you a complex. So what did you do? You took it out on America and you became everything. Everyone hates a government bully 'cause you're a piece of shit.


I hope everybody shows this to you. Your filth, your absolute garbage. I've spent the last few years of my life studying what you did to destroy the Trump family because of your personal vendetta. You're disgusting. Notice how his default response is that the pardon that goes back to Biden's time as the vice presidency where he was the point man on Ukraine and collecting millions of dollars through his family, through foreign governments. His default response is it's gonna feed conspiracy theories instead of acknowledging that the activity happened and should probably be investigated. This guy is disgusting.


We need cash. Patel yesterday at the FBI to weed out absolute pieces of garbage like this guy, garbage, garbage cutesy. Time is over. Even Jake knows it. Even Jake knows it. Cutesy time is freaking over. Judge Bonino is ruled proving another one of my points that the hypocrisy doesn't matter to the left. It matters to you because you have principles. Someone says to me, Hey, Republican administrations, Trump administration, the Bush administration have run deficits.


Yes they have. Deficits are a bad thing. What? Oh, you were waiting for me to defend government debt because of Republican? No. You see how easy that is? You see how simple that is. What's your position on life conception to natural death? We should defend it. Well, Donald Trump doesn't share that position. Yeah, I disagree. You see how easy that is. You see how easy it is when you're not a gutless ball, less eunuch who's been castrated your little balls on a jar. You see how easy that is. Democrats don't have, Democrats are losers.


They are castrated losers with not a shred of principle. I'm in a mood today 'cause I'm still in shock that this thing happened over the weekend. I cannot believe that he did it. I can believe it, but I can't. I told you he was gonna do it, but I'm still stunned that it, there's no penalty for throwing Biden under the bus. None. None. Who is it? Scott Jennings on CNN who said in one of these clips, he said, You know to the Democrats out there to you losers. And I'm talking to you Democrats, losers, you're losers. I understand. Are you look in a mirror anymore? I know you wanna be anyone else but yourself. You don't have to die on this hill. You can have a shred of human dignity and you can say, Hey man, this was wrong.


I believe in justice. This guy clearly got a sweetheart deal. He got busted in the sweetheart deal. He was probably gonna get another sweetheart deal and his dad gave him the ultimate sweetheart deal, pardoning him for anything he may have. If we find out Hunter Biden murdered someone, he can't go to jail because of it. You don't have to die on this hill. Loser Democrats. You can have a shred of human dignity. You wanna see a guy here with absolutely no human dignity whatsoever. Folks in the chat, let me run a test for you. Who is the dumbest, dumbest male member of Congress? Anyone? Anyone know? Not the dumbest member we know that's a OC.


Let's see if someone grabs it first. Who is the dumbest male member of the male here? No. Remember dumbest female, A OC. She always wins every time. That's not even close. Oh no, no. You got the name wrong. No, I'm sorry. Oh, here we go. HKC guy 42. Someone said Dan Goldberg. No, it's Goldman. HKC Guy 42. Dan Goldman. You are correct. Dan Goldman the dumbest male member of Congress by far. Here he is on CNN and CN N's. Like, Hey man, listen, we're gonna play this clip of you talking about how great Joe Biden is for not pardoning this kid. You would think you'd come on and say, yeah, man, that's what I said. I meant it. The pardon was wrong. You could say you love Joe Biden.


You'd say whatever. But that was wrong. No freaking dignity at all. They're balls, right? 'em all right in the jar because they're losers. Do not ever be like this guy have some human dignity. Your kids are watching, watch this. In July of 2023, just after that plea deal fell through, this is what you said I wanna watch. Do you think a pardon for his son would be a mistake? Yes. And I don't think there's any chance that President Biden is going to do that, unlike his predecessor who pardoned all of his friends and anyone who had any access to him. And I think you see that in this case where he kept on and Merrick Garland kept on a Trump appointed US attorney to investigate the President's son.


If there is not an indication of the independence of the Department of Justice beyond that I I don't know what, what we could look for. What does that feel like watching yourself back then? Reassuring people that Biden was not going to issue a pardon for his son. Yeah, and I think that if that plea agreement and that plea deal had gone through, there would be no pardon, that was a satisfactory outcome. It Already fallen through that. Only let's, sorry. The when you reacted this was when the deal had fallen through. You understand what she's saying?


The sweetheart plea deal. Hunter Biden was offered that the judge rejected. It already fallen through when Goldman said, Hey man, this guy's a wonderful guy. He won't pardon? So now what does he do? He comes on instead of just saying I was, listen, I was wrong. I can't believe he pardoned him. It was a mistake. He goes, well, the deal would've been, the deal had already fallen through. You get my point with talking about this. The show was meant to be tactical. Edutainment man had to have BDP, right? Educational entertainment. You're never gonna beat a communist by pointing out their hypocrisy. You can only hope a third party's listening.


You beat them by divorcing them from power. That is it. That is it. Dan Goldman doesn't give a shit about looking like a hypocrite. He is a communist and you should call them as such every single time, except no other explanation. If it looks like a Kami and it talks like a Kami and it walks like a Kami, it's a Kami period. Folks, I got an article coming up for you. I'm gonna prove it to you. This is all about protecting a bigger crime operation involving what was going on in Ukraine, Obama, Joe Biden, his brother, and many other people in the National Security Council and elsewhere who knew what was going on and said nothing.


I've got the receipts. I'm not done with this story. And you're not either.


Folks, I I had my Helix mattress for several years now. I just got a new one, moved in the new house. It is the best mattress to sleep on. I have a midnight lux. I love it. Listen, you're on the mattress eight, 10 hours a night sometimes that's a long time to be on a terrible mattress and poor sleep. Your days are gonna be long and they're gonna be really horrible. You need your sleep. That's when your body heals. Helix is the award-winning mattress brand recommended by many me included for improving sleep. I'm sleeping better than my old mattress. It's really improved my everyday life. Less aches and pains. You know I got a bad shoulder. Sleeping on my Helix has been a game changer for me. I'm a side sleeper and they'll personalize the mattress for you. For every type of sleeper. Helix Mattress helps you choose firmness or height that fits you. You wanna know which hel, which Helix Mattress is right for you. Take the Innovative sleep quiz to find out your match, and right now get 20% off plus two free pillows for all mattress orders when you order@helixsleep.com slash dan, H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/dan. That's helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off and two free pillows for all mattress orders. Thank you Helix. This company's been with me for a long time in the show and the Bonino Army, thank you very much. We appreciate that and I really appreciate them being here.


Okay folks, this is about, this is not about Hunter I said it yesterday that father doesn't care about Hunter. If he cared about Hunter, he wouldn't have made Hunter a part of his international criminal enterprise period. Okay, this reminds me, you ever seen the movie Heat? I want You know. I love the movie. Unfortunately, Robert de Niros in who's turned into a raging lunatic loser. But it's such a great movie. The Bank robbery scene. Well, long and short of it, You know at the end when they're trying to find a driver, the Danny Treo character bails and need a driver for the bank robbery. And they go in a restaurant and they grab the guy for the driver and he's working as a short order cook and they're like, Hey, we need a driver. And the guy winds up dying. What I'm getting at is De Niro knows he's pulling this guy into a criminal enterprise.


It's not a mystery. Do you understand? Joe Biden did the same thing with his son. He clearly knew they were engaged in some at best unsavory activities and he drew his drug addicted son into it. Anyway, as I said yesterday, in that viral clip, thank you to all those influencers I mentioned before. I don't wanna hear shit about this guy being a good dad. He's not a good dad. He's the worst dad. He's a loser. He only pardoned his son to get himself outta trouble. Miranda Divine called this a long time ago. Here's a clip from her on Tucker Carlson show. Miranda wrote the book, disclosure, I I published a book with my company. However, it has nothing to do with this segment, but you, you all deserve to know that the book's called Laptop From Hell.


And it's all, it's the definitive account of the Hunter Biden laptop. Miranda knows all about Hunter Biden and this fiasco of a crime enterprise with his daddy was involved in right here she is talking about this, this is months ago, this how Hunter Biden is definitely gonna be pardoned. She called it and she knows why. Check this out. What happens to Hunter? Oh, he'll get pardoned. Okay, so he's been convicted on Gun felonies in Delaware and also he pleaded guilty on the first day of the trial in California in September to these various tax felonies. All of which, well, certainly the tax felonies should carry a jail sentence, but he he's to be sentenced on both of those after the election.


And even though Joe Biden has said, oh no, I will never pardon my son. He said that once and he didn't really say it very vigorously. He was just asked in a, I think a CBS interview and he just, he said, we'll use pardon your son. He goes, no. And that was it. After that the White House has, has been vigorous, said, oh no, he, the President said he won't do it. He won't do it. Have no doubt that he's going to pardon Hunter You know as anybody would. I mean, really, if it was your son, would you want him to go to jail? So I'd pardon my son in a second. Of course, everybody Would. And and, and therefore Joe Biden will get away with it. Like everyone will say, the media will say, oh, You know it's a, it's his only surviving son.


How can you blame him? If anyone criticizes it, they'll be called cruel and heartless. So of course, So Joe Biden's gonna get away with, I mean, probably not for eternity, will he get away with it? But for the here and now, he's getting away with it. Yeah, You hear how her and Tucker, but they instinctively know that the media's gonna run with the, he's a good father narrative. Now keep in mind, nobody gave a damn about Don Trump Jr. Or Eric Trump, when they will maliciously hauled in front of Congress by subpoena multiple times for fictitious Russian collusion hoax charges that were debunked by thousands of different independent operators, me included.


Nobody cared. Nobody said, this is outta line. This is Donald Trump's kid. He's the father. Leave him alone. Don't interfere with the Father Sum relationship. Why? Because exactly what I said to you in the beginning of the show. Because they're what folks in the chat, they're commies, commies don't care. They're, they don't give a damn. They will lie about everything all the time for any reason. They don't care at all. Of course. Here's Jill Biden, who probably signed the damn pardon herself. Here's Jill Biden yesterday asked if she supports the pardon.


Of course, I support the pardon myself, why she supports the pardon, because she knows Poppy Joe Biden is knee deep in this, this quagmire. Watch this Dr. Biden, What on the pardon? Again, no sense of remorse, accountable, instant response. Of course she does because Pop Dukes is knee deep in it. I wanna go back to Miranda now on a hit yesterday again. 'cause she wrote the book on this. He's Miranda discussing the issue the Biden family has. And this is why she quote Jill Biden supports the part of her son because it's about the whole family.


And I'm telling you, Barack Obama knew, I'm gonna prove it to you. He knew these guys were taking money from Ukraine and elsewhere, and I believe they were exchanging sensitive information from Joe Biden in exchange for that money. Huge scandal. Watch this. Your theory then is that he's gotta put an umbrella protection around specific family members, maybe more than two in order to prevent Congress from going after what, what? What they believe was wrongdoing as they have chased for four years.


Yes. Obviously Hunter is the most involved in the all the hunter, all the China and Ukraine and Romania, et cetera. But Jim Biden, Joe Biden's, younger brother, Hunter's uncle was also involved in some of the China deals with Hunter. And then there are other family members who received money. And I think James Comer and the oversight committee did a pretty good job of following the money trail and seeing where it led from those sort of shady oligarchs and Chinese CCP members through to various cutouts and then eventually to the bank accounts of several Biden family members, including Joe Biden himself, although we were told that that was a loan repayment from Jim Biden to Joe Biden on those two checks.


Hat Tip, Fox News and at Western Lensman and other great video account. Yes, Miranda. Thank you. This is not just about Hunter. This is about Joe. It's about Jim Biden. It's about other Biden family members. It's about Obama. This is not going away. They don't care about Hunter. I don't want to hear Jack's squat about He's a good daddy. He's a loser. A loser. I can get to the spot. But do me a favor, put the Washington posting up quick. I'm gonna get back to it again in a second. Just throw it out. I just wanted, I just wanted to see it before, just folks Obama knew.


Read this headline. Think about this for the next minute or so. Diplomat tells investigators he raised alarms in 2015. Wow. About Hunter Biden's Ukraine work, but was rebuffed who's diplomats 2015 Obamas. Hmm.


Hey, nothing delivers comfort and joy. Quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks guaranteed perfection every single bite. And right now you can save on unforgettable gifts with 50% off Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Delicious steaks plus scoring extra $30 off with promo code bond genome with five generations of experience. They consistently deliver the world's best steak experience and the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks and made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring gourmet favorites. Paul and I are planning to send some Omaha Steaks to family for the holidays. We're stocking up ourselves because we love it. We have a lot of parties planned my 50th and there will be some Omaha Steaks at the Bonino house. We're always ready from their legendary stakes to their perfectly sized dessert. Save 50% off Sitewide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Their burgers are amazing too. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com O-M-A-H-A and an extra $30 off with promo code Bon genome minimum purchase may apply.


And our last sponsor today. What's the best gift this holiday season, years or decades off of your appearance? 'cause every day people look at your face and your jawline. Introducing gen cells jawline treatment With dual peptide and MDL technology genu cells most advanced ever. The jawline treatment not only helps tighten saggy jawlines, but helps plump the layers of your skin to help contour define and sculpt the jawline and neck area. Within minutes, people go overseas and spend thousands of dollars to get rid of saggy jawlines or double chins. They should try genus cell first 'cause no one else has the technology. And with the gen cell immediate effects, you can see tightening in minutes. The results get better every day. And just in time for Christmas in the holiday season, save over 70% off genus cell's, complete skincare package featuring the jawline treatment and the immediate effects. You'll even get genus cell's, XV wrinkle treatment included. It's simple. Go to genu cell.com/dan today. Start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow for those family get togethers. And it's a special holiday gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers. All orders are automatically upgraded to free priority shipping. Jen uel.com/dan GN UC l.com/dan, check it out. Thanks Jen. You sell.


Okay, you heard that from Miranda Dev Divine? You saw the Washington Post headline. I'm gonna bring it up again in a second. Here's Mike Davis. He was on war room with Steve Bannon yesterday. Mike Davis is one of the best people out there. He, Mike Bens is the deep state guy. Mike Davis is the lawfare guy. Don't confuse the two. Davis is amazing in his own right. Davis understands Hunter Biden and the Biden family have a real problem here too. And, ladies and gentlemen, we can't let this go. It is not our job as Republicans on the congressional side to overlook Democrat, Democrat abuses of power just because it's convenient to move on. I want accountability here. They've done it to us, but that's not the reason we're doing it.


They violated the people's trust, not the Republican party's trust. Watch this. The reason that Joe Biden did it obviously, was to protect Joe Biden and the rest of the family. And I would say this, this is the first part for Hunter Biden. Just wait until Joe Biden pardons the rest of the Biden family and himself. Because guess what, as house oversight chairman James Comer has clearly documented with bank statements, these scumbag bidens, it seems like every scumbag Biden, except for the granddaughter who they wouldn't claim has taken over $23 million from these corrupt foreign entities.


It's gone into their bank accounts. What the hell were the Bidens selling for? $23 million? Yeah, Folks, we're not talking about small amounts of money. The problem I see with the Republican party in the Swamper version of it in the past is there's this, oh, let's move on attitude. Let's not move on folks. And I'm gonna tell you why. And I'm gonna make a really ver simple and candid argument for you. This does not happen to anyone else. People are tired of the hierarchical system. The left is imposed upon us where the elites get a free pass and you get screwed every freaking time if you don't pay your taxes.


Hunter Biden had an issue there, a big one. If you were to illegally buy a gun and then throw it in a garbage can somewhere after an incident and then make up a story about it later on, no one's gonna say, let's move on. It is not time to move on. It's time to show Democrats, republicans, libertarians, communists and anyone else that this is a country of laws that this, remember in the beginning, no one's above the law. Well, no one is above the law. And Hunter Biden isn't either Dan. He's been pardoned fine. He's been pardoned. Doesn't mean you can't haul his ass in front of Congress.


He lies. Perjury is a new crime. Do You know that folks, nobody moves on When you do something, you get caught jaywalking. You're gonna get a freaking ticket in New York somewhere if someone's got a political bone to pick with you. No one's gonna say, let's move on. This guy's involved in this massive money exchanging scheme with foreign countries through his dad and the family name, which they admitted to. He admitted to it in an interview. My last name wasn't Biden. He admitted to it. No one's moving on. If you did this, you would be screwed. Put up the Washington Post thing again.


Obama knew. Folks, look at this article in the Washington Post. They're talking about diplomats working overseas under the Biden, Obama Biden administration in 2015. They told investigators, they had already raised alarms about what Hunter Biden was up to in Ukraine and the Obama team ignored it. There's something going on here. I'm not sure why Obama was protecting Biden. I think it's because I, I want very simply, I think I wanna be clear, I'm speculating. So Obama knew about the Biden crime family.


He could have shut it down and he didn't. My guess is he wanted to protect his reputation and didn't wanna be seen as a poor vetter of vice presidents. And he picked this guy and he was corrupt, but it could be something more nefarious. In other words, Biden may have had something on Obama too, but there is zero doubt that this pardon happened because they wanna make sure this all goes away. And that Obama's never roped into it because we know he knew. That is conclusive folks. That the, the, the the political narrative, the initiative's been lost by them too.


The Biden team's been claiming that This isn, no one's above the law that Donald Trump is, is, is attacking the Justice Department. That's a fair and independent arbiter. That's all bullshit. We know it. That political argument is dead now too, because now Karine Jean Pierre, the worst press secretary in the history of the United States, is now acknowledging through Biden, who put out a statement that the DOJ is basically infected with politics and that war politics is going on. It's, it's right there in the New York Post. How, what's he gonna say?


Now? Trump has been saying for years now that the Department of Justice has been weaponized to attack political opponents. Biden's been screaming heretic burn him at the stake direct the democracy. And the irony, Joe Biden and his press secretary are now making the exact same argument that the DOJs politicized. And that's why they targeted my son. Here's the audio of Karine Jean Pierre and a press gaggle yesterday in Air Force one making the exact case Donald Trump has been making for years now Donald Trump was right, episode 2,672. Check this out.


He's saying his own justice department is broken kareen. He believes he's, he believes in the Justice Department. He believes that there was, after Saying all that he believes in the Justice Department, this Is his words. He said this, this is the President saying this. He just said, it's infected with politics. You believe I said, I would not interfere with the Justice Department's decision making. I kept my word even as I have watched my son being selectively an unfair prosecutor. So how deep is the wr, how many selective prosecutions are there at the DOJ? What I can speak to is this particular case, which is Hunter Biden, who has the last name of the president Folks. Do you see how the political narrative has been completely surrendered to Donald Trump who was right?


yet again, they have nowhere to go with this. The Democrats dying on this hill. Take the advice of Scott Jennings over at CNN. You don't have to die on this hill. And I get it. Some of you in the chat, Dan, don't try to protect. I'm not protecting these assholes. They're not listening to me. I'm trying to point out to you a very valid point that they will die on this hill because this isn't the hill they're dying on. It isn't. No, they're not dying on the protect Joe Biden Hill. They're dying on the where freaking Communist hill. And we can never admit wrong. 'cause if we admit wrong, it'll look like the government doesn't know everything. The government, we in charge with totalitarian powers.


They will never give it up ever. Democrats have no ability whatsoever to show a shred of human decency at all. None. And I want you to remember one of my golden rules too. An important one. A lot of people are picking up on this, by the way, on social yesterday. Always measure the effectiveness of a political argument, a selection for a spot, a bureaucratic post, a legislative bill by the response of your opponents. If they don't freak out about it, I'd be a little worried. It's one of the reasons I'm a little bit worried about the, the nomination for Labor secretary, the Democrats.


If you notice the defeated congresswoman, the Democrats are all on board. I get worried about that 'cause I'm not a hypocrite. The fact that they're okay with it says to me, I shouldn't be. But the Cash Patel and Pete HEGs selections for FBI, director and defense Secretary, respectively have the left. Their, they have their undies in a bunch. They don't know what to do. They are still freaking out over Cash. Patel, which says to you, cash must know something about what the lefties are trying to protect. Here's Morning Joe yesterday losing their marbles again, wetting their diapers over cash Patel.


And you need to be asking yourself why check this out? These sort of selections, especially the, the, the, the Cash Patel selection will backfire on Donald Trump, will hurt, Donald Trump, will hurt Republicans and off year elections. Any of these will do that just like Matt Gaetz would've done it. So perhaps this is him pushing the boundaries. How far can I push the Senate? It is up to the Senate to actually in this case, protect the best interests of the agencies of the United States of America.


And yes, selfishly themselves and the 47th president, we'll see how they managed for this. We we'll see through it. Haven't seen it if they can. Yep. And you guys know why I use that clip? Anyone? It's a quick test. Anyone in chat know why I use that clip? This is a little like triple double, quadruple reverse psychology here. If you listen to that clip and you rewind it, if you're watching on demand or listen on Spotify and Apple later on, you think Joe Scarborough, who again is a devout communist at this point, you think Scarborough is trying to help us. In other words, he says, oh, don't appoint Cash Patel, it's gonna hurt you guys in the midterms. You heard the clip, right? You can rewind it and listen again.


It's gonna, so Joe Scarborough now is giving us advice on how to protect our majorities in the midterms. Do you actually believe that now I I know for another zero people in the chat, who in the chat believes that yes, I believe it. Joe, Joe Scarborough, I was gonna call him Chuck Scarborough at the NBC Joe Scarborough's trying to help us. Or no, Joe Scarborough's full of shit. He's just afraid. All the deep state shenanigans he's trying to protect are gonna get exposed by Cash Patel. Okay, Bino on the case. I if, if it's not a hundred percent I'll be disappointed. Joe Scarborough's not trying to help you. You gotta learn to see through this bullshit. Scarborough's afraid everything he said over the last few years about collusion and peepee tapes and the FBI being above board.


Everything's about to fall apart. There we go. Hell no f no there we get that. Nope. Yes. Tearing that chat up every single time. 160,000 getting ready to cross it. Love you guys. Send it out to your friend. 160,000 on a Tuesday. We love it. We burn that chat down every single day because we're good like that. He's not trying to help you. Now I asked the guys today, producer Jim on the radio and if you guys could help me out with this too, I would really appreciate this. Folks, we You know we have the dopey media talking Head Olympics. I wanna just say in advance, no offense to people named Karen. My name is Dan.


If you ever look up on the thing, I saw this on X one time. It said the top 10 names of Dick's out there and it said Dan was number one. So I was a little upset about that. 'cause I think I'm kind of a nice guy. Ironically, my wife's name is Paula and the top 10 names of it had a different expletive in there. And I think too was Paula I said, man, me and you are in trouble, right Paula? So I get it with the names, but however, having said that, Karen, I You know the the liberal lunatic who's screaming at you all the time. The fictitious Karen, I am here today to announce a new title. Is everybody ready? And we're gonna get a little liner for this too, 'cause it's a special moment along with the dopey media talking Head Olympics. I may get a challenge coin for this.


I am here to announce today the queen of the Karens. Who do you think it is? Who do you think the queen of the Karens is? Anyone wait. Anyone in the chat? Dopey media. Oh, look at that. Anita's. Put it up our, our our chart, our metal chart we like. No, no, no, not Joey Joy's the dopey media talking at Olympics to see if anyone in the chat gets it. No, no, not Taylor Lorenz. That's a good guess though. No anyone you see it? No. Not Masaki. Yes, yes, yes, yes. El Christiansen won. You did it. We did it. We did it. We did.


He did it like Dorothy Explorer. I'm waiting for boots to jump in. Jessica Tarof, we are announcing today the queen of the Karens. Why? Because again, if you ever want to see the damage someone's gonna do to a left wing narrative, go to people like Tarof and Joe Scarborough and see the response. Here's Jessica Tarof, who doesn't have any life skills whatsoever at all. Jessica Tarla. She has no zero life skills at all, has no entrepreneurial abilities and can do nothing but spout. Ridiculous talking points. There he is. Shout out. L Christianson won. You get the chatter of the day today.


She has no life skills at all. Okay? Cash Patel is a lawyer, is a very competent attorney. Cash Patel has held high ranking positions in government Here she is trashing this guy's reputation and upset apparently that he has some entrepreneurial interests outside of government. And also she makes up this kind of fairy tale about how Cash Patel screwed up this hostage thing and cites Mark Esper. Apparently she's unaware of the actual story here. By the way, TaRL off's spinning had some legal issues. I think it was just thrown out, but had some issues before this having an issue with correction on the Bobinski thing.


So TaRL off's, like the talking point Queen, watch this. He has a clothing line. He hawks anti-VAX diet supplements and he nearly botched a 2020 hostage rescue. A 27-year-old American who was being held in Nigeria. He fabricated the fact that the government over there knew about it. Mark Esper has spoken about this. Mm. But otherwise I think he's totally qualified. But they got the hostages out right a After. Do you think it's okay to lie? They got it Out right? Oh, I see how We're gonna do that. Yes, the hostage was rescued so it wasn't really botched. Folks, I wanna be clear. Tarof is a moron. I'm telling you she is. She spouts talking points but does almost no homework whatsoever.


She's mad because cash has business interest. Well, she's mad. What? Because cash actually has a reputation. Jessica Tarloff would be nothing outside of the five. She is a second rate at best commentator and a 10th rate intellect who has had consistent trouble with the truth. She does nothing but spout talking points. The hostage rage she's talking about by Mark ER's own calculation was a success. That ridiculous attack on Cash Patel when he was a high ranking government official on the national security side, You know what it was about. It was about some disagreement over if they had air clearance to get the hostages that they got out.


She's acting like he sabotaged the thing because she's an idiot. Always get when? When D says like this, say things like this, you should know she's afraid because she's consistently defended left wing hoaxes and fairytales. She knows she's gonna be made to look like a buffoon When Cash Patel opens the books just like Joe Scarborough. I see Anita, it's got it posted. Queen of the Karens, Jessica Tarloff again getting wrecked. Thank you Jesse for wrecking. Jessica Tarof I don't know how they have her run the show. I really don't. There's Queen Anita, DBS, hail to the Queen.


You're like the good queen. No, it's like the You know you got the good Queen and the bad queen. He's the queen of the Karens the other one. This is not a smart person. I'm telling you right now. And again, I work with these people. At what point, this ain't personal. You don't wanna do political commentary, get out of the business. You're free to go on your Twitter and take a shit on me all you want. I don't care. I don't care. One, you're not gonna hurt my feelings one bit. I know I'm right and I know you've been wrong about everything. Here's another one of there left wing lunatics. This is incredible. You're gonna think, Dan, why do you keep playing this thing on Loop?


This is not on loop guys, can you attest? This is actually a different cut. You know what? I need a favor from you tomorrow. Yeah, can you guys take screenshots of each one of 'em and put 'em in a montage? So we show she's wearing different clothing in like a bunch of them. This is not the same thing. It was like two or three from one day. There was two or three from one day. That's okay. We can put one two in there. Yeah. Here is Sonny Hostin another left wing lunatic because there's another person they are attacking, which is Pete Hegseth. 'cause they're afraid he's gonna break up the woke Pentagon and actually get them focused on war fighting and killing enemies and bad guys. Here's Sonny Hostin. Unbelievably issuing, is this the fifth legal disclaimer about their unreal of their unbelievable attacks on Pete, Seth Here.


Watch this. I have a very quick statement. Yes, It's not gonna be that quick. Pete. Seth has denied any wrongdoing. His lawyer said he paid the woman in 2023 to head off the threat of a baseless lawsuit. No charges were ever brought. You rushed me for that. I promise you to our Apple and Spotify listeners, he always makes sure we take care of you 'cause we love you too. She's wearing a different outfit. This is at least I think the fifth disclaimer she's having to give for them ruthlessly attacking Pete Hegseth.


None of them are work related, skill related. It's all personal nonsense that they're getting into. They can't stop themselves because they're afraid if they don't attack our military and dismantle it using woke him, they're gonna use one of our primary forces of power. They were planning on using it against us. And I don't mean like military raids on American soil. They wanna make sure America's brought to its knees and the best way to do it is to crush its military. First. This was deliberate folks. We need a total revamp of government. We got two years to do it. One of the things this, this is a topic I haven't addressed in a few days, but I've gotten some questions on you.


I want to be clear about this. Okay? You're hearing it from me so you can take it to the bank, cash, the check spend, the money, whatever your, whatever this, take it from me. There have been zero conversations whatsoever about me being in, in Trump's administration in any position, secret Service Director or anything else. I can't say that enough because you're reading. I've seen all these reports out there. I mean, Geraldo seems to think I've already been appointed the Secret Service story. It's not happening. I can't say this enough that nobody has contacted me about this. I'm telling you as a friend. 'cause I don't want you to get spun up in left wing conspiracy theories.


CNN was reporting on it. Jake Tapper cutesy time is over. But it is a position that matters to me a lot. Not, not to me, for me to take it But. we need a competent secret service director in this next spot because I'm telling you, Trump's in a lot of danger. I will say this. One thing I have heard from my sources, which are very good for obvious reasons, is that finally the Secret Services adage of yesterday's technology tomorrow. That was a joke when we were there and it wasn't funny, but it was true. The Secret Service did not want any technology anywhere ever. They were always like, we don't need that stuff.


And that's why they nearly got Donald Trump killed. I'm hearing now that now they've gone in the other direction where the people there are like, well, give us whatever we can get. So I'm gonna throw this up on a voiceover here. So you'll see this, they have this robotic surveillance dog over there at Mario Lago. And I'm hearing from my guys that this thing is a big force multiplier because of the stuff it does. I mean, You know it doesn't like, it's not like Cyclops where from the You know X-Men where it shoots laser beams out of its eyeballs or anything like that. But they're moving on the technology front. And I'm gonna tell you why this matters to me, and I've written about this in a number of different books because if the next secret service director, the guy now has gotta go.


If the next secret service director Trump appoints does not get rid of investigations and focus on protection, number one, I'm gonna be all over it. Now it's gotta be done legislatively through Congress, but they better be on board with it. They have got to focus on protecting the president. Forget counterfeit investigations, number one. But number two, they had better double down on technology because you heard it here first. If they get, God forbid they get a member of the Trump family or Donald Trump, it is gonna happen from the air using drones. And don't give me the Dan, don't give them any ideas.


They already have the ideas. The only way to pressure them to do something about it is to out this stuff. So it doesn't happen. That is my only goal here. My only goal is to keep him alive. They are not prepared. They're getting prepared. I'm hearing there's been some movements in the Air Security branch that protects against the drone stuff and that's a good thing. But those sensors and that surveillance technology were requested at Mar-a-Lago a long time ago. And the prior director's team said quote, we don't secure nightclubs. This is the kind of stuff they need. And they better get on that air picture fast because I'm telling you as a guy who's been there that that's gonna be the way this goes down and everybody knows it.


Should we play this Christopher Ray clip to wrap this up? Let's play it. You wanna see why we need, by the way, a new FBI director in Cash Patel and Christopher Ray needs to be fired. I'll wrap up with this, but it's a good one. Here's the great Rand Paul questioning Christopher Ray about why the FBI was surveilling American citizens using 7 0 2 and other things like that. And Christopher Ray just totally denying it like it never happened. Pretending this is just normal social media monitoring. This guy's gotta go check this out. Companies are referring information to the FBI with investigative value relating to foreign malign influence. Now there'd probably be a great deal more tolerance about that if it's foreign malign influence. But the question is, are you also receiving information on, so-called domestic, but what?


What would that mean? Is someone questioning whether paper ballots are an accurate way of running election? Is that good enough for you to be getting our private informations because we have a political beef with the way votes are counted or recorded in our country? Is that something that you're collecting information on? Are you, are they giving you information on private things that you've told them? Well, we, people who question the election we want, we want to hear about these people and so then they're giving you this information. Are you receiving information like that? I'll Give you two classic examples that I think happen with some frequency. One, if we supply information to say Facebook or any number of other technology companies about foreign accounts, Russian Intelligence service for example, accounts, they, when they then look in their system for those accounts, they often find other accounts related to those and they provide tips and leads back to us about those.


That's one example. A second would be a situation where a technology company encounters a threat of violence on their platform, on their services, and they provide tips and leads to us and we follow up on those threats of violence. There's probably not a lot You, you get it? So if Christopher Ray deems you a Russian connected account, you may say, well, what's the metric for that? Whatever the hell they think it is, then they go in and spy on you. You get why the Russian collusion hoax was so important to them and why we need K Patel in there. Wait till he gets in there and open the books and looks at what the FBI metrics are for Russian related accounts. I think you're gonna find out a lot of you may be Russian related.


You're like, I don't have any ties to Russia. Exactly. Thank you folks. Thanks again for tuning in over 160,000 again on a Tuesday. We love you guys. Best audience out there, Bonino, Army Growing Strong every single day. Please go to Rumble dot com slash bonino as you can see on the screen, click that subscribe button. We appreciate it. Download the Rumble app. Join us every day at 11:00 AM Eastern time and then go to Apple and Spotify podcast apps. We deeply appreciate your support. Look for The, Dan, Bongino, Show. Give us a follow there too. See you here on the radio show on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.