
Hey there. Good morning and welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us as always. We have a really big show today, really, really big. We've been talking all week about Ed Martin becoming the US attorney for Washington, DC permanently. We have some at first Unfortunate News, and then an interesting twist on that subject. And I think the role that you specifically played in how all of this is eventually going to play out. We can't wait to get into that. We've got a new Pope. Did you see that Pope Leo the 14th is here? Yeah. We'll, we'll take a closer, a little bit closer. Look at that. Also, Joe Biden got rolled out of his casket just to perform on the View yesterday alongside his caretaker, Jill Biden.


That was ridiculous. I've got so much to get to. Can't wait to do it with you today on a Friday. Appreciate you always being here. You're the best, the best damn audience in media. Let me thank our sponsors that make all of this possible.


You know, this July, there's a global summit of Brix nations. There is. It's in Rio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The block of emerging superpowers that includes China, Russia, India, Iran. They're all meeting with a goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans, global demand for US dollars could decrease, and that'll bring down the value of the dollars in your savings while this transition won't happen overnight. The so-called Rio Reset in July does mark a pretty pivotal moment because brick's objectives could move decisively from theoretical possibility toward reality. Learn of diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group, well, they can help you move your hard-earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free info kit, so simple on gold by texting my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating. With, with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. You should let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Data and message rate supply.


All right, so we have an update here on Ed Martin, which is annoying. It, it annoys me what's happening right now with Ed Martin. It it, or at least it did yesterday. We've been talking all week about how this is the guy who needs to be the permanent US attorney for Washington dc and as a result, you have been placing endless phone calls and faxes and door knocks to the office of North Carolina. Senator Tom Tillis, Tom Tillis, who was the chief impediment to Ed Martin getting this job full-time. And quite unfortunately, it looks like Tom Tillis won in this effort to stop him because yesterday my White House correspondent Reagan Reese had an opportunity to talk to the president, asked him about Ed Martin's nomination, and here's what it looked like as the president announced to the world answering Reagan's question that it looks like Ed Martin's nomination is dead and is being withdrawn.


Take a look here. He's a terrific person. And he wasn't getting the support from people that I thought, You know, he is done a very good job. Crime is down 25% in DC during his period of time. I'm very disappointed in that, but I have so many different things that I'm doing now with the trade. You know, I'm one person I can only make, boom, I can only lift that little phone so many times in a day. But we have somebody else that will be great. I just wanna say, ed is unbelievable and hopefully we can bring him into, whether it's DOJ or whatever in some capacity. 'cause really outstanding. It was, to me, it was disappointing.


I'll be honest, I have to be straight. I was disappointed. A lot of people were disappointed, but that's the way it works sometimes, You know, that's the way it works. And he wasn't rejected, but we felt it would be very, it would be hard. And we have somebody else that will be announcing over the next two days who's, who's gonna be great. Yeah. Alright, so there's a president saying, yeah, ed Martin, it was, we hadn't even got to the vote yet, but it was gonna be hard. So we, I'm deciding to withdraw that nomination, which again, I really wanted to see that guy there. And, and the thought process is, well, if Tom Tillis succeeds in getting rid of this guy, well then who could possibly come in that he would support? Who, if the next person is, is supported by Tom Tillis?


Doesn't that suggest something is kind of lame about the person who's replacing Ed Martin? Well, let me share with you some news that gave me some confidence yesterday in the wake of that, by now you've likely seen, but I just wanna emphasize, this is amazing stuff. Here we go. President Trump hosting the truth, social, the following. I'm pleased to announce that Judge Janine Pirro will be appointed interim United States attorney for the District of Columbia. Janine was assistant district attorney for Westchester County, New York, and then went on to serve as county judge and district attorney, where she was the first woman ever to be elected to those positions.


He's right about that. And, and Judge Janine as a prosecutor was completely fierce. She was an amazing prosecutor with, she's a clear thinker. She's tough, she's aggressive, she was impressive. And so this is amazing. This piece of news, judge Janine, it's a, it's kind of funny. It's like, oh, so the establishment got rid of Ed Martin. Like, oh, ed Martin's not gonna do the job. Okay, fine. We'll give you Judge Janine. So this will start another 120 day clock, another 120 day clock. Because remember, ed Martin is in this role in an acting capacity. He's been there now approaching 120 days on May 20th.


Judge Janine starts the new clock of another 120 days. And we are seeing some reports that President Trump does intend on nominating her full time to be the US attorney for the District of Columbia. In fact, as of yesterday, after this announcement, Fox basically issued Fox News where Judge Janine was working up until yesterday, basically thanked her for all the time she's been there. I think she's been at the network for 15 years now. And President Trump even talks about that in his post here. He says that in addition to her legal career, Janine previously hosted her own Fox News Show, justice with Judge Janine for 10 years, and is currently co-host of the five, one of the highest rated shows on television.


Janine is incredibly well qualified for this position and is considered one of the top district attorneys in the history of the state of New York. She is in a class by herself. Congratulations, Janine. So this is, this is a massive, massive announcement, judge Janine Pirro, a very talented prosecutor on a fierce fighter for the American first agenda. You've seen that all the time. And now, so if the establishment was waking at Ed Martin being in the role, what are they gonna do with Judge Janine there? Now here's what I want you to know about your role in all of this. Now, ed Martin, of course, that nomination goes down. I've got more news on Ed Martin in a minute, including you are going to hear from him.


I, I can't wait to share this with you. Before I get, before I get to that though, here's what happened with Tom Tillis. Tom Tillis came out yesterday immediately, immediately and said, Janine Pirro has had a long and storied career as a prosecutor, and she's a great choice by the president to serve as US attorney for DC exclamation point. Tom Tillis instantly came out and said, oh yes, Janine's great. Janine's great, Janine's great. You know what this is? You know what? This is, this posterior by Tom Tillis. This is him begging you for mercy. This is him hearing from you all week long and beyond the relentless contact that you've made to him in his office, the relentless contact that North Carolina voters have made to him.


And the fact is, you've got all sorts of people who are coming after him and saying, you're done, buddy. Next year is, is your election year. Now primary time Tom Tillis after what you've done. And he keeps doing it over and over. He did it to Pete Hegseth. He did it with Trump's tariffs. He's doing it. We did it with Ed Martin. And now he's trying to cry uncle. He is throwing in the tally saying, Jeanine Pirro, she's great. She's great. Basically. Please spare me. Have some mercy. Have some mercy. Oh, this is funny. Look at this. John Rich just posted about 25 minutes ago. Let's see, see what John Rich has to say. I haven't even seen this. This is him posting writing. Tom Tillis's comments, You were wrong.


You went so North Carolina, you going to be gone, gone, gone when that 26 election rolls around. Thanks for nothing, Thom, go get 'em, judge Janine. Yes, yes. I love that. Thanks for nothing, Thom. Oh, that's hilarious. So good. Go get 'em, judge Janine. So Judge Janine coming in. John Rich coming in hot today. Thumb not looking good for you next year. Not looking good at all. You could have made this so easy. You could have just taken the right guy and had him in the job instead.


Now We got Judge Janine, a good move by the President and, and another great hit by John Rich. We're getting a lot of good stuff out of all of this. You messed it up thumb, you really messed it up. All right, so now we've got, I've got another update for you on what's going on with Ed Martin. So what follows is Ed Martin is not leaving the, the administration, in fact, he's sticking around. Take a look at this now. President Trump posting the truth social yesterday afternoon. Ed Martin has done an amazing job as US Attorney, as the interim US attorney. And that's true. I I just to emphasize something about Ed Martin, and you heard the president say it too, crime is down by 25% in the District of Columbia.


In the short time that Ed Martin has been the US attorney, that's a massive improvement. Ed Martin is actually prosecuting people who are arrested in the District of Columbia. That is not what his predecessor Matthew Graves was doing under Joe Biden. They were just letting criminality run rampant, and then they were crushing Donald Trump's supporters in the form of all of those January 6th prosecutions. That's what the left does. When they get power, they hurt their political opponents. Ed Martin's been prosecuting bad guys. Here's what the president's saying now. He's saying that Ed Martin is now moving to the Department of Justice as the new director of the Weaponization Working Group.


Let's be more specific about what that means. The weaponization of our federal government against you, against American citizens, against Trump supporters, against Catholics, against Christians, against pro-lifers who are singing church hymns outside of abortion mills. Now you take Ed Martin, a great American patriot who has moved with aggression against criminality, who has spoken out against the RICO violations of the left, the abuses of their power. And you say, yeah, let's make him the director of the Weaponization Working Group inside of the Justice Department. And it's not just random guy, it is now going to be Associate Deputy Attorney General Ed Martin in that role.


And he will also be tasked with handling pardons. He is a pardon attorney for the United States Department of Justice President Trump focusing like crazy on this, on, on Ed Martin and giving him all these jobs. All right, so this is huge. This is huge. Congratulations, ed. Ed. He says in, in all of these very important roles. Wonderful. So now we've got, we, Tom Tillis is like, what an idiot this guy is Tom Tillis. In the end, he ended up accidentally giving us just huge gifts here where Judge Janine Pirro comes in as the US attorney in dc They're gonna hate her.


The left is gonna hate it. They already hate her. Now they're gonna despise her as US Attorney, and I'm gonna love her as US attorney for DC Ed Martin heads over to the Justice Department, but before he gets there, or at least very rapidly, guess what privilege we have here? Right here on this program. Coming up on Monday, we are going to be speaking with Ed Martin. Ed Martin is coming on the show. He will be live in studio Ed Martin coming in. In fact, I just got a text this morning to confirm all of this. You ready for the, for the preview of what this will be about? Ed Martin is confirmed in Studio Monday.


Quote, he's ready to go scorched earth. He is ready to go. Scorched Earth. End quote. Get ready. Scorched Earth. Ed Martin arriving Monday on VINCE, we have a big conversation coming up with him. So I I look forward to lots of questions for him, including, You know what, what's this gonna be like working on the weaponization working group, working inside of the Justice Department? What are you gonna be looking at specifically in that role? Fascinated by that. What were your conversations like with Tom Tillis? Why did he throw you under the bus when you heard him say that you would be a perfectly good pick for any other US attorney role in the country, yet not dc.


What does that tell you exactly? How can you take such an incoherent position as a United States Senator? So we'll get, we'll get Ed Martin's reaction to all of this, maybe some of his conversations, if any, with the President of the United States, his thoughts about you, your reaction to supporting him through this process. So we've got a lot to get to Ed Martin coming up Monday on this program. The left has been conditioned to despise him though. So while you have been trying to elevate him, the left has been trying to tear him down. Joining forces, Adam Schiff and the left joining forces with Tom Tillis to tear this guy down. And nowhere was that more evident than yesterday on newsmax.


Ed Martin was doing a newsmax hit yesterday, a Newsmax appearance. And here the, here he is, cut 10. And while he is speaking to, I believe he was speaking to Rob Schmidt at the time, Schmidt posted about this. Ed Martin is is standing there in his trench coat and a deranged, emotionally incontinent leftist, walks up on him, figures out he's Ed Martin, and then spits on him, take a look. And so we, we need to get really focused. How you doing? Oh, whoa. You're disgusting, man. You see that?


You see that lady? Oh, is she walking her hamster? What was that? She, so she's walking in the streets of dc Ed Martin is doing a, a television appearance. She sees him and you can hear her say Ed Martin, there's other versions of this audio where it's probably a little more clear. You can hear her say Ed Martin at the beginning, she figures out who he is and then she just spits on him. She spits on him. Look at her. Anyone know this woman? Man, I'm glad I don't, I, the last thing I want in my life is a chick like that. Holy cow. So there she is. She's walking. Yeah. Does she have armpit hair? That stands to reason. Can we zoom in on the armpit hair? Can, let's get a, can we get a closeup on that?


Is that possible? Yeah. Enhance, enhance, enhance. All right, Glenn, we're trying. Look at this. The, if it's armpit hair, I don't know that those shadows are really helping the, the case here. Whoa. She, she could practically braid that stuff. Holy cow. Look at that. Let's just conclude it's armpit hair. Let's just go with that. Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. So the perp stands at about five foot three, it looks like. Yeah, she has, she has armpit hair. She's, she, she's walking her dog.


And if anybody recognizes her, let's go after. Hey. And, and I want to know, here's another thing. Here's another question for Ed Martin. When we get a Monday, have you, you got any leads on this chick? Because to be clear, what she's doing is assaulting a federal official. She's walking through the streets. She identifies him by name. So it's not, so even if this, if this went to a case, her cognizance of him being a federal official is obvious on his, she says his name and then she haws a luie on him and, and then storms off middle finger raised, You know, going crazy. These are psychos, these are psychopaths. You know, if I, if I saw a lefty on the street, I'm not spitting on them.


Will I have words for them? Sure, I might have words for them, but the idea that I'm gonna spit on them, I assault them. What are you a psycho? You are a psycho If you do that emotionally, incontinent, whack job walks up to Ed Martin and goes absolutely ballistic on the guy. So we'll see. You know, I look, somebody stole Christine Noam's purse. They got her in a few days. They figured out who it was and they busted up a whole, you know, theft ring. They went after that guy. So we'll see what happens with this psychopath, You know, and, and, and walking the dog. I mean, look, so easy to catch. This is as easy as catching the January 6th pipe bomber. You know, wait a second.


Did they ever catch, oh, that's right. They never cut the January 6th pipe bomber. No, they didn't. Yeah. Yeah. I'd still like some answers on that. Maybe Ed Martin can get to the bottom of that. Say, say that again. Gee, she, is she a fed? Oh yeah. No, I don't know. The feds, usually they go about concealing their identities a little bit more, or they dress up cartoonishly as if there's some right winger. They wrap themselves in the American flag before acting like idiots. No, she just looked like your standard issue psychopath walking through the streets of DC So maybe the cameras will catch her. We will see, but yes.


What, what was that? Special Ed is disagreeing on the armpit hair theory. Special ed says he thinks it was booby shadow. Could have been, it could have been. We will add it to the, to the bulletin board. Booby shadow as a possible explanation for what looked like a, a substantial amount of armpit hair. So, yes, we'll, we'll get the bulletin board up. We'll have yarn, we'll have push pins. We're gonna track this chick down the, the Spitting psychopath of Washington DC All right, more in a moment we've gotta get to, but, You know, boobies shadow you, you get, you have to always remember that in any good crime scene, that could be a factor.


Hey, You know something? Blackout coffee charges up my day every single day. And if it's not charging up yours already, it should Blackout coffee's great. Tastes so good. The owner of Blackout Coffee is a fellow called John, and he is the real deal. He built a great company, blackout Coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. You already know this is a brand that stands for the right values. Truly does. And it's delicious. That really is the key for me. That's the starter, at least for me. Is it good coffee? Yes, it's great coffee and it's a great American company. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And man, you're gonna get 20% off your first order, whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, and you will get 20% off your first order. Blackout coffee. Love me. Some blackout coffee. Yes. Yes.


All right. So not bad, huh? Not bad at all. We, we start, all right. I was worried actually when I heard the president say this yesterday to, to our good friend Reagan Reese. He's like, yeah, ed Martin didn't make it. He's out. And then somehow we ended up with several amazing stories as a result of all of that. Just one of those things. Let him cook. Let Trump cook, baby. Just trust the process. See what happens. It's gonna be good. And man, it'd be nice if Tom Tillis gets thrown outta the Senate next year, wouldn't it? Wouldn't it? You know, obviously with a Republican replacement in the primary process. That's what I'm talking about. Joe Biden is back. And there's a reason for that.


A very important reason for that. I want to get into to all of this. Joe Biden and his caretaker, Jill appeared on the View yesterday, and when Biden was asked a question about his mental cognition, his ability to process thoughts and communicate in English well, he failed. And so his wife had to dive in as an involuntary phone a friend, midway through the question and answer with the Lex Bittles over at the View, take a look. What is your response to these allegations? And are these sources wrong? They are wrong. There's nothing to sustain that, number one. Number two, you know, think of what, what we're left with.


We left with a circumstance where we, we had a insurrection. I started what we, that not sense of Civil War. They left with an insurrection sense Where we were in a position that we, well, the pandemic, because of the incompetence of the last outfit, right? End up over a million people dying. Lots of excuses for a crappy administration From a situation where we found ourselves unable to deal with a, a lot of just basic issues. And which I won't like thinking in interest of time. And so we went to work and We got it done on what? And You know, one of the things that, that, well, I, I'm, Well, and Alyssa, You know, one of the things he's lost, I think, is that the people who wrote those books were not in the White House with us.


And they didn't see how hard Joe worked Every single day. She's attacking journalism. You see that She's attacking journalism. Now, those reporters, they suck. We hate journalism. Everything they say is a lie. They weren't there. They didn't see how hard he was working every single day. Okay? All right, so that Joe Biden, you see that, that's now two clips, right? We saw B, b, C two days ago. We saw the View yesterday. And in both of those clips, proof positive that that man should be nowhere near any decisions whatsoever. That guy shouldn't decide what he's having for breakfast, let alone be made the leader of the free world, please.


It's crazy. And they were handholding him through the whole interview. They were going outta their way to try and make this an easy thing for him. And even in that capacity, he was failing. I mean, what a joke it is that anybody could seriously tell us last year. Oh, they, this guy should have a second term. Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah, he is. He's, he's non-comp Memphis. It's not gonna work. He's a vegetable. The guy's not even president. Someone else is running the show. It is crazy what's going on. He also was asked a question about Kamala Harris, and You know, Kamala lost. And he goes, well, the reason for that, the voters suck. So, so Jill attacked the media.


She said, the media sucks. And then Biden attacked the voters. He said, they're just too racist. And sexists, take a look. Cut three, here's Joe Biden saying, you're too racist and sexist to support Kamala. Why do you think the vice president lost? And were you surprised? Oh, I wasn't surprised. Not because I didn't think the vice president's most qualified person to be president. She is, she's qualified to be president of the United States of America. But I was surprised. I I, I wasn't surprised because they went the root of the sexist route, all the whole route. I mean, this was, oh, of course, a woman. And she's this, she's that. I mean, it really, I I've never seen quite a as successful of, and a consistent campaign undercutting the notion that a woman couldn't lead the country and a woman of mixed race.


Wow. Yeah. So sexism and racism. The reason she lost now, nevermind the fact that she can't speak English sentences and she doesn't have age as an excuse. Yeah. Nevermind the fact that people were horrified by the state of our economy under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Nevermind the fact that she was the border czar and led the biggest invasion of our country ever. Nevermind any of that. Nevermind the hundreds of thousands of Americans dying to drug overdoses, the hollowed out cities, the absolute destruction that these two idiots left in their wake. Nevermind that, no, the America didn't judge her on the merits. They just saw her race and her gender. And they said, I don't want any of that.


I don't want any of that. It's because of that, man, these people suck. Joe Biden so full of garbage. To the extent that he said he's coherent. He just says, it's your fault. It's your fault because you're a bad person. That's why CommonWell lost. That guy's a bad person. He really is. To attack his fellow countrymen that way. Disgusting. Totally disgusting. And totally apart for the course. What do I always say? Not shocking, but it is appalling. It's true. Yeah. No, it always, that always works for the left, doesn't it? When they just attack the voters, it always goes really well. You're just calling people deplorable and attacking them.


What did, what did? Yeah. He called, he called everyone garbage. Trump Biden called everybody garbage in the waning days of the campaign. That worked out really well for Kamala, actually. Way to go. Good assist Joe. Perfect timing at the end of that campaign. Now, there were, there were all sorts of crazy moments here. Joy Behar. Joy Behar was apparently told to ask a question. You've gotta ask him a question about the auto pen. Somebody told him. So they wrote down a question for him. Listen to this exchange about the auto pen signing all of these, signing all of these pardons. I promise I would ask you this question because not only they want me to ask it, okay? Not only is he obsessed with you, I'm blaming you for everything.


He's also obsessed with the fact that you used an auto pen to sign the pardons you issued right before you left office with members of your immediately family. Now he's calling for investigations and claiming the pardons are void and vacant. Oh, he's vacant. No, no, we are going to break. Because that was the dropping of the mind. What, What was the point of that exchange? Somebody at the network said, joy Behar has to ask a question about the Autopen. So they wrote a question out for her, she read the script, and then Joe Biden just goes, Come on, Come on.


And then the audience like Seals, they have an applause sign. So they're told to applause. They're, they're applauding. Yay. Yay, Joe, you did it, Joe. What, what was that? And then Whoopi goes to break. What a useless, useless exchange. There we go. We checked the box. Yeah. Did did they feel good about that? Oh, we definitely, we asked him what, he just held his hands up and he said, Come on, man. That didn't help anything. That didn't help anything that, that, So I mean, and this is at the center of critical questions. Ed Martin, who was, You know, up until today, he has been the US attorney in, in Washington dc He's been sending letters, requests to Biden World saying, Hey, was Biden competent at the time all these pardons were signed, these autopen pardons did.


Was he with it? Because it sure seems like he wasn't the constitutionality of these pardons very much in question. If the president can't even think straight, might be good to get to the bottom of that, huh? And all of the books are coming out now that say, yeah, no, Biden couldn't think straight. The media now willing to tell the truth now that the stakes are so much lower and they can profit off of the truth. So they wanna share this story with you that he's losing it. The guy's mentally incompetent, he can't do the job. And here's one, two more things, or two more quick things on this interview. One of them is Jill. Jill was asked Lady Mc Biden was asked about the fact that she built a cocoon around Joe to prevent him from having access to the outside world, even to people in the White House.


Take a look at this. Here's Jill Biden saying, no, no, a cocoon me. I never built a cocoon around the guy. Take a look. Yeah. So, Dr. Biden, I do wanna ask you, naturally, you are your husband's fiercest advocate and a close advisor, and it's been reported that you created a sort of cocoon around him and kind of limited his interactions with the media and others. Do you Think, look at him staring stupidly just into the distance. He has no idea where to look. He's just grinning and staring like an idiot. There he is. Oh, look at him. Oh, oh, he's, he is now with it Kind of limited his interactions with the media and others.


Do you think you could have been too close to the situation to objectively gauge whether he could handle a full four, four Year? I, I was with Joe Day and night. I saw him more than any other person. I went, woke up with him. I went to bed at night with him. So I saw him all, She tucked him in. She tucked him into bed every night. Yep. She saw him all the time. Everything she's saying is very North Korean All throughout the day. And I did not create a cocoon around him. I mean, you saw him in the Oval Office. You saw him making speeches. He wasn't hiding somewhere. I didn't have him. You know, sequ, Remember when they, he gave that speech, and he was with George Clooney and Obama, and he had to be led off stage.


Barack Obama had to lead him off stage because his brain stopped working and his motor function ceased up. So Obama has to guide him off the stage. And then the White House spent weeks telling us that If you notice that, that was a deep fake, you're an idiot for believing the quote, deep fake, it was rigged video. And then George Clooney came out in the New York Times and wrote her op ed saying that the thing that they were calling deep fakes was real, and that he really did fail on that stage. And so, here's Jill lying to you. How big is the lie? Look at her arms. She's showing you that big, that big, it's actually bigger. She's even lying about how big the lie is.


She's saying, I was with him all the time. He was totally fun. You lie, you disgusting, selfish liar, Picking speeches. He wasn't hiding somewhere. I didn't have him, You know, sequestered in some place. I mean, that's where she had, was that hurtful to you when they were describing you as Lady Macbeth? All of those, yes. It was very hurtful. It was very hurtful, especially from some of our so-called friends, Lady Macbeth. Lady Macbeth. The blood is on her hands and she can't scrub it off. Lady Mc Biden. There she is. Now this, this rift that she just did, as You know, is a lie.


And Mark Halperin, the journalist also says, it is a lie. He's come out and said, this is a lie. What Jill Biden was saying, take a look at Halperin's assessment of all of this. He's like, I, look, I've talked to sources. She is lying to you. The president was on the view for almost the entire hour today. The former president, Joe Biden, he was joined for much of the interview, part of the interview by Jill Biden, could hear a lot about it. And, and I talk a lot about it on next up on my podcast. So If you want to hear Even More, BCHA and I talked about it, but highlights, no huge news. It was 11 in the morning, not 11 at night. He was, he, he, he looked his age, but he, he was not incoherent or, yeah, he was, You know, one would look at that and say, he had, he's deteriorated.


Yes, He is. Even More, yes, he, yes he Is. But there were moments when, when he, he kind of looked a little halting in his speech, and they actually said stuff. Both Biden said stuff they've never said before about the election, not huge news. The things that caught my ear. He, he said, Kamala Harris lost because of Covid racism and sexism. Idiot. He said that they denied that Joe Biden had played any role in limiting his access to the public. Which again, not just not true on the face of it, but that's what she said. He, the President Biden repeated that the only reason he gave up the nomination was because the party was, the elites in the party were divided.


He said, that's why he gave up the nomination. That's not technically true, I don't believe. Anyway, so lie after lie after lie, basically, Joe Biden's entire political career condensed into a ridiculous few interview. So what's the point? Why is Biden even rolling out right now? What's the, why is Jill strapping Joe Biden to a gurney and then rolling him out to these interviews here? Joe, say something here. What is going on here? Why are they even doing it now? Yes, books are coming out. Books are coming out telling the truth about Joe Biden. So maybe in some way this is a, a face saving exercise that they just need to, that it's about his legacy. He needs to protect his legacy from all of these squirrels attacks.


But I'm here to tell you, there's something deeper going on. There's something a lot deeper going on. Halperin Halperin continues to be a source on this. I wanna, I wanna bring up what he has to say in a separate video on the subject. So the, okay. And I will, in just a moment. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get into the details of why it is that the Bidens are now suddenly popping out. What's going on here? Why are Joe and Jill, why is Jill doing this to him? Because there's a, there's a, there's a genuinely good reason. And once you hear it, you'll be like, that makes perfect sense. That makes perfect sense. We'll do that in just a moment. I gotta thank our sponsors.


Quick obscene profit. Time out as El Rush. Bo used to say, You know, I've been using the Bone charge infrared sauna blanket. They denied that Joe Biden had played any role in limiting What's going on here. What is going on here? I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask ever since they've sent them to me, I can't recommend them enough. I really love them. I, I first turned to the sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery and detoxification. It's a sauna in my house. It's so cool. It's a game changer. It's easy to use. You just wrap yourself up and you let the infrared heat work its magic. And it's created a real difference for me in terms of relaxing and rejuvenating. You feel great afterward. And then the red light face mask has been awesome. My wife especially loves it. She wears it to improve her skin's texture and complexion, reduce inflammation. You get fantastic results. It's like having a mini spa treatment right at home. If you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head to bun charge.com and use the code VINCE at checkout and get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on helping my wellness routine. I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bone charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. These products are not intended, diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


That's right. Also, fast-growing trees, fast-growing trees. I adore fast-growing trees. I love this website. It is so easy to use. And delivery is just like that. And all of a sudden you've got a beautiful tree that's safely delivered to your home that you can plant, obviously. And when you plant it, you'll stare at it and you'll say, didn't we do a good thing? Yes, you did. Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, so much more tired of staring at your neighbors every time you walk out the door. Put a tree in front of them, you can do it. Whatever plants you're interested in. Fast growing trees has you covered. Order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape Fast growing trees has been great for my yard. It's gonna be great for yours this spring. They've got the best deals for your yard, up to half off on Select Plants and other great deals and listeners to this show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast growing trees.com for details. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it is true. The, the, if your neighbor's yard looks like garbage, you can put a tree in front of it. You don't have to stare at it all the time. So it's a good, that's a life pro tip right there. Pro, pro tip for life.


Okay, so why is Joe Biden all of a sudden appearing in public? What is the point of this? Why didn't he just ride off into the sunset? Why is he under so much pressure to do a presidential memoir right now? And he has to do it in under a year? He declared, he said yesterday to the View, he's like, it's very fast. I don't know why they're trying to force me to do it this quickly. There's a reason. And the reason is this, the Biden family is running outta money. They're running out of money. The Biden crime family has lost their source of revenue because Joe Biden doesn't have power anymore.


That's the explanation. And there is a frantic push right now to get it back. Biden Inc has collapsed. All those Biden grandkids had a lavish lifestyle, which they very much liked. Hunter made hundreds of thousands of dollars, millions of dollars. Joe as a former president, is not in a position to get the same kind of paid speeches, corporate boards, book deal. Biden Inc. Needs a source of revenue. And Hunter does, even though he was pardoned, he's not gonna prison. Hunter does not have great earning capacity. And you look at the rest of the family, not Wait, wait, wait. The paintings aren't worth A lot. No, the paintings are not worth a lot. So, so what I'm positing for you guys to, to weigh in on Dan first is, is my source, right?


Is what's at least part of this is about, is the reality that Biden inc. The, the, the trough is empty. The spigot has, has shut down. They need a way to get back in the game to make big money, to have, have the grandchildren fed and clothed and flown first class, et cetera. Okay? Yeah. Other than the, the very end where he is like, well, it's about feeding and clothing the grandchildren. Well drive for Uber, then you can figure that out. What are you talking about? But the rest of it, that's, that sounds exactly right. You can tell it's one of those things when somebody says something like that, like, nailed it. Perfect. Nailed it. I know exactly what's going on here. They're trying to rescue themselves. So what happens on the way out the door?


Joe Biden pardoned his entire family or whoever used the Autopen machine. They did that for a reason. Why would they pardon the whole family? Because the whole family is guilty of raiding the coffers of the American people, or at least exploiting their access to power in order to enrich themselves. So that game is over. Joe Biden is out of office. And so now, because it's the left we're talking about once they dispense with you, including if you're on their side and they were using you for power, they're willing to divide you up and sell you off for parts if they can get a benefit out of it, which is what's happening at the moment.


We have lefties in the media who are now beginning to tell the truth about Biden's mental condition in order to profit off it. Because there's no risk to the Democrats by them doing this. No risk. In fact, it ratifies the behavior of the Democrats to unseat him, to replace him with Kamala. And it enriches the journalists who now feel safe to tell this story without any political consequence. So every, it's a win, win win for everybody except for Biden. Biden is losing here. Biden's lost his source of income. Jill has lost her sugar. Daddy Hunter has lost his sugar daddy. Everybody's lost access to the money here. So there is, this is a desperate scramble to restart the income.


That's what you're seeing play out right now. So, we'll in other, in other words, we're gonna see more of it. And I love Sean Spicer there. Whatcha saying, wait a second. The paintings weren't worth anything. I, I thought they thought the paintings were were bringing in some cash. Yeah, they only brought in cash when Joe was in the White House. Remember how stupid that whole lie was? Oh, Hunter's paintings were being sold. He'll never know who the buyers are. And then he instantly knew who all the buyers were. Yeah, that was by design. And all the buyers were being invited to the White House and a part of, they were given like fancy titles and they were joining commissions. It was all scam. It was pay for play. As always. It's the whole, his whole career has been pay for play.


And so that's all they know how to do. So they're trying to go back to it. They're trying to go back to it right now. We will see, I got a lot more, a lot more for you today. We do have Pope Leo the 14th. I, I won't dive into Pope Leo too much. I mean, you've probably seen all the coverage by now. He's a dual citizen. He's a citizen of the United States in Peru, and he's got, he's, he's got some adherence to good to in some sense, some, You know, social important social Catholic teachings. Peter Hassan pulled this up yesterday. This is just, just a quick post from that, that Peter Hasen great reporter, pulled, he said in a 2012, addressed to bishops.


Now Pope Leo lamented that Western news media and popular culture have been fostering sympathy for beliefs and practices that are at odds with the gospel. He cited the homosexual lifestyle and alternative families comprised of same-sex partners and their adopted children. So that's consistent with Catholic teaching there. And as Bishop in Shale, a city in northwestern Peru, he opposed a government plan to add teachings on gender in schools. The promotion of gender ideology is confusing because it seeks to create genders that don't exist. He told local news media, well good. That's, that's all well and good. Now, simultaneously, he does have posts where he was criticizing JD Vans and he seems to be closer to Pope Francis on being a scold about us securing our borders.


But we'll see. Give him time. I'm praying for him. I hope he does. Right. And glad that process is resolved. There's new Pope. And again, just like with all these guys, I'm just gonna keep them in my prayers that they actually follow the will of the Holy Spirit. That's what, that's what is important to me. Okay, let me move on though. Speaking of transgender issues, you see Pete Hegseth is firing all the transgender troops. Yeah. Pete Hegseth canning all of the transgender troops in the United States military. He's given them the old easy way or hard way out. Take a look. Here's, here's Pete Hegseth announcing this on, on Twitter on X. Just let's just, just yesterday take a look.


Here we go. Here at the Defense Department, we continue to relentlessly pursue the President's agenda, especially on readiness. He put out an executive order a week into his presidency stating the prioritizing military excellence and readiness that expressing a false gender identity, divergent from an individual sex cannot satisfy the rigorous standards necessary for military service. We agree. And so we implemented that policy. It was challenged in court, and of course we appealed. And two days ago at the Supreme Court, our policy was upheld. And so we're gonna continue to advance that policy here at the Defense Department. So in accordance with policy, now, reinstated service members who have a current diagnosis or history of, or exhibit exhibit symptoms consistent with gender dysphoria may elect to separate, voluntarily, voluntarily the timeline here and then eventually involuntarily if necessary.


This is the president's agenda. This is what the American people voted for, and we're gonna continue to relentlessly pursue it. I love it. I love it. What did he say earlier this week, Chad? What did he say earlier this week? What did he say about all this woke ideology? Go ahead. You tell me while I pull up the, the details here. So Hegseth canning all of the, the people who are playing gender bending games in the military. Yes, indeed. Those firings are coming soon. Oh, hints, hints. J 79, the first I'm seeing in the chat done with that shit. Yes, they're done with that shit. That's what Hegseth said.


And so, yeah, I'm rooting that on. We're done with this shit. All right. Yeah. Reuters has the piece here on the subject that the military is set to start kicking out transgender troops next month, according to this memo, just out, he's issued internal instructions to the Pentagon to start kicking out transgender troops who don't elect to leave on their own. By June 6th, according to this memo obtained by Reuters, the Pentagon, not immediately responding to a re request for comment. Somebody called Jennifer Levi, who may or may not actually be a woman with Glad Law, the pro lgbtqia plus legal group said It is just shameful.


It is just shameful. Said Jennifer Levi. Yeah, no, it's not. No, it's not. It's perfectly appropriate. Actually, it's perfectly respectable that Pete Hegseth and President Trump are doing this. But the left, You know, they're crazy. Let's be honest. They're very crazy. In fact, one of the men who's play acting as a woman, as a woman, as a woman, a man who is pretending to be a female congresswoman, was just riding a choo choo train to the house floor yesterday and was dead naming the Gulf of Mexico. Did you see this? I can't even believe this is happening. Here we go. This is, this is a guy, his name is Tim McBride.


He goes by the name Sarah. He calls himself Sarah. I'm Sarah. He declares, and here he is riding the choo choo train to the house floor yesterday and complaining about the Gulf of Mexico getting a name change to the Gulf of America. We Are on our way to the house floor to vote on what is possibly the dumbest bill. We could be spending our time on legislation to change the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. This is ridiculous. And look, you might think that we're doing this because it's another opportunity for House Republicans to be sym fantic for the man in the White House. But the other reason why we are doing this is despite how unpopular this name change is, they would rather us talking, be talking about mixing the Gulf of Mexico, rather than talking about how house Republicans are.


Can You believe he is deadnaming the Gulf of Mexico? Can you believe how bigoted that is to use that name? That is not the name. It's the Gulf of America. Now, dude, can't call it the Gulf of, I can't even say it. That's how offensive it is to deadname something, deadnaming the Gulf of Mexico, trying To nick healthcare for millions of America. They would rather us talk about the Gulf of Mexico than talk about how Donald Trump's reckless and erratic tariff policy is thrashing the economy, changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico in this economy. What the hell are we doing Here? Okay. Ugh. Ugh.


So that's a dude. That's Tim McBride goes by Sarah. I'm Sarah. Sure you are, dude. And yes, armpit hair. Do we, we suspect armpit hair on, on Tim. Probably very, very likely that he too has armpit hair. Was he seen spitting on Ed Martin? This is not the same person, is it? I don't think So. I think I, I think that was a real woman. The first one who was spitting on Ed Martin, a real emotionally incontinent woman. There's a Tim, Tim McBride, Congressman Tim McBride riding a choo choo train and deadnaming the Gulf of Mexico.


So that's, that's what the, the Democrats are up to. Boy, does any party ever deserve to be out of power quite as much as the Democrats? That's crazy. That's really crazy. And also, these Democrats, they abuse their power. You see that? Well, we've got a lot, let me see, I've got Jasmine Crockett pretending political violence is a, is something that, that comes from the right. It's a, it's a, it's a phenomenon on the right. I'm sorry, what? It's a phenomenon on the right. Do we have, yeah, here we have cut nine. Take a look at Jasmine. Crazy Crockett, If you can stomach it. Here she is saying violence is you, that's you, that's your fault.


They try to act like, oh, political violence. It's the Democrats and it's the liberals. And it's like, actually, it's actually, actually, actually, I mean, I'm not gonna say that like a left leaning person cannot be violent. 'cause that would be like crazy to say that somebody can't be, but by that Never stopped you before Y'all got the white supremacist galore. Okay? Like all of them. You got the proud boys, you got, you got the neo-Nazis. You have people that literally should be classified as domestic terrorists, because a lot of times that is what they are doing. They're engaging in domestic terrorism. And guess what? They all align with your side. Oh, she, Ted k kk.


So like, I mean, KKK is who her party's Operation lines that, so like inherently in like who you are, y'all are violent. Yeah, y'all are violent. She says. Now of course, she's completely ignoring the fact that left wing violence has been what's paralyzing our country. As cities get burned, as government buildings get burned to the ground, as police officers are routinely attacked and killed as the left keeps welcoming violence in the form of dangerous, violent, illegal aliens into the country. They, they spit on Ed Martin in the middle of the street. Yeah. Oh, look at that, right Winger.


Look at her. Oh, she's so conservative. How many times has she voted for Trump? Could hacky hack Doy Hacky? She's, she's spitting on Ed Martin because she's a Trump voter. Obviously she wants to signal her support for him. It was a, it was a gift. It was generous of her. This is madness. This is madness. Also totally a historic, by the way, her party, the Democrats talk about a brand that has somehow survived history without deserving it. This brand is defined by its bigotry, its violence, its insurrection, its destruction. It is, it is just dis disgraceful the Democrat brand.


Can you imagine calling yourself a Democrat and every, all the baggage that comes along with that? Well, yeah. If you just ignore all of the history of that party and then just pretend like the Republican party's history is yours, then you're like, oh yeah, I'm, I'm fine with that. That's Jasmine Crockett. Ugh. Anyway, so Jasmine Crockett is crazy. Texas is awesome. I don't know how they produce Jasmine Crockett, but Texas is awesome. But there is some craziness going on with Democrats in Texas. You know, the Sheila Jackson Lees of the world, the, the Jasmine Crocketts and the Democrats who've been rigging elections in Texas. Have you seen this? Take a look at this. Shameless Democrats rigging elections in Texas.


Libs of TikTok describing it. Well, holy crap. Six Texas officials were just indicted on voter fraud charges, including a Democrat judge, city council members and a school board member. And then there's all the names, Rochelle, la Lozano Camacho, the judge. Judge Camacho Ramirez Trevino per city council member Adrian Ramirez, Carlos Segura, Rachel Garza, Rosa Rodriguez. Here's other mugshots. There they are Democrats who committed voter fraud. A bunch of 'em. And here are all the charges that have been dropped against these guys. You know, there's a whole bunch of charges here.


The daily caller has a great report on this Democrat judge indicted for voter fraud in Texas. This Democrat judge and five other individuals were indicted for election crimes after running a vote harvesting scheme. But VINCE, that's not supposed to happen. Oh, it happened. They, they've been charged. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton announced Wednesday, judge Rochelle Lazano Camacho, an elected Democrat judge in Rio County, Texas was just charged with three counts of vote harvesting during her 2022 primary campaign. She did it apparently in league with her sister, the county's trustee, the election administrator who's been charged as well. The election administrator, two personal Texas City council members and an additional woman were all also indicted.


It was a multi-year investigation launched in 2022 after Camacho's opponent in the primary, a woman called Mary Moore filed a complaint. Moore accused Camacho of hiring a longtime Democrat operative to gather up mail ballots, complete applications, and even drive voters to polling locations. She allegedly paid them between 1,520 $500. Oh, so they were illegally harvesting ballots and they were paying operatives to do it. Camacho allegedly targeted, this is how they always do it. Elderly voters in Parasol, Texas subdivision, one of Camacho's partners in the scheme reportedly concealed ballots under her shirt. She hid it under her shirt and they used multiple vehicles to avoid detection from investigators.


Yeah. So how much more do you think this is happening? How about all over the place? The election was a close one. And so the vote harvesting made all the difference as they took advantage of elderly people. The Democrats love doing this in California, it's, it's legal to ballot harvest. That's where a third party takes the ballot and then decides whether or not it gets dropped off at the polling place at all. And so Democrats will send operatives into old folks homes in California. They will get all the old elderly people, all the Joe Bidens who are sitting around the room and get them to fill out ballots. And if they can't fill it out on their own, they'll, they'll guide their hand or they'll do it for them. Oh, I'll fill it out for you. No, don't you worry. I got this all taken care of. They seal those up, they leave, and then they stack votes for Democrats taking advantage of the elderly, which is disgraceful, which should be charged.


These people should be rotting in jail for doing that to old people. But that, that's the left for you. So some Democrats caught doing what Democrats never do according to the media, which is voter fraud. Another, another judge being charged in the United States of America. That's good. That's good news. Speaking of news on Monday, remember Ed Martin, a massive, massive interview with Ed Martin and his role in the Trump administration. Don't miss it. Coming up Monday.