
Oh, How the tables have turned. Tisch James. Now subject to criminal referral by the Trump administration. Have we reached the find out phase? I think we have. I think we're in the find out phase. Great to have you with us today on VINCE, always great to have you with us. The best damn audience in all of media. And let me say, we've got the Letitia James story today who is literally guilty of the thing that she accused Trump of being guilty of classic case of left wing projection. We've got updates on all of the swatting instance instances, more conservative now being subjected to these terror attacks by the left. We'll get into the details. There are also Dan Bonino, the FBI, deputy director, responding to that.


We have some breaking news today involving going after the state of Maine that once again, the find out phase is in place as the state of Maine continues to allow boys to abuse girls in their system. That's not happening anymore according to the Trump administration. They're going after them. Now for that, I've got a lot to get to. Oh, and we've got Chris Van Holland, the ludicrous senator from Maryland going to visit the guy he says, is his constituent an MS 13 dude in El Salvador. He's flying to San Salvador as we speak. All of that ahead on VINCE, and of course, as always, for the live chat on Rumble, I'll be engaging with the with the Great Rumble Chat.


Love everybody here. Thank you for that. Good morning to you. And yes, I've rotated in a new bottle of bourbon for the set today. It's the, it's Maker's Mark's 2024 Heart Release special edition. Got it. Right here. Love that stuff.


Hey, let me, let me start by, as we do, by thanking our key sponsors here for making all of this possible, this amazing program, this amazing experience possible with the Maha movement in full force. I've been totally inspired to make my own health and fitness a total priority again, and this is why I'm very excited to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness, which is really an incredible American company. They have their commercial grade Power Rack Pro, and it's everything you need, everything that you need. It's dozens of feet away from me right now. The Power Rack Pro. I love it. And it helps you get a full body workout from home. The cable crossover system, the integrated 200 pound weight stacks and a Smith machine allow you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym you can do at home. My wife and I love it. My kid who's a swimmer, she loves it. She's constantly doing all the back workouts, trying to strengthen up for swimming competitions and only competing against girls, by the way. And it's just really great. I just got off it a short while ago. I was doing these, I don't even know how you say it, is Bayesian or beige. I was doing beige curls where you take the, you slide the cables down all the way to the bottom of the machine and you just get one handle on each side and then you basically lunge forward with these cables behind you and then you just pull just a nice tight bicep workout on this thing and you just get that weight up as high as you can possibly do it. Boy, full tension for the full range. It's really nice and, and I did it at home. I didn't have to go anywhere to do it because the Power Rack Pro is right here. You literally can work out on your machine Also if you need help with it. They've got the Get Jacked Up program. It has full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You literally just press play and you follow along. This is great, especially if you're just getting started. So listen, I'm doing this. You should do it too. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, this is gonna be epic. Go to get jacked up.com.


Yes, yes, yes. Okay, let me tell you about Big Tisch, which is hilarious. I love Mike Davis at the article three project is always calling her Big Tisch. I love that Big fat Fanny Willis, big Fat Tisch James. These are preposterous people who've grossly abused their power as government prosecutors in order to try and destroy their signature political opponent that would be President Donald J. Trump. And thankfully, president Trump, of course got the last laugh because he both won the election and is now apparently holding Tisch James, Letitia James, the Attorney General of the state of New York, accountable for what appears to be the crimes that she committed.


Now, lemme take you back in time in terms of how Letitia James came into being, who she is, what she stands for. Letitia James ran to become the State Attorney's general on the idea that she would destroy Donald Trump. She made it a part of her campaign. Oh, I'm going after him. He's surely committed crimes and we are going to use the weight of the, of, of the justice system in New York to hurt this man. Her goal, of course, was to debilitate him, to stop him from being able to mount yet another successful run for President of the United States. And she failed miserably in that goal. But it was not for a lack of trying. No, not at all. In fact, Letitia James in late 2023, you know, in the heat of the election, announced a lawsuit against President Trump accusing him of defrauding banks in order to secure loans at favorable terms.


You remember this saga? This is the one where the, the New York State establishment and Judge Arthur Geron, that lunatic, wild haired lunatic were accusing President Trump of overstating the value of Mar-a-Lago. And then these idiots insisted that Mar-a-Lago was valued at $18 million, which is as, as anybody who even has a cursory understanding of Palm Beach real estate would tell you, this is insanity. There's no way that Mar-a-Lago, that beautiful estate right next to the Palm Beach Airport would be worth eight. Right on the water is worth $18 million. You know, no, not at all.


It's a storied to state a beautiful estate and it's worth a lot more than 18 million bucks. And yet the state of New York kept saying that, oh, it's only $18 million under Letitia James under Arthur Anon. And so they go after President Trump for this. And in this rigged court where remember there were no victims here. All the banks said they were perfectly happy with their business with President Trump. They found no fault in his valuations. They said he routinely paid all of his obligations on time and they would love to do business with him again. Once again, a victimless scenario in a novel and abuse of use of the law. At the end of it, the the left imposed Arthur Anon imposed a massive, massive fine on President Trump for nothing.


For nothing. They concluded that he owed $355 million, $355 million in a civil fraud verdict. Take a look at this here I got the, I got the articles from the time, look at this Bad boy, A $355 million claim against President Trump after Friday's eye popping penalty in his New York civil fraud trial. The AP described gleefully in February of last year. He's gonna need his cash. A judge ordered the former president to fork over $355 million of his Fortune Plus interest finding. He lied for years about his wealth on financial statements that he used to secure loans and make deals as he built the real estate empire that vaulted him to fame and the presidency.


So this is insane, is what it is. A gross abuse of government power in a situation where nobody was victimized. And then in the last 24 hours, something really interesting has developed really fascinating and so, so sweet. Suddenly the Feds now have credible evidence that it's Letitia James who has been defrauding lenders, Letitia James, who has been telling lies, Letitia James, who has been securing loans through the use of those lies on favorable terms.


In other words, defrauding these lenders to her own benefit. That's the news now. And here we go. Here's the New York Post with a version of this reporting this morning. Trump administration reverse refers New York Attorney General Letitia James for potential prosecution over alleged mortgage fraud. New York Attorney General Letitia James, who infamously in infamously declared that no one is above the law when she was targeting Donald Trump, was just hit with a federal criminal referral for instances of alleged mortgage fraud. On Tuesday, according to a letter that was just obtained by the New York Post, that letter written by Federal Housing Finance Agency director William Pulte, who sent it to Attorney General, Pam Bondy and Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche alleging that that Letitia James, the Attorney General of New York, had falsified her own records to get home loans for a property in Virginia that she claimed was her principal residence in 2023 while still serving as a New York State prosecutor.


This occurred in late August of 2023 weeks before James began her civil fraud trial against the Trump organization for over-inflating the value of its properties, which ended in a $454 million judgment. That was initially, you get that detail, this fraud that the feds have discovered occurred in late August 23. That is just weeks before she prosecuted President Trump for what she herself had actually done. Oh, he is defrauding lenders. No sweetheart, you're defrauding, defrauding lenders. You're the one who did this.


This is a case of projection and it's instant. It's the second she's defrauding the lenders. She comes out and she goes, well, somebody else must be defrauding lenders. Maybe it's Donald Trump. Let's prosecute him. That's what happened. A little bit more for you. Now you have to take a look at this letter because the letter is dense with all sorts of scandalous information about how this all went down, how all of it went down. This is, these are the receipts you're looking for. Here's the, here's the information. Take a look. This comes to us, to us once again from the Federal Housing Service, the, the head of US Federal Housing, William Ey, who sends this letter to Pam Bondi and Todd Blanche.


And he said, based on media reports he's discovered Letitia James has in multiple instances, falsified bank documents and property records to acquire government backed assistance and loans in more favorable loan terms. This has potentially included the following. One falsifying her residence status for a Norfolk, Virginia based home in order to secure a lower mortgage rate. Here's I gotta tell you something about New York state law that you have to know here. Letitia James cannot by New York State Law live in another state if her residence is officially in a completely different state.


Her job is vacated, meaning she is not the Attorney General of the state of New York anymore. This case goes far beyond just who did she defraud when it came to a, to some banks, it goes to, to what extent did she defraud the people of the state of New York if she actually established her residence in a completely different state. New York state law dictates she's not allowed to be the Attorney General anymore. You are not allowed to hold public office in New York if you're not a resident of the state. And that would also mean that the ensuing prosecution of President Trump that took place just weeks later was itself a total scam for yet another reason because she wasn't the lawful attorney general of the state.


I am very eager to see where all of this goes. The the Trump administration identifying this, handing this now off to the Justice Department, the Attorney General Pam Bondy, and saying, now's your chance you can prosecute this. Here's what else we know. She's also believed to have, quote, misrepresented property descriptions to meet stringent requirements for government backed loans and government assistance. In other words, she's stealing from the taxpayers. On August 17th, 2023, this would be just weeks before she prosecuted Trump, Letitia James, granted someone called Chamise Thompson Hairston power of attorney to make a Virginia property, her principal residence.


And on August 30th and 31st through her attorney, Letitia James purchased this property in Norfolk in a Fannie Mae Freddie Mac form and in mortgage documents. She reaffirmed that would be Letitia James, that this would be her primary residence, despite being a statewide public office holder in the state of New York at the very same time and primarily residing in the state of New York. In fact, a building permit that was issued on her New York property on July 15th of this past year refers to it as the James residence and says it quote remains occupied. So she's now claiming two different properties as her quote, primary residence.


And anybody who's ever had to deal with taxes or mortgages or anything related to having a home or having a second home, say an investment property, you know that these distinctions are not meaningless. These are massive distinctions that give you meaningful financial advantages. And here she is taking ca taking advantage of the taxpayer primary residence. Mortgages receive more favorable loan terms, including lower interest rates than secondary residence mortgages. Lenders view secondary residents mortgages as significantly riskier as a borrower is more likely to continue paying off a primary residence during any financial hardship. Well, that makes a lot of sense.


If you fall on hard times and you can't make the bills work, what's the place that you're gonna work the hardest to keep? What's the home you live in your second home? Well, you might let some of those payments lapse. That's why lenders are concerned about that. Interest rates on secondary residence mortgages are typically from a quarter to half, a percentage point higher than their primary residence counterparts. However, this gap can actually widen depending on the lender at the time of the purchase. Letitia James was the Attorney General of New York and is required by law to have her primary residence in the state of New York, even though her mortgage application lists her intent to have the Norfolk, Virginia property as her primary home.


Isn't this amazing? Isn't this, lemme zoom in on that a little bit for you so we can see this better. It appears Ms. James's property and mortgage related misrepresentations may have continued to her recent 2023 Norfolk, Virginia property purchase in order to secure that lower interest rate. Okay, so there you go. Then they get into the fact that she's got this Brooklyn property as well. She's got a Brooklyn property that is separate from the place that she lives, not her, not her residence. This is a property where she is, she has a five family dwelling in it. In other words, she's, she's charging people rent to live there, a five family dwelling and that property in Brooklyn when she's secured the mortgage for it.


She bought it under the terms of a four unit program in order to receive federal assistance. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac backed mortgages have favorable rates and terms to traditional private mortgages. Conforming single family loans are subject to a cap of four dwellings per property. Four dwellings. A building that exceeds four units must be treated as a multifamily property and typically as a larger down payment requirement. Higher interest rate terms with interest rates being up to a percentage point higher due to lenders viewing multifamily homes as being significantly riskier. So now we found yet another distortion, another misrepresentation, another count of fraud where she's lying about the number of families who are living in this property, how many units are in the property?


She claimed four in order to get the federal terms. It's actually five. These are problems. One more for you in this because it's endless. All of the things she's accused of, you're endless. They've also included additional documentation here in the referral letter, which shows that back in 1983, and then again in the year 2000, Letitia James listed her father as her husband. You heard me correctly. This is, this is typical left wing nonsense. She listed her father as her husband in order to secure a home mortgage Letitia James in 2000, once again listed as husband and wife with her father.


In these documents, they say, while this was a long time ago, it, it raises serious concerns about the validity of Letitia James' representations on mortgage applications. So all the way through. Yeah, that's right. The chat is pointing out, this is Ilhan Omar territory Ilhan, who married her brother to commit immigration fraud. Here you have Letitia James on documents claiming that her father is there husband to make these mortgage applications over and over and over again, evidence of of her criminality, of her fraudulent. And and so there she was, late 2023 getting in front of microphones, Big Tish James accusing President Trump of wrongdoing saying that he violated the law, that he, that he overvalued his properties in order to get favorable terms from lenders.


This woman was lying on practically every mortgage form she could get her hands on in order to get yes favorable terms. And additionally, according to these documents, to defraud federal taxpayers for access to federal programs that she should not have had access to. That's the Attorney General of New York who should not be in that job. If her primary residence is in Norfolk, Virginia, it's against the law boy. She's in for a world of hurt, isn't she? Again, I think we've reached the find out phase. I wanna remind you of how President Trump responded back when the state of New York, Letitia James Arthur Anon, were insisting that Mar-a-Lago is worth a mirror.


$18 million. Take a look. Here's the president, they Valued Mar Argo. Yeah, At $18 million. I mean, Because the courts are rigged. What's going on? The courts are rigged. They did, they valued it. It had an appraisal at 1.5 billion, 1 billion, 2 billion. Who knows what it's worth? It's worth because that was good for their narrative. So they valued it at 18 million millionaires because it's a crooked legal system. Very crooked. That's why people are leaving New York. Companies are fleeing New York because of even this decision. They're leaving New York and no, they come after me because I'm in the election. If I didn't run or if I was in fourth place or fifth place or ninth place, there'd be no, no, no attacks.


And if we don't win, I'll tell you, I made the statement the other day, November 5th, that's election day. Yep. Not that far away. November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country. With that being said, seven months is a long time. When you have somebody as destructive and incompetent as this president, that's a long time. A lot of bad things can happen to our country. Yeah, yeah. No, and thankfully, of course we know how that went. He won their efforts to rig the election failed. They failed. And that includes Letitia James. So up until this point, here's what we knew about Letitia James, that she was an abusive little tyrant who was trying to rig the election on behalf of Joe Biden and Company.


No question. But here's what we didn't know until recently. What we didn't know is that she was also trying to pretend that she was the firefighter responding to the arson. This was a massive case of projection. She knew she was in the midst of her own mortgage fraud. And then she goes after Trump, a successful businessman whose lenders are very pleased with their relationship with him and then accuses him of over-inflating the value of his assets to gain favorable loan terms. It really is rich, isn't it? It really is so completely perfect. So completely perfect.


And so now that you have this criminal referral coming to the United States Department of Justice, it is, this is a massive win for decency, for justice. These are consequences. This is precisely what we've been looking for. And now of course, what we await is the official announcement outta the United States Department of Justice. That's what we need. Yes, we've got this referral. Yes, it's within the Trump administration, but no, it is not yet the prosecution. That part is in Pam Bondy's hands. And I know that you and I are gonna be watching her very closely to see what she does with an open and shut case of corruption at the hands of a public official.


It's very simple. It's very, very simple. I'd be remiss, by the way, if I didn't also give you a little bit more information here about how this came into being. There's a, a journalist by the name of Sam Antar, he's, he's committing acts of journalism here by revealing all of this. He has been all over this story. And one of the reasons that the Justice Department knows about all of this is because of his work. This, this Sam Antar character's kind of interesting, because those of you from the northeast may remember something from a long time ago called Crazy Eddie's. It was a, it was a, it was a, from from, I think it was the late eighties, early nineties.


It was electronic sales. And the company had these wild ads on television. Crazy. Eddie's got the craziest deals and in the end, crazy Eddies went down because of fraud. And this guy, this guy, Sam was involved. Sam Antar was involved in running the company. And ever since then, after he was busted for fraud, he's dedicated his life to instead digging fraud and out and making it public. And here he is doing it with the New York Attorney General Letitia James. And he's been reporting all over this. This is an April 1st report, but it's one of many. And I, I just, I think that people who do important acts of journalism in the service of the country deserve the credit.


So I, I just wanna surface this. The name of his website is white collar fraud.com. I actually emailed him this morning with the hopes of getting him on the show show. Perhaps we can talk to him in the days ahead, but he's the reason a lot of this has become public. So thank, I'm very thankful to him for that. And it looks like now the, the Trump administration has its hands all over this and hopefully the Justice Department's gonna go after it next. So we'll get to that.


Hey, before we continue, I do want to thank our sponsors who make all of this possible right here for you. You've seen it before. When disaster strikes grocery store shelves can actually go empty overnight. The worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. By then, you know, it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis comes. And right now they're making it easier than ever. Order their four week emergency food supply today and get 4 72 hour food kits completely free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years, a quarter of a century. Yeah, you know what that is? That's real peace of mind. No last minute panic, no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered. Stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits food could be the first thing to go, go to prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit. Plus an extra 12 days of food for free, almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, that's prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit plus an extra 12 days of food free. Prepare with VINCE dot com.


Alright, the, let's see. I've got a a lot of good, the chat is wild this morning. Hey, how are we feeling about tis James? Having some consequences here? We like this. Isn't it amazing? Are, are you shocked that Letitia James stands accused of defrauding lenders in American taxpayers? You're not shocked? Pretty amazing. Pretty amazing. This is really good. Loving it. Boomerang. Yeah, that's a great phrase. Boomerang. I love it's boomerang and back, right? Honor, not shocked. Says EGR one 30. There's some glee coming in.


FAFO as you might expect, Pam won't do anything about it. Says somebody, this is a real test for Pam Bondy. People are skeptical that they're gonna see more progress beyond this big chance for the Attorney general to prove the chat wrong. And for those people who don't think it's gonna happen, I really hope it does. And let's see, yeah, a little bit. Some, some they won't do anything. F Tish, you know, some nice, some nice send offs for the Attorney General. So there you go. She's a crook Karma baby. Yes, indeed. You know, on, on the Attorney General Pam Bonde, I do have an update for you this morning that I am pleased with, with the Attorney General. Do you remember there was a, not long ago, the president of the United States welcomed the state's governors to the White House.


They all were sitting together. And while they were there, president Trump was talking about protecting women's sports and saying, we've gotta get the men out. I'm, I'm, I've signed an executive order making this really clear. We gotta get the federal funding out of any school or institution that allows men to abuse women, that allows men to change in women's locker rooms, that allows men into women's prisons and on and on and on. Do you remember this? I'm gonna play this fellas. Here we go. Here's the President of the United States. Justin, I think I can hear your microphone coming in. So let's mute that side of it real fast. Here's the president of the United States in in February saying this, watch The NCAA has complied immediately, by the way.


That's good. But I understand Maine. Is the Maine here, the governor of Maine not here? Are you not gonna comply with it? I'm complying with the state and federal laws. Well, I'm, we are the federal law. Well, you better do it. You better do it because you're not gonna get any federal funding at all if you don't. And by the way, your population, even though it's somewhat liberal, although I did very well there, your population doesn't want men playing in women's sports. So you better, you better comply because otherwise you're not getting any, any federal funding court. Every state good, I'll see you in court. I look forward to that. That should be a real easy one. And enjoy your life after governor. 'cause I don't think you'll be in elected politics.


Alright, so that was the president, you know, speaking exactly the way we hope he does. And he always delivers, doesn't he? As he points out to the governor, Janet Mills in Maine, you're not gonna let men and women's sports anymore. That's not gonna happen anymore. And she, she responds flippantly, we'll see you in court. We're following the law. No you're not. No you're not. You're not following the Civil Rights Act. You're not following Title ix. You're not following the constitution of the United States at all. The point of Title IX was to protect women's sports, women's spaces. There's a reason we segregate based on sex. If, if woman wasn't a real category, why would we create a, a protection for it?


It's so completely obvious to anybody with two eyes, two ears and two brain cells to rub together. Everybody understands why we do this. And Janet Mills, who last I checked is supposed to be a woman, is standing up there saying, now I'm gonna let men abuse women in my state. That's gonna be the pattern here. Now this morning the update on the see you in court front is that just a short while before we started the live broadcast here, the Attorney General Pam Bondi has announced new federal action against the state of Maine. Take a look as Pam Bondi is surrounded by female athletes and a state representative from Maine by the name of Laurel Libby.


You'll see her over Pam Bondy's left shoulder. Take a look at this Today, the Department of Justice Is announcing a civil lawsuit against the Maine Department of Education. The state of Maine is discriminating against women by failing to protect women in women's sports. Pretty basic stuff. This is a violation of Title ix. The Department of Justice will not sit by when women are discriminated against in sports. This is about sports. This is also about these young women's personal safety. I've met many of these women throughout the past weeks and months.


And what they have been through is horrific. We have exhausted every other remedy. We tried to get Maine to comply. We don't like standing up here and filing lawsuits. We want to get states to comply with us. That's what this is about. We have repeatedly notified Maine of its infractions and urged them to remedy the situation to protect women. Yeah, we've stripped grants from Maine through other departments and we are going to continue to fight for women.


Alright, So a good announcement this morning outta the United States Department of Justice and the Attorney General. You can see over her shoulder in that image. Of course you've got Riley Gaines, the very accomplished collegiate female swimmer who had to swim against a fellow called William Thomas, who goes by Leah and pretends to be a girl and stole the honors of so many girls in, in that high level competitive swimming. And then, and also forced the women to, to see his naked body inside of the locker rooms as they would all get changed. And then, oh, just off to the side, you can see a little bit, there's a main state representative here by the name of Laurel Libby.


This woman is a hero. This woman, who by the way will be on my radio show today, the National Radio Show, 12 to three Eastern Time. You can also see that at Rumble dot com slash VINCE. I'll be joined by this main state representative Laurel Libby. I've talked to her a a bunch in the past. And the reason for that is because it seems like she's the only state representative in Maine who's really spending any meaningful time fighting for the rights of women in the state. The rest of the state legislature, or at least too much of it, has been overtaken by these lunatics who are pretending that men are women. And as a result, what they've done to Laurel Libby, who keeps speaking out against all of this, is they have stripped her ability to speak, that's right, to speak on the floor of the state legislature.


And they've removed her ability to vote in legislative procedures. She's not allowed to vote in the legislature anymore. How does that work in the state of Maine? She has constituents, she has people who voted for her. She is a voice for some section of Maine. And that section of Maine, that district is now not represented anymore because their representative has been muzzled. She wasn't removed from the state body. She's still a part of it. She's not allowed to vote, she's not allowed to speak. And her sin is acknowledging third grade biology. That's her sin. Laura Libby. So she's being martyred in the midst of all of this because of the left's never ending sexism.


They're never ending misogyny. They're never ending attacks and abuses on women. And this comes on the same week where the left was doing this ludicrous performance where they were celebrating these famous chicks, these rich chicks that they just sent into space for five seconds for an 11 minute pillow fight. They send them up there and then they come back and then they say, well, this is a huge thing for women. This connects us with the eternal feminines In Katy Perry. She said, oh my goddess, when she was in midair, this is the the lunatic incoherence of the left, which goes at one moment, from, from celebrating supposed female empowerment when rich chicks get the fly to space to the next, where they pretend that women don't actually exist as a meaningful biological category and that men can steal their honors.


Yeah. So remember that name Laurel Libby from Maine. My suspicion is that that's not, this is definitely not the last you're gonna hear from her and certainly not today. 'cause she'll be live with me on the VINCE show coming up on radio later today. Really, really wild. Deb, Deb Weth 17 saying The battle is over and in women's sports is just a precursor to loss of women, women's rights, and eventually Sharia law. Mark my words. I see it creeping in. Look, the the subjugation of women is all of the rage. That's the point here. That's the point.


It's to cheat them out of their honors and the, and the things that we've created to, to literally protect women in fair play. Amazing. All right, we've got some more swatting incidents going on. Speaking of women being victimized, did you see that Cheryl Atkinson, the journalist, was just attacked in another swatting attack. A lot of conservatives have been attacked this way where lefties decide that they want to scare the hell out of conservatives that they don't like. And to imperil them to the point that there have been people who have been killed in these swatting attacks as SWAT teams show up thinking they're arriving to a crisis situation at the home when of course no such thing is actually going on.


I've got more details coming up on that in just a moment. I wanna go through that with you. Some of the things we're learning and the role that FBI, deputy director Dan Bonino is now playing and trying to get to the bottom of this. That's all ahead on VINCE, our thanks again to our great sponsors.


I gotta tell you, Bon charge, infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask. For those of you like red light therapy, I like it. It's great. Ever since I got ahold of this thing, I can't recommend them enough. I first was turning to this red light therapy to help with muscle recovery detoxification. It's become a game changer. It's very easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work its magic And it creates a real difference in how you relax and how rejuvenated you feel afterward. The red light face mask is equally impressive. You can use it to improve your skin's texture and reduce inflammation and you'll see fantastic results. I think it's like having a mini spa treatment right at home. If you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head to bond charge.com, bond charge.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout and get 15% off. Both of these products are making such a positive impact on helping my wellness routine, and I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com to save 15%. Now these statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


And then the, the economy has been, as, you know, topsy-turvy. But there is usually when the, when things get topsy-turvy, there's a way to handle it. Diversification is a key and there's a silver lining in the midst of all of these tariffs announcements that a lot of people have missed. President Trump's specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from the sweeping tariffs. So while these new policies are creating a lot of that topsy-turvy financial chaos, the administration has preserved your ability to diversify into precious metals. So if you're concerned about your savings, you can get a free consultation with Birch Gold precious metal specialist. The first step is just to text my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and received your free no obligation info kit on Gold. Learn how to hold gold in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or a 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket. Is it finally time for you to diversify? Well, Birch Gold has an a plus rating. We with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. So just text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and you can claim your free info kit right now. Message and data rates apply.


Alright, and there's major, come here buddy. Major does not like Squattings. Not a fan, not a fan of Squattings. There's, there's the, there's the dog. I actually, I have a, I I I I've been with, I've been holding back from telling you all of this. Not on purpose, just 'cause she's not quite as well behaved as major. I have another dog named Rena, another rescue. And the reason We got Rena Rena's Rena's troubled Rena's Rena's working through her issues. You know, she was actually, she was, I think she was pretty traumatized. She was pretty abused before We got her. So we've been trying to work with her to calm her down. But she loves running with Major. So every morning, first thing in the morning, I'm always the first one up in our house and I let these dogs out.


They run like crazy. The reason major's constantly lying down in studio when he is here. He's, he's sapped of his morning energy. These dogs run hard every day, which is, which is great. I love, I love seeing the dogs run hard. They have a great time. The only challenge is on rainy days, I gotta get, do you, what do you do for the Rain dog owners out there when you, the, the dogs come in caked in mud. I've got, I've got one of these cups that has these little rubber like spines inside the cup, and you fill the cup up with warm water and then you stick their paws in it and then it scrapes all the mud off of their paws. And then I just take old rags and I rub all the, the mud off. These dogs kind of wipe 'em off.


You know, you do what you gotta do, but whatever, whatever solutions you have for muddy dogs, I will take that. I will take that very much. Oh, look at this guy. Some idiot drift says, Vince's controlled opposition. I don't even know what the hell that means. Thank you for that. Hey, let me, yes, because I'm talking about major and my, my mud cleaning routine. That's right. That I was given the orders to do that. Hey, let me, let me get into these swatting attacks now as the left keeps attacking people here through and trying to get them killed, let's be clear about what this is. These are acts of terrorism, these are acts of terrorism and, and they continue.


Just overnight, We got some more information from Cheryl Atkinson, the, the great reporter. She indicated that it was happening once again to her and said that there was a swatting to her house and she had notified the local FBI and she didn't get the kind of response that she was hoping for from these guys. She said that she reported a swatting at her house yesterday and, and told the local, the local FBI office, and that they were like, Hey, we don't know if anybody will call you back, but maybe they will, maybe not. Cheryl Atkinson said, well, I hope they do. They need to gather the information because they didn't ask for the screenshots of the swatting texts that I have or the pizza delivery emails or other stuff.


And they said they didn't need the local police case numbers. So that's very troublesome. That's, that's worrying that you get a local FBI branch that is telling anybody. It doesn't have to be Sheryl Atkinson. It doesn't have to be a famous person. It could be anybody who's being swatted that maybe we'll get back to you, maybe we won't. So one hopes that Sheryl Atkinson gets a better response than that. Now, I will say to the credit of Dan Bonino, the FBI deputy Director, he responded to all of this. It seemed pretty clear to me that he was responding to what happened with Cheryl Atkinson. Quote, swatting is deadly serious. The potential for serious injury or death is high.


I've asked our team to double efforts to locate the people into groups behind it. I'm on the road road that is in our field offices handling other sensitive matters. But I'll be monitoring the progress and I hope to have some updates for you soon. So I, I think we can take that from Dan as meaning we will be getting updates soon on what is being done about swatting. You can see in the comments here, one of the responses immediately from Sean Ferris, who's so talented, the guy is a, a, a great conservative, also a great president Trump impressionist. He responded because he too has been swatted. He said, thank you Dan. We want these people brought to justice. I have faith that in due time it will happen. So things like this never happen again.


Sean, by the way, is another one who I think I've got scheduled today for the radio show. So I'm gonna be talking to Sean too on the radio program today about his experience with all of this. But this got me thinking, what is the FBI doing here? How are they handling it? Up until this point, I, I'm glad that Dan is getting involved. That gives us a little bit more confidence that maybe we'll get some clear answers and some clear consequences here for these terrorists. But I'd like to know what has happened so far, and here is one indication for you that I think is a little bit edifying. At least it gives us a good impression of what's going on. According to CBS in late March, this report came out.


It's a pizza order, leads to a huge police response in suburban Chicago swatting. And one of the reasons I wanna dwell on this story is the pizza component to all of this. I've mentioned before that the people who are being swatted are being sent pizzas. Pizzas now on first blush, that may sound just like some sort of trolley move. Oh, there's pizza pizza's being sent and, and it's just meant to, you know, be like a calling card or something, you know, like a home alone. The wet bandits, they flood the house every time we're the wet bandits, Harry and Marv, you kind of think maybe that's the, the game plan here, send a pizza. It's a, a calling card for these types of terror attacks.


But there is definitely something more to this. One thing that I keep hearing from people who are, have taken a close look at this and are being subjected to it, is they believe that this is designed to be a means by which to verify that the person is at home. That, that they send the pizza in order to confirm that the person is at home. Now, if you're the terrorist who's making that phone call, one would assume that you're gonna have some sort of way to, to determine that the pizza was successfully delivered. Maybe that is through a pizza delivery app where you see it indicates on the app that it's been delivered to let them know that somebody is at the house.


That could be a part of this. But there's another element to these pizzas that deserves some attention here. What we've, what we've learned about the pizza delivery is that in some cases, these pizza apps have been used in order to induce the swat itself, the FBI reporting in March, that they're seeing a growing problem of false emergency calls designed to trigger a significant police response. These false reports of hostage situations, kidnappings and bombing threats put both first responders and innocent people at in jeopardy. They say last year alone, at least 600 people were victims of swatting according to the FBI at least 600.


And in fact, there was an innocent man in Kansas who was killed by responding officers during one swatting attack. The FBI's special agent, CO Bond Johnson said that the bureau has actually created a special unit of 700 individuals from 350 law enforcement agencies across the country to collect data to identify these patterns and solutions. The command center was aimed at allowing local police departments to work with us in real time to track these swatting incidents across jurisdictions, anywhere they're occurring. CBS reports on a family called the Adkins family. They say they were victims of this kind of swatting. In February of this year, Aurora police descended on their home at midnight one night with officers telling them to come outside, questioning whether they had weapons and wanted to search their home.


So John and his wife Jennifer, were confused and afraid. John comes out, he puts his hands up. There were officers with shields and guns pointed at him. They had no idea that the police were there because a nine one one call claimed that the husband was holding his wife in Shel hostage. So they, they walk out there. Eventually the wife walks out, ma'am, can you step out for a second? She comes out in her bathrobe, puts her arms up. You can see a picture of her here standing in her bathrobe. And the police then asked to search the home, which then they did. They let them do that and they found out everybody was safe. And John, the man who was the, the homeowner found out, he goes, I think I'm being swatted.


He was being swatted. At some point during the interaction, the cops asked him if I ordered a pizza. He continued. John said he thought it was an interesting question given the circumstances police question him about a pizza order and a plea for help that was included in the order. This is the key here. John responded, he was dumbfounded. He said, no, I didn't order a pizza two minutes ago. I was up in my bed, you know, sleeping naked. I didn't order pizza. Why are you asking this question? John said, one officer explained what happened. Someone placed an online order from this location saying in the order, in the comment section, please send help.


My husband has a gun pointed at me and my children said the officer on the body camera video. After getting that plea for help, a Domino's worker then called 9 1 1 and police continued investigating. John then saw Domino's pizza delivery driver drive past the swatting scene. So here's something that is not receiving enough attention. These, some of these terrorists are using the messaging feature of the pizza delivery app, you know, where you add an additional comment like, Hey, make sure there's plenty of pepperoni on the pizza, whatever you want to add your message to the, to the store.


And they're saying, please send help. My husband has a gun pointed at me and my children. So you're a Domino's worker. And so what do you think when you receive a message like that? What are you supposed to do with that? And so presumably these pizza workers, they see it and they go, holy crap. And so they, they make a phone call to nine one one. They say, Hey, I just got this message over this pizza app about what's going on at this house. And that induces a SWAT response. So you can see what's happening. The terrorists are laundering their messages through pizza operations. A domino's, for what it's worth, Domino's says that it's working directly with law enforcement these days with the FBI to resolve these things.


And my guess is that these big national chains are gonna be more on guard for these types of messages going forward. One would hope, you know, or at least alerting their franchisees that something like this may happen. But can you imagine that we live in this world where you have to no notify all of your pizza franchisees that you may be used as a part of a terrorist attack. It's crazy. But this is, this is a really, this is a really big deal. Dan Bonino announcing that he is doubling resources now to get to the bottom of this. And these guys deserve the death penalty. The kind of people who would imperil the lives of somebody else in a terror attack like this.


They deserve the death penalty, I'm sorry, at, at the very least to be locked up in jail and have to keep thrown away. The this is, you're not playing around here. This is not some innocent prank. This is not something that people are gonna walk away from. People are gonna, more people are gonna be killed in these incidents and they desperately have to stop. And, and meaningful consequences need to happen in public. You need the most dramatic possible perp walk you can possibly summon. You need to get these guys out front and center and you need to shame them in public spaces across social media, all across television, on every available newspaper. They have to be shamed into submission in order to stop anybody else from attempting to do something like this.


Because this will get people killed beyond the, the people. It's already gotten killed. Wild. Totally wild. So that's the, that's the update there. FBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino offering more updates on this. I do think that we are, we're, we're approaching a period where we're gonna start to see a lot more of the action that we're seeing. For instance, just this morning after going after the Attorney General of New York, Tish James, this is now what we're on April 16th, January 20th, president Trump came into office. We are well past the time now where you think that, that the fact gathering phase has to have concluded in a lot of things being pulled together.


And now I know what you're looking for. I know what I'm looking for. I'm looking for the prosecution phase. I'm looking for the consequences. Phase phase. I'm looking for the find out phase, a lot more of that. I'd like to see a lot more of that. I'm very hopeful we'll get that coming up shortly. Okay. Another thing, let me see. We do have, we do have Democrat Senator Chris Van Holland is headed to El Salvador right now to go see what he refers to as one of his constituents, which is one of the most ludicrous things I've ever I've I've ever seen. Democrats are so fond of violent, illegal foreign nationals.


It really is reaching cartoonist levels. Here is Chris Van Holland. It is an airport. And so therefore he is announcing his departure to San Salvador. Take a look at ridiculous. Chris Van Holland. I'm here at the airport. I'm about to board my flight for San Salvador. The goal of this mission is to let the Trump administration, to let the government of El Salvador know that we are going to keep fighting to bring Abrego Garcia home, The MS 13 guy, until he Returns to his family. I hope to meet with representatives of the government. I hope to have the chance to actually see Kmar and see what his condition is To see him.


But he wants to comfort him. He wants an Oprah style conversation with the MS 13 guy. We are gonna keep fighting because this is a miscarriage of justice. The Supreme Court has ruled nine. Somebody said it looks like he's wearing a DUNS cap. It does actually kind of look like he's somehow the, the shading behind him, a perfect little triangular dun cap on top of the DUNS from Maryland, Chris Van Holland, zero Nine to zero, that he was illegally taken out of the country. No. And put in a prison, no, in El Salvador. And this is about due process. This is about, he Just lies to you. He just, he just brazenly lies to you.


Rule Of law. What bullies do is they begin by picking on the most vulnerable. But if we get rid of the rule of law and due process the United States, it's a short road from there to tyranny. Yeah, this guy doesn't care at all about the wellbeing of the country, the rule of law. If he did, you would hear him doing a video right now about Rachel Morin. If he cared about the rule of law, he'd be all over the Rachel Morin case, whose killer from El Salvador was just convicted this week. Jury deliberations lasting under an hour to convict the man who murdered the illegal alien from El Salvador, who murdered Rachel Morin.


She was out jogging and he raped and he killed her. And Chris Van Holland is not mounting any sort of big public case for her. Instead he is doing it for other illegal aliens from El Salvador. That's his view on this. Stephen Miller over at the White House, he was speaking out about this on the Fox News Channel and he said, this is ludicrous. Chris Van Holland is acting like this guy's his constituent, he's not as constituent. He's the constituent of El Salvador. Take a look. Senator Van Hollen seems to be under the very confused impression that this MS 13 terrorist is his constituent. He is President B'S constituent.


He's President Quele citizen, he's President B'S resident. He is not a Maryland man. He is not a Maryland anything, right? He's an illegal alien from El Salvador with a deportation order from the United States. Yep. He is not notice That Chris Van Holland didn't give you any of these details. He just lied directly to your face Legally even allowed to be in our country. It was under the due process that these democrats so venerate for illegal invaders, it is legally impermissible for him to have one more minute in this country. So we honored the law and obeyed the law by getting him out of this country. And if the entire Democrat party was to work itself into a state of emotional hysteria to demand the return of illegal gang members and terrorists to our shores, then that 21% will soon be 15 and then it'll be 11.


And then all they'll have left is the support of actual confirmed Mr 13 members. And that will be the entire base of the Democrat Party. There's A rule of law questionnaire, but Stephen Miller's also bringing up the politics of all of this. How idiotic is it that the left is taking up for a position that nobody actually wants in the United States of America? Even if you had the chance to change the law, nobody in the country's gonna change the law to say, we need to bring in more Ms 13 people. We need massive millions of foreign nationals pouring into our country. Nobody's doing that. In fact, cut six here. Look at Scott Jennings on CNN going, you wanna do this Democrats, go ahead. This is your own suicide. This is your own funeral. Take a look point. They're making a political point.


They're making us quite clear. If you are a violent person, if you've broken our immigration laws, we're here to keep Americans safe. And our opposition is apparently currently organizing congressional delegations to go to El Salvador to try to bring illegal aliens back to the United States. It's politically crazy. God, he has not been criminally charged. So what about due process? That is a constitutional right that anyone in this country has. If you wanna In this hill be my guest, it's political malpractice to send Democrat members of Congress to El Salvador to retrieve the illegal agents. It, his, it is his senator from his state. He is from state of Maryland. Senator. He lives he from El El Salor. Just one second. He lives and he lives in Maryland. Just One second. His senator, he's from El Salvador.


Are you nuts? You you wanna do this? It's political malpractice. Go for it. I I'm perfectly happy to let you do this. In fact, I, I probably shouldn't get in your way, you know, when you're screwing up this badly. I should let, I just keep letting you do it. I wanna end on this, this point with the words of Rachel Morin's mother. I mentioned Rachel Morin, the mother of five who the poor woman raped and murdered by an illegal from El Salvador, Chris Van Hollen's, actual constituent who he couldn't give two craps about. He doesn't care at all. He's not bothering his time at all with the loss of her life or anybody else who's actually an American citizen in Maryland. Here is Patty Morin, Rachel Morin's mother, responding to Chris Van Hollen's, ludicrous anti-American publicity stunt.


What are your Thoughts on your senator going to bat for this illegal, but did he ever say anything to you and your family about your loss to ever call you, ever take the time to be with you? Nope. Actually, I'm very angry. I, I'm actually outraged, but I'm too sad at the moment to show anger. At the same time, he, he did not call our family. He did not give condolences. There was no action on the Democrat Democratic Party in any way from Joe Biden, Kamala Harris. Yeah. My orca, None of them, Anyone here in Maryland, none of the senators did anything to help search for the murderer of my daughter.


What Are your thoughts? None of them. None of them. Chris Van Holland didn't do any of this, you know, And it's not that hard. You saw what he did. He was standing at an airport with a phone pointed at his face. This didn't take, well, not a, not a lot of logistics involved in that particular thing. He just forms, he just forced some taxpayer funded staffer. Here, hold the phone, point it at me. I'm gonna talk about how great Abrego Garcia is. But what about your state? What about your constituents? What about the people being murdered in your state? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. So, again, lemme just equip you with the obvious thing is anybody in your life who's still believing be lies about all of this?


Who's still buying into the Legacy Media's version of events? Tell 'em about Rachel Morin. Tell, tell 'em what happened to her. What? To an American citizen, to a woman who just went out jogging mother of five raped and killed inside of her own state by an illegal foreign national, should have never been there in the first place. And the senator from that state, the Democrat, Chris Van Holland, is right now trying to go get hot chocolate with the MS 13 dude in El Salvador. That's their priorities. Thanks for being with me for another episode of VINCE. I'll be back tomorrow with every bit of information I can possibly dig up for you right here. Up next on Rumble, Stephen Crowder.