
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino Folks, sorry about the technical hiccup. As you know, Rumble people try to mess with it, but we got it fixed up, so we're happy to have you here. We deeply appreciate it. Ladies and gentlemen, it is gone mainstream Cutesy time is over. Did you see it last night? Even. Even CNN Jake Tapper and Van Jones were forced to address the Dan Bonino theory of cutesy time, which is what that it's over that. It's actually over the Cutesie time. So he said, you made a huge mistake.


You should have wore the Cutesy. time is over shirt today. I am like, yeah, I don't know. I just rip him out of the drill one by one. I got so many of 'em. Big show for you today. A lot to talk about, including me begging the left. Please continue what you're doing. I'm not kidding. I'm about to get a Pac started to donate to you guys to keep this stuff going 'cause I promise you, if you do it, it'll lead to a permanent Republican majority for decades. Well, it'll be temporary for temporary for decades, which is semi-permanent. My lifestyle in my lifespan.


Hey Burna, they're non lethal. Pistol launch with tear gas and kinetic ammo. Incapacitates an attacker for up to 40 minutes. That's b yna bernard.com/dan for a 10% discount.


Folks, big show. I got this tweet and this if you did. You see the meltdown up on Capitol Hill by Jasmine Crockett, a lefty communist yesterday. Absolutely epic. Please keep this stuff up. It's working so well for you. Lefties for 10.


Over 10 years, Patriot Mobile has been America's only Christian conservative wireless provider standing behind their service and their values as a company. They put the cause ahead of profits. I'm proud to partner with them. You can get there. Every Friday matters special. Today they're giving away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, gives you access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the left. When you switch a Patriot Mobile, your supporting company believes in free speech, the sanctity of life, the Second Amendment and more. Their 100% US based customer service team. They make switching easy. Keep your number and for a limited time get a free smartphone. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo code. Promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone offer is eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time or until supplies run out. Terms and conditions supplies. So join me and make the switch today. Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Alright fellas, let's go folks. This was hilarious. Everybody was emailing me last night. Hey Dan, did you see this clip on CNN Tapper and Van Jones? Were talking about Cutesie time. I swear to you I thought it was bullshit. I thought people were messing with me. I'm like they wouldn't be talking about Cutesie time being over. What the hell would CNN be interested in? Cutesie time for the clip, however, is real. It took me a few minutes to find it. I'm usually pretty good lickety split, but I don't actually have CNN on my bingo card, so it took me a second to go. I got my spots for Fox and OANN and even M-S-N-B-C. But let me just say in advance before I play this clip, it's about me and potentially the Secret Service.


you know the whole story. I'm, I've already addressed it. I have not spoken to President Trump about that at all. Folks at all. It, it, it's come up on podcast interviews. Of course it's, it's, it's got a thousand things on his plate. I'm just gonna leave that there. However, you know, the president asks you to do something. He is not. I just wanna be crystal clear on that. This is really important 'cause everybody's talking about this. Like this was some kind of like, especially the way CNN's addressing it. So I haven't heard anything like this. However, I wanna say in advance, I'm not mad at all and I'm not even remotely bitter about Van Jones and Tapper, you know, talking about me and kind of quietly taking a shot at me. you know, they barely mentioned the fact that I had a decade plus in the Secret Service.


Five years in the Presidential Protection division was with the NYPD was a Republican nominee for Senate in the house. Not that you gotta like kiss my ass, but it's always like the right wing personalities. If the only thing I've ever done is politics in my life, whatever, I'm not mad about it. These guys are, you know, opinion people and they talk about the news and the stories in the news. So I'm fair game like anyone else, And I in the scope of things, this really wasn't that bad. I mean, it was like they were taking a heavy duty podcast, but it is kind of funny. Cutesy time is over. It's gone national. Well, it was not cnn. So I don know how national was, but he, check this out, it's pretty funny. CNN is reporting that right wing media personality and former Secret service agent Dan Bonino. We, we, by the way, like years ago, we would have him on to talk about Secret Service issues on the show.


He is being considered for secret service director. Here's to sum of what he said on his podcast today, on how he views the new administration. Cutesy time is over and we led the way and a lot of people are recognizing that folks Cutesy time is over. I'll say again today, on Wednesday, people are policy and it is time for us because we are the news to double down on the MAGA agenda. Van, you're gonna have to stop being so adorable 'cause Cutesy time is over. No, but serious in all, in all, in all sincerity, there is, that does reflect a, an attitude of, of so many of these picks, which is it's time to really, really shake up Washington.


And, and the, and a lot of people think if a lot of Trump supporters think that he went with establishment picks last time, and that was a horrible idea. He wasn't able to really drain the swamp and now that's what they're doing. You have to believe a lot of things that are not true for this to make sense. What is the problem you're trying to solve with our intelligence services? We, we get a chance to walk around here and not have bombs blowing up all over the place because our intelligence services are doing a fantastic job keeping us safe. If you think that sending a wrecking ball through our, Okay, I I I, now I deserve the chance to respond, right? Like I said, I'm mad, I'm not bitter.


It's a news story. I'm fair game like anyone else, but so are you guys, right? Jake Van, you guys are in the public, public space, so you're fair, you're fair game too. I get the chance to respond. So what's the problem Van we're trying to solve. I I should say we, I'm not in the administration, I have not been asked, but assume I was say I was the secret service director sitting there with Ratcliffe and Tulsi and hopefully Cash Patel at FBI. The problem we're trying to solve you completely right over your head missed. I love how he says, did you guys hear this, Michael? He goes, you know, these, the intelligence community out there and all these other people, and by the way, secret Service isn't part of the intelligence community.


They consume intelligence, they don't produce it. However, they do consume a lot of intelligence 'cause they wanna make sure they can get the threat right? Right. We are not completely safe. There's a major war in the Middle East that broke out because our intelligence community missed a nine 11 style attack in Israel. Th there's a, there have been terror attacks where people have been on the FBI's radar and they missed it. Why? Because the BI has been too busy. This is what the CNN bubble looks like. You may have missed these stories. Van, did you miss the story about the FBI and the Moms for Liberty, the FBI and the Pro-life movement?


These are threats to the United States Grandmas and the Gulag for a trespassing charge on January 6th. This, this is the, this is the security threat that's gonna keep us here. Go get grandma, go get her. Did did, are you, did you miss all this? The FBI didn't even get to the serious stuff. Did you miss the FBI spying on Donald Trump van? I'll give you a little homework. Look up the name Ra Turk. Go look that up. You can read about it in the books I wrote about. If you want go get it from the library here. Thank you guys. I didn't even ask him to throw this up. Just the news. Justice Department investigated the conservatives mom for liberty in the same manner as the Ku Klux Klan.


Did I again. Did you guys miss all this? Why is Trump taking a wrecking ball to the status quo? Because the status quo was failed. There's a thing called opportunity cost van, you waste your time spying on presidential candidates and conservative groups and tea party groups with the IRS and other things. That's time not spent trying to intercept a major terror attack in the Middle East. That does involve us. 'cause we've been dragged into it. The same Death to America crowd was involved in that. The same people who told Biden the intelligence community. Oh, Putin's not gonna invade Ukraine. They missed that one too.


So forget me, pull me out of the story. But Cutesy time is over because that's what cutesy time gave you. It gave you a bunch of bullshit investigations and that's why President Trump is reaching out to people who are actual door kickers, And, I. Just wanna say again, we have not spoken about this. I this story like yesterday on CNN, a whole bunch of reporters are reaching out for me for comment. Why isn't he responding? Because there's nothing to respond about. What do you want me to respond and say? I don't know what you're talking about. Don't, by the way, I don't really speak to reporters anyway about that kind of stuff. Politics, I don't ride. I don't, I don't talk to report. Especially left wing ones conservative.


Oh, you go Cutesy, time is over. Could someone send a shirt to Jake store? Do panino.com. Our proceeds go to charity so don't worry. It's not like some moneymaking thing we're doing for us Store. Do bonino.com Somebody mail Jake and send Van a Cutesy time is over, probably extra small. Send them over. Cutesy. time is over. Maybe they'll pin one up in their office. This, isn, all they, we have all sizes in stock. Someone make a donation over to CNM. I saw that last night. Again, I'm not mad at these guys. I'm part of the news. I'm fair game. I, I don't have a thick skin. But I do realize that being in the business when you're part of the news, you're part of the news.


You don't wanna be part of the news. Stop being a wuss and don't be a public figure. Okay? End of story. Go do something else. And I like doing what I'm doing. So it's part of the business. Dear liberals, we are always right. What is two thumbs and is always correct along with his little bad Gino army, which isn't so little anymore. This guy by the way, thank you for making us according to Tritons Ranker in October. I can't believe it. The number three podcast in the United States. Never saw that coming. Thank you guys. Love This bonino army. You guys kick ass and take names. Absolutely adore you guys. We are always right. Why is our army not so little anymore and growing because it's fact-based to show.


We've told the limbs, we warned them a thousand times. Your fascination with identity, politics and division. It's going to catch up with you. Why do you remember in the chat folks in the chat? You remember? Oh there we go. Back up. Look at it. We got 125 too. Nice. Alright, we're fully back up. Thank you Chris for fending off another massive attack. These guys are so good. Boom, boom. Done just like that. We told you a long time ago that the cannibalism theory was gonna take over the cannibalism theory in the left. For those who are new to the show is this conservatives, the MAGA crowd, libertarians and Tea party. People started giving liberals the double barrel middle finger with cancel culture a long time ago.


They just pound right to it. Don't say masks don't work. What do MAGA people do? They go to Twitter the next day and are all caps they put now. Masks definitely don't work. We don't care. So eventually they've had to dial back Because. they know they're wasting their time, but there's power for them in canceling people. Okay? So when they can't cancel conservatives and MAGA people, 'cause we just don't listen, we flip 'em off. They were gonna turn on themselves. And this is what's happening with identity politics with the left. If you happen to be black, right? You've been told by the media forever, right? The left man, they're looking out for your interests against those horrible Republicans. You're now finding out that it's actually the Republicans that have been looking out for your interest against the horrible Democrats.


Because if you're black and you say, Hey, I'm a father who happens to be black and the left told me like I'm a big interest group, they're looking out for me. But I don't want a man in the bathroom with my 12-year-old daughter. A man, an actual man. The left will then attack you. You get what they're doing. They can't attack us 'cause we're just gonna hammer ahead. We've never wanted men in a women's bathroom, but now they're eating each other alive. And I tell you, man, I am buying my ticket in the front row to see it. This is glorious. Please keep this up begging you. Please keep this up. Here's a tweet from some communist Tim Miller. He is at the Bulwark, which is the com site.


Is it wrong to suggest that Sarah McBride, she's the new trans member of Congress, should follow Mike Johnson in the men's room and stand right behind him at the urinal at the next opportunity. Tim, that's a great idea. You tell the trans member of Congress, Sarah McBride, who's a man, tell Sarah McBride to follow everyone. You, this is working out great. I'm dead serious folks. I'm not kidding. You guys have given such great advice at the Bulwark. The Bulwark, which is like a comi site, which has been wrong about everything, every significant political trend of our time. The bulwark, have they not guys have been on the wrong side of every one of them.


Please take Tim's advice and make Sarah McBride and the trans issue the focus of everything in your next term. Please do that. We're actually begging you to do it. Your fascination with division cannibalism and eating each other alive has done so well for you. You lost every single swing state despite having every single lever of power behind you, mainstream media, academia, entertainment, even Taylor Swift, and you got your asses kicked because your issues suck. You definitely gotta keep up more of this dude. Did you guys see this clip?


Tell me when I sent this over, you guys weren't in love right away. I had to put this, I never put clips like this in the beginning of the show. Never. This one's right in the beginning. You see this lunatic, Jasmine Crockett, she's a member of Congress, obviously a Democrat. I, this one, I'm not sure about her psychological status. I'm really not. Here she is again, she's a member of Congress. Paid probably close to, if not more than $200,000 a year. She has lobbyists kissing her ass every day. She will never ever be middle class for the rest of her life. Lobbyists will pay her. She'll be given speeches. Okay? She is living in the lifestyle. She is a, she is a one percenter, okay? Here she is complaining about being oppressed and again, blaming the white man.


The white, which is by, by Nate, by its very definition racist. She's categorizing a group of people according to their race without knowing any of 'em, and basically saying, look at you guys. You guys say, here's Jasmine Crockett, please keep this stuff up. This identity politics is such a winner for you guys on the left, I wanna fund a pack. Check this out. You can then misuse words like oppression. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country. You tell me which white men were dragged outta their homes. You tell me which one of them got dragged all away across an ocean and told that you were gonna go and work. We're gonna steal your wives, we're gonna rape your wives.


That didn't happen. That is oppression. We didn't ask to be here. We not the same migrants that y'all constantly come up against. We didn't run away from home. We were stolen. So yeah, we're gonna sit here and be Offended when you wanna sit here and act like and, and, and don't let it escape you that it's white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that, that y'all are the ones being oppressed, that y'all are the ones that are being harmed. Folks, please can someone, someone in folks in the chat, I'm, I'm glad to see everyone's back. Good.


Yeah, right, right. Rockham Stock and Robot I said, just saw it in the chat. Can someone in the chat get like Jasmine Kraken pack and just like buy the url.com. We need this woman in leadership on the left. We need to make sure that this woman is a potential presidential candidate in the future. Lefties, please keep this up. Jasmine, I suggest you and Tim Miller get together over coffee and the Starbucks have a macchiato or whatever. It's kind of a left wing place. You guys would be, you guys would be great together. Get together the agenda for the Democrats midterm platform. Make it about following women and men into bathrooms who are near the opposite sex. It's a great idea. And keep telling white men and women across America busting their ass to stay ahead in this country with inflation, that they're somehow oppressing you while you're paying.


Two, you're paid $200,000 a year to sit in Congress and have someone kiss your as day. Yes. Keep it up, Jasmine. We love it. The judges ruled folks in the chat, you think it's a great idea. Get this woman in leadership. Make her the whip. Make her the minority leader. I don't care. Crockett Harris, 2028 Crockett Harris, 2028, ge looking into it now, G's gonna put, they're gonna put a campaign sign together. I want this woman running for president. This has worked so well folks. This stuff is G, this will this. This is going to be be the death of the Democrat party. But do you understand, Dan? Stop telling him. Listen to me. Brothers and sisters, listen to your boy.


I am in a really good mood today. So much good stuff going on. So much. I am in an amazing mood today. Couldn't wait to do the show. Listen to your boy here. Please it. Please, it doesn't freaking matter how many times we cover this stuff and make fun of them for doing it. They cannot control themselves. Do you understand that? I mean, it sound like an asshole. They can't stop Because. they don't know anything else. Jasmine Crockett doesn't know anything about anything either. Does Tim Miller or else his predictions would've been correct?


He's been on the wrong side of everything along with his entire team. They don't know anything. All they know is insult division politics and identity politics. They can't stop. I'm gonna show you a clip coming up next. Another classic from The. View, Sonny Hostin, who happens to be an attorney you would think she would know better, has to issue another. How many corrections is The? View gonna have to issue on the air. If this is unbel, they're, she's a lawyer. They have to issue another correction. Because. they can't stop. They're like kids who can't stop pooping in diapers. They just don't have the bowel control. They just don't.


I'll show you what I mean. Coming up next. This woman's a lawyer. This is like the I I can't even tell you how many corrections we've had to cover from The View. It's hilarious to watch


Omaha Steaks Aint Nothing delivers comfort and joy. Quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks this year. Skip the holiday hustle and bustle and save 50% off gourmet gifts. Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus get a $30 reward card when you shop early and score an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino. That's a big discount. We just stocked our house with Omaha Steaks. We're ready for this busy election cycle. The transition. It's gonna be a lot of late night meals and it's good to come home to some really delicious, amazing food tender, delicious steaks. Even the seasoning there is amazing, but five generations of experience. They consistently deliver the world's best steak experience. And the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks have made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages starting at 89 point 99 from legendary steaks to mouthwatering desserts and more. Save 50% off sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners, get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino and a $30 reward card when you shop early. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com, O-M-A-H-A and an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino. Check 'em out. The steaks are delicious. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Thank you Omaha Steaks, we appreciate it.


This woman on The View, Sonny Hostin. This is a perfect example of this little conundrum the Democrats find themselves in. When you base your entire political movement about telling people they're different and they're oppressed and they're victims, eventually they don't wanna feel sad anymore. Folks, I'm just gonna be straight and honest with you and candid. They don't wanna feel like they can't overcome the system. Who wants to be told? Listen, you're living in a social jail cell, you can't possibly escape. Your life is gonna suck and you need politicians to save you. Who the wants to be told that? The answer is almost no one. The only people wanna be told that are people who fail and want an excuse.


Here's Sonny Hostage. She has nothing else going after Matt Gates. You are gonna see the before and after. She has to issue in a correction on the air and she just can't prevent herself. Look at her. Look at her face. What she has to do. This looks like a hostage video. Check this out. How Could you nominate someone with allegations of child trafficking across or trafficking across state lines and having sex with a 17-year-old? My understanding further on in the interview, they discussed the fact that once he finds out that she's 17, he stops having sex with her. Hey Sonny, you have a legal, I do have a legal, no thank you Whoopi. Matt Gaetz has long denied all allegations, calling the claims quote, invented and saying in a statement to a b, c news that this false smear following a three year criminal investigation should be viewed with great skepticism.


That DOJ investigation was closed with no charges being brought. We'll be right back That I've seen a oh my gosh, that is that you see the face, you see her face. She looks like she's really having a moment right there. you know, folks, that's one of the finest corrections I've ever seen had to be issued under here. None. Everything she said she just made up. Then the legal department, I I, I've been on these live sets you haven. Look at her face. Oh, this is an absolute classic. Someone is in her ear. You see the little IFBI in the little squiggly secret service kind of thing, right?


I've had don't read into that too much, you see, but it's the same one we used over there, right? Someone's in her ear going, Sonny, you can't say that on the air. We can be sued for defamation for malice. You gotta correct that. She's a lawyer, man. They can't stop, stay focused. On my point though, in the beginning, folks, everybody's already throwing out the midterms. I know. You're like, oh damn, we just got over this election. Stop talking about the midterm. No, no, I'm moving right ahead. I want Trump to, to have a good four years, not just a good two years and we need to win. You're not ready. Move on. Okay, fine. I'm not ready. Move on either. We gotta get the first a hundred days after you just won it here.


I need to win all the time. Gas pedal to the max 9,000 RPMs. That's it. That's it. I am always high energy all the time. I'm always thinking about the next fight. Karate Man style. Always karate man. Jake put karate man on the air. I see. I want the nation to do a Karate Man along with cutesy time. Put death sucker on the air. Can we do a Karate Man shirt or is that like, is that like some kind of trademark? Like can someone look at any lawyers in the chat? Can you advise on that? Is can you, they can't trademark the term Karate man, right? I mean, karate man. I don't think someone in the chat if you're a lawyer, like let us know you have some expertise.


I am not an attorney. And. I. Don't pretend to be, but I will say I'm like Sonny, I know not to defame people while I'm on the air. So there you go. Are we okay? Good back. Nice. This, isn Rumble. You guys are great, man. I love these guys. Rock solid here. Please keep this up. Liberals, we are begging you guys please keep it up. Keep doing the identity politics stuff and keep ignoring the issues that are impacting everyday Americans and the everyday Americans that kicked your asses outta office in a lot of these places and flipped every swing state in the presidential race. Here's another one here is this is sad folks. I I, I hate to do the emotional rollercoaster on this show, but you know, this, this, that's how we roll the lake and Riley trial Jose Barra is, is was convicted yesterday.


The crime is horrendous. This disgusting piece of garbage. I gotta tell you, I'm not a huge fan of death penalty as many of you know. However, this is one of those cases where, you know, I question, I'm always open, I'm always open for a good debate on anything. Here is a, b, c. You would think that this was a clear cut case where they could say the election's over the people have spoken about immigration. The people have spoken. The immigration issue was a clear winner for Donald Trump. This lake and Riley trial is a clear indicator. We have to be more secure at our borders. No, that doesn't happen at all. There is no self-reflection amongst the radical left at all. What does this a, b, c commentator do?


Turn around and blame Donald Trump. And almost like an apologetic statement about, about the illegal immigrants. Totally, completely out of touch. Please lefties, keep this up and you're never gonna see power again. Check this out. Lake and Riley. Yeah, lake and This death of Lake and Riley and the subsequent trial has essentially been a massive political light and rod here in this country. And you said it there yourself, the president-elect campaigning on the death of Lake and Riley and pointing to the current administration saying that their laws and what they're calling failed policies contributed to Laken Riley's death.


I wanna remind you that Ibarra entered this country illegally in 2022 according to law enforcement officials. And he was paroled and released by for further processing by ice Folks. That segment goes on for about another minute and this is the ugliest, most sinful, immoral Republicans pounce I've ever seen. Did you listen to the testimony yesterday? The testimony by the friends and family of Lake and Riley, folks, Tom Holman, who's one of the toughest guys I know the borders are nominee for Trump's administration incoming.


This guy's tough. I mean hard as nails, man. He really is. Do you see him get choked up on the air on Fox talking about this? I mean, it was tough to listen to. And this is the A, B, C take folks, the schism on the left is real. I'm gonna be covering this over the course of the coming weeks in and out because it's important that you And I take advantage of it. If we are gonna bring this country back to sanity, we have to enforce this schism on the left. The schism on the left is this, if you heard it on my radio show yesterday in my podcast, I want you to tattoo it on your brain. The crazies that lost in the last presidential election two weeks ago, they lost 'cause they wanted open borders men in the women's room and defunding the police.


The crazy stuff. There is no reckoning for them at all with them. They're gonna get crazier. I'm, I've just showed it to you. This was the clearest cut segment ever where they could have righted or wrong and they didn't. There is a wing of the party though. The Van Jones kinda, you know, James Carville wing that is going to be, they want power because that's where all their money and influences. This schism is real and you're gonna see it now. What happened in Bucks County yesterday where this schism, they're starting to realize some of the not crazy lefties that they better get on the right side of this stuff quick. I'm gonna take a quick break. I'm gonna get back to that and Scott Presler just destroying, destroying it yesterday over in Pennsylvania and Bucks County giving a great speech.


Hey, burnout. Listen, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about a firearm, it's not the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family. Well, instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. Well, what if there are a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force burner's, non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to jump to Defcon one. We just need protection to ensure We can diffuse that situation and drive that threat back. I've trained with firearms most of my adult life, and the burner pistol they sent me was really easy to learn, use, and operate. The guys have one too. If You don't own a firearm, it's a great option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit berna.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's BYR na.com/dan berna.com/dan, you won't regret it.


And our last sponsor before we blow up what happened in Bucks County? Hey, cardio may not be enough. You guys follow a lot of these Health Hack podcasts. I do. They're really wonderful and they'll tell you, strength training is where it's at. Here's how I do it with the single best all in one home gym I've ever seen. Right here in my own place. Oh, thank you guys. In relation pick that is my actual all in one fitness from Jacked Up Fitness Home Machine. I adore this thing, use it all the time. I can't even tell you how many exercises I do on that includes a full body workout video. You can literally just push play and follow along. It's that simple. There are no more excuses. Get yourself in shape. Now, jacked Up Fitness is a badass American company. They are proud of their country. They love this place. I know the owner Don very well. He's a really, really good guy. Jacked Up Fitness. Jacked up fitness. They donate to Wounded Warriors and now through Cyber Monday, jacked Up Fitness is offering 20% off Sitewide. It's the best deal you're gonna get on these incredible machines. Highly recommended I. Don't put I, don't have a lot of space in my house. This is worth it. The holiday rush is on order early to make sure you can get yours and change your life. No promo code required. Order your home gym today@getjackedup.com. That's get jacked up.com. Save all those gym fees. Go to get jacked up.com. Get there all in one machine. I was doing the one arm, you have that picture again, I was, instead of the the pull downs, the two, I was doing 'em one arm at an angle and my lats today are so sore. you know, like your armpit there. Feel like I got a knife in my arm, but that's how sore I am. Get jacked up.com.


Definitely over what's, yeah, QSY time is definitely over. Alright, so you're seeing it in Bucks County, Pennsylvania where, what happened? There's an election official, you've probably seen the video who unbelievably admitted on camera that she wanted to count ballots that the court system had ruled were invalid. In other words, she appeared to on video, indicates she wanted to steal an election. This is the kind of thing, watch folks, this is why I'm telling you the schism. The schism is real right now. This is the kind of thing years ago that even fake moderate Democrats would go along with. Remember Stacey Abrams insisting she won the governor's race in Georgia over Brian Kemp. Remember that? It was what, eight years ago?


Even though she lost like 50,000 votes almost no one spoke out against her. Even to quote, you know, normie Democrats went along like Oh. yeah, yeah. Just say it was stolen. We don't care what's happening now. Pay attention to your buddy. I'm not steering you wrong. It's a small portion of the Democrat party, but not insignificant. They're starting to see the light that this ain't gonna roll anymore. Someone put the squeeze on this Bucks County commissioner in Pennsylvania and said, Hey man, you better come out and you better say something 'cause you're making us look like assholes. We can't call these guys election deniers while you're on camera basically trying to steal an election.


Here she is. But notice she doesn't go all the way. She blames Roe v. Wade and she does kind of a Republican's pounce. So it's kind of a fake apology, but someone squeezed her. Make no mistake. Check this out, I apologize. And I will continue to work hard for you and endeavor to make, not make such a mistake Again. I will also clarify one more thing. When I inartfully spoke and use the word precedent, when I was talking about provisional ballots, I was referring to the United States Supreme Court and the precedent that has been lost on many issues, inclu, including Roe versus Wade.


If you would just bear with me for one more minute. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, I took my frustration out on the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, many of whom are friends of mine and who I respect and whose decisions are complicated and difficult and important. We are all gonna learn lessons from this new media landscape. And most of all, I am, I am a small fish in this big pond. I do not have a megaphone on Twitter or CNN or I'm not a Secretary of state. I don't run a presidential campaign. This is the only opportunity I have had to set the re record straight. Thank you for listening to me.


Today is the only chance I have to stop the snowballing And I. Don't really think I could apologize anymore, but I am truthfully sorry. Who's the news now? Who's the more, more, more, more. Who's the news? Now? I know not everyone went to Penn State, but we are. Penn Staters will get that. We're the news. Now you notice how she says that at the end. I'm not familiar with this new media landscape. No, you are not. No, you are not lady. You are not familiar with the new media landscape clearly. Who's in charge Now we are.


Who made this a story? Us. You, I you look I a minute. No, you did. People like me and all of these conservative MAGA podcasters sent that video out and you made it a story. And now someone put the squeeze because the schism is real. The non crazy Democrats, the fake moderate, they're fake. 'cause they're still, they'll be liberals when they need 'em. They fake, moderate Democrats are realizing they've got a problem. They are out of touch with mainstream America. They got in her ear. And I'm telling you this conversation happened. They said we're trying to accuse them of being election deniers.


You're on video actually doing it. And why? Because we're in charge. Remember Bain Do, you feel like you are in charge because 'cause you're not. It's ours. Now you know who the new media people are? Us Shapiro, Joe Rogan, the O Vaughn, Megan Kelly, Tucker Carlson. We're in charge. Now, I want you to watch this. You were the news. This was Scott Presler who did an absolutely incredible amount of work in Pennsylvania in turning this state from blue to purple to now what may be a red state, which would destroy the Democrat's chances in the future of winning a presidential election.


Here is Presler at the exact same meeting calling bullshit on this Bucks County Commission. What's her name? Deanne something or whatever. I don't even even care. This is worth your time. Check this out. And now here before us. It's on the world stage that we have a commissioner, quote by Diane Marcia, precedent by a court doesn't matter anymore in this country, people violate laws any time they want. And if I meaning Diane Marsia violate this law, it's because I want a court to pay attention to it.


Well, commissioner the court already ruled that undated and misstated mail-in ballots could not be counted. You knew that going into the meeting, And I want to congratulate the people of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This speech I'm doing right now is gonna be seen by millions across the country, the commonwealth and the world. And. I have a message. Congratulations to President-elect Donald J. Trump, the 45th and 47th President of the United States of America. You go brother. You go, man, listen, man, I, that guy is just ACEs man. And it's important that I use my show as the number one conservative podcast out there right now.


It's important I use my show to celebrate others and bring them up too, folks. I mean it. I mean it. This show is absolutely committed to floating everybody's boat up. Whether it's a Avitas, Stephen Crowder's show this movement. Make no mistake, this is not faux humility or anything. It's not about me. I appreciate that. I'm a part of it and you have made me a part of it. But this movement is not about me. It's about floating everybody's boat up. 'cause I'm not every, I'm not for everyone. Folks, someone tweet out yesterday, you, you know, no one thanks their audience more. It's because it matters to me. We had to think about it. Look at, we have 162,000 people watching the show and it was a DOS attack on Rumble in three states and not small ones either.


And we're still, we're still closing in at our biggest audience of the week. That's how freaking loyal you guys and ladies are. And my gosh, I love you for it. Thank you so much. You are the news. Now, this is a real story. It's not about backs slaps, it's about how now it's time to floor the freaking gas pedal. When you're done with me, go watch Graham Allen when you're done with Graham Allen. Watch Crowder. Are you done with Crowder? Watch Tucker then watch Rogan or whatever. You don't need old school media anymore. Here's M-S-N-B-C Morning Joe, which it did. Their ratings are just falling off planet earth. I think we have a far bigger audience than them at this point between audio and video.


Here's morning Joe starting to come to the realization that this is a real problem for them in the future. That we, we, the new media ecosystem, whatever you wanna call it, they call it the Rogan sphere, I don't care what you call it. We're in charge and now they know it. Watch this One in five adults regularly get their news from influencers on social media. The number is even higher among younger Americans with almost 40% under the age of 30, getting their news from those sources. According to the Pew Research Center, the social media site X remains the most widely accessed platform followed by Instagram and YouTube.


I mean, that comes obviously for, for political news. And Mike, that's the challenge. You grew up in a newsroom like Gene, grew up in a newsroom. I mean, that's a lot of challenge. That's a challenge for a lot of mainstream media sources is do they make themselves relevant? Again, Folks, it's over. For them, it's over. I wanna, I'm in a exceptionally good mood today. Friday's closing in, got a big weekend plan hanging out. We're gonna be at Blackbird this weekend, one of my favorite restaurants. I always have a good time. The owner there, Cleve is just one of the most amazing guys. Just really like I, you know, real patriot loves the country, folks, I'm, I'm, I'm I, I wanna make sure that I don't waste your time.


This is only going to get better for us going forward if we take advantage of it. And by better, I mean something very specific. I'm, hopefully I get to this article today or tomorrow from Real Clear Politics. Gee, can you just throw it up on the screen to one about the electoral dynamics changing. It was at the end of the show. I, I, I'm, I'll get to it in more detail. Hopefully today or tomorrow at some point. You have a number of factors. You wanna feel good? Listen to this segment. The stars are aligning for a long-term, maga realignment. This article in real clear, it's in the newsletter and bino.com/newsletter. Why Democrats are losing tomorrow's elections today. Here are these factors lining up at the exact same time.


Number one, and again, I'll discuss this in more detail in another time. People are leaving liberal states and moving to conservative states, but the people leaving are the conservatives. It's creating a real problem for blue states. Because, they lose two things. One, they lose members of Congress because the members of Congress you have, and the number are based on the population, less population, fewer members of Congress. That's a good thing for us. And then more members of Congress from red states. But second, they lose votes in the electoral college, in the presidential race too, because the electoral college votes are based on population two.


Folks, this is a double whammy for them. Now, combine that with the fact that fewer and fewer people, one in five, are watching old school, mainstream liberal media. And then factor number three, the one in five that are still watching it, only 31% of those people, according to that poll we saw before the election, only 31% of people actually believe what they're being told by the mainstream media. I'm not telling you, we're not gonna have some setbacks, I'm just telling you on a Thursday, the weekend's coming. We just won this election. The appointees have been great. The the tide is all coming in for us, man, it is absolutely a delicious time to be alive.


The trend lines for us are all positive. You got a gun to my head right now. And you say, who do you wanna be? Long-term, a Democrat or Republican agnostic of ideology. You 100% wanna be a Republican. Every trend line is going in our direction. You did this, you chose as your source of media, all of those outlets I just mentioned Rumble X truth, and now they're all being left behind. And the problem is the people left behind. Think about what I just said. The math matters. I hope this isn't boring. Is this stupid? I'm sorry. This segment is so critical to understanding and being able to decipher what's happening now and in the future. Only one in five is getting, only one in five people are getting their news from old school sources.


Only about 30% of those people actually believe what they're being told. It's creating a bubble. Let's go back to the beginning of the show in that bubble, they're only talking to each other. They're still telling each other. Defund. The police is great. People want men in the women's bathroom tell black people, they're victims. Tell Asians, you're not allowed in school. No matter how hard you work. They're still telling them that Because, they can't escape the bubble because they're only talking to each other in that isolated thing. Here's a perfect example of what I'm talking about. We haven't used the Scott Jennings clip in a while. I like this guy over at CNN. Here he is, he's the Republican commentator over there trying to explain this to the CNN crew that you guys don't get it because you can't get it because you live in this bubble and nothing's gonna change until you pop it.


Watch this. I do think we have a crisis of especially young men in this country, and they're, you know, in many ways disconnected from the rest of their families, disconnected from their communities, dis disconnected from our political culture, disconnected from our civil culture. And that's a real problem for a society that depends on all of us to be engaged and working together to make it as good of a country and as good of a society as it as it can be. I think the Democrats in this election made men feel like that the patriarchy is over boys. And we're gonna put you in the backseat for a while and you're just gonna have to accept it without any thought to the ramifications of telling people who are out, honestly, trying to make a living, provide for their families.


Be good husbands, be good fathers. When you tell people who are doing their level best, that either A, it's not good enough, or B, you're part of the problem, The schism, man, it is real. Do you see how the lefties on the panel? If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, forgive me, I I love our audio audience too. And some of you just prefer the audio medium and that's cool. I'll explain to you folks who are watching saw it as well as I did. You gotta watch their faces on the panel. They're the bubble dwellers and they're on the left side of the schism. They're just gonna get crazier. They're looking at him like you guys saw it, right? Like they're looking at him like he's a science experiment like we have you on because we know you appeal to a demographic.


We're trying to get back some Republicans on CNN, but we don't actually believe you. They're, they are, they're looking at 'em like they're waiting for something to happen. Like when you drop a Mentos in like a Diet Coke bottle or something. Like they don't really, they're not listening to what he's saying. They're the bubble dwellers. But proven my point again, that there are people on the left who are at least trying to get it. Not because they're down with us or anything like that, but Because, they wanna win and there's money involved. Here's an article with Axio from Axios about Covid calling this the Covid election by Mike Allen. People are now starting to realize what we warned them about Covid. And by the way, to the dip shits on, on Twitter again, these people who like, they don't even wanna you, you know, they, they come out and they, oh, you know, with Covid stuff, I mean, you didn't do a lot of these people that you didn't do shit.


I got banned from YouTube for warning people about the vaccine. And how many times am I gonna tell you this about the damn vaccine? It's number one, the biggest freaking mistake of my life. I'm still taking nattokinase to this day, terrified about it. And second, I had cancer. I had two choices. Die or get treatment with vaccine so you can shut the fuck up. You don't know what you're talking about. At no point ever I will give you a million dollars if you can, a million dollars cash. If you can point to a segment of the show where I told anyone, Hey, you have to go get this vaccine. It's awesome because you'll never find it.


It'd be the easiest million you ever made. Why not just make the money? I mean, to get off on a tangent, but I get that nothing pisses me off more than stupidity on on the platform. It drives me. Cr you got, there's so many morons there. We were on the right side of this. I'm not allowed on YouTube. I can show you the emails because I told people with covid, these people are messing with you. Do not put the face diaper on your face. It doesn't work. And they said, we're gonna kick you off. All right, fine. Kick me off. And they did. Best thing I ever did was go to Rumble. Sorry, I see I get, I gotta stop. I get too crazy with stuff I I told you. I I my that stuff. There's two things that bothered me. The primary and the the mask stuff and the vax stuff because I, if you don't know what it's like to have faced that awful choice, stick this freaking thing in your arm without knowing the side effects or don't get treatment and die.


It's the, I wouldn't wish that on anyone and people attacking me for it. You're disgusting. I hope that doesn't happen to you or your kids ever. And you're faced with these awful choices. You take shots at me all you want, but you're a piece of shit. And just know, I know that I get all distracted. You see that drives you crazy. It's like, stay on point. We got a whole show. Okay, I'm back. See how We can turn it on like that. The Covid election. You see the schism? There are people in the fake moderate side who are realizing their covid tyranny really destroyed their entire party. Brand liberal Democrat, communists, simmering frustration over covid precautions help return Trump to the White House and some public health experts fear the public's trust in science has been irreparably damaged.


Wait, leave this up. Fear you fear it may be irreparably damaged. It's irreparably. There's no, it's it's done. You destroyed it. Put the mask on a freaking mask jam this thing in your arm. Well, what's in it I? Don't know. We'll figure it out later. They know. Some experts now say they took the wrong tone, the wrong tone, the wrong tone. Take this motherfucking jam, but we're gonna fire you from your trip. That's not the wrong tone. You commies. They took the wrong tone here. I love how they framed this too. Check this out. When trying to defend safety measures like masks, it was not a safety measure.


It was not a safety measure or build confidence in the vaccines. The Wall Street Journal reports into a deep dive into the pandemic's, long lasting political impact. Folks, their covid tyranny with you was two simultaneous things at the same time. It was the most disgusting act of political tyranny we've seen in the United States in in 50, 60 years. And simultaneously, ironically, it was the greatest political gift the freedom and liberty movement ever got because the COVI tyranny, tell me in the chat, Bino get on the case.


Yes, you agree with me or no you didn't. I'm serious. I want your opinion. I think more than anything else, more than even open borders and identity politics, tyranny, I think the Covid tyranny is what turned more quote normies over to the MAGA movement than anything else, right? Yeah, it's, we got, oh man, that thing we're tearing that we may break the maybe wasn't the best thing. Sneaky Gemini. Yes, Anna Everett. Yeah. Yes. You're damn right. 200 chats per second. 202. We're blowing up the chat again. 200 chats per second on this. The Covid tyranny. I can't tell you how many, oh my gosh. We are really Burnett.


Dig down, burn it to the ground kids. Burn it to the ground. Chris, I'm sorry. I know we're probably overloading your servers at the wrong time, but that's what the army does when we take over and we're in town. We clean up servers everywhere. Whatever's wrong there. We just knocked it right out. Anyone trying to DDS? You can't even get in because This, bonino army. He's tearing it up. Look at this. Tear it up. Yeah baby. The Covid tyranny. you know how many neighbors came to me? I can't believe the school board did. Wanted to put masks on my kids. Oh man. Did we, did we just crash that sucker? You guys are great. I love you guys. CO tyranny did it more than anything folks.


The schism is real and we need to take advantage of it now. 'cause we have an opportunity now to do significant damage to the liberal communist collectivist movement. And the only way we're gonna do it is with gas. Gas down, pedal down, no stopping midterms coming up. We're gonna move legislation. But secondly, what's policy policy's policy? No people are policy. You are not gonna do anything in government without the right people. Why do they hate Matt Gaetz? Matt Gaetz, the Trump's nominee, of course for Attorney General. I'm gonna show you some quickie moments why they can't stand Matt Gaetz and why Cash Patel is a great choice at FBI as well, despite some of the bullshit, the deep state op going on against them.


If you see it, you'll know exactly it's a total op. I promise you it's a total op. And by the way, I did not in any way attack anonymous accounts. I attacked deep state anonymous accounts. If you didn't, if you can't comprehend that from what I said, you don't belong on my show. Just beat it. You're too stupid to understand what I was saying. Not I I What are you talking about? Like I've been an investor in an entire free speech economy where some of the most controversial speakers in world can only speak because of our investments. Anonymous are not deep state anonymous accounts pretending to be one of us. I hate your guts. And I know exactly what you're doing. You're deep staters. I know it. I'm sure of it. They're attacking all of these people for a reason.


They're trying to smoke you up. Watch Matt Gates with this assistant director of the FBI ON a Hunter Biden laptop. This is why they wanna make this guy go away. Check this out. So where is it? The laptop, Sir, I'm not here to talk about the laptop. I'm here to talk about the FBI cyber program. You are the assistant director of FBI cyber. I want to know where Hunter Biden's laptop is. Where is It Sir I Don't know that answer. That is astonishing to me. Is has has FBI cyber assessed whether or not Hunter Biden's laptop could be a point of vulnerability, allowing America's enemies to hurt our country.


Now you're telling me right here, is that as the assistant director of FBI cyber, you don't know where this is after it was turned over to you three years ago. Yes sir. That's an accurate statement. How are Americans supposed to trust that you can protect us from the next colonial pipeline if it seems that you can't locate a laptop that was given to you three years ago from the first family potentially creating vulnerabilities for our country. I seek unanimous consent to enter into the record of this committee. The contents of Hunter Biden's laptop, which I'm in possession of. This is why they don't want Matt Gates, folks.


They're scared of the people because people are policy. Policy is not policy. Ask Joe Biden when it comes to student loans. Here's another guy. They're afraid of Cash Patel over at FBI. Why? Because cash knows where the bodies are buried. The FBI's become too focused on Intel spying on Americans, all things he's been calling out public for seven, eight years now. It's why they don't want, it's why the deep state's running a bot operation against them. Here's cash on the two-tiered system of justice. This is why they don't want 'em over there. Watch this. Biggest problem I have right now is a two tier system of justice, and that's the biggest argument we need to advance.


Not the Q anon, chaon, whatever that guy's name is, or certain videos depicting X, Y, and Z, but use it as a vehicle to say, look at how differently you can be treated by the justice system in the United States of America, depending on your political orientation. Go back to the Antifa riots of not last summer, but summer before that. Two liberal attorneys, white shoe lawyers, firebombed a New York City police car and burned it to the ground with Molotov cocktails and the judge called him. Literally a good guy, good guy, federal. So they were charged, obviously rightfully so as a federal prosecutor and federal public defender who defended people who did that stuff.


That's a 10 year minimum mandatory federal prison sentence. you know what this DOJ did? Waived the charges, allowed the judge to go under the mid man and gave him basically probation. That's a two-tier system of justice. Mark my word. It's gonna happen with this. So That's why they don't want him. Every single thing I've told you is a problem with the F-B-I-F-I-S-A spying on American citizens a a love affair with intelligence gathering on us and a two-tiered system of justice. He's been publicly calling out forever. What else would you want? A nominee? He's got the perfect portfolio for this. That's why it's not a friends thing. I don't do friends. I do spreadsheets. Plus one minus one. That's it folks, thank you so much.


I love you guys. Sorry about the little tech hiccup up in the beginning. We still had 167,000 people, which is just amazing. You guys are so loyal. And I. Want you to know that loyalty matters the world to me. I cannot thank you enough. I love This bonino army. It's an honor to be part of it. I'll keep you updated with any news. I have not heard anything from anyone. I just wanna say that clearly. You guys are gonna hear anything first, okay? Don't sweat. I have not heard anything from anyone. Alright. Please download the Rumble app. Join us every single day on Rumble at 11:00 AM live. You can watch it on demand anytime. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Please click that subscribe button. It is absolutely free. Get you, you'll get the alerts when we go live. Really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes, and back here. Live tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.