
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Yeah, You're damn right. This is our second to last show every single day. I, you know, I was talking a couple of guys this morning and I had an analogy to what this feels like. Are you interested folks in the chat? 'cause you guys come first. Do you wanna know what this feels like to me? I, I'll tell you quick,


I taste podcast sponsored by Beam. Go to shop beam.com/bino. Use code Bino for 47% of your first order.


Someone asked me this morning, he said, he said, brother, how does it feel? And I said, Michael, I need your take on this one because you, Michael's like a very kind of sober analyst. He's a math guy. So I, I wanna make sure this doesn't sound goofy. It feels like going to a funeral for someone who's 107, Like the people who are getting social security. Like some of the people getting that would be 157. But that's actually very funny. Un unfortunately it's costing us a ton of money. But it does. It's like you're sad, you lost this amazing person, but at the same time you're like 107, Theresa, am I right?


You're like, you won the game of life. You have successfully won if you made it 107 years. Give us a thumbs up. You see Theresa in the studio today, the lovely Theresa from Westwood one, the grand dom of Westwood one. We call her the Bonino Levin whisperer. She's very good at that kind of stuff. You want it life. So the funeral is kind of sad, but at the same time it isn't. That's how I feel. I feel like you and I built this thing together. The P ones who've been here for 10 years, who listened to my first show, there's no question. We built this thing together, so I feel so happy about and honored to have been part of this.


But yeah, man, you, I'm still losing something. So I don't know. Sometimes my analogy suck. Sometimes they don't. But that's, that's real, man. That's how I feel about it, man. We got a big show for you today. Second to last show. Tomorrow will be the finale. I, I don't know. I'm just gonna let you guys know right now. Producer Jim is here in the room. Theresa's here. Collin's coming from Westwood one, like the big boss. I was like, what? What am I, am I getting fired or something like that? What's going on? I'm like, oh, you can't, you're leaving on Monday. Like, what just happened? So I don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow. I'm not messing with you. I do not know what is happening tomorrow. There's a rumor there will be people in the studio.


I don't know. You're gonna have to tune in. I'm not teasing it unnecessarily. Okay, Gee, you what? Say, Gee, do you, I know what he's saying right now. Do you need something from all family Fa That's what he's saying, right? I get it. I get it.


As you know, it's our second to last episode. So before I head off into the sunset here, don't worry, we're going out with a bang here. One of our sponsors, All Family Pharmacy, want to do something big for you, our listeners. It's not just a sale, it's a Thank you. Before we wrap things up, they're offering a buy one get one free on Ivermectin. Hydroxychloroquine, the same meds big pharma tried to bury, but you've always had the right to make your own choices. If you wanna stock up, now's the time. Just complete the form online and a licensed doctor provides the prescription and they can ship your meds straight to your door. Go to All Family Pharmacy dot com slash bonino. They've been my go-to for a while. And use Code Dan, BOGO at checkout. That's Dan b Ogo for a buy one get one. That's the BOGO. Get one free deal. Exclusive to this show. I've always believed your health, your choices are yours. If it matters to you, get help. Take control today, check 'em out. All Family Pharmacy dot com slash bonino. Use code Dan BOGO for buy one, get one before the deal ends on March 17th. Go get yours today. All family pharma. Thank you for your support, by the way. And this products are not intended to diagnose are extended to substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider. Thank you all. Family Pharma.


Today's show also brought to you by, so we've wrap things up. My Patriot Supply, they've been with us from the beginning. We've always been very selective about our sponsors. I'm gonna miss a lot of you. It's been a great business partnership over 10 years. We appreciate it. The world's unstable folks. You gotta be ready at some point, another crisis is gonna hit. That's just a fact. Are you gonna be prepared or not? It's better to have emergency products and not need them than to need them and not have 'em. That's why I asked my Patriot Supply one final time to bring back the emergency preparedness bundle. So you're ready to handle anything. You got your emergency food in it. Three months worth water filtration, heirloom seeds, multivitamins, potassium amide, anti radiation tablets as well. Best of all, you can save $300 on this exclusive bundle, but only while it lasts. Go to my patriot supply.com/bonino now. That's my patriot supply.com/bonino. Don't wait. Be ready before the next crisis hits. And thanks my Patriot supply for standing with us all these years.


All right, fellas, the second to last bell and producer Jim, for the second to last time. I have this thing now called Day Job. And what we just heard is called A Bad, bad. You guys are so good at this. So amazing. Theresa, you've been in this business a while. I know it's new. Again, we invented it. We are the first people to ever do that. It's incredible how we did that fact checkers. Fact, we're just, we're just kidding. I wanna thank also Avita Haley and VINCE. VINCE is in the studio again today. He'll be taking over 10:00 AM on Monday with a huge show. His first guest, Tucker Carlson, he's got another, basically, not another, but a couple.


He's got a really sick lineup, if I can use that word next week. And I don't mean sick, like Ill, I mean you are gonna be impressed. So 10:00 AM right here on the Rumble channel. And Haley and Avita blew it up yesterday. Live search app had 'em at as the 30, was it top 50 overall and number 14 in news yesterday. So you guys are great. We really appreciate it. Thanks for everything. All right, let's get to the news. I thought government shutdowns were terrible. That's what we were told by the Democrats. What did they tell us folks? If government quote shuts down, which it really doesn't shut down. If it shuts down for five minutes, anyone know what's gonna happen? Grandma's definitely dead. Grandma's gonna die. And she's not gonna be 106 either. She could be 60, but without government, they're definitely dead.


Puppies, kittens as well. Maybe you're goldfish. They're all dead. Everyone's gonna die. People are gonna be pushed off cliffs into meat, grinders, wood, chippers and everything else. If government shuts down, which it doesn't really shut down. It is the apocalypse. It is the instant apocalypse. Nothing will happen and life will come to a halt. Which is weird because government shut down before and none of that stuff has actually happened. But the Democrats have told us, you shut down government. It is the, the time will stop. So here is prominent Republican, conservative senator. He tells me this guy has now officially changed parties. I didn't get the news flash, did you? Prominent conservative Palestinian too, which I was unaware of.


Reiki, we were Chuck Schumer. Yeah, Palestinian as well. I did not know this. They have this in here. But here's prominent. This guy's a house freedom caucus guy kind of guy. He's on the Senate side. Chuck Schumer telling us how the government shutdowns are, are now a good thing. Again, how we should shut government down. So I, I didn't know this guy converted. This is incredible. Like baptism by fire. Check this out. Funding the government should be a bipartisan effort. But Republicans chose a partisan path drafting their continuing resolution without any input, any input from congressional Democrats. Because of that, Republicans do not have the votes in the Senate to invoke cloture on the house.


Cr Notice how he, I I obviously we're kidding. This is one of the most liberal Democrats in the Senate. But you almost have to, you don't have to like it, which I certainly don't, but you almost have to respect the grift going on here. How he says, Republicans don't have the votes to stop cloture what he's saying in a backwards, did you guys catch that? When you listen to it, he doesn't wanna state the obvious, which is the Democrats are withholding the votes to pass the bill. So he's blaming it on Republicans. Do you, did you guys get that? It's, it's a, the Democrats have a magical, almost magical power.


I don't mean that in a qualitatively good way to use language in a way that makes you to believe the opposite of what's happening is actually happening. You see what he did there? He could just state the obvious. We're not voting for this and the government's gonna shut down. He doesn't say that. Republicans have not successfully acquired enough of the spreadsheet type transactional vote numbers in order to invoke the court because he doesn't wanna say the obvious, we're shutting the government down. I thought we weren't shutting. I thought the government shut down was terrible. People are all gonna, you, you went through the whole litany of horribles. You ever hear the term parade of horribles? Everyone's gonna die if the government shuts down. So now the Democrats who told us we need government, you need government in every aspect of your life, every aspect of your life.


There's not, you can't hit a baseball without government. Now all of a sudden the Democrats are to shut the government down, shut the government down party. Once you learn to dissect political euphemisms, you can never go back. How he handled that is why I played that clip. Notice the language he uses. He doesn't wanna state the obvious. So what's the solution to that, folks? The solution to that is for you all to get out the message out there that it's not the Republicans who shut this thing down. Whether we agree with the spending levels or not, I don't, I've been fairly candid about that, but we didn't have the votes. We will do reconciliation.


They, the Democrats are the ones not voting to keep the government open, therefore voting to shut it down by simple logic. Here's Chuck Schumer again. Again. Misdirection is how they do everything. I want you to notice again how they use euphemisms and word games to try to play games with things that are actual facts. Three plus three equals six. There's no way to word game your way out of that. Okay, here he is talking about Elon and social security fraud. So Elon Musk and the Doge found out before you hear this clip. So you understand that there's a lot of fraud in social security, but here's how it's working. There are people calling Social security offices and changing over the phone routing numbers.


So if GI say gets social security, Michael calls and says, Hey, flip it over to my, my account without gee's authorization. Elon and his team found that this is a real problem and are fixing the phone system. Listen to the way Schumer characterizes this and says, ah, you know, we don't have evidence of all this fraud. Really, I'll show you the receipts coming up after that. Check this out. Americans certainly support eliminating waste, but they don't want to see their social security benefits taken away over a lie perpetuated in hopes of just slashing them to give tax breaks for billionaires paid for by the middle class.


A musk. As Musk lies shamelessly about social security, he conveniently ignores the federal government, already conducts an audit of social security every single year. He cherry picks data to suggest that tens of millions of dead people are getting checks. This is a lie. Like so many of his other lies. It's a lie, folks. It's a lie. He made it up. It's a lie. No fraud and social security. Except if you go back to this Office of Inspector General Report from August 19th, 2024, which says what? Yes, Justin, you're correct. He's like, I didn't say anything I know, which says there is shockingly fraud and social security.


They found nearly $72 improperly paid. That doesn't say $72. It says 72 billion, billion dollars, billion 72. That's a, that's a lot of money. Do me a favor, Justin, look up the entire state budget of say North Dakota. Tell me what it's, so let me read this. Inspector General Report. Inspector General Reports. This is by the way, 2024. August of 2024. Nearly 72 billion is improperly paid. Recommended improvements go unimplemented through several audits. Social Security Administration, inspector General made dozens of recommendations to prevent improper payments before they occur.


Also to correct existing improper payments. However, to date, many of those recommendations remain unimplemented leading to continued improper payments. 72 billion billion. This is not an Austin Powers moment. This says the North Dakota State budget for the 2025 biennium is approved by the 2022 legislation assembly total US 19.6 billion. Wow. Gee says 19.6, round up 20 billion. So you're talking about over three x the budget of an entire state in this great United States of America. That's the fraud in the system.


Three times the entire state budget. Sounds to me like kind of a B, f, D big deal. You see, folks, there's a problem with this. Outside of the obvious, nobody likes fraud. The problem with this is you have people who paid into the system. What do you mean? I mean, like their entire adult lives accurately paid into the system. I almost slipped and said literally, but I just said it. I hate that word. I only got two more days to tell you how much I hate that word. I'm gonna fit it in. So I lost the chat here. I wanna see you guys. I gotta turn off the wifi sometimes. There we go. Now you're back, folks.


There's a problem with this. I always use the example of, say at the, the parking spots for people who have physical disabilities, right? Someone pulls in there who's not disabled and has no problem, and someone who comes in who may say be in a wheelchair or has to move with a cane, doesn't get that spot. It is not cost free when $72 billion is stolen from taxpayers who put their money into this system anticipating a, a, a, a government annuity based system. Typically, it's not. It's a pego system, but whatever. And it's stolen, that's no money for you. You have to ask yourself a very serious question right now.


Why is Chuck Schumer ignoring this office, nonpartisan Office of Inspector General Report? Because of what I told you. There are Democrats up on the hill who just don't care about fraud because they feel like this. You ready? Tattoo this on your brain. Once you find out how much government fraud and public corruption is going on within federal government enterprises like the Social Security Administration, they're afraid you'll never trust government again. That's why they're hiding this. You wanna get paid and get your paid into social security benefits.


You should be the first one screaming about this, folks. The, the Democrats used to pretend to care about waste, fraud, and abuse. How do we know this hat tip, the Great Maize Moore Maze. Guys, are we gonna miss Maze? Maze, can you, can we get a little goodbye from you tomorrow? May we love you Maize Moore. If you're not following Mamore on X, you're making a huge mistake at M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E. Can you pull him up on the screen? By the way, I know you can share your screen. This account. Folks, we love hat tips here because we are not the only people in the space. There are amazing creators who deserve the best.


And I'm gonna tell you something guys. Is there some, anyone we've used more? There you go. Maze Moore on X. There's the account. Make sure everybody goes and follows them. I don't care if you tell 'em we set you or not. Doesn't matter to me. All that matters is you follow follow that account. Great video content, fantastic montages. Who else? We got Western Lensman? Fantastic. What I, I hate to leave anybody out. There's so many. You've got Gunther Gelman. We love, we love our buddy Chicago Ray Insurrection Barbie. They were just s so, so many who, oh, of course Cat Turd. I mean Cat turds like the bad we love Cat.


There we go. Just fantastic accounts to follow the Rabon. We love Gradon. Tom Elliott from Gradon. So if you're putting together a show, shout outs are important. Here is Maize Moore with a great montage of how the Democrats, prominent Democrats used to claim at least that they cared about waste, fraud, and abuse until we actually found it. Check this out. We cannot keep our promises on Medicare. We simply must make the cuts and waste fraud and abuse in Medicare so that the benefits and the premiums are untouched. There is an enormous amount of waste and fraud and abuse in this government.


When there is waste and fraud you have at administration who should also be on top of that situation. If we're going to eliminate the waste, fraud, and abuse in Medicare, it does mean we're gonna cut some of that out. And when I hear my friend Dave camp say, you cannot cut money outta Medicare, you can't just get up there and say, we don't wanna cut anything outta Medicare. We wanna cut the bad stuff and keep the good stuff. This is such a loser argument for them. The Democrats. I mean, precision matters to go to the wall to shut the government down.


It's a absolute loser argument for them. They, Donald Trump has them so discombobulated. There's another word I hate, but I'll use it here that they're arguing against now. Bedrock, Democrat collectivist principles. Like we need the government. What do we do without the government? That's why we're asking you to pay 40% of your money. The government. We, we need it so much, we're willing to shut it down. That argument just doesn't work as a conservative, you know, you don't want any of these things to kind of shut down. You want it efficient and lean, but it's not against your fundamental ethos that I don't need government in my life. I need, you know, I I need family, God, country, police, department of court system.


Just a train wreck argument, by the way, before I take a break, where did I get the Chuck Schumer's Palestinian? You know, I didn't make that up. Senator Schumer. Gee, if you would, this is one of my favorites in the show today. Producer Mike did some of this. Is that correct? This is a banger of producer Mike. Nice job man. Producer Mike is a genius. I, I was well aware of that, but now he really kind of hammered it. You know, receipts matter. Here's Donald Trump. This is where we got that from in the beginning of the show. Check this out. And Schumer is a Palestinian, as far as I'm concerned. You know, he's become a Palestinian. He used to be Jewish. He's not Jewish anymore. He's a Palestinian. I, I, it's, I'm just spread the news cycle.


There you go. I was I unaware of that? Not aware of that. Oh man, I told you man, we had a great show for you. Line up, up next. It's the second to last show. For 10 years I've been saying the same thing. I'm gonna take my last poll on this question just to make sure I haven't been wrong for 10 years. I love the economic segments. Some people don't. B Gino, this is it. Do you want me to run with this next segment? 'cause Howard Lutnick explained the Trump theory on tariffs so well yesterday. Just while we're yes or no?


Yes. You want to hear it? No you don't. If not, I'll move on to another topic. But this may be my last one. Bino, you're up. Badder up.


Listen, I got this really nice note I've been telling you about for Miles at BrickHouse Nutrition. I spoke with him on the phone as I depart the business. And Miles has been great to me. Miles has been, sorry. Gee, miles been amazing. He's like, bring to the mic. And BrickHouse Nutrition was my first sponsor. I remember, was it Miles seven years ago? Or I said, Hey man, there's all these fruit and vegetable supplements on the market. And I told them, did I nod? I said, miles, they taste terrible. No one wants to try. 'cause they taste so bad. That's why they put a lot of 'em in pills. I said, can't you get a fruit and a vegetable and a powder that's good and actually tastes good? I mean, there's berries and stuff and Miles figured out. It's called Field of Greens. I feel like I was on this journey with them forever. Also Lean. I lost after I came down with cancer. I had to lose weight. So I lost 28, 30 pounds. I used Lean. They're two great products. So Miles wanted to thank the audience before we leave, but this is only for this week. So folks shut down their websites. Stock up. 40% off. 40% off is a Thank you to the Bonino Army. Here's the website, BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash Dan. Whatever nutrition, a nutritional supplement you need. BrickHouse Nutrition has it for you. Use Koan for 40. I didn't get that wrong. It's not four, it's 40. They're doing it for you. They just want to thank the audience. They wanna show their appreciation. So please thank 'em back for sticking with us for 10 years. BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan promo code. Dan. That's code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. And Thank you Miles for an amazing partnership.


And delete me as well. Delete me. Makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. Deleteme does all the hard work of wiping you and your family's personal information from data broker websites. Once you sign up, just provide Deleteme with exactly what information you want deleted and their experts. Take it from there. Deleteme also sends your regular sends regular personalized privacy reports showing what info they found, where they found it, and to get it removed. You don't want your identity stolen. And someone who lives a very public life and who had my identity stolen, I'm hypersensitive of how this works. So take control of your data, keep your private life private by signing up for Deleteme now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me plan when you go to join Deleteme dot com slash bonino and use promo code bonino at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join Deleteme dot com slash bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout. That's join Deleteme dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


Well, that is a wrap on our last economic of the show. On our last poll of economics. It is a resounding yes. So here we go. Here is Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick with one of the best explanations as to why Donald Trump is attempting to reorganize our economy in a more efficient, tax efficient and productivity efficient manner. I want you to listen to this 'cause I haven't heard anyone explain it like this. And he just has this reporter basically speechless. He says nothing as he just hammers her on the debt problem and the issues we're having. Check this out.


$2 trillion deficits don't bother you at all. How could you ask me while we're running a $2 trillion deficit and not care? You're destroying the people who have run this country before are destroying the future for my children and my children's children. I can't have a 50 75. We have a $36 trillion deficit and that we used to run deficits of 400 billion. Now 2 trillion. Everybody's like, Ugh, who cares? I tell you what, who cares? Donald Trump cares. And when we balance the budget, you know what that means?


That means our deficits stop interest rates come smashing down. His goal is to have external revenue. You know, the way I think about it, we all are so used to paying taxes. We're so used to it. We have like Stockholm Syndrome. I have not heard, I got another clip of him coming up in a minute. I haven't heard a better and simpler explanation about why Donald Trump has Elon Musk and the Doge looking for efficiencies in government and way to ways to cut the tidal wave of Red Ink. Folks, this is very simple. I I may not Do it as eloquently as Secretary Lutnick just did, but I'm gonna try. When the government spends more money than it takes in from taxes, which we've been doing every year for decades, Republicans and Democrats.


To be clear, ah, both parties have been responsible. Where does the money come from? No one ever thinks about this. The money's gotta come from somewhere. 'cause all the checks cash, right? Have you ever gotten a social security check that bounced? No. Seriously. Outside of some anomaly, someone claimed fraud or something. No. Well, how is that happening? Clearly, some of you out there are getting money that the government never took in from tax dollars, correct? Because it didn't. Well, the answer is it borrowed it from who? Well, from you, or it printed it and digitally created it through the Fed. We had quantitative easing and all this type of stuff.


What's the problem with that, folks? The problem is this tidal wave of debt creates more money. 'cause the money has to come from somewhere. And when you have more money in an economy, interest rates go up. Do you know why that is? It's very simple. This is why Commerce Secretary Lutnick was given the example of interest rates. You gotta buy a house, you gotta buy a car. You wanna pay 20% interest rates on these items. Keep spending money we don't have. Because why? Because for the United States to keep borrowing money at the levels we are the me number, he mentioned $30 trillion, 2 trillion. This year alone, you have to pay people higher and higher interest rates to take a risk of lending the government money.


It's not hard. There is no such thing as a what? Free lunch. Yes. Producer Jim. He's like, I didn't say anything. I know I'm in your head. I know what you're thinking. He's a Milton Friedman guy too. There's no such thing folks to any Democrat or any Republican saying, oh, don't worry. Just keep loading up on the red ink and the debt. Who's gonna make us pay? The answer is, you know, who's gonna make you pay this guy? His name is Mr. Jim. Do you know? He's like, I have no idea. His name is Mr. Math. Mr. Math. He also goes by Mr. Arithmetic. Sometimes Mr. Numbers, the money has to come from somewhere and once you create it, it's very difficult to uncreate.


Now it's incredible that under the Biden Obama, and listen, we've had some, a lot of spending in the, in the Trump year or two, we had the Covid stuff. What's incredible is that Donald Trump in just, we have what, 53 days? 54 plus or minus a day or two into the Trump term. The second Trump presidential term that now in inflation, which candidly could be five, six, 7% is actually coming down and it's 2.8. It's amazing that only 50 days, president Trump and his team Secretary Lutnick, treasury Secretary Besson, energy Secretary Wright and others that they've already managed to at least get a little bit of a lid on the inflation crisis, despite the tidal wave of red ink is incredible.


It's so incredible. Even CNN is like, well, you know, this inflation reduction stuff can't really deny it's happening because it's yes happening. Check this out. Finally, we have some good news on the economy and really the number one issue for many Americans, the cost of living. So we just learned that consumer prices in February increased by 2.8% year over year 0.2%, month over month. Both of these figures were a step in the right direction, and both were better than expected. Okay? So this is definitely very encouraging to see because it's going to, I think, relieve some fears that inflation was perhaps reaccelerating because this actually breaks a streak of four straight months where I think you could see it on the chart all the way to the right where the inflation rate was going in the wrong direction.


Right? It was going higher and higher. Finally, we're seeing it dip. Listen, I get, I have a lot of critics out there, Jim, they just discovered this thing I have now called what? Yes, a job. They just discovered it. And Jim, we're gonna take a break in a second for this thing called what? Yes. And, and they just discovered this. I can't say this enough. Don't ever accuse me of partisan bias on the economy. I told you Republicans and Democrats have added to the debt and deficit. Did I not? Period. I have been very clear on this. The reason I play CNN polling a lot is I don't want you accusing me of making the numbers up. CNN clearly has an ideological agenda, which isn't mine.


And they're even telling you, here are the numbers are inflation. They're coming down since President Trump got in office. I'm going to explain to you why in a second. And it has a lot to do with what Secretary Lutnick just said about the printing of money and the chasing of goods. There's something Donald Trump and his team have done that is causing it to kind of level out. It could spike again, but causing it to level out Receipts matter. I'll explain in a minute.


Hey, I was reading recently hearing a loss can be directly correlated with dementia. You should look that up. It's a very disturbing trend. Are you paying thousands of dollars for having hearing aids that don't even work Well, MD hearing makes high quality, easy to use. Rechargeable hearing aids that cost a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost my father actually use them. MD hearings Neo model cost over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. It fits inside your ear so no one will even know it's there. MD hearing just launched the an the Neo XS MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever. MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. Plus MD hearing is sold over 2 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a one Hundred percent money back guarantee. So get the high quality affordable hearing aids you deserve with MD hearing. Here's the website. Shop md hearing.com. Use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a hundred dollars value. Just for listeners of the show, that's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Patriot and get a pair for hearing aids for just $297.


Again, I appreciate your support of the sponsors throughout the years.


FES folks, this is our last one for today and they've been great to us to burn out. Imagine you are your loved ones face a threat, a crucial to consider, a safer, less lethal alternative to avoid many of the complications associated with the traditional firearms burner's. Less than lethal pistol launcher can be equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammunitions designed to incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes, minimizing the risk of permanent harm. Burner's real life customer, Adam. He recount. He was headed to work one night and a road raging driver swerved in front from stopped and aggressively got out of the car, approaching him remaining calm. Adam dialed 9 1 1 and armed himself with his burner launcher. Aiming the laser at the aggressor's chest immediately deescalated the situation. The driver returned to his vehicle and awaited the police. The officers confirmed that Adam's non-lethal response was perfectly judged that night burner just didn't prevent a potential tragedy. It saved two lives without causing physical harm. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and conveniently ship right to your door. Visit berna.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount to my listeners today. That's b yna.com/dan. Must be 18 or older. Visit berna.com/dan for details. Thank you, Berna.


So why is this happening? Why is inflation still elevated? Okay, like we do receipts here. We don't do hide inconvenient truth, but why is it coming down in just 50 plus days of the Trump administration? There are a lot of reasons, but I'm gonna give you two that I think are the most important. Our energy secretary, who's excellent Secretary Wright, has committed in conjunction with Donald Trump and his team President Trump, to a full, I don't know how other way to say it. Drill, baby drill agenda. If we have gas and petro products underneath the ground somewhere, it is our goal to get them cheaply into your gas tank, into your factory so that you can run your business.


Now why does that matter? Because folks, there's a futures market for these products. In other words, people will bid on the future price of oil and gas. There's a huge speculative market I know that has a negative connotation speculators, but that's what people Do. It's a free country. You can, you can, you know, invest in futures, contracts all you want. Futures contracts are gonna start to come down dramatically as energy Secretary Wright and President Trump start opening up land for more development. That is why. And that's it. Why does that have to do with inflation? Well, it's fairly obvious. A huge chunk of your expenses are home heating bills, gasoline prices, oil and gas for your, for your heater in your house.


But think about for the business world folks. These factories don't run on good intentions. They run on oil and gas and petro products. It's energy that goes into this. You wanna build a manufacturing base, we need energy. It's a huge input cost. So if you can control an input cost, your output cost, In other words, the forward facing price of the product you deal with is gonna be less. That's why the inflation number is starting to e even though we are dealing with a massive hangover of a $30 trillion debt and $2 trillion from last year. Second thing, Donald Trump's tax cuts through the extension of his 2017 tax cuts, which have now the processes at least started through reconciliation.


Republicans collectively said, we want this and started the process. There's a futures market as well, not technically, but it's called the stock market. The stock market is the net present value today of the future profits of a company. I, I'm, I don't wanna bore anyone into that. When you invest in a stock that say 10 x the the money that the company makes, why would you invest in a stock that the company says it's more than they actually make? The answer is 'cause you're not investing in what they make today. You're investing in the net present value of their future profit stream. So if you think tax cuts are coming and production's gonna be juiced, then people are investing in the stock market anticipating more products out there that are gonna suck up a lot more of this money and therefore inflation.


Whew, that was a lot. Here's the second part of that interview. Secretary Howard Lunik talking about how Donald Trump doesn't want personal income taxes. He's not talking about consumption taxes 'cause that's basically what tariffs would be. But income taxes, I dunno if he's talking about capital gains too. But Donald Trump's goal is no taxes for people to make less than $150,000 a year. Do you have any idea the impact on the economy if you basically took home outside of state and local taxes or property taxes, your entire paycheck, you have any idea how much juice to the economy that would be?


Listen to this. How about no tax on tips? How about no tax on overtime? How about no social security? How about all those things? These are the kind of thoughts that will change America. I know what his goal is. No tax for anybody who makes less than $150,000 a year. That's his goal. So you, and that's what I'm working for. Put aside all the nonsense partisan talking points because we do only receipts here. That's all I care about. I'm not interested in talking points. Ladies and gentlemen, if you make 150,000 say a hundred, we'll just use a rounder number there. You make a hundred thousand dollars a year. That's state and local taxes.


Obviously Donald, president Trump, that's, you know, he can influence that, but he can't legislate on that. Okay? Or he's not the executive over that. The governors are take out 10% on average. So you figure you can take home 90% of your paycheck, no federal income taxes, nothing else. Do you have any idea how much money would flow into the economy? So now say I can throw out round numbers. You're making three, 400 extra dollars a paycheck, weekly or biweekly, right? Three, 400 extra dollars a paycheck. What are you gonna do with it? The answer is it doesn't matter. Whatever you do with it, the economy gets juiced. Well, Dan, if I don't spend it, the economy doesn't get juiced.


I didn't buy anything that is incorrect. Sir, I know you're not saying that. My P ones because you're smart. What do you do with the money? Well, I would put it in a bank and it's not doing anything. No, the bank is taking that money and lending it to a business. And the more money that flushes around in the economy, interest rates then come down, the money becomes cheaper because there's more money. It's like anything else. You run outta bagels, they become expensive, you have a lot of bagels. They become really cheap. Supply demand. It's not hard. Market clearing price is the intersection of those two points on a graph. You get a ton of money flushing into banks now and the financial system loans get cheaper.


People can buy more cars, cheaper people can buy more homes. Businesses can buy more factory equipment. There is no scenario here by which the economy loses none. But Dan, what if they spend the money great and maybe they buy another car. So then the car dealer has to replace the car you just bought. So they have to get more steel and glass and rubber for the tires and brake pads. Then they gotta hire another salesman and everybody gets a job. But Dan, the government would be starved of money. Okay? Show me evidence. Anyone in the chat show me evidence of that? No. Show me evidence.


Show me a Republican tax cut of the last 40 years that has quote cost the government money. I'll wait. Okay? You can't. Now, for the liberals in the chat who say clearly you're lying. I heard in school from my liberal professor, Sam Samuel Gee had the same liberal professor on the quad smoking a bowling and Samuel told them the Reagan tax cuts eviscerated the benevolent government and stole money from the government. It's actually the government's money. It's not yours. I say, really? Do me a favor. Go to Statista website, it's statistics website and pull up US federal government revenue by year and show me the Republican tax.


Cut that quote cost the government money. Oh, look at that. Look at that. The Reagan tax cuts government actually brought in more money. Let's go back even farther. Let's go back to Calvin Coolidge. There are people out there in the, on the other side of fence. Who was that? He was a president. Look at his tax cuts. Oh look, the government made more money. Look at the George W Oh my gosh, look at these guys. They're so fast. I didn't even tell 'em to do that. Here it is on the screen. I saw it pop up. We got fancy monitors. Total receipts of the US government. 2000 to 2029. Guys, I'm not a math Michael, you're a math major. Correct? That line looks like it's going what direction up You guys have that upside down.


Can confirm it's up. Michael says, I am a math major. I can confirm that is in fact up. That's the chart. But I thought liberals told us that the Trump tax cuts, the Bush tax cuts and the Reagan tax cuts cost us a whole boatload of money. Now, to be clear, that only covers Bush and Donald Trump. But that's not what I see in that handy dandy chart there. So Dan, what you're telling me is if the Trump vision for the economy is implemented, people will have more money. People will sell more cars. Barbers will give more haircuts, people will get more jobs. It'll be fewer people on unemployment and social services. So we won't have to spend more tax dollars taking care of people and that the government may actually raise more revenue because they're taking a slice from an enormous pie.


That's exactly what I'm telling you. Now, if you're gonna counter that and say, well that plan sucks, I'm gonna say to you, okay, show me your receipts. Look at that. You don't, you don't have 'em. You don't. You don't have 'em. No, no. We have an example of a great economy. We have the Barack Obama eight years. Really? You do. Maybe you're unaware of this, but you should check this yourself. Fact check it so you don't think I'm making it up. Do you know Barack Obama is the only president in modern US history in eight years. In eight years he had two terms in case you forgot the only president in modern US history to not hit the 3% GDP mark ever in his eight years.


3%. That's not even that hard to do. And an economy as powerful as ours, I strongly encourage you to just, if you're gonna fight back, go right ahead. I respect and love free speech and I love a good argument. All I'm asking for is the receipts. That's it. And what is what I'm saying wrong is what I'm saying wrong. It's not, and you know it. And by the way, if you're gonna throw a curve ball at me, someone sent me the nicest email yesterday. It was a a a woman. And if you're out there listening, I, forgive me, I forget your name, it's not intentional. We're just getting so many nice emails. And she said to me, Dan, what I'm gonna miss most about your show is you always bring the hard receipts.


And I use them to debate my liberal friends. And I never lose an argument. I gotta tell you, I almost started like the tears almost started flowing. Like that is the, that is like the sole purpose of this show from the beginning. That has been the purpose of the show. Folks opinions are like holes, right? Everybody's got one. Can you back it up or not? And the purpose of this show for 10 years has been to produce data and receipts that you can go and say, I'm sorry, you're entitled to your opinion, which I respect, but your opinion is not a fact. It's actually incorrect. You doubt what I'm telling you.


Show me. Otherwise you can't. I'm gonna miss that. But I hope you understand that as of Monday, I have a different responsibility to all of the citizens of this great United States and my partisan hat like it had in the past, during my time in my prior line of work protecting both Republicans and Democrat presidents. I hope you all understand that. I have to. I know you're killing my vibe. Sheesh Gee, I'm gonna miss that too. He's the worst timing ever. Do you know, like having this emotional moment, he's like, to the bike, I'm eating the thing.


What else you want me to do? Oh, okay, well that's a good point. Well, regardless what I was saying is that, you know, Monday, I hope you all understand. I have to put that all aside. That's what I swore to do and that oath matters to me. And I know you guys respect that. So Thank you. Alright, let me get to my next topic so I don't get too emotional about, about this stuff. Again, tomorrow's show is gonna be a total surprise. It's not a joke. I am not kidding. I have no idea what these guys have planned on radio or podcast. And I think that's gonna be the best part of it. So this happened yesterday, folks in the chat. One of my final, yeah, why Jimmy Dogg?


That's hilarious. Why are you afraid to dress the k Jimmy? That's an appropriate name for you. Jimmy Dogg. If you picked a a, a a a pseudo name, that was perfect for you. Yes, you're right Keith. We've never discussed that topic ever on the show, right? Ever. No, never, never, never. Not. Don't we actually have shows titled that, that we I'm sure we do. Yeah. Yeah, it's, you can actually look at the library, but of course we always got some smart ass in the in the chat. Who likes to say dumb stuff? Not, not this guy though. Henry 0 4 2 Oh I love, no, we, we don't get why does Gee by the way, always capitalize That happens with me with autocorrect. Is there a reason?


Yeah, because it stands for graphic user interface. Oh, oh oh the comp. Yes, yes. Graphic user Inter good point. Yeah, it does that for me all the time too. That is not my legal name though. That is not, I know it's not your legal name. I found that out interestingly enough when some employment documents, I was like, wow, look at this. But we like it. All right, back to the show. You know how easily I get distracted sometimes show's authentic and I, I just got so much going on in my head man. So yesterday, one of the best Donald Trump appointments so far as the borders are. Can we all agree? If you disagree, let me know. In the chat has been the great Tom Holman. I just wanna show you this yesterday leftist activist.


I thought they hated insurrections and taking over government buildings. I thought that was their thing. You know, we're anti insurrection. We hate the Chewbacca guy. Remember him? Chewbacca almost took over the country. We almost lost everything. It was the worst event since the Civil War. Remember them talking about that? They don't seem to care much about insurrections in the New York State Capitol. All Tom Holman was doing was showing up to talk about illegal immigration in New York. They didn't like that there was a lot of screaming and yelling. He out of a police escort inside. Check this out.


Yeah, I know. I'm just sorry. Smarty Pants three. What a name. I love using your receipts. It's why I trust your opinions. I try not to get as emotional. Thank you sir or ma'am. Love you too. I thought they don't like insurrections. I thought they were the anti insurrection party. I don't get it. Looks to me very insurrection here is dark mode. Tom Holman. You gotta love this guy, guy. I've met Tom. I've known Tom a long time. Amazing guy. An absolute patriot by the way. Another guy who has worked for Democrat and Republican presidents and has done his job the exact same way. They just don't like him 'cause he is working for a Republican president. Now. Here is dark mode. Tom Holman. He guys lifted the dark mode over on child separations.


Ladies and gentlemen, you don't wanna be separated from your child, don't commit a crime. You have to go to jail. It's really not difficult to do. Check this out. You know, I always hear all the time, family separation, Holman's the Godfather San separation. Let me be clear, zero tolerance is about saving lives. But we figure we start prosecuting people who violate the law and put the children in harm's way. Maybe they stopped coming and they did. Numbers went down. It's unfortunate. Families got separated. But it happens to American families every day. It's gonna happen in Albany today, that American family will be separated by law enforcement. 'cause the child can't go to jail. A parent. But we wanna talk about family separation. A half a million children and Joe Biden were trafficked in this country.


They can't find 300,000 of them. That's the separation. But you know what? President Trump's committed, we're going to find them and we're going to save them. 'cause many children are forced slavery. Many children are forced sex slavery. We're going to save them this administration. You're not gonna find a more powerful voice for a strong border. Folks. The border is not a suggestion. It was never designed to be a suggestion. Just like the Constitution is not a suggestion. Do you understand? Most of you, I assume, have traveled, have have any of you traveled overseas? Some have, some haven't. You understand what, you know, Avita and I were having this conversation or no, I I, I gotta tease that, by the way, don't let me forget, make sure, don't let me get off the air.


But Avita and I, you know, Avita and I are friends outside of us working at least in the, for the next few days in the same company. But Avita and I were talking about how you do at, at one of the exceptions to the search and seizure rules of our constitution are at the US border. When you come back in, say you cross into Mexico and drive back at the border, they can search your car. They can search your car. If we don't have rules at the border and restrictions on who can come in and come out. You don't even have a country. You have a suggestion of a country. You have what's called a landmass and that's it.


Speaking of which, you know, I'd like to think there's a lot of things I'm good at, a lot of things I'm not good at. A lot. Matter of fact, wrote a whole book about things I'm not good at, but I'm a really good judge of talent and I knew we had a star in Avita early on. I knew it. The show has been just incredible for us. rumble.com/avita, I hope you're watching every single day. She said to me the other day, you know, Dan, can you do my show on Friday, tomorrow? I said, absolutely. So we had a little conversation about it and the conversation went on forever and it was just, there's so many interesting, everything from the vaccine, from how we got to where we are, to protests on campus to the Khalil case, to free speech, to the book, the natural. Some of you know where I'm going with that. You're not gonna wanna miss this conversation tomorrow. If there was ever a early edition with Avita at 9:00 AM every day show you wanted to watch, it's tomorrow. It's a really candid conversation, a very emotional one with me and avita duffy rumble.com/avita. 9:00 AM eastern time tomorrow. Always check out Haley. Haley had 13,000 streamers last night at 6:00 PM The Bino Army. You guys are amazing. You are so incredibly loyal. Thank you so much.


And then VINCE sitting right out there, actually starting next week at 10:00 AM his first interview, Tucker Carlson. And believe me, that's on it. He has emptied out his Rolodex to bring you the best first week you're gonna see folks. This is, it is my last, my last show like this tomorrow. I don't really know what's ahead. These guys have taken over the show for tomorrow and I appreciate that. But this is gonna be my last show with this format.


So, so thanks. That's all I gotta say. I love you guys. See you the radio show a little bit. I'm back here tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bonino show Man.