
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. So a couple people asked me to turn in my man card. A couple of listeners said, Dan, you've been talking way too much about this 50th birthday. What are you? Some kind of prima donna. Well, today's the big day. I'm a little worried though, a little bit windy. It was about a little bit of wind left. You don't get too much of that down here in Florida, but It was a little bit windy last night, but I think it'll be like mid I 60. So I think we're gonna be okay, but it's a big day. So, you know, we talk about snapshots and soundbites. Snapshots say it right brother snapshots and soundbites all the time. So I thought kind of what better way on a great day, like today for me, I'm really happy today.


I mean, it's such an in an amazing mood to do with snapshots and soundbites show where we recapped the entire year. I think you're gonna really like this. I hope you enjoy it. A lot of these were picked by our production staff, but based on the feedback we got from you guys, and it kind of sums up this whole past year in politics,


Hey, you know, I can't sleep without my beams Dream Powder, have an exclusive discount for my listeners, up to 45% off. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bun Gino, I got that.


And then also towards the end, we're just gonna cover some of the stuff from the clips from this show. Some of the shows I thought really resonated with you guys. You tell me what you think, I'd love to see your feedback.


Hey, we're all feeling pretty good about where the country's headed now, but I'm concerned you don't wanna let your guard down. That is when emergencies happen or emergencies 'cause you didn't see 'em coming. Okay? Don't get caught. Have these emergency products you need because you want you better to have 'em and not need 'em than to need 'em and not have 'em, right? Whether it's emergency food kits, solar power generators, water treatment systems use my Patriot Supply. They're the best in the business. I've been using 'em forever. And right now you can get their four week emergency food kit for $50 off their four week emergency food kit. Includes some of my favorite meals, creamy Alfredo pasta, addicting snacks like sweet banana chips too. With warehouses located across America, my Patriot Supply can send your four week emergency food kit as little as one day. So go to my Patriot supply.com to get your four week emergency food kit. Now remember, you can get it for $50 off, so don't wait. Emergencies can happen anytime. That's my patriot supply.com to get your four week emergency food kit. Now my patriot supply.com.


All right fellas, let's see what we got here. Let's start breaking it down. Listen, I practice what I preach, snapshots and soundbites. That's what politics is, is a political show. It is pictures and soundbites. If you think it's anything different, you have tuned into the wrong show. You may wanna watch a show like Rachel Maddow where they get everything wrong all the time because they think it's more than snapshots and soundbites. So let's see what we got for clip one the year in review. Check this out As it has been in the United States for Jamaica. One of the issues that has been presented as an issue that is economic in the way of its impact has been the pandemic. We will assist Jamaica in COVID recovery by assisting in terms of the recovery efforts in Jamaica that have been essential to, I believe, what is necessary to strengthen not only the the the issue of public health, but also the economy.


Okay, I'm, I'm, I'm just gonna let you know in advance, I swear to you on my integrity. The guys did not, they don't like when I know the clips in advance because they think they're gonna get an inauthentic response. And one of the things people say they love about the show is it's real. You're damn right. It's real. I didn't know what they were gonna play. My response to that is what the, did she just say, you wanna know why Kamala Harris lost the campaign? She had the absolute inability to give any clear and concise answer on any topic whatsoever. Because I, you know, sometimes with the clips I've heard 'em like five or six times, right guys, before I send 'em over.


So I already know, I don't really have to hear it. I've heard it. I cut it, I sent it over, I watched it, I watched it two or three times, sometimes more. I'm listening to this and I still can't figure out what the hell she just said. If there was ever a clip that summed up the word salad problem and the lack of any kind of vision from Kamala Harris, that Was it. I remember that one. Alright, let's see what else you got. And assistance to state and local governments around transit dollars and looking holistically at the connection between that and housing this, the SA and looking holistically at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing.


Okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. Joe Pesci style. Okay. Okay. Okay. Leo Getz. Some of you'll get that. One of the biggest problems in politics I find with people, and it it's politics and the media. I've kind of discussed this before, but I'll bring it up here again because it's critical, especially with this new year coming around and, you know, midterms only two years away, I call this the SAT problem. It's where a politician who's not that bright, very little aptitude, maybe some achievement, but it's foe achievement. They, they hear a word they think makes them sound somewhat educated and eloquent on a matter, gravitas, holistically, whatever it is, right?


They find, they find this stupid word and they fall in love with it, and they repeat it endlessly on loop thinking they found something that makes 'em sound. What's the, oh man, producer Jim, help me out. What's the Joe Biden word? He says all the time, whenever he wants to sound smart. Shit, what do you guys gotta get this to me? He says this word all the time when he's trying to sound like he's really smart. It's the SAT word problem. Don't do this. It draws unnecessary attention to you as you repeat something and the brain tends to remember patterns. She does this shit all the time.


It's one of the reasons she lost. Don't do it. It's the gravitas problem with dick jaded gravitas. Gravity. What's the word? Catches on. Everybody repeats it 'cause they think it sounds good. Kids do this. Kids do this. What's the word kids use all the time? It drives you crazy. You've heard it, right? You have, you have teenagers. Literally everything's literally, that's why I hate that word. Everything's literally when they mean figuratively. Everything. If everything's literal, it's not literal, it's figurative. Literally. What's this damn word with Joe Biden? Damnit. It's gonna drive me crazy. I don't know. It may creep up in this thing.


I don't know what you got. You may have an inadvertent point. We campaign with the plan, uppercase t, uppercase P the plan. And then the environment is such that we're expected to defend the plan. Hello to all my divine nine brothers and sisters and my soro. Let's just get through the next 64 days. How about that? And you all helped us win in 2020. And we gonna do it again in 2024. We need an assault weapons ban. It's reasonable to say we need universal background checks that we need red flag laws. You better thank a union member for sick leave.


You better. Thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. I just remembered the Joe Biden word solicit solicitous. Joe Biden says solicitous all the time. Solicitous. That's his SAT word. Don't fall for the SAT word problem folks. This is another critical problem. Inauthenticity and not being Genucel. Those, those are the many faces of Kamala Harris. You have rarely seen a political chameleon in your life like Kamala Harris. She seemed to wanna be everything to everyone to the point where she felt like she needed to talk to groups differently. But here's the thing, it's not only patronizing and condescending, but it's just wrong because people, whoever that group is, wherever they're from, whatever their race, color, creed, religion, it doesn't matter.


They don't wanna be spoken to as if they're different than anyone else. And they require some different accent to be. It's, it's patronizing to them. They get pissed off. They don't, it doesn't work. You think you're down, you're doing the jenny from the block routine. You're not, you sound like a moron. Donald Trump talks the same way every single time and actually increase this voting percentage amongst some of these sensitive, these sensitive groups of the Republican party. We've been getting crushed demographically for a long time because he never spoke differently to anyone. Ever do another. This is another don't do. This turns into snapshots and particularly sound bites that reflect particularly poorly upon your campaign.


Everybody remembers Al Gore trying to fake it in front of the black church. Hillary Clinton with the, Hey, I, you know, I, I carry hot sauce. I, Hillary Clinton's ever seen hot sauce in her life. She's totally full of shit. She's, this is all pandering. People see through it. They are not stupid. Don't do it. It's a big no-no campaign managers. If your, if your client's doing this, shut that down. Let's see what you got. Got the other half of the alright. We can't afford, Oh tampon, Tim, we can't afford four More years of this. It, it never fits quite right. No, this was my family. I'm a knucklehead at times.


Yes, you are not quite right. Definitely a knucklehead at times. They're his own. This is his own show. He came load And Senator Vance, he became a media darling. He wrote a book about the place he grew up, but the premise was, was trashing that place where he grew up rather than lifting it up. This is a Beretta a 400, I think we can affirm it. His A venture capitalist cosplaying, like he's a cowboy or something. I don't even know what a venture capitalist does most of the time. I brought, I bought it when I was shooting. A lot Of It was, can you explain the discrepancy? Just all I said on this was, is I got there that summer and misspoke on this. So I I will just, that's what I've said.


Trap it. A you guys can't get enough of this with the guy. Can you so I that he can unload Hong Kong and China during the democracy protest went in. And from that I learned a lot of what needed to be in, in governance. So when you get old, How many times do you guys, it's supposed to be A video. I'm a knucklehead at time. Oh, Here we go. You guys can't get enough of this shit, can you? If you are listening on Apple and Spotify, please watch the Rumble where they must have played the clip of Tim Walls not knowing how to loan his own shotgun at least five or six times. That was one clip. Sp it's Oh, I know, I know it's one. It's him going on and on, not being able, but they can't get enough of that clip.


Okay, can I give you some life advice here? This is an important show. Okay, there you King of the Turpon, the Mount Olympus of Greek Gods tampon, timus using the lightning tampon as a weapon of mass destruction politically, unfortunately for his own campaign. I'm gonna give you a piece of life advice. You don't have to take it. You can say what the hell you know about life. Your life's more screwed up than anyone. I gotta say, you'd be right. What is two thumbs and screws up Earth? This guy, however, I'm gonna throw this out here 'cause I know it's true. You may call me crazy. I don't believe in self, you know, in self destroying yourself like publicly and making yourself look silly.


Some people are like, oh, it's cute. You know, self-effacing humor and all that other stuff. No, no, no, I don't buy it. I'm sorry. Call me crazy. I've been married 20 years and all this other stuff. I'm not telling you that everything is like peaches and cream all the time. That's not what I'm saying at all. But I don't do embarrassing stuff and I don't make myself look stupid in front of my wife and my kids. I just don't. It's my thing. I'm sorry. Someone asked me for Halloween ones, can you dress up like this thing? And I thought it looked stupid. I said no. Oh, have some fun with it. No, no, I don't wanna have fun. You don't have to agree with me. That's cool. It's my life. That's how I run it. Don't do anything that makes you look stupid. Don't ever say in public you're a knucklehead. Don't ever claim you're a moron in public because people will believe you. Okay?


Well, you're either a liar or you're telling the truth. If you're a liar, you're a liar. If you're telling the truth, then you're a knucklehead. Nobody wants a knucklehead, right? Also, don't do things that make you look dumb. Don't go out in a bubble boy suit. Don't throw a tank helmet on. Pretended to be a tank commander like Michael Dukakis. And don't go out pretending, pretending to go out on a hunt when you can't even load your own freaking rifle. You look like an idiot. Don't do it. This is not just a lesson for politics, it's one of Dan Bono's lessons for life. You don't have to take it, it's fine. I'm just telling you I don't do things that make me look stupid. Now I'm not saying once in while you're not getting thrown into a situation where you look really stupid. Just don't do it on purpose. Just throwing that out there.


You do what you want with it.


Hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. That's why I'm excited to talk about Beams. Dream powder science backed hot cocoa for sleep. They sent me some a while back. I love it. I'm sleeping a lot better. I'm sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws my way. And it throws a lot. And with delicious flavors like seas, salt, caramel, brownie batter, and vanilla chai better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But dream contain. Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of look this stuff up, rei, magnesium, lthe Apogen and the melatonin help you fall asleep. Stay asleep and wake up refresh. You wanna try Beam's bestselling dream powder, give it a shot. Get up to 45% off for a limited time. This exclusive Bonino listener discount is only available when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thank you Beam. We appreciate it.


Alright, now you're giving away the art of sealing the deal. The critical moments that I didn't even, you guys are put little chime runs. These guys are all fancy. Now what is going on? Hold on. Blackout. This is actually blackout in case you think I'm making it up. You see that? Can you see in there? Can see, you can see that it's, it's not like disgusting brown water from, you know, this is like actual blackout here. It's the cinnamon French toast. It's black too. Like there's no which, wait, wait, it's still talking about black. Okay, this is, yeah, I mean this is the, this not the, do we have it like a grading system? I mean, this has, I mean, politic West, west, west, west, west, west.


You know, I didn't expect that clip to hit me that way. I've seen it pr probably like you probably what, a thousand times folks. That was a special moment for all the wrong reasons. But I, I had, I had known Donald Trump for a while. I, again, I don't wanna exaggerate my friendship with him. Please. You sound like an asshole when you say that. Trying to pretend you know people when you don't. But I, I have a relationship with him. We are not, we don't drink coffee together. But I've known him for a while and I've seen him outside of the public eye. And he's a really special person. He's really obsessed with making you feel important. That's a unique skill. Very few people have. He's a good decent guy.


He's not a guy without flaws. None of us are. Some of them may be significant, but he's a really good and decent guy. I gotta tell you something that Donald Trump, I've known and a lot of people know, a lot of you have met him. I'm not the only one. A lot of you may know him like I have. You may have had a couple conversations with him. That clip that day changed everything. I think a lot of people, even like the Marx Zuckerbergs of the world that the pretty devouted leftist in charge of Facebook was like, that was pretty badass. Yeah, It was. Folks, I'm gonna tell you something. Having been on the other side of that, doing the protection side, you hear a gunshot ring out like I did, at least when I was a cop. Not as an agent, but you go into like fog of war mode instantly, and it takes a few seconds to clear your brain.


This guy's first impulse was to get up and to scream, fight, fight, fight. I mean, that takes a set of freaking coconuts. Like I've never seen, if there was a game changing moment in modern political history, forget about this election then that, that was probably it. That was a good one. I'm glad you guys put that in there, even though we've seen it, folks, don't you agree? We, you can't, you can't see that one enough. Alright, see what we got next? We gotta hit that Timer. Bring that one up. I'm gonna take care of This. Okay? Now on the political tactics front, this again, genius. Look at this guy. You believe this guy flipping the fries right there, right there. Is it in a suit?


In a suit? This is Trump. Of course, if you listen on Spotify, apple in the Mickey D's, he's like the best fly fry flipping I've ever seen. And then you wanna do this song over here? Yeah, I only laugh Because I'm gonna tell you something. There are a few politicians who, this, this actually, I, I promise I did not know the cliffs. Again, I'm not making this up. This segues so beautifully from the Tim Wall segment where don't make yourself look stupid in public. Being able to avoid looking stupid in public and having the geni quois, right, charisma.


Nobody knows what it is. But, but you know what I'm saying. You do. You know, when you, if I'm going on, don't stop me. You ever see like a guy or a woman walks in the room, you've never met this person at all. It's a crowded room and everybody turns their attention. And I'm not talking about the beauty alone, I'm just talking about the shoulders are back. The chest is out. Everybody seems to be staring at this person. You get an air of power from this per y that's Trump. So, whereas Tim Walls can't even shoot his own gum a gun. Donald Trump can walk into a McDonald's in a suit, put an apron on flipping fries, and look more manly than Tim Walls in his hunting garb out there trying to fake hunt with a gun.


He doesn't know how to use. He claims it's his own. You see the difference? If you flip that around Tim Walls looks like an idiot, McDonald's. And you put Donald Trump out there hunting, Donald Trump doesn't know how to work the gun. He'll be like, what kind of bullshit gun is this? Gimme this. You get what I'm saying? Okay, okay. I don't wanna, I know you guys get some other good stuff you does that make sense? That's the je seis. It's called the je seis because nobody knows why they have it. The people who have it just have it. I wish I could bottle it. I'd be stupid rich, How do you like my garbage truck? Oh, of course. This truck is in honor of Kamala and Joe Biden. And I have to begin by saying 250 million Americans are not garbage.


I did not plan This at all. This I did not. Perfect. This is Trump in the garbage truck after Joe Biden called MAGA supporters. Of course garbage. Many of you remember that. This is Trump decides to go out there and we recommended, I'm not saying they heard it from us, a thousand people were saying, but what did we say? Like, if Donald Trump doesn't get out there in a sanitation truck tomorrow, I, I didn't even think of the vest by the way, and go out there in the truck. This is a missed political opportunity. Like you've never seen the sanitation vest is the perfect example. What does he say coming out? Do you remember that part again? Because we didn't plan this. He's like, Hey, before I was coming out, they told me to put on the sanitation vest and I didn't really think It was a good idea.


I thought I'd look silly, but you know what? And you know, here's what he's saying in his head language alert. He's saying, fuck that motherfucker. I'm Donald Trump. I'll put on whatever the hell I want. Okay, I'll make it happen. That's how he is. That's how he is. That's how he, he just has freaking basketballs down there. He just does. And that's why he can make that work. Whereas if Kamala Harris or someone else came out in a sanitation vest, they would look like idiots every single time. Perfect segue there. Totally, completely unintentional. A Biden blunder bonanza. Hard to pick a few, but these were our favorites. All right, let's see what your favorites. Look And do care. Making sure that we continue to strength in our healthcare system.


Making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the covid, excuse me, with dealing with everything we have to do with Is this. I don't know what he just said. If we finally beat Medicare, this is The thank President by President Trump. He is right. He did beat Medicare, he beat it to death and he's destroying Medicare. I remember, remember guys, we were doing that live and that was one of the moments. We all looked at each other on the debates when we were doing the live debate coverage. 'cause we were trying to shut up and not say too much.


We were just trying to let the debate play out. So we'd interrupt. But that was one of the moments. We all looked at each other and we were like, this guy's campaign is over. We had, we called it go back and listen in a sense, you know, proven bonafide as you can listen to yourself. We called it, we told you this guy was not gonna be the nominee. I think It was that moment. And when Trump said to him, when he said, listen man, I don't even know what this guy just said. That Was it. That was the official end of Joe Biden's campaign because probably 30 plus million people were watching that. Probably another 50 million on clips. Who realized that everything we had said about this guy's cognitive function and brain not working was absolutely correct. He just couldn't put together a string together. A series of senses. You saw it yourself.


Yeah, that was a good one. I actually forgot about that moment in the debate. Let's see what else you got. Oh, Confused on stage. If you one direction, the other direction looks back. So again, if you're listening on Spotify or Apple Biden's on stage, he goes one way goes the other way. Salutes someone who's there or may not be there. We don't even know what he's, maybe he sees Phantasms. Maybe it's like the Amityville horror thing. Nobody knows. He walks off. Now why is this clip important? This is something I don't have a lot of experience in a lot of things, but I definitely know how logistics of a presidential visit work.


I've told you guys well over 500 times that in events like this the president is given a TikTok and basically footsteps. In other words, here is exactly what you're gonna do. When I say exactly, I mean exactly you. It'll say POTUS walks on stage from stage, right? Stage left doesn't matter. You follow footsteps on stage, you exit stage, left work rope line you. And not only that, there's someone guiding him. If you are the president of the United States and you don't know where to go after your speech is over and you were told this 15 minutes prior with notes in front of you, then folks, this guy's cognitive disorder is probably so farther along advanced than we can possibly imagine.


This guy's in real trouble. I've been there. You never see stuff like this. I challenge you. Go look at Donald Trump, George W. Bush, Barack Obama, bill Clinton. Make it a bipartisan thing. Go back and sit there and scroll on a video platform all day and see how many times they were confused getting off stage. I guarantee you, you're barely gonna find one. Barely. Because it's impossible. You have to be mentally not there. I love those clips. I mean, I don't love 'em, but I love them because I haven't been there. I know how bad that really is. The staff and the Secret Service are probably like shit. We just told them five minutes ago, like, what the hell does it like this? They got like the airplane things in there this way.


Ptsd. They do. That's a Greg Gee. That's funny. Gee's. Never funny. That's funny. They do. They have like a, a behavioral learning negative like PTSD response whenever hail that the chief comes on because they know they're gonna have to this way, bro. This way every that stress level goes up automatically now whenever they hear the music, they're gonna be sitting at home after the detail and the wife will have Fox News on. It's after say a midnight, they're sleeping at one o'clock and, and the guy's gonna jump up and Oh my God, where's Biden? Biden, Biden Biden's been outta office four years. Let's see, what else my Autograph. Hell no. Oh, this is great though. My, come on.


This is great. I ain't going that far. Yeah. Yes, he is going that far. There you go. You know, I'm, I gotta tell you, I'm, I'm a little torn on, I'm a little torn on this one. Can I let you guys in a little secret? I shouldn't say this, but I'm gonna, he's like the don't No, I shouldn't, but I will. When this happened, Biden's so out of it, folks. I really don't think there was any agenda here at all. I I don't, he's so out of it.


I'm, I'm not even sure he knew what he was doing. I I, I I'm, maybe he knew It was a Trump hat. Maybe he didn't. I don't know. But Biden's, You want my autograph? I'll tell you why I'm torn on this. Ugh. I'm gonna get into it. I'm gonna get in a rabbit hole. I disliked this guy so much because he's so corrupt in what he did with his family and all this other stuff makes me so sick to my stomach and all the endless lying and comparing us to Nazis. I mean, I have a visceral emotional reaction to Joe Biden, but I, again, I I can't be a hypocrite and say, don't get emotional about politics. Stay transactional and then get emotional about it. Even if it's Joe Biden.


I didn't wanna say anything at the time because I really can't stand this guy, but I didn't find that clip to be. I I really think he just didn't know what he was doing and he was trying to be like a funny, friendly guy and I don't know, I shouldn't have said it. I mean, you get to, I don't want you to think I'm ever being fake with you. I'm not. I just, I dislike this guy so much. I may have attributed to him is what I'm getting at. Really malicious motives 'cause he's genuinely awful guy that in that moment may not have, does that exist? Does that make sense? No. Whatever. Sometimes, you know, I get into stuff and it's, you know how I am. My head goes crazy.


Hey, nothing delivers comfort. Joy. Quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks guaranteed perfection in every single bite. And right now you can save on unforgettable gifts with 50% off Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com plus score an extra $30 off with a promo code Bonino with five generations of experience at consistently deliver the world's best steak experience. And the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks make it really easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring gourmet favorites that are delicious. Paul and I have stocked up on Omaha Steaks 'cause we're doing a lot of entertaining over the holiday season. We don't typically do it, but this year we moved outta the house. We want everybody to come over. Housewarming parties, parties, all that stuff. You're gonna be eating Omaha Steaks if you're there. It's gonna be a lot of food consumed. And we're ready from the legendary steaks to their perfectly sized dessert, save 50% off Sitewide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino. It's 50% off at om aha Omaha Steaks dot com. Omaha Steaks dot com And an extra $30 off with promo code. BONINO minimum purchase may apply.


And our last sponsor today, MyPillow, they're having a Christmas extravaganza. It's here. Get the season's flannel sheets, which are comfortable for as low as 59 point 98. They won't last long. Get 'em all you can to famous. My slippers haven't been on sale for over a year. Regularly. 1 19 98 and now only 59 98 6 piece towel set back in stock with extremely limited quantities. Only 29 98 with hundreds of MyPillow products. There's something for everyone on your Christmas list. Bathrobes, duvets quilts, down comforters and so much more. Don't forget the classic collection pillows at wholesale pricing for a standard pillow only 1488 queen size 1888. Upgrade to a king for a dollar more body pillows for 29 98 or multi-use pillows for 9 88. Go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan. The same on all the MyPillow products. For example, flannel sheets for as low as 59 98 6 piece towel sets. 29 98. That's on all. They're extending their 60 day money back guarantee until March 1st, 2025. All orders over $75 or more. Ship absolutely free. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan. Thanks MyPillow, check them out.


Alright, now we have the lib low lights, which is good because there are never highlights. We don't have a lib highlights section because there are none. Let's be real. They're all low lights. But these guys say they're funny though. I'll be the judge of that. It is called The Dan Bongino Show. Let's see what you Got. Young black kids growing up in the Bronx who don't even know what the word computer is. They, they don't know. They don't know these things. And I want the world open up to all of them. Okay, I have a deal for you. If we get a seat in the new Trump White House press room, you know they're talking about breaking up the press room and giving seats to, you know, media channels that actually people listen to like us and Charlie Kirk and others. If we get that and I hire a correspondent, one of my first requests when they're not in the press room, say maybe for a weekend gig one day is gonna be to go to the Bronx and ask young kids who are black with a computer is, I can guarantee you Governor of New York, KA Holle.


Guys. What do you say in the percentage? Let me throw this out there. I'm gonna say a sample size. Maybe we ask 50 young black men. Let's say 13 or under, let's say 10 or under, just to be fair to Kath Holle, who thinks young black kids are idiots? Let's say 10 or under. I'm gonna say 100%. For the liberals who are bad at math, that's 50 outta 50. I'm gonna say 50 outta 50. Not only know what a computer is, but can operate a computer and can describe a computer. Guys, are you going with a hundred percent or maybe a little less? Where do I put my money in? Justin wants to go to calcium or one of those betting sites and he wants to put a hundred thousand dollars. He doesn't have on 100% of black kids, 10 and younger know exactly what a computer's and honestly are probably better at using it than ka holle.


But of course Kath ho's a liberal. So will anybody call her a racist? Nah, they'll celebrate it. Make apologies for because that's what they do. Because liberalism and racism, they go hand in glove. That was a good one. I've forgotten about that one too. That was one of the gems of the year. You guys put this together yourself. Very good. Lemme see what else you got. Well, first I think we have to acknowledge that Donald Trump knows our country better than Oh yeah, we do. Oh, and then she goes to shit on The country again. Right? I think she figured out that anger and frankly fear were way more powerful than appealing to people's better angels. That anger and fear were gonna work in this election.


Whether you're afraid of immigrants or afraid of people who are trans, he, he figured that out. I think we're going to have to understand what type of leadership do they Want. Oh, nice. We Were, we were pledging to be inclusive. We were pledging to bring people in. Donald Trump has said that that isn't what he wants. And so if that's what America's leaning towards, I guess for me it's to understand and learn more about America. 'cause I thought that they were going to probably move towards a more positive. I see what You guys did here. Tell me if I'm right. Tell me if I'm right. Right. Well, you guys are the, the, the, the theme of what you're doing here is liberals pretending to acknowledge that they were wrong about who America really is.


And then turning around and shitting on America and admitting they have no idea who Amer is that. Am I right? No idea America really is. Am I correct or am I correct? Tim Walls and Claire McCaskill, air Claire, former senator from Missouri before she got defeated soundly by Josh Hawley claiming, oh my gosh, you know, maybe we have to reevaluate. We have to look in the mirror maybe All the stuff we've been doing is crazy. We gotta stop. We gotta stop. Oh, and by the way, you race this bigoted, fascist Nazis who don't want to be inclusive. You can plant a big wet one on my ass. Keep it up. Keep it up kids. We got midterms coming up. I cannot wait to see what you've got in your pockets and next if that's gonna be your attitude. I absolutely love it. That was good. I like how you put 'em back to back. I didn't know this was gonna be like mashups within a mashup show.


Very nicely done. Let's see what you got next. Everything we do is under fire. Elon Musk sits on Twitter every day or ex today. Oh, van der Hyde. Saying like, we are the media. You are the media. Oh yeah. My message to Elon Musk is bull you're not the media. Yes, thank you. You having, Thank you. You having a blue check mark, a Twitter handle in 300 words of cleverness doesn't make you a reporter. You don't do that by popping off on Twitter. You don't do that by having an opinion. You do it by doing the hard work.


Oh my gosh, that was, that was a personal request. Thank you guys seriously for including it. Folks that may not be the funniest or the silliest or the most sarcastic or the one worthy of me throwing, you know, throwing a, a rotten eggs at. But it is telling that's Jim Vander High, who's one of the bosses over at Axios, which is a left wing news outlet. I want you to keep in mind there. This is just an extinction burst by him. An extinction burst in psychology is when you engage in a behavior, you used to a response from him. You put a dollar, you get a coke and then put a dollar machine, a coke doesn't come out. So you beat up the machine. That's what Vander he's doing. He's engaged in an extinction burst. He's beating up the machine. Okay? He's kicking the machine because he doesn't understand or he's incapable of understanding how the propaganda they've been using for 50 years is no longer working.


And he's upset that people like us beat them at their own game. That's all this is. This is an emotional outburst that really became a rallying cry to the left. They were, they thought this was great. Make no mistake them celebrating them being wrong in just about every media story of the decade and yelling about it. But on the right It was a laughing stock. And all of us know exactly what's going on and I know who's right because we have an audience and they don't, at least relatively speaking. Let's see what else you got. Yeah, next segment. Everyone's favorite patio host like radio po Host. Oh, po Oh, is that a thing? Did you like make a word up?


Is that in the dictionary or? I think you should. I think everyone should go put an urban dictionary. Can we make submissions? Because I actually like that patio. If you are a radio and a po, a radio podcast host a patio. Some of memorable moments from Mr. Barne. That's me. Okay, well let's see what you got. Fanatics on the right go. Oh no, But the Democrats were very tactical folks. They're not stupid. They understand that it doesn't matter if these illegals vote or not. It it does. I mean it's terrible. Obviously if they do, they broke the law. Alright? All Democrats do not want illegal aliens to vote. Now the far left does, but he didn't define it that way.


He said the Democrats, you know, no. Okay, so let me say again. Fuck you, bill O'Reilly, you lion sack of shit. You're a chump and you're obviously a pussy too. Oh man, I hate Bill O'Reilly. I always have. He's a douche bag. I used to do his show once in a while at Fox and you would sit there at this little desk and because he was such a dick and everybody hated him. No, everybody hated him. This was just, well, just about maybe there were a few people, like, did you notice when Bill O'Reilly got into that shed, I'm not gonna even talk about it because it's pretty gross when he did. You notice nobody defended him. That's true. You got something to say to me. You're six foot tall plus piece of shit.


Say it to my face. Oh my gosh. Fucking chump. Wow. Piece of shit. Who? Man, you're listening to this guy. You're being played. Wow. I I man, I, okay, number one, everything I said in there is accurate. Did you He, he did. He started a fight, he said, and what bothered me most about that clip, so you understand the background, you know, people talk smack about me all the time, whatever. Right? The reason I got under my skin is this guy was always reaching out about coming on my show and selling his book. And I've tried to make my radio show. I do people's books once in a while and obviously, you know, friends come on, they have good material.


But I'm trying not to make it a book show because then this show gets annoying. People wanna hear about other things. So I always made room for this guy. And I'm telling you, he would reach out all the time about his books and we always had 'em on. I was never, and matter of fact, on Fox, when he asked me to come on, we never said no. We always did his show. And man for this guy to not even gimme a heads up and say, Hey, can you clarify what you meant by this to just randomly try to invoke my name for a clickbait? Oh man, was I furious? And I'm gonna tell you again, everything I said in that clip is true. That guy was hated, hated. Nobody liked that guy. Nobody.


Maybe, well I shouldn't say that. A few people were were kind of milk toast about him. And I met, but not a good guy at all. And he deserved all of that. You know, sometimes people will be like, ah, you know, do you regret going after him like that? No, no folks, you're gonna punch me, man. I'm sorry. This is a double leg takedown coming and we're jumping on top full mount. I sorry. It just doesn't work that way. Don't don't, don't poke the, forget about the bear. Don't poke the tiger. That was a, I forgot it man. I really filet that dude that. Oh my gosh, you ain't kidding. I see what else you got In Springfield? They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats.


They're eating the pets of the people that live there eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. They're eating the pets Of the people that Live there. People love Springfield. Don't eat my, why would you do so people lovefield my dog cat to my, They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats.


They're eating the pets Of the people that Live there. They're eating the dogs, They're eating the cats. They're eating the pets of the people that live there. They're eating the dog. I actually, I I, I'm not, I I'm not a dad. I can't dance. I'm not a dad. I liked it. It doesn't mean I, I don't like it. I do things I can't do all the time. But I actually, that's a great song that, what's that guy's name? Charles Downs or something. Is that his, that guy that, that's actually a really good song. And by the way, one quick thing 'cause this is a political show, you know, It was funny but whatever.


I remember when we were told that us highlighting the eating of the dogs and the cats was gonna be the end of the campaign. Oh my gosh, Ohio, everybody's gonna turn on you. You guys look horrible. Yeah, it worked out well for 'em. Don't ever listen to media bullshit. Whatever they say, spin it 180, spin it 180. And I can guarantee you the opposite is true. Which It was. We won Ohio in a mega, a mega landslide. So don't believe any of their bullshit. That that was a good one. Alright, what else you got? I got some random screenshots. Random screenshots. Okay. I didn't see this covered. Oh, is that ese? No. You notice how I have 'em in like a karate position there. You see, like I'm, I've, I've got like the unbendable arm going my left arm in the karate position as I, and I think it's because I, lemme Show you.


Hold on. No, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah. Michael's like going into Jiujitsu now wait, put the screenshot back up. So me and Michael talk to jujitsu all the time. GI and them were like Mike and Justin like what the hell are you guys are always talking about? The thing about the Esei thing is I'm so sensitive about the Esei 'cause I only got one big Esei head. I got a lot of small esei heads. I don't want the ese head to ever like get dented. 'cause this is really an in integral part of the show. I think that's why I had like the, they teach you in secret service, the unbendable arm when you walk into, that's why I had the unbendable arm going because I'm very defensive about the Zi head. Yeah, they only got me one ese head. I have a lot of small ones, but not the big, and you know, zis got a big head so we don't wanna mess up the big head Zi.


You see that Underhook, Michael's always thinking jets. You gotta get them Underhooks all the time. What else you got? Oh my gosh. Is this, should I tell 'em the story behind this with Paula? So gee, oh here we go. Here's gee, here's the story with this. So, because we're always talking about, you know, people having figuratively big balls. 'cause you know, I hate to word literal. I mean you may, but that's a problem you may have to seek out if you have elephant issues like Johnny Dangerously. But I said gh go out and get like some watermelons and some grapefruits and stuff like that. So gee went out and got some grapefruits, which just punched me right in the face with, and we put them on the show and I love them.


I think they're the greatest thing. But you see the little morere effect by the way here going on. You see that with the, this is this yellow, it must be doing something. The camera. This, this is not an electric watermelon, folks. I promise you what you're seeing on camera is not real. This is just the yellow stripe. It looks like it's like glowing or something. Paula absolutely hated it. And usually I, I sometimes I overrule, which is most of the time. But in this case she was like, I hate the grapefruits and the watermelon. So we're never gonna do it again. But I'm glad you put the screenshot up 'cause there's always a story and you guys are entitled to know the dets here. Save those though. Don't throw 'em out. 'cause we may need 'em in a new studio. I know it may cause 'em big. I may be divorced after this. I know she did hide 'em. Paula wanted to pop 'em and throw 'em in the garbage, but I had a, I had a backup pair just in case.


Ha. They can take that a lot of different ways. Alright, let's see what else you got. Oh my gosh, eight, eight day now It was, wait, this was eight, eight day we got a repeat of fe gaze. This is me actually hugging for ga. The light in the studio is reflecting on the right cheek a little differently though he looks a little strange. He looks extra white on the right side of his face. But It was eight, eight day, which of course Fazi thinks Donald Trump lowered the flags to half masks when he meant half staff to acknowledge Hile Hitler. He actually said that which was insane. So I guess kind of convenient that he's got an extra white face going on that day due to the lighting in the studio. But I am hugging for Gze right there showing our love for the great Frank Faze.


I wonder if Kamala Harris would've won if he would've been like the FBI director or something. What do you think the possibility? Alright, let's take one more. What else? You got two more? Two more. Okay. Oh my gosh. Rockham. So was my Rockham Soum robots. Thank you to my accountant Josh. Good man. He sent me, turns out the Rockham Soum robot said, was I not right with the Rockham Soum robot strategy that this is the way to overwhelm 'em. I told you they were gonna take a scalp. They did. I wish they hadn't. But now we're seeing as Pete Hegseth and Tulsi Gab, RFK move along. Now we're seeing Rockham. Soum robots was there. I was, I actually, I wanted on the record beat gee rather handily decide not despite not having played Rockham Soum robots in over 30 years.


I still won the game because I'm just got mad skills like that. So that was a good one. All right, let's see what you got for the last one here. Wow, that was the for, do you remember what this was for? I don't even remember. This was the six middle finger salute. Never before seen on The Dan Bongino Show with the sneakers. Look at this man. You can't even like see the actual middle finger I was given with the toe. But that was the six middle finger salute that. Gosh. Does anybody remember anyone in the chat? Give us a No, I wanna, I'm gonna look, I wanna see what that was. If you remember what that's gotta be. A P one or P one things. I don't remember, but I, that was the only time I think we ever did a six July 10th.


So someone go back and figure out what that was about. But I must have been really annoyed at that one. But either way, we were probably right because we predicted just about everything on the show to shoot. So we're pretty good. The sex topple barrel middle finger. That was good guys, that was a good show. Hey man, I hope you enjoyed the show on this Friday. We're gonna party a little bit tonight. I'll have a weekend update for you on Monday. I appreciate everything and I promise after Monday, for those of you wanting me to turn in my man card, I'm only 50 once. I'm just a dude. It'll be the last time we ever address it. Maybe I can earn my man card back from you, but your opinion matters too. Thanks for tuning in folks. See you back here on Monday. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.