
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host Dan Bonino. Yo, What the hell happened last night? Ladies and gentlemen. Sometimes I'll send a tweet out, right? We still calling tweets. I'm like so confused. Ex twi, whatever. I sent out a tweet last night and it was, I didn't even really say too much. I'm watching the beginning of whatever that was supposed to be, a press conference with bribe and whatever it is. And I sent out this tweet language alert, sorry, like what the fuck is happening? The first 10 minutes of that, the guy introduces his vice president is Donald Trump.


He's all over the place. He's in, there's word salads and I'm like, I'm, I'm scared. I'm scurred. I'm screed. Why was I scared? Because I don't want this guy out of the race. I'm like, I'm looking at Paula. We're like, what the fuck is happening? What is happening? It's all falling apart. And then I don't know what it is. The caffeine kicks in or who knows? And he winds up going on this 30 minute filibuster. No, he didn't answer a question coherently, but he winds up speaking in Biden semi coherent sentences and 'cause the bar is so low, everybody's like, yes.


And what was I saying? Justin? Let's go Brandon baby. I was like, do it bro. Get it done. And he did it. There it is on the screen. And he rescued it and I was so happy. Yeah, he messed up at the end again. but it was like a shit sandwich. The beginning sucked. The end sucked but the middle, it was like a reverse shit sandwich where the bread, and then there's like a thing in the middle. He finally in the middle, he kind of saved himself. Last night was the best of both worlds.


The suck was horrible. But because it wasn't enough suck to meet the low bar of suck we have in the Biden suck detector. He will survive probably another week or two until a superseding amount of suck happens. That ser, that supersedes in a negative direction, a low level of suck that we saw last night. Oh man, what the f What happened last night? By the way, I knew this was good for us last night when Biden passed the poll test. What is the poll test? Anyone in the studio know? They're like, we don't know. It's 'cause I've never told you before. They're like, you're ever gonna get to the re Eventually I will.


By the way, I'm gonna do the beginning of my radio show today 'cause I can't let the radio audience miss this. My review of last night,


folks, you having trouble or sleeping or staying asleep? I was last night. I was so geeked up after this press conference. Listen, I've been there. It's not about just feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take in every aspect of your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of beams. Dream powder stuff's been a game changer for me. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. It's a science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps than ever taste. The better other sleep aids can cause. The next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apogen and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refreshed. Wanna try Beam's? Bestselling dream powder Beam is now offering Bonino listers and exclusive discount. Get up to 45%. Offer a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout that shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code Bino for up to 45% off.


Let's get this freaking punch startup. By the way, are you ready for the two shots? So I come in this morning like why are you wearing a white T-shirt and all this stuff? I'm headed to the Morgan Wallen concert tonight in Tampa. My Nate Smith's opening, by the way, who's just the best? Nate Smith. You ever hear a song Bulletproof? It's amazing. So I walk in and gee, who by the way has no filter whatsoever. He has, right? Justin, that guy on your shoulder that tells you don't say anything. Geek killed that guy. He murdered him in cold blood a long time ago. He's like, you look like my dad. I'm like, what do you mean? Oh, I have like a pair of like dark cargo shorts. It's gonna be 95 freaking degrees or something in Tampa. Like, look like Justin wants me to put a fishing hat on.


So I'm going out on like the pond or something going fishing. It's hot. Gonna be 90. I jump about a plane. Ah, it be 95 degrees. I might standing out there. I don't mind sweating, man. I like a good sweat. It's supposed to rain tonight too. And if you've never been to a concert in the rain, it's even better. So Biden last night, Ladies and gentlemen, the best of both worlds. No diggity, no doubt why. Again, he was awful enough that he's the, the talk of him being forced out and his approval rating is gonna continue to tank. But candidly, he was nowhere near as bad as the debate and whatever. They gave him a cup of coffee or whatever.


I don't care to speculate, right? Seemed to kick in halfway through where he gave these long-winded filibuster type answers. And I gotta tell you, the strategy was smart. The strategy was smart. I'm serious. They told him whatever question you get to run out the clock, just go on a filibuster, totally unrelated and they'll stop asking questions 'cause they'll run out the time. And it worked. He passed the poll test. What's the Paula test? Of course I'm married to Paula. I'm sitting there on the couch watching a debate with her. I look over and about 20 minutes in. What do I see? Well, it's not so much what I saw. It's what I heard. I heard she was sleeping.


Now when Paula falls asleep, it means Biden did his job, which is to put America to sleep and stop talking about how bad he sucks. See, here's the thing. During the debate, even though it was later than the Biden press conference lasted a lot later. Paula sometimes gets tired at night. Was up the whole time because she was like, I can't believe how bad this is going for him. She was. She was like enmeshed in it. Like this thing was so boring it put her to sleep. So I call this to Paula. Attest. If Paula falls asleep when Biden's talking, he has done his job. So last night he did his job, but he did his job for us too. Chat, chat folks. Bino, get on the case right now.


I'll be watching. Am I right or am I wrong? That last night was great for us. He sucked bad enough to continue to destroy his reputation and the polls, but he didn't suck bad enough to get outta the race. Who thinks I'm right? Just Bino on the case. Please, if you're around today. So let's go through a couple of things. I'm gonna get to some low lights because of course there were no freaking highlights from Yes, last night. It was a total disaster. There wasn't a single answer. Yes, yes. Yeah. Look at what I have created. F yes, yes, absolutely not. I don't think there's a single no in there. You know I'm right. We called it yesterday. Did we not? Couple things before we get to the low lights. You gotta read the news strategically.


You know I'm big on that. This is my job. I have a fake job, not a real job. So I get to read the news. Strategically, something happened. Did you see a lot of people at the Juneteenth celebration at the White House? Remember when Biden was like robotically trying to bop around and everybody was like, look at this weirdo. He's doing the Reverend Kane again. You remember that? The Juneteenth thing? Did you notice just yesterday after the, after the press conference, they said, oh, a bunch of people at the Juneteenth celebration notice something is off with Biden. Go look at the headlines, you'll see 'em. They're there. Really folks, why does that matter? I told you Jim Clyburn and the Democrat black vote are one of the three key elements that'll assist in pushing this guy outta the race.


The fact that after the presser, a number of people who attended the Juneteenth celebration said, Biden's. Not all there folks read between the lines. That is the the very powerful black Democrat community sending a hint that we don't have a lot more time left. Joe. 90. Wow, that may be a record. 783 votes too. That's a lot of us. Thank you Bino. The legend. Bino. One other thing last night's, the the bar for Biden is now so low that folks, I would expect more of this. You have to understand that if he shows up and just basically breathes and doesn't fall off the stage, that the press will declare this or not the press.


'cause they sometimes, some of them want 'em out now too, 'cause they're afraid the Biden team will declare it a victory. So going forward, forget standards anymore. Your, the 12 inches is not 12 inches anymore With Biden, that can mean especially with a hundred, that can mean a few different things. But 12 inches on the bar. Now the You know the the, the ruler now six inches and it'll be one. If he just shows up, it's gonna be okay. One more point. Obama and Pelosi are now according to multiple reports, strategizing behind the scenes on getting this guy out. I told you that was coming. You're gonna hear it through Axelrod. I'm gonna play you a clip in a minute showing you I'm again, you're not wasting your freaking time. Let's get to some clips.


So the shit sandwich, here's how it started out this last night. He opens up the presser. He's not two minutes in. This is when I tweeted out that what the is happening and it went nuclear. I think things got like 3 million something impressions or whatever. It's crazy. He opens up the presser, he introduces Kamala Harris into the sentence, but he says Vice President Trump instead. But that's not the interesting part. Well it is, but it isn't. The interesting part is his Secretary of State, Tony Blinken in the front row, his reaction, which was caught on video. This is real by the way. Check this out. The consideration Is, Oh, what happened?


No, that's not the full one. Come on, play it. You wanna see it? Watch, watch. When he says, watch when he introduces him, play it again. The consideration Is, Alright, you gotta find this video. But bottom line is he freaking loses his marbles again. You'll see it. And for Tony Blinken, these little, like these little micro expressions he makes, you'll notice like he's done with this guy too. Keep in mind this is his inner sanctum. This is a guy right here who absolutely loves it. He's like the John Kirby Kain, John Pierre type. He sacrifice his entire reputation for this guy. Work on that. What? We'll, you got it. I don't know. I think maybe I forget it. You guys kind of killed my point on that one.


Alright, here he goes. Reverend Kane style. This is another thing this guy can't stop doing. This is indicative Ladies and gentlemen of some kind of cognitive disorder. He has this emotional kind of affect problem where he goes randomly from this creepy like kid sniffing whisper. He does. How many times have they told this guy? Stop whispering. You look like a freaking weirdo. Does it matter to him? No, he does it anyway. Then he goes from whispering to this weird yelling where it's like it's, it's not that he's yelling. Honestly, that bothers me. Politicians yell all the time. It's that he yells at the most inappropriate time and it's so inappropriate to what's going on in the emotional rollercoaster of the room.


Watch this. The United States of America. What the hell are we doing? What are we doing? You guys are knocking it outta the park. You missed all that. Like that's the whole, did you guys cut any of this stuff? Right? Okay, we're over for two. All right, here's the next one. Fox News. Put this one together. He did this other thing last night too. He does this anyway, at any rate thing, this you, once you see this, you'll never unsee this when he does anyway or at any rate, he, are you guys playing this? Am I here? Hey everybody, time out.


You're killing my show. Time hour. Okay, you got the anyway thing. Okay. Getting a little annoyed when he does this anyway. And at any who's, who's our is Kraken, he's gonna forget it. Krakens gonna be on the case right now. He's definitely the HR rep. He's gonna be, oh my gosh, better give him a raise after tomorrow when he does his thing, he loses his place and when he loses his place, he has to do this kind of mental tick. So he says, well anyway, at any rate, this was him halfway through. Check this out. Look Folks, this is, well anyway, the next debate. I'm not gonna be traveling into 15 time zones a week before.


Anyway. I'm catching hell from my wife for that anyway. It wasn't about just, anyway, read what his objective is and anyway, but then again, they're better than a lot of other people here too. But anyway, You'll never unsee that folks, when he does that, it's not an accident. He did all of the things he did last night that, excuse me, all of the things he did last night are indicative of the fact that he has a very serious cognitive disorder. He does the, this emo this inappropriate emotion. For those of you, anyone in the chat, sadly, and I'm You know, I'm, this is not funny stuff. Like this is nothing to joke about.


Anyone in the chat have a family member with some kind of cognitive dementia related disorder. Anyone You know that they do this. They go, I'm not gonna say what or who, but there's You know, I have people close to me, sadly who've been through this, and this is what they do. They go from elation and happiness to sadness from not so much whispering but yelling to crying. It's, it's very strange. It's, it's hard to get your arms around because there's no longitudinal connection to the emotion. You know you're watching like some Hallmark movie and it gets, and then you're like, oh, there crescendo people start getting all emotional. That's not Biden. He goes, the Hallmark movie plays in 10 seconds.


And then he does this other thing. The, anyway, any rate, we were all, we called this months ago, it's when he loses his place, he's got this safety mechanism where he's pretending he made a voluntary decision to change the conversation from one thing to another. And then the misplacement of names he called Putin Zelensky Trump, Harris, Harris Trump. The guy can't keep his head on straight. And then this happened too. This is hat tip to Great Maze Moore is a fantastic follow, by the way on X-M-A-Z-E. More at maze more. Check him out. This is two clips. So if you're listening on Apple or Spotify, this is two clips back to back, it's cut.


But they're about 50 seconds or so apart. He first, he says he doesn't wanna meet with Putin. And then he says the exact opposite in the exact same paragraph. Like he forgot what he just said. This guy's a national security nightmare. Check this out. Is, is Putin ready to talk? I'm not ready to talk to Putin. I'm prepared to talk to any leader who wants to talk, including if Putin called me. He wanted to talk Folks, what the hell is happening? What is happening? This guy's the president of the United States. I I, there's a part of me that doesn't even wanna harp too much on what happened last night.


But folks, I'm in a really bad spot, folks in the chat, you understand like you're my crew, right? You're my hardcore P ones, right? You're with me. Do you understand the problem I'm having right now in my head, I'm all, let's go Brandon. 'cause I need this guy to stay in the race because the national security implications of him or any other Democrat winning are severe. But then again, in my head, keeping him in the race even for four more months has national security implications of itself. Actually, it's still January. I don't know what to do. I would just rather run against this guy who gives us our best shot and take a chance.


But I'm not gonna pretend as your humble here podcast host to have easy answers to this You know, do we not cover it so we don't add to the fire and he stays in longer. But then You know, I feel like I'm doing you an injustice. Imagine tuning into show today, and I'm talking about the Yankees game last night. I mean, this is serious stuff. The guy gave a major global press conference on NATO and completely humiliated the United States, but the bar's so low that everybody thought it was a success. It's insane. I don't want you to ever forget, by the way, these serious national, so let's just switch to serious mode here. National security implications of what's going on right now.


You may say, well, why don't we get 'em out now Then Dan, why do you want him to stay in? Because the alternative is worse. Kamala Harris, we are really stuck until January until hopefully, hopefully, please God, I'm not using his name in vain. We have a different president and his initials are DJT. We are in a very dangerous situation. I'm gonna show you what I mean coming up in a minute. It was a guest on Joe, Joe Rogan. It blew everybody away. I've seen this woman before, by the way, all over social media platforms about what nuclear war would look like. She's got this book out that's gone. Nuclear pun intended. You'll see what I mean. Coming up in a second here. A quick break and I'll get back to it.


Hey, it was really hot July 4th for me and my family. We explored the Western US hadn't been back since, since last year. We hiked relaxed. We ate really well. We had our fair share of meat on the grill during the holiday break. Thanks to our friends at Omaha Steaks. But don't worry, even now the holiday weekend is over. You could still take advantage of the hotter than fire sale@omahasteaks.com and get their gourmet packages starting at just $99 and use my code bonino to get an extra $10 off. You know, I always say, Omaha steaks are the best steaks you'll have in your life. And folks, I mean it. Not only is the quality what I look for in my protein, but every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. The burgers are amazing. The food is incredible. The steaks are amazing. I rely on Omaha steaks to stay stocked and stay on track. Use code bonino to get an extra $10 off and experience what I'm talking about You know how strict I am about my diet, whether I'm on the road hiking, homeworking, whatever I'm doing. Use code bonino for an extra $10 off and you'll see what I mean. Minimum order may be required. Please visit omaha steaks.com for details. Great food, check 'em out.


Folks. This is very serious. We are in a real pickle from now till January. We are, and I, I don't want, I, I'll, I I'll say this with the purest of hearts and absolute candor, I would never put the safety and security of the globe at risk for an easy political win. And I know you wouldn't either. I mean, given two choices, nuclear annihilation or political victory, it's pretty easy. However, again, with a pure heart, whether we get rid of Biden and he resigns tomorrow or not, we are still in a perilous national security situation. 'cause the Kamala Harris alternative is a thousand times worse. Or bringing in someone completely new to the position as the nominee is maybe just as bad.


I don't know what to do. Biden, the team. Biden has the world right now in a, in a, in a stranglehold, and no one knows what to do. There are no easy answers right now. Here's what makes it even more dangerous. There was a press conference with Kareem Jean Pierre the other day. This may be one of the single most disturbing answers you will ever hear from someone alleging to be a press secretary. Kare Jean Pierre is asked by Peter Ducey, Hey, press reports indicate that Joe Biden can't function after 4:00 PM So what do you do if he gets an 11:00 PM phone call about some nuclear launch, which the probability granted is low, but it's not zero. Matter of fact, it's not anything close to zero. Listen to this insane answer.


Check this out. Well, he also said he's, he's sharpest before 8:00 PM So say that the Pentagon at some point picks up an incoming nuke. It's 11:00 PM Who do you call the first lady? He has a team that lets him know of any of any news that is pertinent and important to the American people. No folks. Well, yes, he has a team, but no, he doesn't have a team for a nuclear attack that is going to make this decision for him here from congress.gov. Who has command and control of nuclear forces.


Quote, the US president has sole authority to authorize the use of nuclear weapons, Ladies and gentlemen, it's kind of a big freaking deal. The press secretary thinks there's a team making this decision. I mean, I guess technically she's not lying. There's a team of people advising. There's nobody making this decision but him. My point is, if he can't function after 4:00 PM and can't make that decision, I want you to ask yourself a question nobody seemed to ask after this presser. Then who makes it? Listen, I'm not messing with you.


This isn't funny. Biden gets up at 11:00 PM and say, A tactical nuke. A tactical nuke, not a ballistic, but a tactical battlefield. Nuke is launched in Ukraine. Starting effectively a nuclear war over there doesn't mean it's gonna go global. And tactical nukes are different than You know the intercontinental ones, but still, obviously on a a defcon scale, we're up to probably two or one at that point. What if Biden's in one of his delusions and he, and he takes him an hour to then to shake 'em up and get whatever drugs they need into 'em? No. Who's, who's making the call?


Kain. Jean Pierre said he has a team. He's not allowed to delegate that authority to anyone else. So I'm walking you through a really horrible scenario. What if the team realizes this guy's not awake and we can't wake him up. He's having one of his episodes. It's 11 o'clock at night. We shook him out of bed. Who starts fighting amongst each other about who's gonna make the call? Oh, you think this has never happened before? You ever see the, the, the video? What happened after Reagan got shot? Hague and everyone else go look at that. You think the world's got this all down, folks? I was a secret service agent on nine 11. You think the system works seamlessly?


Oh, oh boy. When the statute of limitations wears out on that, I think a lot of people are gonna talk about what a mess it was. You think if that happens, Biden's gonna be the one sitting there going, I got this bullshit. Now, this is really important because it involves the annihilation of the entire globe. If this thing were to escalate quickly, oh, you're exaggerating. Am I? You ever hear Andy Jacobson spin all over if you go to TikTok or X or whatever, her videos are all over the place. She wrote this book about what nuclear war actually looks like. Not what you think it looks like. Not what you saw in some of all fears, not what you saw in the You.


know, the, the book of Eli, what nuclear war actually looks like. And Ladies and gentlemen, however bad you think nuclear war is, I promise you it's a thousand times worse. The hat tip Joe Rogan, this is just a short one minute clip from the Rogan Show. I got this from Western Lensman who picked this up. Another great follow account. But here's Andy Jacobson talking about exactly what it looks like. Folks, you really think the next few months you're comfortable with Biden as the only man whose fingers on the trigger. You think a team is gonna rescue him? They can't, they don't have the legal authority to do it. And they'd be fighting with each other. Watch this. I began to think, what happens if deterrence fails?


That idea of prevention, what happens? And I took that question to the people who advise the president who work at Stratcom, who You know command the nuclear sub forces and learned that it doesn't end well. Not only does it not end well, 5 billion people are dead at the end of 72 minutes. Jesus, Hundreds of thousands of people in nuclear command and control who practice 24 7 365. What would happen if deterrence failed? And we had a nuclear war? They are practicing this Joe.


And it's like, talk about being behind the veil. No one knows it. It's why I think the response to this book, it's been out for three months, has been so extraordinary. And from both sides of the aisle, because people now are beginning to realize if nuclear war begins, it doesn't end until there is a nuclear holocaust. Someone in the chat just said she was on the Sean Ryan show too. He's great, by the way. Fantastic podcast. That, that's where I initially saw her clips. I I didn't, I watched the show, but I didn't see the whole thing. but I saw, that's where I saw her clips. Annie Jacobson's, her name. The book has again, gone crazy because people can't, it's hard to fathom that what she's saying is actually true.


And by the way, you don't even wanna be a survivor after nuclear war folks. Granted, this isn't one of these crazy shows where we're gonna start making shit up to scare you. The likelihood of nuclear war because of mad mutually assure destruction is low. The point is, it's not zero. If you ever read Nasim Taleb's book, you know about Fat Tails and the black and book called The Black Swan. These events that have very low probability but absolutely catastrophic outcomes, you better pay attention to them. Why do people, you know, get extra, extra scared on planes? Meanwhile, you know, you absolutely know the likelihood of a plane accident are far lower than you get in a car wreck.


You get in a car every day, no one thinks anything about that because it's really frightening. And you think, well, the chances of me surviving a car wreck are pretty high. But if I get in a plane crash, it's probably that's the end. It's a low probability event with an absolutely catastrophic outcome. You are comfortable with Biden in charge folks. The guy hasn't had a cabinet meeting in, what, 15 months or something like that? What just came out? I got that. The guy's brain is fried that we did some other weird thing in the oval yesterday. I got a lot more left and and Morning Schmo confirms exactly what I told you. You ain't wasting your time here with the D Bonino show.


I told you Axelrod speaks for Obama. Quick break. We'll be right back.


Policy genius. Hey, a lot of life is unpredictable, but a good life insurance plan gives you family a financial safety net to, to protect against some of the unknowns. Policy Genius is a country's leading online insurance market marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. Listen, don't waste a lot of time. Go right to policy genius. You can find life insurance policies. It started just $292 a year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius helps you easily compare your options from America's top insurers in just a few clicks. Their award-winning agents can even walk you through the process. Step-by-step. Your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection for your family's needs. Even worse, it may not come with you if you leave your job. Policy genius has no incentive to recommend one insurer over the other. That's important so you can trust their guidance. They've been with me a long time. They have thousands of five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot from customers who found the best fit for their needs. Get peace of mind today by finding the right life insurance with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com. policygenius.com


And our last sponsor today is Win You. Wow. Wow. Where'd they pay? It's good to have you guys back. Windshield. Wow. From wow Auto parts appropriately named 'cause I said Wow, the first time I used it. Listen, I live in Florida, it rains a lot and when it rains, your windshields get dirty. Do they not Justin? They do. They do the windshield wows and a genius windshield cleaning devices. That's two and bugs two, which are really horrendous, especially the ones down here. It has two magnetic cleaning paddles. They're really strong. There's one on the outside and one on the inside. Cleans both sides of your windshield. All from the outside. All you do is push the paddle on the outside and the inside follows and cleans it automatically. It's the cleanest of windshield's been on my cars forever. No more struggling to clean the inside the windshield. Wow. Applies to firm cleaning pressure for you. It's super thin. Gets in those tight dash areas. I like my windshields clean. I got one in every one of my cars. Hazen film builds up really quick, especially down here in in Florida windshield. Wow is the fastest way to clean them and get streak free and safe windshields. Go to windshield wow.com to get this ingenious cleaning device. Now you're gonna love it. Go to windshield wow.com windshield wow.com. Use bonino at check out for a special discount. That's windshield wow.com. Check 'em out.


Alright, back to the show. I don't know what this was yesterday. Him and the Oval Office, but again, just compounding. Everyone around the world is seeing this all the time. Look at this. What is he doing? Is he celebrating a field goal? He's like, whoa. Notre Dame wins. He kicked the three pointer, the extra point. I don't know what it, what is he doing? Does anybody know what he's doing? I don't know what he's doing. Nobody knows this guy's doing ever. He's like, yes. Look, we kicked the three. There he is. They Auburn won the game. He's like, war Eagle. What is going on here? Now we find out even the insiders are bailing on him.


This is why last night was so important and a win for everyone. We need this cat in a race. This cat can't leave. I'm forbidding it. The voters should decide and Joe Bribing should feel the wrath of the voters. But we got Kraken. They're back. They're back. Kraken, you have Kraken. He's filing reports right now. He's filing reports. But Kraken doesn't know. The HR rep is Paula. Paulas I, I have a certain amount of influence with the HR rep. Krakens filing. I'm gonna give you an email. Kraken, you can start sending reports in. Right? This is a problem for us though. Good news, bad news. Good news last night wasn't that horrible by very low standards for Joe Biden. Here's the bad news.


Insiders are now talking folks, listen, one thing about team bribing, I'm serious on this one. They have been very good at stopping leaks. Very good. Remember with the Trump administration, these, these clown swampy on the inside, the vin mins and these other goofballs. They were like, Trump drinks Coke, not Pepsi. And it was like a big leak. You didn't see that. You didn't see that outta team bribing. Now look at this NBC news. No one involved in the effort thinks he has a path. Biden insiders say the writing is on the wall. Folks, I'm gonna stick to my original assertion where I've been for two years now. Biden will not be the nominee. It is only a matter of time. Our goal is to extend the timeline and keep him in as long as possible because he is the easiest one to beat.


And cutesy time is freaking over. The negative stories, of course, are not gonna stop the Milwaukee Jour Journal. Sentinel. Hey, I'm assuming Avita. That's a pretty liberal paper. Very liberal. Very liberal. Okay. She Avita knows Milwaukee Well, Milwaukee Radio Station said it agreed to edit the interview with Joe Biden. Folks, the negative stories are not gonna stop with this guy. It's just gonna be an endless litany. So if, if you're thinking after last night, well, Dan, don't defend him too much. 'cause then we're gonna prop up his approval rating. Folks, I'm sorry, but stop the nonsense. That's not going to happen. Biden is an awful candidate who is one fall or stumble. I'm not wishing that on anyone.


I'm not saying that. I'm just telling you he is one fall or big verbal faux pa away from screwing it up. And by the way, we've got a relief picture in the bullpen. Who? Mariano Rivera. No, I wish I did. I love Mariano. Enter salmon. We've got a, you know what it is? you know what our fail safe is? Say Biden. They, I don't know. They give him a couple cups of coffee or whatever. John, send them some blackouts. Keep 'em. Keep him going. John, blackout right to the White House. Give him the cinnamon French. Tell us we need that. We need a mother. Okay, our ace in the hole is, there's another debate in September. If he makes it to September, which is possible, if he makes it to September, you really believe he's gonna perform better, you know, a couple months from now then he did in the last debate.


It's yes, Vita says it's gonna be, of course it's gonna be worse. So folks don't sweat it. There is no saving. This guy. Your goal and your only goal horse blinkers man, is to keep this cat in the race as long as possible. Hashtag hashtag divide. Let's go Brandon. Let's go Brandon. Yes, yes, there it is. Let's, let's go. Brandon. Kids dark. Brandon put the little laser eye beams like he's Superman. Hey, his CNN is reporting something that I actually was kind of unaware of. I had not heard this story before. I got a lot of good little birdies, but this one I haven't heard. I gotta be straight with you. Apparently he's not had a cabinet meeting in a really long time.


I guess what he's trying to do, my humble opinion is he's trying to prevent leaks because these cabinet meetings have principles and then there's usually a backup. If you ever watch a cabinet meeting in the Roosevelt room in the White House, you'll see pay attention. Now when you see it, the cabinet officials are, the principals will be at the table and Biden will be right there in the middle. And then look behind them. You'll see people seated along the window. Those are the backups. The Biden team, I think, is afraid of his own cabinet. Now, I think they're afraid that the backups or the principals are gonna leak at the bad mental condition he's in. So they're saying he hasn't had a meeting in a while. But here's the kicker. Even when he did have a meeting, he makes his own cabinet officials submit questions in advance.


Folks, I gotta tell you, I worked in a White House for five years. I've never heard anything like this. This is the craziest thing I have heard about cabinet meetings. Check this out. According To two sources before cabinet meetings that the president attends, cabinet officials will submit their questions and talking points, key talking points and bullet points that they plan to present to the president. In these closed door meetings, this is how One source described it. They said the entire display is kind of an act. They would come and say, Hey, the president is going to call on you about 25 minutes in and ask this question. What are the bullet points that you'll respond with? Folks, I'm telling you is, yes, I was not a political operative in the White House.


I'm not trying to fake the funk on you. That's an end, by the way. Not that it matters in this show, but you get the point. I've never heard anything like this. You are on the road with these people all the time. These staffers. You work in the White House five years, and you travel on the road with people 200 days. You kind of get familiar with You know workings of a White House. That's how I was telling you yesterday about Johnny Favs, the Johnny Favreau, the podcast host who's friends with Obama, but was a speech writer. I remember that cat walking around. I mean, I'm not buddies with him or anything like that, but you, you get intimately familiar with the workings of this place. 'cause you see these people all the time. I've never heard of anything like this. They have to submit their questions in advance.


And by the way, another Dan, Bongino Show conspiracy theory comes true. Michael, you have any idea what the batting average is now what? It's up to a a thousand for a thousand kids. It just keeps getting better. I said the other day, and someone started attacking me on, was it that whatever that Crescent, Stein cat or whatever, I don't even remember, but I, I just mauled him. I just put up that the FBI raid thing and he got quiet awfully quick. That was weird how that happened. Imagine being a liberal and getting raided by the FBI. Michael, how bad do you have to be to be a liberal and get raided by the F fbi? I now, if I got raided by the FBI, everybody would be like, yeah, of course it's the FBI.


I mean, and Dan's a conservative, like a MAGA guy, right? I mean, Avita, would I even be a story? I don't even think Avita would cover it on a new show. She'd be, yeah, Dan got raided. It wouldn't be everyone be, but to be a liberal, like you really gotta be messed up. But everybody told me it was a conspiracy theory when I said, the Obamas don't like the Bidens. They're gonna turn on them and David Axelrod be the mouthpiece. I'm serious. I was attacked for that. Oh my gosh. He doesn't know what he's talking about. Okay, here's the morning Schmo telling you, mark Levi, this isn't the game. Telling you exactly what I just told you. That Axel Rod is the mouthpiece for Obama. Check this out. I will say one thing that we do have to underline here, just so so viewers can, can follow what's going on behind the scenes is, is the Biden campaign.


And many Democratic officials do believe that Barack Obama is, is quietly working behind the scenes to orchestrate this. And if Joe Biden believes that, that's not going to get him out of the race any faster, anytime David Axelrod attacks him, David Axelrod ensures that Joe Biden will dig himself in another day. I mean, that's basically what the Bob is saying. Any, anytime the pod bros say something nasty about Joe Biden, which they, they have repeatedly said nasty things about Joe Biden before the debate.


After the debate. Every time they do that, he digs in a little bit further. Chat Folks, chat folks. Do I steal you wrong? Do you feel like you're wasting your time here? Do you feel like you or do you feel like, oh shit, we were three weeks ahead of it again. Yeah, yeah, you are. Who's he talking about? Anyone into chat? No pod bros. Anyone know who he's talking about? He's talking about Johnny Favs, who I just told you about. Johnny Favs was a speech writer for Obama. He hosts this really popular liberal podcast. Honestly, I'm, I'm sorry, what do You know? Guys know what the name of it is. I'm not trying to be silly about it. It's popular. I'm not trying to do that. Mariah Carey JLo, I don't know her, but it's, it's, I forget what it's called.


It's a liberal podcast, super popular. It's up there with the young turds people. What is it called? Do you know the Pod Save America. Pod Save America. Yes. Thank you. Aveta. That's where liberals go. That Johnny Favs is one of the hosts. That's who Scarborough's talking about. Scarborough is all in on Team Biden. He's cracking a little bit now, but he still feels like he wants to preserve his access. 'cause he got that interview the other day. So he's playing it both ways. He knows exactly what I'm telling you. Listen, I'm gonna enough of this. Just listen to Axelrod and Johnny Favs and you'll, you'll, you'll know exactly where Obama's going. And Obama Obama's opinion matters because Obama controls what the donors, the donors are the only thing that's gonna force this guy out.


By the way, we were ahead of all this and you're seeing an absolute collapse in the black community too. That Juneteenth release from last night at a bunch of attendance at the Juneteenth ceremony at the White House thought Biden was off. That's not an accident, folks. Nothing that happens in the liberal media is an accident. You digging me? Remember Hawk to a girl, you get me. You get me. I'm telling you, nothing happens by accident. The black community and prominent black Democrats and donors who are big voters in the Democrat Party, just by sheer numbers, are starting to send a message that Biden, we want you out. Which is a problem for us. 'cause we want 'em in.


Wait till the wait till this starts to get out there. By the way, now proving again, you are at least three weeks, if not six months, to a couple years ahead of the news cycle, wait till Black Democrats start finding out that Biden was a fake civil rights activist. I'm gonna play this video for you in a second. This side by side, you're gonna say, Dan, we've seen this before. That's the point. That's why I'm playing it. You already know this. I'm telling you, there are a ton of black Democrat voters who have no idea. Biden had to publicly apologize for stealing the valor of Civil Rights activists. Why is this a big deal? Because putting it out on this show is not gonna reach liberals.


We have a largely conservative audience. Wait till the liberals start putting this out. 'cause they want Biden out. Check this out. When I marched in the Civil Rights movement, I did not march with the 12 point program. I marched with tens of thousands of others to change attitudes and we changed attitudes. I was not an activist. I was not out marching. I was not down in Selma. I was not anywhere else. That's another Maze Moore Gem. Thank you Maize. I I get it. You in the chat. You're like, oh damn, we've heard that a thousand times. Bingo. I'm telling you, the left hasn't, just like they're hearing for the first time that Biden's got some kind of dementia, you are way ahead of this stuff that's been out there for decades.


It's starting to creep into the black community. Now they're starting to figure out that this guy's full of shit. That not only is he bad for the economy and bad for the border, he's bad for them in general, their communities. Folks, I'm not saying I agree or disagree with these. I think the criticisms within the black community are valid. I'm just telling you that they are starting to see this guy as the cancer he is. I want you to listen to this panel. This is the Daily Show. The daily, you're not gonna meet a more left wing. Isn't that the one John Stewart host? The, sometimes the Daily Show is like the left. I mean it's the leftist of left wings. It makes that another night. Jimmy Fallon, these other guys look centrist.


They did a panel on the Daily Show asking black voters who they were gonna vote for this. Did notice the audible groans as the panel says this. Okay, so who will you be voting for in 2024? Darryl, Do I have to say his name? I don't want to, but more than likely it's gonna be Trump. Yeah. Who are you gonna be voting? Biden and then Victor. I'm with her. Oh, Biden. Okay. Trump. Eric. Trump. Biden. Biden, Trump. Okay. We're an even split. Oh, which I, yeah, I didn't see that coming. So do you think there's gonna be a big shift?


Any sort of change? I think it's gonna be a big shift. Me too. Big shift. Big shift. Yes. Big. Really? Okay. Now Justin's right in the interest of time. I had to cut that now Justice. So crack it. It's okay buddy. It's okay. He's right. I cut that the second half. They go on and say, the Democrats promise us all this stuff. Like nothing ever happens. They've got, they've got a huge seismic problem. Do not overlook the Juneteenth story. Politicians and Democrat activists are hearing from people, regular working American citizens, just like those folks that, Hey, we don't like Biden.


They're hearing the same stuff you are hearing. You ever hear of the Breakfast Club? Hugely popular radio show has a big black audience, has a big urban audience, right? It's not just folks who are black, who listen. A lot of people listen. It's hugely popular. The Breakfast Club is an extremely influential show. Again, You know the Left better than they know you because we expose you to what they're listening to. But they will never expose you. Ever, ever. They're leftists to what you are listening to. Here's the Breakfast Club finally figuring out, again, that unfettered, illegal immigration has really real consequences for budgets, public safety and all this stuff in their community.


Check this out. Bottom Line is when Joe Biden got elected, he said he wanted to fast track 4 million undocumented residents to full citizenship. Black people completely ignored it. I spoke on it. I said, do You know why he wanna fast track 4 million? Because he know he not gonna do nothing for us. We ain't gonna be motivated to vote for him November. So what he's going to do is have these migrants already set up with citizenship so they can replace the black vote that he loses. The migrants are being put in our communities on purpose, New York and Chicago on purpose, because they are what the two blackest cities in America. They're the two largest cities in America. They're the two most politically conscious black communities in America.


So if we can wash out the black with the brown in New York, if we can wash out the black with the brown in Chicago, Philly don't stand a chance. That ain't my show. That's their show. Again, you understand liberal. I'm not saying that guy's a liberal, but you understand liberals because we watch what they're doing and we analyze it. They have no comprehension whatsoever of what the other side is thinking because they think, oh, those guys are Nazis and racists. Okay, whatever. Dude, this is why right now, at least in public opinion, we'll see if it translates into the polls.


That's why we're kicking their asses. Do you see this guy, Tim Miller, by the way, this tweet, this tweet is incredible. The the left, the black community, all of these communities right now, many that have voted democratic by just sheer numbers are starting to figure out Now. They've been lied to about everything all the time, and they're really pissed off. It's Tim Miller. I think he's a leftist. I don't really know this, Kevin. Here's the Galling Exchange. He notes with Ezra Klein. Ezra Klein is You know, pretends to be a journalist. It's about his conversations with top Democrats. He know. Go to the second part of this. He knows at what point that all of this stuff, they keep saying that Donald Trump is an existential threat to democracy.


They, it's all made up. They're making it up. He says it right here. I've had top Democrats say to me, I don't know why all these Democrats who think Donald Trump is an existential threat to democracy, are acting the way they are. But the reason I'm acting that way is because I don't think that they're just lying to you. Man. These people are bullshitting you. It's finally starting to seep in all these Democrat communities that they've been lied to, man. And then what about the narrative out there? Also that Biden somehow is some man of honor and dignity. That's all bullshit too. That's falling apart right now. They've been covering for Biden the whole time. Now it's starting to seep out in the media as well.


That Biden's been a liar his entire time. That Biden has been a grifter and a loser and a bum and an influence peddler. You think this Hunter Biden scheme is new? Did you ever hear about the Hunter Biden, Joe Biden bank thing that went on in the past? Oh, You know about it. Is this another maze more jam? Listen to this one. Here's Biden back in the day about a different scam you probably don't even know about if you're a leftist, but You know about it on the right. Wait till this gets out there. Check this out. In retrospect, wasn't it inappropriate for someone like you in the middle of all this, to have your son collecting money from this big credit card company while you were on the floor protecting its interest? Absolutely not.


But there were former White House aids of yours who tried to warn you about the potential conflicts of interest. Nobody warned me about a potential conflict of interest. Nobody warned me about that. And at the same time, this, not George Kent, The State Department official testified, but he raised it to you. No. He and your staff. To your staff. No, he didn't say me. He did not say to your staff, I stand corrected. I never, never heard that. Once to your Staff and your staff told him he has no bandwidth. Well, my son was dying. I guess that's why he said it. All of this stuff is gonna come out. Now. Why am I playing this for you now? Understandably. Folks in the chat, apple, Spotify, Rumble crowd, you may be saying, and I'm, I'm encouraging you not to.


I'm not wasting your time here. Okay, so look, I got Justin. Am I right? We out of a we. We have more. I have so much left here. I have like the Gar stuff. I haven't even got to some. I know we haven't even I promise you. There's more there. I'm not wasting your time. The reason I'm putting this out there is to remind you that you already know this because the Democrats, I'm not, I didn't say that wrong. The Democrats looking to get rid of Biden are now gonna start filtering this stuff out. Hunter Biden on the board of the bank, we just played Hunter Biden Barisma and your liberal friends, if you have any, I certainly don't anymore are gonna say to you, holy shit.


I just found out the other day Biden was a fake civil rights activist. Oh really? I just found out they had a problem back in Delaware with family members on the board of a bank. Oh, you just found out about that. I just found out Hunter worked in Ukraine while Joe Biden was the vice president point man in Ukraine. Oh really? You just knew about that. Now I found out Biden lied about getting arrested, seeing Nelson Mandela and marching into civil rights movement. All of this stuff is going to come out on their show. On their shows. Now, if you're missing a video show, you guys gotta check this out. It's gonna come out on their shows. On their shows. You have been way, way, way ahead of this.


Okay, listen, I gotta bolt a little bit early today. I'm gonna do the beginning of the radio show and I gotta travel, do some stuff. We'll be at the RNC next week, Tuesday through Friday. Veto will be launching a show there. We're gonna have primetime stuff. Anita, spread the word please and groins. You guys are my P ones and P ones. You're the Generals and the Bonino Army. By the way, Paul's working on a shirt for you guys. You asked for it. So You know Paul is there for you. Customer service. That's what we do. Okay? Tuesday through Thursday we'll be there. We'll have the regular 11:00 AM Eastern podcast. We'll also have some primetime coverage. And the radio show producer, Jim will be there. So if you go into the RNC, come by and say hello. If you've met us in the past, and if you're gonna be in Tampa tonight at the Morgan concert, say hello to us tonight too.


We always love hanging with people. I promise. We're just normal people. I just, I ask you one thing, folks, please don't be disappointed when you meet me. That's my biggest fear. It's true. I meet people and I, I, I'm always, I always think like they're expecting me to say something really profound and I, I really don't have anything other than Hello, thanks for, so I promise I love you to death. I'm just not that impressive in person. I'm just a normal guy. So if you don't go, if you, if you agree not to be disappointed, we can chat forever. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Please download the Rumble app. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. See you in the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes. And back here on the podcast on Monday. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.