
So first, before we discuss, obviously what just happened, I think it's all important that we, people like me who've been blessed by God with a microphone, do everything we can do to make sure we understand that God's in charge at Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior. And right now I think it's very important that we all pray and we all pray for our nation because we are now tragically and sadly living through a moment in history and certainly not a proud one. I was just, not that my backstory at this point matters, who really cares, but I gotta tell you, I was driving back from, I was watching a movie with Paula and a friend of mine said Trump was shot.


And I, I have to tell you, I think like many of you, I thought it was a joke and a pretty sick one at that. But the guy who texted me is a very serious guy. He's not the type to joke around folks. This is, you're living through history. I've got Avita Michael, we just, what, what? I'm sorry we didn't, we don't have any theatrics for you today or any big elements or anything. I, I hope you understand this is an emergency broadcast. They were kind enough to come over. but I wanna do a few minutes with you because there's a lot going on here. And I wanna say we talk about the Bongino rule and that definitely applies here. We don't know a lot and we should say that in advance. What? I don't know. I'm gonna tell you what I'm speculating.


I'm gonna tell you, I unfortunately on there's some commentary out there now and I'm not criticizing anyone. Please, I'm, I'm not. I'm just saying there's a lot of stuff out there now I'm hearing that's just totally, completely inaccurate. Okay. First, this apparent assassination attempt, I think we can all agree that that was apparently a firearm at this point appears to have been, at least let's talk about the how and the why. I'm getting tons of questions from people. How could this possibly happen? The event has a secure perimeter with magnetometers, magnetometers designed to detect weapons and metal coming into the event. How could a weapon get in there?


This is obviously an abysmal failure. Nobody should ever try to cover for this. I have a lot of loyalty to my colleagues at the Secret Service. Their motto is worthy of trust and confidence. However, this is an abysmal failure. There's no excusing that at this point, whatever happened in there and we'll get the details. Whatever happened in there should not have happened, period. We'll get the details later, but that should not have happened no matter what. The protectee comes first at all times. Let's just say it appears to be a firearm at this point. We don't know that. I'm speculating again at that point. On the final conclusion, we will obviously get some forensics.


Apparently the WI think it was WTAE is now reporting that there was a fatality at the event. It appears right now President Trump appears to be okay. However, as you saw again tragically with the Reagan shooting, which we're all taught in Secret Service School over and over, broken down like a case study. Everybody thought Reagan was okay too when Sly started gurgling blood. So again, I would, I would caution anyone to jump to conclusions I say appears to be a firearm because we haven't heard yet about, oh, the weapon actually being recovered. I wanna see it. I heard around eight to 10 shots. I'm not sure what you, Ladies and gentlemen heard out there, but I heard about eight to 10 shots.


It appears to have been from the shots. It sounded like a small caliber type weapon that got into the event. Now, let's get to the issue at hand. I'm getting from everyone. People are asking me and I feel like I need to address in this emergency broadcast. Obviously we're gonna go into, go into extreme detail on Monday about the show, but folks, things like this have happened in the past and the way they bypass the magnetometer. In other words, secreting a weapon into an event. I'm not saying this happened here. People are asking me, hypothetically speaking, how would you get this thing in the way it's happened in the past sometimes is they've buried these things.


Now, that's not easy to do. You've got dogs that go around the site. I'm not saying that's what happened here. You bury it You know what Trump event is happening. You come in, you dig it out. You are asking me for what could have happened in the past. I'm just giving you hypotheticals about scenarios we've gone over in the past. Another way, don't assume this, this, this firearm is, is, is, is all, is an all metal device. However, there had to be some rounds is it's something that was 3D printed. I don't know. Again, speculating at that point. We all know this though, that should not have happened. How the magnetometers were bypassed.


'cause it appears to have come from within the event. Although again, again, that's not conclusive at this point. How the this, this weapon bypass the magnetometers is going to be the big question. It's an apocalyptic security failure. There will be reviews of this from, this will be what you are witnessing today. Ladies and gentlemen with me, your friend right now, and we're watching right now on live television is actual living history and it's important. We get it right and we speculate, we say it. There is a possibility the shots may have come from outside the secure perimeter.


However, Ladies and gentlemen, that would be, I'm trying not to give away too much. That would be an oddity too. Envision a secure perimeter like a speech site where President Trump was shooters, shooters dead apparently being reported now and also an attendee of the rally. There are surveillance teams, an extensive network of surveillance teams even outside the perimeter of the event. It, it would be very unusual for someone with a small caliber weapon to be able to do that and pull that off without being noticed by someone. Obviously not impossible something happened, but it would be unusual.


Don't assume that. Again, envisioning Donald Trump's event. You have this secure fencing, sometimes snow fencing, pipe and drape, whatever you may have. This is the secure area. You are not allowed in area X without going through the magnetometers. Don't assume there's also not security outside those magnetometers. There is. It would be very difficult for you to walk around unnoticed but not impossible to do that. I got a firearm out. Sorry if this is not, I'm just obviously like you all deeply disturbed by everything that happened. I know a lot of you, and I appreciate a lot of you reaching out You know saying, Dan, you, you know, you predicted this, but this, I think we can all, grace isn't the time for that.


I didn't wanna predict this. However, if you Ladies and gentlemen out there, if you're interested in listening to why I thought this would happen, go back to episode 2079 on Rumble and you can see how I laid out in advance why President Trump was at a severe security risk. And you'll see sadly, a lot of what I said tragically has come to pass tonight. Thankfully, the president appears. Appears, okay. Don't neglect the power of prayer. Now, we talked about the how someone bypassed the mags. Somebody got around those mags or somebody outside the mags managed to engage and avoid surveillance.


How that happened, I don't know. Hopefully we'll know within hours. Hopefully we'll know by tomorrow. We should definitely know by Monday the why and then some more important points. Why did this happen? This is where I'm gonna encourage you not to jump the gun folks, listen, I, I know the left is crazy. I get that. I understand that, but I'm gonna caution you strongly to not do what they do right now. This is too important a moment in our nation's history. We don't know what the motive is and this is not a virtue signal. I'm not gonna bullshit you. It's no time for fucking around. We just don't know. The left is already spinning crazy fairytale.


Just let the facts guide you. I say that for a number of reasons, for a number of reasons. One of the ways to bypass the mags if you were really savvy is it could have been an insider attack, speculating. I'm telling you, I'm speculating. It's all we can do right now, but that's why I am trying to disconnect people from jumping to a conclusion. The logical one is yes, it was probably someone who hates Donald Trump. Pretty simple, not complicated to figure out. Correct, but sometimes logic doesn't apply. Let these left wing lunatics do all their crazy nonsense stuff. Let's just let the facts guide us. President Trump did something today we haven't seen since You know Teddy Roosevelt.


He likely got shot in the middle of a speech and wanted to continue going. Don't jump to conclusions. Could be an inside attack. Someone with familiarity who had infiltrated the organization would likely know how, how to bypass the magnetometers through a different entrance. Remember, there are three, there are three separate groups of, of of people that all have that all get in through separate areas of the, and and if you know that, I don't wanna say who right now, but if You know that you can take advantage of different security mechanisms at every way. At every way.


If You know what I'm talking about, let me just say it. There's three, there's three different, you got the three Ps, okay? Remember the three Ps, the press, the protectee and the public, they all come in via different ways. You understand what I'm getting at? The public's flushed in through the magnetometers. Don't assume that's how this weapon, whatever it may be, got in. Did it come in through a press entrance? I don't know, but if you are an insider, you would know that. Did it come in through a protectee entrance somehow? I don't know. I doubt it, but again, this is why I'm telling everyone out there who's and and pleased to the commentators out there.


Much respect. I'm not criticizing anybody. Please don't say what you don't know because you're just gonna spin people's wheels up and you're gonna pollute the news cycle. There are three separate entrances. How this person got in will be very telling, could be as easy as a simple failure at the magnetometer, but folks, it's very unlikely somebody walked in with a magnetometer with that and just took it by chance that some secret service agent in a, in a uniform division team at a magnetometer was just gonna be having a bad day and let it in. I, I find that highly unlikely. Some important points moving forward to guide you in the coverage of this.


Number one, the Secret service will not be investigating this and now this is where Ladies and gentlemen take it for what it is. The FBI now has its jurisdiction. There is an MOU, it's short for memorandum of understanding between the Secret Service and the FBI. The Secret Service does not investigate assassination attempts against its protectees because if the Secret Service failed, there'd be an incentive to hide it. Not saying that's what they're gonna do. I'm saying that's the genesis of the memorandum of understanding the MOU, the FBI. The secret services job right now is to secure what is a crime scene.


This is now a crime scene. It's not a rally anymore. I know you all understand that. The FBI will now take over the investigation, the processing of the evidence. The secret services job is now done with this particular incident. The FBI will be investigating. Second, apparently Donald Trump was treated at the hospital and there are important points, takeaways, everything changed after Reagan, folks, when Reagan was shot, we didn't have a hospital agent, so this is what happened. They called the hospital And. they said, we're coming with the president. He was shot And. you know what they did? They hung up on him. Look it up.


We don't do that anymore. We always have en route to the hospital. I was a transportation agent. That's what I did. I did it for two and a half years. There was always a dedicated route to the hospital today, sadly, they used it. There's an agent at that hospital with a dedicated phone line. That phone line probably rang today, the first time it's rang in a long time, and I'll bet that agent was probably surprised when he picked it up. Another important takeaway, someone had said on a news network before that the Secret Service doesn't have an intelligence division that is inaccurate. The Secret Service has a thoroughly staffed protective intelligence division that is literally all they do is investigate threat cases.


They have a PI squad in every office, protective Intelligence and it's run out of headquarters. The Protective Intelligence Division exists and is real. I don't know why that person said that may have been a mistake. Again, this is not time to be critical or unnecessarily nitpicky about people's stuff. However, I don't want you to be misguided. Why is that important? We're gonna know shortly the, the Gunman's now dead being reported on multiple news outlets right now. We're gonna know the identity shortly. Was this person a monitored, what we would call unusual interest case? Was this person on a secret service record in the past? Were they a class one, class two, class three, class three being really, really dangerous.


People who, who have shown an active interest in killing the president. I doubt it because they're usually monitored when the, when a protectee comes to district. However, what the intelligence file, if there was one on this individual is, is gonna be fascinating if and when we find out the identity. Couple more points, and again, forgive me for the dower presentation. I just, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, can I show you something on the phone and I'm, I'm gonna show you something here. Yeah, I'm not sure. So this was this morning at 8:48 AM I had well called, did you just see that?


No, I didn't. Okay. I called, called President Trump this morning. I'm a little banged up about it. I feel like I, I distracted him or I don't know. I feel terrible about it. I feel like I, I had to talk to him about something. I, sorry. I just, I'm really like cross about this whole thing. I feel like I, I don't know. I know I didn't, I'm just, I might have talked to him about something now I feel like I, I don't know. Like I wasted his time.


Poor guy, what he went through today, I, something small I had to talk to him about. I'm watching this on the screen and another thing I wanted to put out, the armor may have saved him. Ladies and gentlemen, if you look on the stage that what appears to be the You know looks ceremonial. See, it looks kind of like a, a a, a, a flag design with the red, white, and blue. That's likely armor. There's a darn good chance that that armor possibly saved him. So folks, that's, that's something. Again, we don't know. It looks like it was eight to 10 shots.


It was at a shot that hit his ear. It appears to be the case at this point, but it, I, I mean, what else could it have possibly been? I wanna end on a couple notes here. This is, this is one broadcast I really wish I'd never, ever done, ever. It's time for a full presidential package for President Trump. If you go back and listen to episode 2079, president Trump does not have that. He doesn't have that. Now, I get it. There are some legalities involved, but President Trump is a former president running for reelection.


You essentially have two incumbents running folks. He does not have a full presidential package right now. It is putting the man in danger. His threat level is apocalyptic and catastrophic. It is time right now for Kim Cheadle, the secret service director, to get her head out of her ass and do the right thing. I can tell you stories for days about her putting politics ahead of presidential protection. I am not being overly emotional because I've said it before. The Secret Service director is utterly unqualified right now to be doing what she's doing. It is time for her first to get this thing solved. It's an an emergency situation right now and find out what happened.


But she should step down immediately. Some of the things she has told people on that detail about security arrangements, clearly making political statements. She's completely unqualified. It is time for President Trump to have a full presidential package. I'll leave you with this and then I'm asking you all, please. Again, it's in these times where You know I'm not some freaking poet, man, so I I don't, we don't need to do any of that stuff. I'm just saying You know, like when these people get lost at sea, they have lighthouses and stuff for a reason. you know, God's that one for you and he's that one for us right now.


Just ask, just open up prayer matters. It's not a joke. It's not some scam. What do you think we, this was all created outta some kind of alien mist or something. We need him right now. The nation needs them. We're still the United States of America, even though we got a lot of crazy people. You don't want some foreign country right now taking advantage of this chaos. And on this, listen, I say all the time, maybe put a little smile on your face in a really tragic time.


Campaigns are snapshots and sound bites. That's all they are. Donald Trump's got a lot of guts, man. Getting up there, exposing himself again to what he knew, what he knew was an assassination attempt and pounding his fist in the air. That snapshot's gonna live forever. Hey, thanks for tuning in and again, I'm really sorry about the kind of dower approach. I just, that's been on my mind. you know, I just feel like I, I don't know, like I wasted his time a little bit. Thanks for tuning in folks. I will see you from the RNC on Monday. God bless America.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.