
Hey there. Welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us. Oh, man. Is it Thursday already? It's Thursday already. I was practically up all night. I was at a Metallica concert last night. And by the way, if I ran into you at the Metallica concert, it was so awesome to see you. It was really great. I know there's somebody in the chat, I think his name is some version of Van Halen. It was good to see you there, buddy. We had a great time. Holy cow. What a great concert. Okay. But as I was processing all of the news that was occurring both while I was at the concert and this morning, a lot has happened. A lot has happened. James Comey is throwing a full blown shit fit right now about what's going on at the FBI.


We'll get into the details of Y Come's doing that. The response from Cash Patel and Dan Bonino that's going on. And also Susan Crabtree, the excellent real Clear politics reporter is gonna join us today as there's now cat fights going on at the Secret Service. She's got the exclusive reporting on this subject. We'll find out a little bit more about what's going on in the agency that's supposed to protect the president of the United States Man. Oh man, great to have you with us on a Thursday. You know, this is for a lot of people, a shortened week. It's been Memorial Day at the top of the week, which is, which is nice, great Memorial Day. But remember, Memorial Day is more than just a long weekend. It's a time to remember those who sacrificed for our freedom and to make sure that we're doing our part to protect what they fought for.


And for me, that means making sure my family is prepared for whatever comes next. And right now, My Patriot Supply a company I personally trust is running that Memorial Day sale. It's their biggest of the season. You can save up to 60% on the My Patriot Supply emergency gear that matters most. Emergency food kits, water filtration, off grid power systems, and so much more preparedness is not about panic, it's about peace of mind. It's about knowing that if the shelves go empty or the grid goes down, you're already covered. And this sale makes it more affordable than ever to get there. If you've been thinking about preparing or expanding your supplies, this is the time to do it. But this sale won't stick around. So go to My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE to stock up today, My Patriot Supply do.com/ VINCE, My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE.


Yeah, holy cow. The boys at Metallica still put on a great concert. It was cool, by the way, to see all the, like every generation of Metallica fan in attendance. This was at what they now call Northwest Stadium in Landover, Maryland. It's where the Washington Redskins play, and it's, it was, it was cool. You, you get the original people who've been following them since the early eighties, all out there. Then you get the kids and the grandkids, lots of little kids there. It was really, it was just a neat thing, everybody just going absolutely wild. It was really funny walking into the stadium though, because they have signs out front that say, no moshing, no moshing. I can't even believe in 2025, I'm seeing signs about mosh pits, but apparently there's still a thing people slamming into each other.


And so you get into the stadium and then you're watching, I'm, we're sitting in the stands watching this, but on the field, of course, there's all the pit action and everybody's standing there right next to the stage. And of course, people, there's a rock concert, so people don't follow the rules. It's, they're moshing, everybody's moshing. Not everybody. There was some moshing. What's funny is that the older though that they get the moshing becomes more gentle. Nobody wants to tweak a hip or break an ankle or something. So they're sort of, they're slowly bumping off of each other as they're moshing in the middle of these rock songs. Honestly, really, really funny to watch. My, my kid loved it. Her, her best friend came. She loved it. Everybody was jamming out. And of course, You know, just like all these concerts, they always save the big hits for the end, You know, master of Puppets and Inner Sandman to close out the show.


The only thing I regret about that, and I think this is as I get older, this is what, what I want, I just want them to play their hits a little earlier in the program so that the hardcore people can stay all the way to the end. And I can make my way to the parking lot to get into my car and get out. I can just, I'll listen to the rest of the songs, You know, on Spotify or something. But no, it's, it's really cool. So anyway, thanks. Thanks to Metallica for throwing a great concert and thanks to everybody I ran into last night. Just great, great audience. The best damn audience in media really, really is. Okay, let me get into what's going on with the FBI. Here we've got James Comey do, doing a, doing a some sort of stupid tour to sell his ridiculous fiction book.


But in the process, he keeps issuing these calls to action where he's pretending like he's just assessing what's going on in the FBI, but he's clearly sending a message to his forces that are still within the FBI, who he calls the career officials that they need to undermine the Trump administration. They need to undermine you, the, the person who voted for President Trump, and they under need to undermine the agenda that you voted for. Take a look. Here's James Comey. This is on CNN. Cut two attacking. First and foremost, Dan Bonino, FFBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino on his priorities. He tweeted out this week that he wants to make sure that we get to the bottom of public corruption cases involving the January 6th Pipebomber in involving the cocaine that was found at the White House and involving the leak of the Dobbs decision.


All of these intense American interests call me, acts like they're meaningless and that Dan Bonino is playing to a very particular audience. Take a look, Something supported by a lot of conservatives out there. What do you make of this? It's a little confusing to me, honestly. I'm sure it's a huge adjustment to go from being a podcaster to being the deputy director of the FBI. But I don't understand this tweet. First of all, I assume that the investigation of the pipe bomb that was found on January 6th was never closed. The FBI never closes such a thing. So I guess it means they're gonna focus on it more. And as to the other things, I I, I thought the Supreme Court Marshall had investigated the, the leak of the, of the opinion, the draft opinion.


I don't know what the FBI's role is there. Cocaine at the White House. I thought the Secret Service investigated that. So I, I don't follow it and understand it. I also don't understand who the audience is for this tweet. The FBI often calls for public assistance or in matters of great public concern, will announce an investigation to reassure the public. This seems much more narrowly targeted maybe to a former podcast audience, Maybe to a former podcast audience. Now, who could he be talking about here? Who is he attempting to slander? Who are the insane people who'd be interested in getting to the bottom of this? Now, of course, he's talking about you, James Comey is now not satisfied with merely writing 86 47 on the beach and attacking President Trump saying he's to be unseated.


He's now set his sights on you. People who think that Dan Bonino is a guy that's worth listening to and are grateful that he's in the administration now working on the agenda of the American people, James Comey is attacking you, and he is saying that it's only crazy people. It's only crazy people who would dare be interested in getting to the bottom of the January 6th Pipebomber or the leak of the Dobbs decision or the cocaine in the White House. Why would the FBI be wasting their resources on this? Comey asks, asks, the answer to that question is because it's of intense American interest to get to the bottom of that. The January 6th Pipebomber case is not merely about a threat to the RNC and the DNC, but instead, more sincerely, it's about the corruption of our government.


Why the most theatrical portion of the events of January 6th just disappeared from public consciousness? Why is that? And what role did the government play in that? I've got more news on that coming up, and specifically from Dan Bonino, I'm gonna share that with you. But there's Comey lashing out, lashing out, and You know why he's lashing out? He's lashing out because these guys cash and Dan are over the target right now. And James Comey doesn't know how to handle it. So he goes onto a program that, by the way, has lower ratings than any iteration of Dan Bon Gino's podcast. So I love the whole little pejorative shot that Comey's taking. Oh, I don't know, some former podcaster.


As if, as if Dan didn't have a meaningful career in law enforcement prior to his career in media and the attacks he's making on cash, as well as if cash wasn't serving at some of the highest levels of the government, wasn't doing the kinds of investigations that gave him expertise into the job that he's now in. Comey is a ludicrous figure and he's emotionally incontinent. Here's more from that James Comey thing with Wolf Blitzer. Take a look. Here's cut three Comey attacking both Dan and Cash saying they're unqualified for the job. And so I hope the career people are able to support the director and the deputy director. There are lots of people in the FBI who know what they're doing.


I hope these two guys are letting them guide them. You Think they know what they're doing? The career people know what they're doing? No, no, no. The career people know what they're doing, but the new director and the deputy director, Nothing in their life or their career gives me confidence that they know anything about leading an organization like that. And so I would have serious doubts. I bet they do internally about whether they have doubts. Great. Let the people know what they're doing, give you advice and listen to them. Okay? All right. So, so this guy is a preposterous figure for a bunch of reasons. Look, cash Patel was the chief of staff to the Secretary of Defense. He worked at some of the highest levels of one of the biggest agencies in the entire federal government.


He's familiar with that. He worked on, he was the lead investigator working with Devin Nunes into the Russian collusion hoax. Now, I don't need to give you his full bio, I don't need to fully defend him. He can defend himself. But this idea that, oh, he's completely out of his depth. He's never served in a leadership position. He's never, he doesn't know what he's doing inside of this agency. It's, it's poppycock, it's garbage from James Comey. This is bitterness on Comey's part that these guys are ripping apart the destructive structure that Comey has built inside of that Hoover building that's, this is Comey spazzing out over Cash Patel and Dan Bonino.


And so, so that's what you're seeing there. Now Cash has an opportunity. He has responded to this cash. Talked to Brett Bayer yesterday, it aired on the Fox News Channel yesterday, and he talked about the fiasco that Comey has created at the FBI and in the country. Take a look, your cut eight Cash Patel de the current director of the FBI, talking about the past Director James Comey. That's James Comey. If he wants to come after me, no problem. I've been living rent free in that guy's head for years, and that's just a bonus. Do You know how many copycats we've had to investigate as a result of that Beachside venture from the former director?


Is that right? Do You know how many agents I've had to take offline from chasing down child sex, predators, fentanyl, traffickers, terrorists? Because everywhere across this country, people are popping up on social media and think that a threat to the life of the President of the United States is a joke and they can do it because he did it. So cash is explaining with some sadness that right now the, the FBI has to take people off of very important cases to put them on an urgent case, which are the never ending threats that James Comey has induced in the United States and Comey with his o is it his o shucks attitude? I, oh, I didn't know it was my wife.


We were walking on the beach and, and, and she was talking about, this is interesting. You should take a picture of it. You should post it to your Instagram. James Comey has spurred a cascade of threats against the president of the United States, a guy who's been nearly assassinated on multiple occasions, and those assassins induced by quoting people like James Comey on the American Left who say things like President Trump as a threat to democracy. Democracy is on the ballot. We need to stop him. James Comey writing in seashells 86 47 and posting to his social media account has led to chaos in the United States that the FBI is now responding to.


That's what's happening. And listen to what that, what cash says. He says, this is a reallocation of resources. We could be going after terrorists, we could be going after child predators. We could be going after all these other things. And now we've gotta reassign these agents and analysts to go after threats to the president of the United States because of Comey. Remember what the FBI did under people like James Comey and, and Christopher Ray, they would take agents off of important cases and put them on political operations to attack Republicans, conservatives. So under Christopher Rand, under the last FBI director as the biggest FBI investigation in American history, gets launched into January six people.


They were taking agents off of terror cases. They were taking agents off of child predation cases. Whistleblower Steve Friend revealed that, that that happened to him. He was taken off of child predation cases and instead assigned to go after American citizens who were exercising constitutional rights, including parents who were going to school board meetings. And they would have FBI agents sit outside in the parking lot and write down the license plate numbers of the vehicles, who would go to the school board meetings, the FBI was allocating attention and focus on treating Christians as if they are radicals, Catholics, as if they are radicals for going to traditional Latin masses. That is what the FBI did under people like James Comey and Christopher Ray in a politicized federal Bureau of investigation.


And why James Comey absolutely deserved to be fired from the get go. He should not have made it as far as he did into the Trump administration in the first place. So yeah, you wanna talk about allocating resources and who's actually spending it on stuff that's worth it. Cash and Dan, not James Comey, not James Comey. James Comey's creating trouble. Now, a lot of it, cash is not the only person to talk about what James Comey has done here, the craziness that he's created. Dan Bonino, lemme go to cut 12 now. Dan Bonino explained this morning on Fox in an appearance on Fox and Friends, I'll talk all about the appearance and what I think of it, why it matters.


But he talks about Comey and the threats he's created and how much of a child this oversized goon is. Take a look, I gotta tell you, of all the things that have surprised me in the close to now, three months I've been here, is the depravity of Jim Comey. This man is a disgrace to the badge, the FBI and the country. What he's doing right now, implying a, a, a threat towards the president and blaming your wife about it. And let me just add about James Comey, You know, Saint Comey who walks around them moralizing to everyone, how wonderful of a human being he is. What you said is absolutely accurate. We have wasted countless man hours now running out tips to our tip line about people putting 86 47 because of Jim Comey, because he cannot control himself and his emotions.


He's a child, he's a big child. And let me tell you one more thing. Jim Comey wants you to, Jim Comey taking a shot at the president. Oh, look at me. I'm such a victim. The president's going after me. He's making a ton of money on this book. The only person that got prosecuted was the president, Jim Comey. We're finding stuff, even now, We're finding stuff even now. I'll, I'll get to that in just a moment. The stuff that they've been finding. But there, so here you have both cash and Dan gon, Comey is creating all sorts of problems. He created problems when he was in the agency and now he's outside the agency creating problems, creating threats to the president of the United States.


And as you heard James Comey say a moment ago, he's obviously trying to motivate the so-called career officials within the FBI to undermine the agenda of the United States. Comey is playing with fire here. He's playing with fire now elsewhere in that interview, Bino addressed a question, Dan addressed a a, the obvious question that comes to my mind, that comes to your mind. Well, why can't, what can we charge Comey with? Can Comey be charged with something? Can we get this menace off the streets? And he addresses the 86 47 thing and he says, look, here's the deal. We have to bring cases that we know are gonna withstand at both the prosecution and a and a judge.


If there's any wiggle room for interpretation where the guy can escape it, like saying, oh, 86 47, oh, shucks, I I didn't know it meant you gotta assassinate Trump. I didn't know that's what it was. Implying Dan is, Dan said outright, this has to be able to withstand scrutiny by a magistrate and not just get thrown out. So we're bringing, we're gonna bring cases that we can actually get victories on. That's what he's saying this morning. So that's a, that's an important piece of this. Now lemme go back to Cash Patel for a moment. And should I, should I go back to cash? I, I'll wait on cash for a minute. Let's see. Yeah, let's go to cash. We'll go to cash. So We got cut nine here.


Cash Patel last night on Fox, talking about the Epstein death. Remember the Epstein death and the Epstein files. This has been a lot. We've all been scrutinizing this. What's going on here? Jeffrey Epstein killed himself. This is what you're telling us now. So what happened? What led you to that conclusion? You know, Dan is a big receipts guy. I'll get to that in a moment. He wants, You know, and, and so am I, I wanna see the evidence to support that. We've got some more coming on that first, here's Cash Patel on Jeffrey Epstein. Cut nine, take a look. There Are The Epstein thing you dealt with Maria, you said, as far as You know, he killed Himself. I'm telling you, he killed himself. The other thing on the internet is the Epstein files. What's the answer to that?


The answer to that is the same as everything else. I'm not going to withhold information from the American public ever, but I'm also not going to rush to get it out there in a format in which they can't rely on it. So on the Epstein matter or any other matters, we are diligently working on that. And it takes time to go through years of investigations, years of political maneuvering, and years of coverup to get the American people what they deserve. And that's what I'm gonna give them. Years of coverup. That's an interesting final piece of that sentence. Years of coverup to get the American people what they deserve. Okay? So that's fascinating.


And what that, what that tells us is that they are gonna be releasing more information about Epstein. In fact, Dan added some, some color inside of those lines this morning. Dan Bonino revealed that there is video footage from Jeffrey Epstein's wing of the jail. Take a look. Here's cut 15 Dan this morning. This video he just revealed this morning, is imminently going to be released now for the consumption of the American people. Take a look. I am not asking anyone to believe me. I'm telling you what's there and what isn't right? There is nothing in the file at this point on the Epstein case. And there's gonna be a disclosure on this coming shortly.


We are working through some, there is video that is something the public does not, there's A video of him killing Himself. No, no, not not the actual act, but there, the, the entire MC Bay, it was only one camera. There were other, there's video that when you look at the video and we will release, that's what's taken a while on this. We are working on cleaning it up to make sure you have an enhanced right and we're gonna give the original. So you don't think there were any shenanigans? You're gonna see there's no one there but him, right? There's just nobody there. So I say to people all the time, If you have a tip, let us know. But there's no DNA, there's no audio, there's no fingerprints, there's no suspects, there's no accomplices, there's no tips, there is nothing. If you have it, I'm happy to see it.


There's video clear as day. He's the only person in there and the only person coming out you can see it. So, Okay, well that's fascinating. Remember, the thing we know about the video cameras is at least the cameras that were closest to the cell inoperable for some reason not working, the guards didn't take their rounds that night. They falsified the records about their rounds. In other words, there's a lot of deceit going on and a lot of suspicious coincidences all happening at the same time as Jeffrey Epstein dies apparently in that jail cell. And so Dan's addition to this story today is that there is a camera that shows some, well, it sounds like a bottleneck, a single point of access to that wing demonstrating that it was only Epstein who entered and exited that wing.


So we will apparently at some point in the near term, see that that's a brand new piece of information from Dan, which conveys, by the way, his sincerity about tackling this issue. It's not merely, oh, I looked at the file. There's, he killed himself. There's nothing else to see here. Let's move on to other issues. He's being very respectful of the fact that the American people want real receipts and real answers here. So a video to Come on that apparently. Now that doesn't rule out a lot of things. One, pay attention to Dan's language here. It's the same thing he said last time. He was asked about this in his joint interview with cash with Maria Bartiromo. He said, according to the file, in other words, the official record keeping on the subject that the FBI indicates that Jeffrey Epstein killed himself.


That's according to what Dan has access to. Now, that of course means are there things he doesn't have access to? Things he doesn't know yet, as he's asking for more people to come forward. Is that him indicating that he remains concerned, that we're not being told the full story? Certainly sounds like that to me. But he is indicating, once again, that he's just relying on this is what's inside of the files at the FBI. The other piece that's worth remembering here is to what extent, if we've got a bad actor at play, to what extent was Epstein allowed to kill himself? Let's, let's say that that actually was accomplished.


And, and by the way, You know, with like the, the, one of the forensic examiners here, Dr. Michael Baden, he looked at this and he goes, I, I just don't see it. I don't see how he could do it. Given the nature of the fractures in his neck. Those are, he's in all of his years, and he's been doing this for a long time, he's never seen a suicidal hanging that resulted in three fractures like that. Instead, that would only be typically the result of an actual murder. Someone else, a homicide would have to do that according to his assessment. But let's say this is the one occasion in his entire career that he encounters it, that it's a suicide. To what extent was Epstein given the space, if they know he's suicidal, are they giving him the space and the implements to, to do this himself?


This all this all matters, especially in an environment where the guards falsified the records. Yeah, that, that's right, right away you've got an act of you've got an active deceit going on on the part of the guards, You know, and, and You know, if the innocent explanation to the extent that can be innocent is, oh, we just, we fell asleep and we didn't want anybody to know. Okay, but it's not good enough for me. One of the my so most high profile cases ever, ever. We need some answers on this. And so there you go, Dan Bonino saying, we're gonna get a couple more in the form of this video. Video evidence coming out. Okay in a moment, more from Dan. Dan has revealed a lot Cash.


Patel is revealing a lot and Susan Crabtree is ahead. We're gonna talk to her about what's going on at the Secret Service and whether or not the reforms that President Trump is calling for are actually getting done. Susan's got details on that straight ahead.


Before I get into all of that though, I gotta thank our sponsors. This episode is brought to you by the great people at ammo squared. Do you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020 shelves were bare, even online options were completely wiped out. There's a company in Idaho now helping to make sure that this never happens again. It's called ammo squared. And they've been helping over 80,000 members stockpile ammo automatically since 2015. You sign up, you pick your ammo from over 70 different calibers. You set up an auto buy budget and then just choose a shipping trigger over time your ammo accumulates and it's stored for free in ammo squared, climate controlled warehouse. Until you're ready to ship it. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect if you've got a small budget or anybody wants to build up a stockpile without spending thousands or hundreds of dollars upfront. Ammo squared is the smarter way to stockpile ammo. You just set it and then you forget it. It's a good investment too. Ship it when you need it. It's the easiest way to stay prepared without the hassle. Head to ammo square.com and take the work outta buying ammo. 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. Can't be wrong. That's ammo squared.com. Check them out today, must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo. Must be 21 for a handgun Ammunition.


Yes indeed. And also Blackout Coffee is phenomenal. I why I don't have my Coffee cup with me today. This is a rare moment where I don't have it, but You know what's in it. Blackout, blackout Coffee is in my coffee cup. I love blackout coffee. It charges me up every single day. The owner at Blackout is a fellow called John and he's a great American. He built blackout coffee from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee. It's roasted fresh right here in the United States. There's no woke Nons This's. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee is the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So look, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values that stands with us. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up with that delicious cup of coffee. Head over to blackout coffee, do.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole Bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered, support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee baby. Blackout coffee.


Okay, let's see here. Okay, so I've got more from cash and Dan on on a number of things. Let's go to Cash Patel. Now this is cut 10 Cash Patel talking about January 6th and what went down there. Take a look, But more importantly, people have had questions about January 6th and whether or not there were FBI sources, not agent sources on the ground during January 6th. And I told you I would get you the definitive answer to that. And we have, and we are in the process again of working with our partners to divulge that information. And it's coming. And I will tell you this, the answer to that question, we'll surprise and shock people because of what past FBI leaders have said about it.


Former FBI director Chris Ray, eventually admitted to Congress there were 26 FBI confidential human sources in around the Capitol January 6th, but not actual agents. Can you say that's true? Are there more than that? What, what you're learning from that, I can say that that is definitely a piece of the truth. Why it took a a ton of time for co in questioning in Congress for the director to get that point, is what I'm trying to eliminate from the FBI. They were concealing that for a long time. They were trying to hide that detail. And so Cash Patel there, this is what you're listening to, is a steady drumbeat of transparency initiatives going on at the FBI this these guys are not paying lip service to this topic.


They're hearing you, they're hearing me, they're hearing all of us, and they're saying, okay, we're trying to get this information out to you. We care about it. In fact, few people know more about it than Cash Patel and Dan Bonino. So they're, they're plugging away. And for that, I'm grateful and about all of that, the events of January 6th. Now on, on that January 6th of also the night of January 5th matters a great deal. The pipe bomb investigation, the pipe bomb investigation, what the heck happened with that story? That matters a lot. And Dan Bonino has made it his mission. It is crystal clear that it has been his mission. It was his mission before it got there. As Deputy director of the FBI to get to the bottom of that, now he's in a position to do something about it.


Ed Martin, the, the former US attorney, the head of the weaponization task force now has been working with Dan. He told us that he came, he told you, he told this audience about that. I've been working with Dan on getting to the bottom of the pipe bomb case. And Dan gave an update this morning on that subject and he said, actually, we've had some late breaking developments cut 14 Dan Bonino on what they're learning now. You know, we had two pipe bombs planted on January 6th. I mean, we were told by partisan actors out there, this was the insurrection, the world was gonna fall apart and no one seemed to show any interest in this case. The second We got in, I put a team on it and I said, I want answers on this. And I'm, I'm pretty confident that we're, we're closing in on some suspects.


The, We got a, the reason, by the way I use social media with these cases I'm trying to communicate on social media is nothing's by accident guys. I do nothing by accident. Every time I put a tweet out on it, we get tips. We got a fascinating tip on one of these cases, one of the three, and I wanna say which one, but I'm pretty confident that we're gonna close out one of 'em, hopefully shortly. And in the cocaine in the White House, You know, I saw someone on social media, which is fine. Everybody's entitled to an opinion, we work for you. But said, I don't care about the case. Yeah, I do. I was a Secret service agent. A potentially hazardous material made its way into the White House. Nobody seems to know how it got there and nobody seemed to get to, to, to investigate it fully. Like, You know, what planet do we live on where that's not of public interest.


So Yeah. All right, so here you have Dan announcing this morning that they are now closing in, he says, on suspects in the January 6th pipe bomb saga, which is a brand new piece of information. So there's a, there's that from Dan and then finally from Dan this morning. And then I'll just give you my quick, quick assessment of what I think of all these interviews. 'cause I think they have a great deal of meaning and I want them to do more of these. Here is Dan talking about the Comey era at the FBI. Here's cut 13 where Dan says that we're now finding information that was intentionally hidden from us, that was bunked away in an effort to prevent us from seeing it.


But we've found it. Take a look, wait Till you read the stuff that's coming out. Does He still, but does he still have loyalists in the building? Because when I hear the FBI director saying you guys are finding boxes that are hidden, okay, how does that happen in the bureau? Well, we were there a couple of weeks and luckily there were a lot of people up there who grabbed us by the arm the minute we came in and said, thank you for being here. You know, we need to talk. There are people there who are really horrified at what happened. And it was a room and we found stuff, a lot of stuff, a hidden room. I wouldn't call it hidden, but hidden from us at least, and not mentioned to us.


And then we found stuff in there. And a lot of it's from the Comey era. And we are working our, our damnedest right now to declassify. And just so You know, 'cause I I get the public, I totally understand people saying, well do it now there, the process is not all the information is ours to declassify some as other intelligence agencies. It's not, we, we literally can't do it. Once that gets done and that gets out there and you read some of the stuff we found that by the way was not processed through the normal procedure, digitizing it, putting in FBI records, we found it in bags hiding under Jim Calley's really quickly. Yeah, you're gonna be stunned. The shells, You're gonna be stunned by what we found. We're in the process of declassifying it for release to the American people.


Is Dan lying to you? Is is Dan telling a lie here chat or is he telling the truth? The answer is abundantly clear to me. Of course he's telling the truth and he's soldiering away at getting the answers out. He's soldiering away. So there you go. A a, a good update from Dan Bonino. Lastly on, on this subject, before we get to our guest, I just wanna say I saw Dan Post the other day. Yeah, the chat is is all in on on Dan telling the truth here. Truth rightfully so. I saw Dan Post the other day that they've, they've limited the number of media interviews they've been doing Cash and Dan have up until now because they wanted to keep the focus on the work.


He said, my outside advice is do more of these interviews. I realize you're limited in what you can say. And so a lot of what we're left to do is kind of try and read between the lines and try and suss out a little bit more about what might be going on behind the scenes that we don't yet know. But I think it's totally worthwhile for these guys to have a lot of conversations with the public. This is an agency that's desperately, desperately in need of a credibility restoration. And the only way to restore the credibility is maximum transparency, maximum conversation and maximum communication with the American people. So just maximize that as much as possible. Fellas, this is really worthwhile.


Now, one last just editorial note for the show and because I've been asked a million times to people like, well you should interview Dan, have Dan on the show. I would love to. Here's what I'm running into and I'll just be this, speaking of maximum transparency, this is the issue here. Silver Lock, this is a Paulo Bino operation. What we do with the podcast, I'm not gonna put Dan on the show because whatever we do on this program would be to the financial benefit ultimately of Paula Bonino. So I'm not gonna do that with this program for that reason. I haven't even, by the way, I've never even talked about this with these guys. I'm just saying straight up I'm not creating unnecessary conflicts of interest for them. That's not gonna happen. Now that does not preclude me from talking to cash.


I want Cash. Patel, I've been, believe me, I've been working to try and get the FBI director on. I think it'd be great to have him come by and answer our questions, but that's where I am. The other piece is that doesn't preclude me from talking to Dan on radio either. I can talk to Dan on the big radio show, 12 to three nationwide each day Eastern Time. So we've got some options here. But just to give you a sense of what's going on, i I, my goal, and I know Dan's goal for sure is maximum transparency, maximum credibility. Maximum maximum integrity. And that's always the way we're gonna do this always. So more interviews, I'd love to see him do more and, and I'll take whatever interviews I can get in whatever form I can get it for sure.


And you guys are the, you guys are the best. It's some good information coming out. All right, hold on in just a moment. We've got Susan Crabtree stopping in. We're gonna talk to her about everything that's going on, including especially with the Secret Service.


Before we get there, I wanna thank this sponsor who just makes this program so much better by being a part of it that's jacked up fitness. You know, more and more Americans have been prioritizing their wellness and getting back in shape. Studies prove that strength training does more to help burn fat than cardio alone. And this is why I'm so pleased to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. You see, they're all in one home gyms. They're already best in class already and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms and gives you unlimited width combinations to hit every single muscle group. And if you're new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that has full body video workouts. Simply press play and follow along. No more excuses, I'm getting fit. You should too. Let's do this together. Go to get jacked up.com, get jacked up.com. You sign up for their free training program there. And whether when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rack Pro X, you can use my promo code VINCE to save 10%. That's get jacked up.com promo code VINCE.


Alright, joining us right now from Real Clear Politics, fantastic reporter, Susan k Crabtree is on the show. Susan, good to have you with us today. Well thanks so much for having me, VINCE. I just wanna say you're doing a fantastic job. It's so great to see good people in Washington getting ahead and doing well and you've always asked the best questions of me, especially with regard to the Secret Service. So it's a pleasure to be on with you today. Well It is always so nice to talk to you and, and, and make you make it so easy because you're a good reporter and you always have something new and interesting to share. I guess I should ask, 'cause I know You know Dan Bonino too, and you were able to listen to some of what we were just talking about. What do you think of these guys cash and Dan being in this, this role at the FBI right now and what do you see view as how challenging the task is that's ahead of them?


Well, they have to be, You know, sort of drinking from a fire hose at the same time trying to provide more transparency. Do far more than any administration as has provided in terms of transparency. FBI is always just like the Secret Service hidden behind this veil of secrecy and we don't disclose. So I think they're trying to do both and I think it's excellent. I do think he's gonna get to the bottom of some of these cases and it's pastime to restore integrity to the FBI. I really think that the FBI is part of the problem with this cocaine gate that I've written about before. And Dan has reported on, on the podcast several months ago.


We have some of the same reporting on this I on, I truly believe he's gonna get to the bottom of that story and I just, I I hope to be able to so further that along in the next 24 hours or four eight hours, so Oh really? You said, so you think you'll have new developments in the next 24 hours potentially, or 48? Yeah, I do. I have the FOIA documents from the Secret Service on this cocaine issue. And one of the key things that I think is critical here is that the place where the, where they found this has changed according to these documents. There was a protective intelligence division document within this cache that I have that says it was found, the cocaine was found on the lobby floor.


There was a redacted section before the lobby four. It was a very small redaction. And then it switched completely, and they have pictures of it in a be in these cubbies in the west vegetable entrance. And I think that is ridiculous. That's, that's just completely, how can it be both the floor and inside a cubby. I think they did that to open it up to more trafficking, that that was a heav more heavily trafficked area. Well, in the cubby, You know, that, that what, what that's first of all, there's a lot going on there. One, if you're moving the position of it and then taking photos of it, you are, you're manipulating the evidence.


You're, you're, you're destroying a crime scene. Actually, the other thing is, If you put it in the cubbies for people who don't visit the West Wing or haven't done that, when you go in, they have little lockers that you can lock your cell phone in your personal belongings because for for most of the time, they just really don't want you to have your cell phone in all these various places in the West Wing so you can lock your phone up. And what that suggests to me, if somebody moved it from the floor to a cubby, what they're trying to convey is that it was an outsider that somebody who was visiting the White House brought it with them. Nobody in the administration, no family members of the Biden family. No, no, no. This was an outsider who was visiting the White House. So, so what you're telling us is that we were lied to about the location of the cocaine.


Well, it's completely disconnected. You have two documents saying two different things in their public statements, don't adhere, don't comport with the protective intelligence documents saying it was found on the lobby floor. Now I have people familiar with the situation trying to explain things to me inside with from within inside the Secret Service. But one of the main things I think it's critical, and I'm emphasizing this for a very good reason and I hope to be able to provide some clarity on this, is they are saying in their public statements all along that there was no camera surveillance, there was no camera footage.


So you mean to tell me there was no camera footage outside of that vestibule to watch people coming in and out? Well then that's a security problem in and of itself. I doubt that's true. I seriously doubt that there was no camera footage of either the vestibule where they said the cocaine was found and or the lobby floor where the protective intelligence division, who was one of the first people on the scene along with the DC fire department, they fe said it was found on the lobby floor. And the reporters at the time said, including myself, said that that lobby floor was in the East Wing, You know, that main lobby when you go into the front door of the White House.


So it is a discrepancy. Also, I have previous reporting saying that Kimberly Cheadle wanted to destroy the cocaine evidence and there was pushback from both the uniform division chief at the time, the acting Chief Richard McCauley and the forensic division chief, who was Glenn Dennis. And, but yet they did, there are documents saying that that cocaine was destroyed on the, around July 13th, there was just an 11 day, 10 day, 11 day investigation total. Okay, two quick questions. So just to clarify for me, which lobby floor was the cocaine found on East Wing or West Wing?


We don't, we don't know, but the Protective Intelligence division said lobby floor and the document has a little tiny redaction in front of it. Okay. So in, in the foy in the documents that I got from the Freedom of Information Act, actually it was Judicial watch who did the Freedom of Information Act and followed up on it and press the Secret Service. They didn't wanna provide these documents to get, get ahold of them. And so, And, and that cocaine was destroyed. They destroyed the, they, they, they got rid of the evidence, they quickly closed the investigation, destroyed the evidence, and said, we'll, just never know how it got there. Which is the most absurd investigation I've ever heard of.


And you said it was Kim Cheadle, the former FB the former Secret Service director who was pushing to have it destroyed. Remind me, who recommended Kim Cheadle for the job of Secret Service Director? Yeah, that's a very good point, VINCE. It was, she was handpicked by Jill Biden who got to know her when she was on the detail of the Vice president's detail. And she, Jill Biden was instrumental in getting her a job at PepsiCo too in between serving for Secret Service and becoming the director being brought in by when Biden became president to be the director. So she owes a lot to Jill Biden and the Biden family. Yeah. So that is a conflict of interest and that is a deep conflict of interest there.


And we know now what Jill Biden is capable of in terms of, of protecting and covering up the cognitive problems with, with her husband. So it it is, it raises a lot of questions in my mind. Yes. And there is, I I just seriously doubt that there is no surveillance footage of where this was found that I wanted stress completely because I believe that it exists. So if it exists, why are they telling time and time again on public statements that there was no camera surveillance? I don't think that makes sense. And if it, there was no camera surveillance, that is a security problem in and of itself.


So Kimberly Cheadle, there was this conflict that Kimberly Cheadle wanted this, the cocaine dis disposed of destroyed. And we do see from the documents that it looks like it was destroyed Yeah. In around July 13th. But I, my question is supposedly the forensic division chief and the uniform of division chief for pushing back on that, saying we have to hold this, there's a rule inside the Secret Service for five to seven years. Now, I'm being told by other sources, oh, well narcotics, we dispose of them. But what about the baggie that contains the narcotics? Does that include it in that narcotics disposal? Because there are also tubes of, in an envelope, a separate piece of evidence that has been preserved that those tubes carry DNA, the DNA, that supposedly the FBI found on the baggie.


So they are saying at the time, back when they issued public statements and closed the investigation very quickly within a 10, 11 days that there was insufficient DNA to get a match to run it by their criminal database at the FBI or the Secret Service. I am highly suspect of that statement. The FBI at the time, You know, was corrupted. We can we trust that the FBI wasn't involved in the coverup and couldn't find the DNA? That's a open question in my mind. Yes. And, and Dan Bino can go back and look at that and go interview the people that made that statement. I'm told there's a document out there saying there was insufficient FBI and that's what the Secret Service used to make that to termination.


I'm also told that there was a partial DNA hit on this baggie, but they decided that they didn't wanna run it against the people that they had the partial DNA hit. And that's, that's a forensic term that can mean a number of different things, but it can mean that they did find a blood relative that when they ran it against a, a criminal database that contains DNA samples from different criminals, different criminal acts. So yeah, we didn't know, we know we didn't find any fingerprints, but Dan, because of that key part, and I asked why Secret Service, why you have the capability to test for DNA and fingerprints, why did you hand it over the FBI?


From what I'm hearing from sources familiar with the investigation, they say that's because they wanted integrity. So they handed over the ability to, to to find the DNA and the fingerprints to the FBI. Well, we all know that the FBI was severely politicized at the time. Yes. Yeah. So, You know, You know, You know what you, what you just described about Kim Cheadle being Jill Biden's handpicked person. I should also remind people, Dr. Kevin O'Connor is a close family friend too. The White House physician who now stands very credibly accused of covering up the cognitive decline of Joe Biden during his presidency. So this is a, an ongoing theme with the Bidens. They, they control some of the most powerful people around them.


And then it just so happens that all of the most meaningful investigations and questions never get answered. So that's, that's been, that's been an unfortunate trend. I want, I I wanna talk to you about what's going on at the Secret Service. Now you've got some brand new information out. Great exclusive reporting on some of the Secret Service agents who are tasked with protecting Barack Obama getting into a physical altercation outside of his DC residence. Let me first play the phone call that you shared earlier this week. This is a radio call back from a secret service agent back to a supervisor calling for, well just take a listen Supervisor immediately before I whoop the girl's back Before I whoop this girl's ass.


That's one uniformed secret service agent talking about another. And then here's the video footage that you've shared this week, Susan Crabtree of these women fighting outside of a police cruiser shoving one another. It looks like there may be a third person involved here. What are we looking at? Yeah, we're looking at this, the senior aid officer, uniform division officer attacking, physically attacking the woman officer who came that was more junior to came to relieve her because she was, I'm told by sources familiar with it that she was late to, to provide a push what they call a push meaning some relief to her either for a break or for complete transition of shifts.


So, and also I'm told that she, that this, the senior agent officer was upset that the junior one brought a Dodge Durango, didn't bring the Dodge Durango, but brought a Ford Explorer. I mean, this is what is triggering this, the senior uniform division officer in a patrol that patrols the perimeter. They don't, the agents still protect Barack Obama, but this was in a patrol car outside at one of the checkpoints outside of the residence. Yep. This is what took place And it didn't take much to trigger this, this officer. So it it has all kinds of implications And it is raising new questions about whether the DEI policies of kimchi was very aggressive and under Barack Obama, both of those administrations, whether they're lingering at the Secret Service, whether director Sean Keran is cleaning them up.


Yes. And we need to hear about that. What, what's going on? These agents, these officers have been suspended. Well these officers are demonstrating obviously a, a lack of professionalism and discipline. And so that, that suggests to the outside viewer that they were hired for some other reason. You can't help but notice that they're women and that they're minorities. And so the question becomes, are they, were they hired on that basis rather than their ability to protect someone like a Secret Service protectee in the case of President Obama? That's exactly right. And there is, you should know that there was been a lot of turmoil questions, discussions in the Secret Service community about whether DEI played a role in the assassination attempt itself.


There was an agent who's still on the job named Rasheed Ellis, who came forward a few months ago and online and said, I reported on it at the time, I, I believe that DEI contributed directly to the assassination attempts and that he was personally passed over for a promotion. And he believed that quotas had a lot to do with that. And that promotion had to do with the, the drone division. He wanted to be in the drone division, which they were looking for people at the time to do. But they said, no, you can't do that. And then they passed him over for a promotion. So, and a woman received that promotion and he said that quote us had something to do with that.


Now that was a big admission, but there's also a DEI lawsuit that a number of agents are joining and should be hitting anytime soon in the next couple weeks. So I'm expecting that my sources are telling me that, and I have reported on that lawsuit as well. What, I'm sorry, what is the substance of the lawsuit? That, that the DEI police policies are hurting the Secret Service and actually hurt individual agents from getting their merit, merit-based promotions. Oh, I see. They were passed over because of considerations that had nothing to do with being good. A good Secret service agent. I got it. Yeah. That's, that is remarkable.


So Sean Koran is the, the new Secret service director. He was the head of President Trump's protective detail. He's seen famously in that photo standing over the president wearing his sunglasses as the president just emerged from being shot on July 13th of last year. The president in his loyalty to him, made him the head of the Secret Service, thinks he's the right guy for the job. But is he, according to your reporting, executing on the President's vision, is he cleaning up the Secret Service? Because this video that you're sharing with us is troubling? Yes. I think he is acted swiftly in this case. He put one of the person on a do not admit, that means she can't even, that everybody's on high alert.


If she showed us up at any secret service office that she's not allowed to come in. The non aggressor, the one that was responding to the physical attack was also suspended. But she's not on that, do not admit. So not as extreme. But I, I know for a fact that he, that chunk Keran has not given an all hands address to the Secret Service announcing reforms, giving a pep talk. And now Ron Row, the acting director, was appointed after Cheadle was basically pushed out after terrible testimony before Congress and after the assassination attempt in Butler. I do know that he's, he did, Ron Roe gave several pep talks.


It was a good effort. But Sean Kern that there's, there's, there's concern within the Secret Service that maybe he is making the reforms that are needed, but there's no communication about them. He's been focused on retention and he is been putting out a lot of videos that that costs millions of dollars. One for the Super Bowl that was produced by a Hollywood, big Hollywood producer. But so they having a se severe retention and hiring problem, manpower shortage at the Secret Service. So he, it's obviously been focused on that. We know that from these videos, but there's, there was severe problems at the Secret Service well before the assassination attempts. That just was sort of the, the mike use, they provided just sort of a glimpse of what was really going on the Secret Service.


There were three female officers that were in agents that were in charge of that site protection that day. And they're the ones that screwed up not having that line of sight, not having anybody on that a GR building. And they're bla trading blame. And I'm hearing that there is going to be some discipline for some of those agents involved. Not all of those agents, which is a concerning to me. But there, even before, just two months before, there was a woman attached to Kamala Harris's detail who had a mental ma breakdown at joint base Andrews, and I think you and I talked about that, VINCE on a radio show. And she, there was concerns back then that she was not properly vetted because she had filed lawsuit against the Dallas Police Department for gender discrimination.


Yeah. And usually that would be disqualifying for the Secret Service. I think there's a temptation among, among good people to, especially if you're tasked with leading an organization like that, to always be seen as supporting the agents. I stand with you, I work with you. But sometimes that temptation overrides the good sense to say, we need, we need to clean it up. We need to sort the, the wheat from the chaff here and make sure to support the right people in the agency. And If you do that, If you clean it up, that helps recruitment because people on the outside see it too. And then you get a lot more recruits. So I, I really hope they can clean up that agency. Before we let you go, Susan Crabtree, we've also got your book Fulls Gold, which about California and all of the, the warning signs that that state poses to the United States.


Tell us about it. Yeah, so we had, a lot of people have talked about California's, You know, policy problems. Obviously the pro failed progressive vision, but people haven't focused on the corruption that is so widespread in California. So that's what we do in this book. I work with Peter Schweitzer's group, my co-author is his top research director and one of them, and we did a lot of unveiling of what Gavin Newsom was up to, the problems with the, the poli, the political, the money windfall between the wildfires and Gavin Newsom. All the money he's taken from the utilities that caused the wildfires and his connections to China and why he was allowing, he formed a nonprofit that was specifically geared toward trying to get more, more than a hundred companies, Chinese companies into California.


But what were they getting into? What was California getting in return? A lot of intellectual property theft and criminals and gay, even gang members being allowed into California. And Gavin Newsom was getting his wine trademarked into China at the same time and actually served as a sommelier to the CCP and had a wine tasting for CCP officials in Beijing. I noticed the only time Gavin Newsom bothered to clean up the state is when the California delegation came. I mean, see the Chinese delegation came to visit. That was the only time they started cleaning everything up. It's, it is really remarkable. And, and I just saw it was Karen Bass, I think this week, the mayor there who just shared footage, images of the first houses finally being rebuilt in the Palisades.


And this is, it's gonna take forever. This is a state that is so inefficiently run. Do you get the impression that it's bad enough yet for the lefties who live there? Will they vote for someone else? I'm deeply concerned that Kamala Harris will be the next governor of California because there's such a divided field on the Democratic side and she has great reg name recognition. That's pretty much all she has. But unfortunately that California's is so lopsided in their voter registrations that people like Rick Richard Grinnell are trying to target conservatives and focus his, his nonprofit fixed California, trying to focus on registering more conservative voters.


'cause there's a whole swath of people that don't even vote in California. Yeah. Yeah. So that's the only strategic plan I've seen so far to, to sort of prevent the next governor from being Kamala Harris. Yeah. And, and also just while we're on the issue deport the illegals too, there's a lot of, a lot of illegals in the state and I saw there's some good news this week that Christine Nome and Steven Miller are pushing for even more. And for what it's worth, I've got Tom Homan on the program tomorrow. The borders are, will be joining me. Susan Crabtree, real clear politics. Congratulations on all your great reporting. Thank you. And I can't wait to see what you do next. Thank you so much, VINCE. It's great to be out with you. Great to talk to you. That's Susan Crabtree with important information telling us to stay on guard guard for the next 24 to 48 hours as she's got more information coming on the, the Big Cocaine saga from the Biden administration.


Boy, that was, what a great conversation. 'cause she's, she's great. Susan k Crabtree's really great and you're great. Thank you for being here as always.


Thank you for checking in on a Vita's great program each morning rumble.com/avita. She's, she's wonderful. Haley Caria, absolutely crushing it with the nightly scroll. I just work with great people and, and you should check out their product if you're not already doing it every day religiously you should be.


Thank you very much as always for being here. What a great time. And thank you again to those of those of you. I ran into it Metallica last night in the DC area. That was a blast. What a blast we had. Okay, stay with me. I've got the radio show coming up, 12 to three Eastern time every day. That's on rumble.com/ VINCE and I appreciate you for being here today. I'm back with you on Friday.