
Get ready to hear the truth about America On a show that ISS not Immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Justin just committed to one of the, the cardinal sin of the show. We have this thing, you gotta mute my ear or else I hear feedback. So Michael's job in the checklist is to make sure it's muted. So we always joke it has to be an odd number. So Michael's like, is it triple muted? Because then it'll be muted, unmuted, and then unmuted again. Justin says it's quadruple muted. No, that means it's not muted and I'm Well, it's like doing a 360. You right back where you start, you gotta do a 180 2, 1 and two separate places. No, no, no. That you're, you know, no, you gotta go back.


I know you're wrapping up school, but you better go take a math class today, man. Do we got a lot to talk about. The Dan Bonino deputy Director appointment meltdown on the in the media continues, which is like nothing I've seen in a while. It is, I know you're all watching. So, hello. And they're confused as to some of them. Why I am doing my show still. Why would you be confused? I have a job. The job has to wind down. This isn't anything. Would you prefer I just take the spot while I have contractual obligations elsewhere? 'cause I'm pretty sure that's a violation of government ethics rules.


I really p the media response is, it's incredible. And especially from some of the people who were on the wrong side of just about every major story, how they speak with such certainty about my character and what I've done, although I've never met most of these people, is bizarre. Your political opinions are to absolutely be respected. Okay? Freedom of the press, you do your thing. But it's incredible how much insight they claim to have into who I am, despite never having met me or having zero experience with me in a professional environment at all. None. But we'll cover that and I will talk about the future of the show. I've got some some real great news for you guys.


I promised you we were gonna leave you with something special and I will.


Healthcare in America has turned into a complicated mess. You should be able to protect yourself and your family without jumping through hoops. That's exactly why all family pharmacy offers a no hassle way to get the medications you need. Just complete the form online. A licensed doctor provides the prescription and your meds shipped fast right to your door. Ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, emergency antibiotics or other essential medications. You've got it. No more fighting the system for the treatments you want. And let's be real, the last several years showed us exactly why you can't rely on insurance companies to have your back. If you wanna be prepared for whatever comes next. Stock up now before the next crisis hits. That's why I use all Family pharmacy. They step up when the system fails. You get help today by taking control of your health. Go to all family pharmacy.com/bonino, use code bonino 10 for 10% off your order. Don't wait until you need it. Stock up now. That's all family pharmacy.com/bonino code bonino 10. All family pharmacy and its products are not intended as substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider.


All right, fellas, another big show today, folks. I'm just gonna come out right away and give you again, the bottom line up front, which I do all the time. The last show podcast for me, for my show. Not any of our other shows. Avita Hailey Caria, which is coming very soon. And another surprise for you, the last Dan Bongino Show, because I have to separate myself. Obviously ethics rules. I hope you understand legally I've been on the phone with lawyers and everyone else getting this.in the i's crossing t's, making sure it's done right is going to be March 14th. So I hope until then we can have a, we can have a good time together.


And I'm just gonna say briefly to my critics out there, I obviously have always said this, by the way, have we not, fellas, I respect your right and freedom of the press and your freedom to speak out. I respect it in ironclad way, but I don't have to agree with you. And the critics here, some of 'em, they, they write the same hit piece over and over. It's, it's unbelievable. Can you write something new? It's amazing how the same lines has promoted theories. Can you cite them? Because it seems like our theories were correct about what happened with the weaponization of government. Why do you think I I chose to accept this position to bring us back to constitutional moorings and a republic and a nonpartisan, non weaponized system.


You know, the, the hit pieces are at this point almost laughable. The hysteria that set in as if you think I'm like you, it really is one of those psychology 1 0 1 projection moments where I think you're so used to using these non-partisan, non-partisan, let me say a third time nonpartisan positions for political purposes, that you're stunned that someone like me who's actually done a non-partisan job in a non-partisan way, would choose to take a job like that. I, I know that surprises you, but you don't know anything about me. And it's, it's just, I, I mean, where we're sitting here and we, we, we, we were cutting clips of the, the worst media meltdowns to this.


And we, we didn't even know which ones to put in the show. They just, one is worse than the other one of on the hysteria level. So a couple of things. The last show will be March 14th. We, I, I don't want to get all, you know, I, I've already turned in my man card four or five times and we've got a couple weeks left with you to enjoy the Bonino family here. And I want to enjoy it with you. And thank you, by the way, for the everyone in the chat. I really appreciate it. You, you guys, UCCI, love you, Dan, the man. Love you guys too. I really appreciate it. You guys actually melted down the chat yesterday.


So what's the future? What is it gonna look like going forward? This portfolio of shows we have, because first folks, again, we fought a lot of tough battles together. And we've, we've won some or we've lost some, but we've been through a lot. And I'm not gonna leave you without high quality content. We've always had this production company, this production company, whether it involved books, whether it involved movie projects, whether it involved the podcast, the business side was always run by Paula, my wife. Paula has been a rock. She has been, I don't think you guys even understand the depth of how involved she was in building out this media, whatever empire. I don't wanna sound self-congratulatory, but she's gonna be taking over as president of the new company.


And the new company will be divorcing itself from me and my business interests because of obvious ethics rules. The new company is going to be called Silver Lock. Silver Lock, LOCH. Where did we get that name? While my wife and I when we lived in Maryland, and at least for now while it's still up, you see the next evolution there. Silver Lock Dan Bongino Show. We have the early edition with Avita, the nightly scroll with Haley Carina. You're gonna love it. Stand firm, speak loud and lead boldly silver lock.com. Silver OC h.com is the website. We'll be run by Paula who is already, she's just transitioning to President now from her prior position where she was pretty much running day to day, no matter what, where's the silver lock story come from?


Short story. When we lived in Maryland, there was this beautiful house we wanted to buy so badly and we didn't have a lot of money. I was working on a government salary and I didn't have a ton of cash, but we wanted this house so bad. The, the, the killer thing about this house, and pun intended, is when we looked at it, it was a train wreck inside and there was blood on the floor. Something had happened in this house, like, I don't know, Amityville Horror style. We didn't care. We loved it so much, we just couldn't afford it. And we never bought the house. And it was on Silver Lock Courts somewhere in Maryland. And that became our, our kind of our synonym for Dreams Silver Lock. We wanted to own that house. So we bought the name a long time ago. We've been always looking to transition away from making it bonino centric about me to about everyone.


So Silver lock.com is going to be our new umbrella brand for everything, folks. We gotta, you know, you gotta understand Andrew Bre, Bart was right. Politics is downstream of culture and culture shapes everything. Culture shapes everything. And that is our goal here. So here's what's gonna happen going forward. These shows will continue. We are going to get a guest host. I will leave the surprise. We're working on this person right now. We're very excited. A very, very, very talented individual. We are hoping to seal this deal soon. The guest host will be in, in this specific time slot while I'm gone. It'll be run by Paula. We're expanding, we're scaling, we are, the company is not gonna be shrinking.


It's gonna be divorced for me, but we're setting the foundation for something that'll last. We'll have some big announcements coming soon. So please, please keep watching. And we put together, we were working all weekend. Thank you to the team. Paula first, of course, Tyler, Daniel, jp, Julian, Gavin, Dustin, thank you for the whole team. We've been putting a ton of work into making this transition away from me and into this new business I have to separate from. So I hope you enjoy this. We put this a little, it's just about a minute video we put together for you to launch our new production production company here under Paula's guidance as president. So check this out. Do you understand? They've told us what to believe, what to Do.


You understand? They've told us what to believe, what to accept and what we can't say, but we know the truth. Our values endure. Good. People must stand up and create in every corner of culture. We don't chase trends. We set them because culture shapes everything. And if we don't shape it, something else will. This is a place where the truth is told, where convictions are lived out. This is Silver lock. I hope you guys like it. We've been working really hard.


Thank you to the team. When I say working almost without sleep, Paula and the team and Tyler's crew, they have the social handles. If you wanna follow the new entity on Facebook, it's Silver Lock. Again, it's LOCH at the end. Silver common spelling, silver lock on Instagram. It's Silver Lock Media. And on X it's Silver Lock Media as well. We'll get you a true social handle as soon as we can as well. So all exciting news. I appreciate you guys tolerating all this logistics stuff, but you've been loyal members of this show and listeners for a long time. I'm not gonna leave you guys alone, I promise. So a a a couple of things to, again, I just wanna address my, my critics out there.


You know, I'll say first, you know, freedom of the press is inviable, but you know, freedom to be ridiculous. That's yours. And you don't have to take us up on all the time. You really should try writing something different. You're not gonna impact my career decisions at all. Not a little bit. I'm used to being attacked. But you are a journalist. So you should bedrock yourself in some semblance of fact. You don't know me, you've never met me. And if you're gonna write the same piece over and over again, just put like in appendix, like a piece one, one a, one B, it's getting kind of ridiculous for the attacks. Like, hey, how does he still doing his show? Because I have a job. I actually work for a living.


This is a show, a show that is supported by advertisements. There was a guy in the Washington Post who wrote an ad stunned that we have advertisers. And I thought to myself, does the Washington Post subsist solely on subscriptions because they have advertisers? Do you not know how this works? Are are, are you unclear about how a podcast radio show works? It is free because advertisers pay to speak to the audience. We have contracts. I can't believe I'm explaining this to media people. The government has very specific ethics rules, which I plan on complying with to the letter and is costing me a fortune to do it. Not a sob story, just a fact.


You can't just sign up for the government while you are under contract. I cannot believe we have to explain this to people. This is what like journalists you would think they would understand and they do. They just play dumb. I have to wind the show down. We can't just walk away tomorrow from business partners who we were, we had contracts with and say, Hey, see ya. And then to our audience, Hey, thanks for the memory. See ya, Jack. That's not the way I work again. They're called ads. Are you unaware of this business model? I I, you know, I'll, I'll I'll wrap this part of it up here, but how would you suggest we handle it again that we go and swear in while we're under contract to a private entity?


Then you would write the opposite article. Tampa Barto violates ethics rules and doesn't break his contract. You understand how these people work. The show will continue as it always has until March 14th. Understanding fully, I, my job is to be a political opinion maker. My job after that is not to be a political opinion maker. It's to hold my political opinions to myself like I did my last job and do the nonpartisan important work of keeping the homeland safe. Again, I know you guys don't understand that. My harshest of critics out there, how you can go into a job like this and put your politics aside. I do. I did it before under two democratic administrations who I couldn't have disagreed with more politically.


The guys put this together last night. The media reaction to my selection as deputy director of the FBI was, I don't know what to call it. Hyperbolic, hysterical. And I don't mean hysterical in a funny way. I mean hysterical. Like is this for real? Is this even? It's so out there. Like my gosh, we got a guy with political opinions and government. I know that never happens at all. Really. He was the M-S-N-B-C Morning Joe crew. This is again, just indicative of what you're gonna see over and I want you to listen. They all have the same exact talking points.


It's not gonna affect or impact my career choices in any way at all. I promise you check this out, Is that President Trump announced that former Fox News personality, Dan Bonino will be second in command to lead the FBI. This is the latest, a series of Trump's controversial picks for high profile law enforcement roles. Trump named Bonino as Deputy FBI director yesterday to note that job is traditionally held by a career FBI agent. In fact, this belief, this is the first time a political appointee got that post. He is a former secret service agent at NYPD officer. Though he has never served in the FBI as a pro-Trump podcaster, he has advanced a number of baseless theories about the bureau.


He is set to lead the appointment does not require Senate confirmation, but it's already receiving real backlash. Here's how one former FBI official reacted to Bon Gino's new role saying in part quote, this is really concerning Any hope that cash, meaning cash bill, the FBI director could be steered by having experienced leaders around him is out the window. We now have two conspiracy theorists and election deniers running our premier law enforcement and intelligence agency that is beyond problematic. I'm sorry, I'm writing this down because they get, this is the least of the hysterical. I just, they what they did, the, the fellas here, what they did is they graded up the hysteria with each one.


So we've got three more, so don't go anywhere. But I'd i'd, I'd be remiss if I didn't address it. 'cause you're gonna hear these points over and over. What exactly is the conspiracy theory? You know, it's fascinating. I'm not even gonna name my books 'cause I'm not, I I'm really, I don't care. I don't wanna sell you anything. I'm not even interested. I, I assume they're referring to my books about the collusion hoax and the spying scandal. But the fascinating thing about my books is they're footnoted and end noted extensively with their own reporting. You can look at it, you can actually read the books yourself and you'll find out that, oh, there may have been a conspiracy.


There's nothing in the book that's theoretical. You notice how they never cite what they're talking about. Or when they do, they leave it in bird's eye view stuff because they know if they get down to the granular, they're gonna be exposing their role in what they call a conspiracy theory, which was no theory at all. Second election Deni fellas, have we ever denied an election happened? Election happened? I, I don't know what election deni means. No, I i I really don't. I I know what you think it means, but election deni means we're denying an election. Is that what that mean? Or so wait, election denier to you in the media is what?


That I question the outcome of an election in 2020, which I stand by like Hillary Clinton, Stacey Abrams, Maxine Waters. You want me to list like 10 or 15 other Democrats? So we need to play the video of Democrats questioning every election they've lost. Are they election? Oh no, they're not election deniers. You see how this journalism field works now? Hey, freedom of the press is Inviable. Listen to me. I actually believe in my oath in the constitution when I take it. But you also have the freedom to be ridiculous and calling us names. Me and cash like election denier when we've never denied an election.


And I don't speak for cash, I speak for me. I stand by my content. The New York Times themselves in 2012. Look it up. Wrote a piece by Adam Liptak questioning the efficacy of mail-in ballots. Look it up yourself. Was he an election denier too? Notice how the standards or no standards at all, you, I mean you gotta smile a little bit at the, again, the total meltdown. How they have no problem appointing the hardest of partisans to any position they feel like. Then you get a guy like me who's actually got a non-partisan history doing the same kind of professional work and all of a sudden they're freaking out.


What evidence do we have? He can act in a non-partisan matter. I don't know the fact that he did in his last job. I don't know. I don't know. Quick break and we'll graduate up here in meltdown mode. Nicole Wallace in shock over this or feign shock and weirdly notices how I dress on the set. Kind of strange. Kind of strange. Hey,


how well do you sleep at night with peace of mind can come from knowing your family's prepared for anything. My Patriot Supply is one of America's most trusted names in emergency preparedness. It's offering a limited time discount on their bestselling three month emergency food kit. It's not your typical survival food. Each kit provides over 2000 calories, 100% of the recommended value of essential vitamins and minerals daily for 90 days with delicious meals and extras including chicken, beef, fruits and vegetables. We're talking quality meals that last up to 25 years in storage and still taste home cooked. The pandemic taught us how quickly store shelves can empty. So don't wait for the next crisis. Your three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply includes free shipping, a disaster replacement warranty, and 24 7 USA based support, especially discounts available for a limited time only. So visit my patriot supply.com now to help secure your family's future with a $100 discount. If you order by 3:00 PM they'll ship your order within the same day so you have peace of mind right away. Go to my patriot supply.com. That's my patriot supply.com.


Oh my gosh, fellas, that was an ad. Do you believe it? That is so crazy. An ad and a show that runs ads. Nobody does that. Nobody, they've never seen that before, right? You guys have never seen that, right? M-S-N-B-C-C-N-N, there's definitely no ads in the Washington Post, right? I'm sorry. Okay, here's a Jim, this is Nicole Wallace over at M-S-N-B-C. Again as a problem with I guess my T-shirts. Okay, Nicole, I'll share a laugh with you on that one. I'm from Queens. Everything runs a little small in Queens. I dunno if there's something in the water, obviously it'd be wearing a suit and tie so it look a little different. But I found it kind of odd that that's the one thing you'd notice.


Really strange. Check this out. Hmm. The conspiracy varies. The outrage, the tightness of the T-shirts, all of it surely floats Donald Trump's boat and his music to his ears. It's likely part of the very essence of the reason he was selected did, but the job of deputy director of the FBI, the United States of America is a serious job that affects every person living here, people around the world. It's the kind of job that has to be done well by whomever does it. If the bureau stands any chance of actually catching real bad guys. Ah, okay.


Yes, you're right. I know very little about catching real bad guys. Folks bragging about your own resume is tasteless and it's loser material. I'm hesitant to even mention this. Is Nicole Wallace aware of what I actually did before? Why am I asking stupid questions of co? Of course she is, I don't know, four years with the NYPD to his a cadet and the pattern identification module. Even, you know, investigating pattern criminals in Queens, New York, one of the boroughs, two years as a police officer in the seven five precinct, which anybody, anyone in the chat hear from the seven five precinct.


You wanna tell everyone how busy the seven five precinct in Eastern New York, Brooklyn was anyone in the chat wanna educate them? Then I left and went to the United States Secret Service where I went to the New York field office, then transferred to the Melville office on Long Island where I worked on a financial crimes task force. And you know what's really crazy? I work with guys from this three letter agency called the FBI. I'd give you their names, but it would be totally inappropriate. They had a L ira, long Island Resident Agency, they were on the task force and we worked a case that was so big. We actually got an award from the Department of Justice. Matter of fact the United States attorney, his name was actually Stephen King.


Yes. Like the writer. Isn't that ironic? Who later went on to work at DHS, it was a hundred million dollars plus credit card fraud case that had a nexus to terrorism. I'm sure Nicole knows a lot about that. Then I left to be an instructor at the Secret Service Training Academy. You guys are never gonna believe what I taught. If I ever told you this, I haven't because who really gives a about my resume, right? You know what I taught at the Secret Service Academy? And I encourage you to check this out guys. There's like a FOIA call, the Secret Service. Give them permission, right? To, to put all this out there. I taught criminal investigations for two years. So weird.


What would I know about criminal investigations? I don't know. I taught them outside of, I had no idea. And then I left to go to the Dignitary protective division and then I left to go to presidential protection on presidential protection. I protected Republicans and Democrats and was one of about 25 guys on the president's detail who were qualified to do lead advances. And then I left and went to the Baltimore Field office where we cracked the fraud case so big it was on the cover of the Baltimore Sun. You could just look that up. Baltimore Sun, Dan Bonino. Nicole doesn't want to, she's happy content sitting behind a desk criticizing. See, I actually do, and Nicole has the right, the absolute right to criticize as a citizen of the United States first, but she is in the media and I've always said and will continue to always say, I respect that.


And she has the right when I get in the FBI and swear in both Cash Patel and I to critique whatever she wants. But that doesn't make what you say, right? Correct. Or even remotely attached to reality. Sorry for the resume folks, but I've never said that to you on the air. And I encourage anyone out there in the media to go and request from the Secret Service or the NYPD my personnel records have at it. And you'll see what I'm telling you is 100% accurate. So if you're gonna say, I have no experience with criminal investigations, I ask you to just try to be a journalist for a minute and back that up with receipts like we do on this show, it got worse.


Here is Andrew McCabe, who is a featured actor. I don't wanna go in my book. And many of them, Andrew McCabe had the job. I'll be taking his deputy director. He was quite upset on, on CNN. Unsurprisingly, given what I've written about, and you can read it yourself, I'm proud of what we put together on it. So check this out. Well, I'm stunned. I think Brianna, in the same way that I would expect most FBI people current and former are are really shocked. I've heard from many of them in the last 24 hours. And, and this, this departure from 117 years of, of history and tradition is really remarkable.


Not because it's historic and that's a reason for continuing, but because the demands of the job are so unique, they are so, so broad of such immense scope and responsibility that it takes people an entire career, 15, 16, 17, 18 years before typically they're ready to fill this role. So a deep understanding of the FBI its mission, how it accomplishes that mission, the different tools that are to that to be used, the capabilities of the workforce, all those things go into it. So bring in someone who has no connection to that whatsoever is really stunning and dangerous. I would add None whatsoever.


Zero connection to it whatsoever. Folks, listen, given the responsibility I've taken on right now being inappropriate at this point to go into a long diatribe about Andrew McCabe's role in damaging the reputation of the finest law enforcement institution in the world. But I just encourage you to look it up and you'll see for yourself what his quote expertise got him. It's, by the way, we have a great comment from the lovely Paula who will now be the president of this new enterprise silver lock.com. She says, like Nicole, Dan, I've always noticed your t t-shirts too. Thank you. Well, in that case, I appreciate that the lovely Miss Paula President Paula Bino, who is just transitioning to a new role, guys, they're at least they're using, you know, the old boss save is the new boss, right?


She's just gonna be taking over in a bigger role. Now here's a, this is glorious Brian Stelter, he is back commenting on CNN. Brian was really, I guess, unhappy about this. And I want you again to see how the talking point went out. Conspiracy theory without actually describing in any depth or journalistic with any journalistic integrity whatsoever. What the theory is, that's a conspiracy. And the election denier thing, which is so ridiculous, I don't even know how to describe it. I am allowed as a citizen of the United States and a political opinion maker in my current role to question the outcome of an election.


So are you, here's Stelter. This is the best one. Check this out. So this is not someone who's, you know, just out there, you know, you know, gently promoting the Trump agenda. No, he is an incendiary figure. Someone, as the New York Times said, a misinformation super spreader. And that makes you think about as he comes into the FBI, how will he perform? What reality will he acknowledge? What reality will he recognize in this job? It's No small thing. I mean, just think about the sentence you just said, Brian. What reality will he acknowledge while serving as the number two at the largest and most important federal law enforcement agency in the land? And he will share it with Cas Patel.


I mean these, these are two men who are very much ideological equals they are, you know, they're kind of, they are doing this together. And now we know what the team is, what this is going to be. I love how they show the picture of me with the shirt. Don't feed the hipsters is I think of all the, of all the, and they show me smiling. Like I, I'm a like the happy warrior I am. I mean, is it supposed to be a hit piece? I love s steals. So this is not what a, look at that. Don't feed the hipsters, Check it out. You see that? That's a real shirt folks. It's not I was that from, I think it's from Lucky or something like that. I think Paula bought me that shirt. Don't feed the hipsters.


Kind of funny. They pick that one, that big tattoo on me too. And you're gonna get rid of that one day. That thing's getting bad. But Tels adjectives to describe me are hilarious. So this is not someone who's, you know, just out there, you know, You know he's incendiary, incendiary folks. Should we pull the flames? Is there, can you put the flames in the background? Can we do that or, I know we've reserved it for special occasions. Yeah, I know the background. So just a quick story. I know I gotta take a break, but I don't wanna boy you this, but we are, I mean the new studio's done like done, done, really done. But gee and the team are training. We don't wanna get in there. And then it's a lot of new technology and then the show melts down live. So this TV behind us, if you watch the Rumble Show on the radio, has been melting down like every hour.


So he is like, I, he's like no flames. The, the TV may actually go on fire if we, because we're not gonna fix it. We're outta here in a couple days. So, sorry, I don't mean to sound soupy, but we're not buying a couple thousand dollars tv. But it's been freaking out. He's really afraid it hit the flames. Like the thing may actually go up in flames. There's a fire extinguisher. Imagine that on the show. You think we got a lot of viewers now that would be crazy. Inid in Sydney. I, I'm And Stelter says I'm insidious. Yeah, I, whatever. I mean you know these of course they're gonna say that I, you guys do your thing. I get it. But I am my own voice until March 14th, which will be our last show. And again, I have a job.


I know Brian Stelter and others can't fathom how a guy with strong political feelings like me who airs them in a show can swear in oath to put that aside. That's your problem. That's not mine. I did it before. I will proudly do it again. Take a quick break, couple more and then an interesting video from Benny Johnson's show an FBI whistleblower who I know who interesting here. I saw this yesterday when the guys played it for me. I said, you know what? Let's throw that in the show. Quick break here.


The average person today is feeling the financial strain. Now more than ever, expenses are up, wages aren't keeping pace. So many people are finding it nearly impossible to make ends meet with little leftover. After covering the basics, it's no surprise that many are resorting to credit card just to get by. Often carrying high balances and interest rates in the twenties or even the thirties. If you're a homeowner and you're stuck in this cycle, amounting debt, you need to call American financing. Their salary-based mortgage consultants are saving homeowners an average of $800 a month, helping you put your hard-earned money back where it belongs. Plus, if you act now, you may be able to skip your next mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, cost you nothing to find out how much you could save each month. It's time to break free from the stress of debt. Call American financing today and take control of your financial future. The number's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 68, 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or visit them online, it's at.net. Address american financing.net NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


And our last sponsor today is Beam. I've been working with Beam for years, so me introduced you to another one of their great products Beam's. Dream capsules. Dream Capsules contain the same great ingredients that come together to help bring you your best night's sleep. Guaranteed Beam is proudly found that in America and run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. It's a science-backed nighttime blend packed with ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream as a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athene, Apogen and melatonin. It's helped improve over 17 and a half million nights of sleep, helping people across the country wake up and feel their best. Here's the deal, Beam is giving show listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 47% off. Try their bestselling dream capsules, get up to 47% off for unlimited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout, that's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 47% off support in American company. Invest in yourself and get a good night's sleep. Thank you Beam, we appreciate it.


Just a couple more posts. Chris Murphy, Democrats. Senator says, Trump is now spitting in the face of Senate Republicans 'cause he knows he owns them. Ban Gino's career is conning people that the Dems are a safety threat and selling them junk to prep for war. Do we have any war advertisements in the show today? Justice says we do next. Battlefield war.com I, I don't know what he's talking about. Yeah, I'm not really right. I'm not really sure. Owning the libs is a lifestyle. He says we got a lot of traction outta that. A lot of people still report it. The new FBI, deputy Director everyone.


Thank you Senator, appreciate that. And Adam Schiff, Adam Schiff with a storied history of telling the truth. Of course, selecting another right wing fox person. Is he aware I don't have the show on Fox anymore, I'm just curious Senator. I'm not there anymore. And internet troll. You guys get this internet troll Dan Bonino as Deputy FBI director. It means two things. So Adam Schiff's laying it out, Trump installs another loyalist. I am loyal to the constitution of the United States and that's why President Trump picked me So loyalist Yeah. To the Constitution. I think he misses that. Who won't say no to any immoral or unethical act any the more, right.


Exactly. See now you're thinking that's, I dunno how he knows that I'm, I'm unsure. And our law enforcement agencies are further degraded. So there you go. There's some of the latest commentary on this selection. But moving on, Benny Johnson had an interesting guest on his, on his show. He is been having a lot of success with it. Benny had an FBI whistleblower on and they were talking about this specific thing and I took a look at it yesterday on, on on x and interesting commentary to say the least. But check this out, Is that there, there are FBI servers that are sort of standalone and people inside the FBI have been working night and day to destroy files on these servers.


And I was told that once these files are destroyed, the way they are set up, that even Elon Musk could not restore them. So you see why President Trump and Attorney General Bonde, again, these, these are allegations like anything else, but Attorney General Bonde and FBI, director Patel, along with people throughout government and Donald Trump, president Donald Trump selected appointed positions are very concerned with people losing TR trust and faith in institutions. Folks, these allegations are everywhere. It's where the U-S-A-I-D story came from as well. Just the news Before it was shuttered, U-S-A-I-D routed funds to Soros aligned causes terrorists and drag queens folks, again, I I I, the liberal narrative lately has been billionaires are really terrible, awful people.


We hate Elon Musk. It's kind of fascinating that when it comes to allegations about other billionaires, as long as the politics align, they seem to be just akay with all of this stuff. Here's Brianna Morello, who I recommend a follow on X that does some really fascinating reporting. Has an exclusive there that the TSA under Joe Biden focused on speeding up checkpoints for illegal aliens without IDs, not national security. Wait, keep this up a second because the guys in eye of all the stories today, this is the one I think elicited the most interest with these guys. Imagine this, you're going, you gotta take your shoes off, throw your perfume out. I had a small jar of peanut butter one time. 'cause I like natural peanut butter to eat when I'm hungry.


I had to throw that out. You have to chuck all that stuff out. Yet Brianna notes in the tweet that during the Biden administration expediting TSA security checkpoints took precedents over national security concerns. They were UI mean, the acceptable ID documents apparently for you are not the same for people who had violated our immigration laws. There is a two-tiered system in this country, but you're not on the side of it. That's winning. Elon, of course, has become the subject of just projection again. So yesterday was kind of my turn in the media media meat grinder where they all had to take their shots with their election denier conspiracy theory.


Ridiculous bullet points, right? But Elon, who was a hero to the left for a long time when Elon and his companies practically reinvented the car market space travel, all of a sudden Elon is public enemy number one, folks this Elon sent out with the Doge and this department of government efficiency. It wasn't from Elon directly, the Department of Government efficiency. So we're clear. Our government employees, folks, the president of the United States has the power to appoint people. He is the unitary executive. The powers in article two are vested. I can't say this enough, you have a constitution at home. Take a look at it now in a president, read what the constitution says.


A president, not many presidents, not a president in the bureaucracy. All of the executive powers are vested in quote, a president. If the president as the commander in chief and head of the executive office of the president, because he's the president, chooses a group of government employees, the Doge people. And they then implement his agenda and they ask a simple question via email. Some departments have chose I involved in national security and others, some of, but the, the freak out over this thing was completely not commensurate. All he asked was, what'd you do, became kind of the subject of some really funny stuff.


Jesse Waters had a good bit on this last night. It's kind of funny, Jesse listed out the five things. He did promote Dana's book. It was pretty hilarious. But here is A-A-C-N-N-C-N-N bid here and woman seems quite upset about this email. Check this out. First, Just tell us about this email and what it was like receiving it and what you all have talked about after getting it. Sure. I got this email Saturday afternoon about 3:00 PM and I felt absolutely infuriated getting this email with a demand within 48 hours to provide a response in what I did within the last week or face termination.


This is clearly an attempt from Elon Musk to harass and bully and intimidate the federal workforce, which is part of his broader plan to gut the federal workforce and privatize public sector services to ensure that corporations like his own can get more profit. And that makes me really angry, my coworkers as well. So I'm just, I'm still getting emails from media folks and this is from Aiden McLaughlin at Media. I do, I've known for a while we haven't had the best relationship. He is asking me, am I gonna continue hosting my radio show while serving? No, absolutely not.


They're very strict government ethics rules prohibiting me being employed by someone else. It's cost us a lot of time and effort over the weekend to get this done. The only reason I'm still hosting the show now is I owe it to my audience. I'm just gonna walk away from them. I gotta wind it down. And secondly, we have contracts. And if I respect our program directors and our audience enough and people who pay for the show to keep it free to not just walk away from them. Believe me, folks, I would love, I'm really excited about this opportunity, super excited about this opportunity. I'd love to take it tomorrow, but that's the easy thing, not the right thing to do. I'm sorry to keep bringing this up, but it's, it's incredible how some people in the meeting don't even understand basic government ethics rules.


I don't understand what they would like me to do, swear in tomorrow with a bunch of ethical conflicts that would cause headaches. You'd be writing stories about that. It, it, you know, this kind of feeds into this segment and I didn't even intend it that way. It seems like, you know, with the, with with media people, there's two different sets of rules. Sometimes. When Bill Clinton, Al Gore and Barack Obama spoke Democrats, of course all of them, two presidents and one candidate spoke at length about government efficiency, task forces to clean up government efficiency. They were lauded by the media. Look, the Democrat party, big government's good, but we gotta make it leaner and meaner.


Donald Trump, Elon Musk and the Doge are doing nothing different. And the hysterical commentary over this put out the tweet about the, about people being fired it. You guys had no problem on the left whatsoever. When people in the military, people in the FBI, people in law enforcement, people all throughout government at the state, federal, and local level, were fired for not taking the Covid vaccine. 10,000 tens of thousands of hardworking Americans and in the private sector too got laid off the media for the vaccine or let go. Media was crickets on it.


Here's Elon's another tweet by Elon Muskie. Here's what the email looked like for those of you. And again, it's not Elon, it's the Doge. But please reply to this email with approximately five bullet points of what you accomplished and cc your manager. He knows that the bold letters, please do not send any classified information, links or attachments. Guys, folks in the chat, I'm just kind of curious. Don't you have performance evaluations and simple things like this in your job? Is, are, are, are folks out there who are harshly criticizing Donald Trump to trying to make, for trying to make government more efficient? Are you seriously suggesting that there shouldn't be performance evaluations or even a basic question about here, Bubba 48.


Yes. Mountain man one Yes. Red State deplorable. Yeah, of course you have. We may melt the chat again every year all he would ask for was five things. Here was the great transportation secretary who we love, Aida's father, secretary Sean Duffy, Mr. President, here's the five things I did. And he list out pretty substantive things. Even Secretary Duffy's in on it. Oh man, it's here. Was President Trump by the way, for those in, in, in, in the media trying to pressure President Trump to not make government more efficient and run at least like some semblance of the business with cost controls and thinking they were gonna get him to back off.


I noticed a narrative in the media this morning suggesting we've got Elon in a corner. Now, i i I don't know what corner you think you have anybody in, but the co the, the, the, the the the country's demand and, and, and, and taste for government efficiency is there. You are missing this. Here's Donald Trump yesterday with Emmanuel Macron in the oval backing up Elon on this effort. Check this out. There was That email telling employees to give five things that they've done last week. Agency had been told people to Ignore it. You talking about the last email that was sent where he wanted to know what you did this week? You know why he wanted that by the way? I thought it was great because we have people that don't show up to work and nobody even knows if they work for the government.


So by asking the question, tell us what you did this week, what he's doing is saying, are you actually working? And then if you don't answer like you're sort of semi fired or you're fired because a lot of people are not answering because they don't even exist. They're trying to, that's how badly various parts of our government were run by, and especially by this last group. Here's Winnie 5, 2 5 in the Chad. We do this all the time. And folks, none of this is under Getty 27 quarterly. I mean, you realize, you understand, even liberals understand this happens all the time. Correct.


You know, one of the things I keep telling you about Trump too, president Trump is very few people. The man's political skills and his ability to walk in a room are like nothing I've ever seen before. Now I'm gonna draw a comparison. I don't want you to to to kind of revolt in horror, but I've seen something similar but not as good as President Trump. His ability to, the guy has an immense amount of charisma. He just does. When I first got on the job as a young agent, bill Clinton was in office. Obviously I, you know, disagree with a lot of his politics.


I think that's fairly obvious, giving him a political opinion show, which has shocked the media just discovering that by the way. But Bill Clinton had a way to do that too. I, you know, remember being in a Holden room and there was guys that were Republicans and I don't know what they were, businessmen or politicians or whatever, and they were like, we're you going to talk to him when he comes in here? And they were, you know, wagging their fingers and the minute he walked in, Hey buddy. They were like, well, you know what, this is Bill Clinton. I may not agree with him, but I get it. Like he just had these guy used to sweat charisma. You know, Donald Trump has that, I mean, to a degree algorithmically higher than Bill Clinton did. So there's this whole big schism right now with nato, the European Union, Russia, Ukraine, you know, Donald Trump laying down the law saying, Hey eu, you guys at the European Union, you guys are right there.


You better take on a bigger role in NATO because you guys are, we're risking a lot more here money-wise and assets wise, but you guys are right there. It's right in your backyard. So you would think it would be this big confrontational meeting. Here's Donald Trump again, just disarms everyone in the room. He's got a gift for this stuff with Emmanuel Macron. Did you see this? Check this out From the jam. That is the most beautiful language. I have no idea what he's saying, but that is the most elegant, beautiful language. Go ahead, please. This is a question that was asked. Come on man. He just has a knack for this. You see it everywhere. He is just really, really good at this.


Justin's like, you know, watch their hands, watch how natural this is. That's what he does. He has a magical ability, disarm people. And I just wanna note, there's a fascinating op-ed in the Wall Street Journal today. I, who is it by? Forgive me. I can. But it's about how Trump's policy towards Russia is really not that different than presidents. Even in the, it's, it's not that different from Republican or even some Democrat positions in the past. They're making it out like Donald Trump is some, you know, a, a Putin appeaser. And when you read the piece, the journal who are not huge fans of Donald Trump, any of the op ed writers acknowledge that it's really not that much different.


He's stating a simple fact to NATO countries and countries in the region. Hey man, we'll help you out, but you gotta help yourselves too. There's nothing that dramatic about that. The winds keep continuing though. This administration has been chalking 'em up at such a rate. I told you, doing this show with the, with the guys here, it's hard to kind of triage what to talk about. We'll keep covering the reaction to all this other stuff. And I, I mean we'll have, we have a ton of stuff for you coming over the next couple weeks. It's, you know, the fact that the last show is gonna be March 14th is, is is really like, it's real to me now and it kind of stings a little bit. I mean, I'm really gonna miss you guys, but I just wanna show you, you know, the, the, you know, you can tell I'm a little, whenever I start thinking about it gets me down a different path.


So let me save it 'cause I got a couple, I got a couple weeks to enjoy with you guys. But the winds keep continuing. Regardless of your feelings about big tech companies folks, they have clearly sensed that there's a new sheriff in town in the White House and that new sheriff in town is President Donald Trump. They sense the economic growth opportunities with President Trump. Here's a quick segment video here about Apple investing. A whole lot of money right here in America where you're gonna invest it. You might as well invest it here 'cause the jobs come with it. You got real estate, you got local improvements, check this out. A trillion dollars, that's the largest ever us spending plan for the world's biggest company. And it comes with thousands of new jobs across multiple states.


Now, as you mentioned, we knew this was coming as President Trump teased it on Friday. And then Apple, CEO Tim Cook was at the White House on Thursday. Apple is spending 50% more this year in 2025 than it did during the first Trump term. So $500 billion over four years this time. Folks, the Ws keep continuing. This is all good news. We don't have to agree with what these companies do or anything like that, but if you're gonna invest money invested in America here, lemme just dial back to the beginning of the show. You know, again, to all my critics and others out there, that's your job is to criticize us.


We totally understand. But Donald Trump has appointed people in an amazing people by the way, fantastic people, very talented people in his cabinet, sub cabinet level. And as the heads of agencies, whether it's Cash Patel, attorney General Bondy, whether it's now Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth. And there are people who understand that there are questions in there assertions. You don't wanna fall for that, okay? When, when someone in the media's making an assertion rather than a question, you wanna call it out. I want you to watch Secretary of Defense, Pete, Seth, who catches this little stunt right away. Check this out. Why did you an underqualified retired Lieutenant General to be the next chairman? I'm gonna, I'm gonna choose to reject your unqualified question, who's Next secretary?


And that's how it's done. Not, he wasn't falling for that stunt at all. Pete's been around the block. You have to understand, secretary Hegseth has been in the media a long time. He understands this. He's been on the media debating people. He's got a wealth of experience. And this is the attack, whether it's me or whether it's Pete Unqualified, all this other, they unqualified, whether they don't mention your actual qualifications. Decorated member of our military, a good, solid, decent human being who has his eyes on one prize, making the United States military, the premier most lethal fighting force anywhere in the world.


Folks, thanks again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. So again, silver lock.com. Silver LOCH is going to be the production company moving forward. It'll be, you'll see we have early edition with Avita, the nightly scroll with Hailey coming up for at least the time being while we wrap up here. You at my show. I appreciate you all tuning in yesterday. We had a huge audience yesterday, another big audience today. And I'll have a surprise for you once we get everything wrapped up with our new guest host. Look at that man. I'm definitely the ugliest person in that. You gotta get me outta there. You get such great people and they're really, Haley's gonna, she's just incredible.


Avitas Avita had 24,000 people yesterday. Huge livestream audience. So yeah, you guys are great. So thank you. See, man, I didn't know you could do that that quick. I was actually only kidding, but okay, whatever works for me folks. Thanks for tuning in. You can check us out tomorrow at 11:00 AM rumble.com/bonino. Download the Rumble app, apple and Spotify as well. And I will see you on the radio show here in a little bit back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.