
Welcome to VINCE on a Monday. Good to have you with us, man. We had a fiery weekend of news as chaos descended upon Los Angeles, just because President Trump is enforcing the law insurrection going on on the West Coast. We'll get into the details of that. Everything that happened through the weekend, transpiring Friday, Saturday, Sunday until today, and the threat, the potential threat looming over people like La Mayor, Karen Bass, and the governor of California, Gavin Newsom, under threat to be arrested for their law breaking. Boy, I've got a lot to talk about with you will do that in just a moment.


But first, the original promise of the internet was to provide a virtual world of equals free from the dictates of government and business. We're far from that original promise, aren't we? We've got big tech companies that aren't just advertising for other big businesses, but they're controlling the things you see to try to sway your vote. But there's a way to take back control, and that's with Express VPN. Every single time you go on the internet, your internet service provider is tracking and creating a profile based on everything you do. Data brokers then sell that profile to whomever is willing to pay for it, advertisers and even government agencies. But with Express VPN 100% of your online traffic travels through secure encrypted servers so nobody can watch what you do, not even your internet provider Express. VPN also hides your IP address, that number that identifies you online. Express VPN's, easy to use. It just takes one click, And it works on all of your devices. Right now, you can get up to four months free If you go to express vpn.com/ VINCE. That's X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ VINCE for an extra four months for free.


All right, coming up today on the program, I've got Anthony Kaso with us, who has this unbelievable footage that he captured on the ground in Los Angeles this weekend. He saw so much of the violence and chaos firsthand. I'll show you some of those videos coming up, and of course, we'll hear from Anthony Kasa here on the program, get his updates on what is happening as we have this conversation live Monday morning. Of course, for those of you who are listening to the podcast, you can always see this show@rumble.com slash VINCE. If you've watched this program, if you've listened to this program, you knew already that this was coming. You knew that these raids were gonna take place in Los Angeles, and sure enough, they are taking place already.


Take a look. Here's Tom Holman, the Border Czar announcing just over a week ago that he was going after California and Los Angeles. Look at this. We got some great states stepping up, but California's a problem. They got s sp I think it's s sp 54, the whole state. The whole state's a sanctuary, and Governor Newsom, You know, he, he doesn't, You know, he's one of these governors that vilify ice every day. Yeah. So it makes the job more difficult when California works site enforcement, it's gonna be very important. Again, if we can't have, we don't have cooperation with the jails, this means we gotta go to the neighborhood. We have court injunctions in California where it, it ties ICE's hands about who can they even approach on knock and talks at their home.


Yeah. So there's a place there where we want to concentrate on work site enforcement, because we, we have the right to do that. We have no court injunctions on that. It'll probably try to place one, but works site enforcement will be very important in California. So, and, and so you can look for a lot in California. A lot more resources sent to California. We got big footprint there already, but we're gonna double that footprint. Yeah. All right. So Tom Holman just, he laid it out here. You know, if Gavin Newsom was even listening to this program, he would've known this was coming, And it definitely did come this weekend. As on Friday, you saw these ice raids in Los Angeles as federal immigration authorities went after nearly a hundred people arrested, and these were, as the Trump administration has been describing, some of the worst of the worst.


I just wanna give you a sense of what that means. Take a look at this. Ice captures worst of the worst illegal aliens in Los Angeles, including murderers, sex offenders, and other violent criminals. This is who they actually picked up this weekend. You know, you won't see this on any of the left wing press that is covering this. They're acting like Donald Trump is just causing chaos. He's trying to stoke violence. This is the, this is the projection the left is using this weekend. But look at the people that they picked up. There's this guy, Huang Sean Fa Ice arrested. This guy, a 49-year-old, illegal from Vietnam. He's got a criminal history that include includes conviction for second degree murder. He was sentenced to 15 years to life, and there he was on the streets of Los Angeles.


Another one, Ronaldo Veian, Enrique, a 55-year-old, illegal from the Philippines. His criminal history includes burglary in Ontario, California as Canada. Make that with a sentence of four years in prison, sexual penetration with a foreign object, with force and assault, with intent to commit rape in Pomona, California. Yeah, he had a sentence of 37 years in prison. There he was free on the streets of La Lionel Sanchez Laguna. He has a criminal history that includes discharging a firearm in an inhabited dwelling end of vehicle in Orange, California. He had a sentence of a year. He had battery on spouse or cohabitate in California, willful cruelty to a child, driving under the influence, assault with a semi-automatic firearm, personal use of a firearm.


This guy, look at him, look at him mean mugging here. This guy, free on the streets of La Armando or das is another one. A 44-year-old illegal from Mexico, sexual battery receiving known or stolen property, petty theft. And the list is continuous. It goes on and on and on. Now, again, these are details that you're not gonna see almost anywhere else, where we go into, Hey, what is happening here? These are very violent, violent people picked up on the streets of California by a border czar and a team who promised that they would do this. These sanctuary jurisdictions who refuse to work with federal law enforcement, who refuse, they actually harbor illegal aliens.


This ends now, this ends now the Trump administration going in. This led though to a weekend of violence as that Democrat led jurisdiction. That sanctuary jurisdiction allowed the people that are there to go absolutely crazy. Look, If you will, at some of the details here, we've got La Rioters throwing rocks through the windows of speeding border patrol vehicles. Take a look here, cut one at this.


Look. So in this video, there's a man, he's picking up rocks off of a medium, and he's throwing it through every window of a border patrol vehicle he can possibly get to bang, throws another one, bang, throws another one right through the glass of these cars. And in the process wounding the border patrol agents who are driving these vehicles, that man blasting through these, these cars with these rocks, horrific attacks, law enforcement officials here. Now, we do also have footage from inside of those vehicles, bill Milus of Fox News, obtaining this, the view from inside of a law enforcement vehicle under siege this week, and take a look at cut two.


Here's what it looked like and sounded like as these guys were driving through that, You can see here, these border patrol agents driving, trying to, You know, keep their head on a swivel here, driving through a very tough area as people are trying to attack the vehicles about to get started on their, on their forward advance. And as they do, what you're gonna see is rocks being thrown against the glass against these vehicles as these guys are under attack. Just gruesome stuff. The, the wounds to these guys included cuts lacerations to their hands from there you go, some of the fragmented glass blasting through the car.


They included lacerations to the border patrol agents from the glass that struck them as they were driving through. And of course, the, the chaos this weekend continued all over the place in la. Here's video footage of one La Rioter, parading a Mexican flag, driving it on these dirt bikes in these mini bikes, circling around a burning Hyundai vehicle at the middle of this intersection in la. Take a look. Cut three here. What was going on there? You, You know, let's hope that no one is hurt and no one is injured, And it doesn't escalate from here. Look at the flag yet, guy. I, there it is. You pointing it out. Mexican Flag. Can You know, You know, this is, this is criminal activity that I hope is people are held accountable for, and I'm talking about the, the riots right here.


Where are the cops? Yeah, where are they? The cops actually informed some sort of line about it looked like a 10th of a mile away as the helicopter shot pulls back. But at that moment, not intervening, taking a long time to finally get involved. And all of that delay has led the Trump administration to say, we have to send in reinforcements. So over the weekend, the president of the United States, the border are Tom Holm and the Secretary of Defense, Pete Ze, all announcing that not only are the National Guard on the way, but additionally the Marines at Camp Pendleton, California, south of south of Los Angeles, near San Diego, they stand ready to come in and support law enforcement efforts to bring about a piece to that city, which could desperately use it right now if they're being betrayed by the Democrats who run them.


Take a look. This is border, are Tom Holman confirming the National Guard. Cut Five is on the way to LA and arrived this weekend. This is about enforcing the law. And again, we're not gonna apologize for doing it. We're stepping up. She says they're going to, they're gonna mobilize. But guess what? We're already ahead of the game. We we're already mobilizing. We're gonna bring National Guard in tonight. We're gonna continue doing our job. We're, we're gonna push back on these people, and we're gonna force the law. Tom, it's Lydia. We're gonna push back. We're gonna enforce the law. And that's because, again, you have people like the La Mayor, Karen Bass, and the governor of California, Gavin Newsom, who just refused to enforce the law. In fact, mayor Karen Bass on Friday was angry that the Trump administration was enforcing the law, was deporting violent, illegal aliens.


I just read you the list. These are rapists, these are murderers. These are the, the worst possible offenders imaginable who are being picked up in California. And Karen Bass here in cut 15, Karen Bass says, You know who she's fighting for, not for you, not for Americans. She's fighting for illegal aliens to stay in the United States and to become American citizens. Look at this. We are gonna fight for all Angelenos regardless of when they got here, whether they have papers or not. We are a city of immigrants, and this impacts hundreds of thousands of angelenos Disgusting, just disgusting for her to say something like that.


We're a city of immigrants. False. You, you are a city that's being overrun by illegal invaders who need to be ejected from this country with haste. And you need to get out of the way or else face the consequences. I'm gonna get to that coming up in a moment, because the borders are, Tom Holman has something to say about all of this. These left wing rioters, You know, they, they, they're only tough up to a point occasionally when the cops actually start doing their job and they're allowed to do their job. Well, these lefties will take off running. Take a look at cut six at one such incident this weekend.


Here they are, the rioters outside of the federal building in Los Angeles, eventually law enforcement assembling, coming. They're creating formation here and then raising up the barricades, and then just opening fire with non-lethal rounds, just shooting these guys. And all of a sudden, all of these insane left wing riders take off running. I have to say, You know, the LA police chief did say in his covers this weekend and some of his press conferences, that he believes that these are organized rioters. That these anarchists have the, the makings of people who have done this before. And you can't help but notice as you see these images, that it looks a lot like the events of 2020 masked up left wing anarchists who are causing utter chaos in the streets of the United States, lighting cars on fire in the middle of intersections, attacking police officers shutting down the 1 0 1 freeway.


This has all of the makings of that summer of 2020. And you can tell that President Trump does not want this to grow into some bigger event. He wants to put this down quickly, which is why you saw the Trump administration moving so quickly this weekend to do that. In fact, let me, let me share with you some of the other important footage from all of this Ga. So, so you've got Karen Bass and Gavin Newsom, who are just running a sanctuary jurisdiction. They're refusing to enforce the law. They're refusing to work with the feds. In fact, Gavin Newsom is furious that President Trump has mobilized 2000 National Guardsmen from inside of the California National Guard, now working for the president in order to stop all of this.


And, and you, you heard, you, you've got Tom Holman saying this cut 19, that if Karen Bass and Gavin Newsom get in the way, if they start breaking the law themselves, well, they're gonna be putting silver bracelets. Take a look at this. I would think every elected governor and every elected mayor, number one responsibility is to remove public safety threats from their communities. That's what he's trying to do, but they're not helping. There Have been threats, You know, previously, that If you stand in the way of your enforcement operations, You know, you could be subject potential to arrest. Are, are you saying that about Mayor Bass and Governor Newsom? Are they at risk of being arrested? I'll Say it about anybody. You cross that line, it's a felony to knowingly harbor and conceal an illegal alien.


It's a felony to impede law enforcement from doing their job. Yeah, that's right. It's a felony. It's a felony to harbor an illegal alien. It's a felony to obstruct federal law enforcement from doing their job. So you wanna be cuffed then? Stay on this path. Karen Bass, stay on this path. Gavin Newsom. Go ahead, do that. So here we have, here we have Gavin Newsom saying, okay, I dare you arrest me, Tom Holman. Cut 16, take a look at Gavin Newsom getting a little chippy. Tom Holman, the borders are said to me yesterday. He, he did not rule out literally arresting you. Yep. Nor Mayor Bass. Yep. If you interfere in his words, he said, you hadn't yet.


He's a tough guy. Why doesn't he do that? And he knows where to find me. But you know what? Let your hands off 4-year-old girls that are trying to get educated. What a judge. Let your hands off these poor people. They're just trying to get, live their lives, man, trying to live their lives, paying their taxes. Been here 10 years, the fear, the horror, the hell is this guy come after me, arrest me. Let's just get it over with Tough guy. You know, I don't give a damn, but I care about my community. I care about this community. The hell are they doing? These guys need to grow up. They need to stop, and we need to push back. And I'm sorry to be so clear, but that kind of bloviating is exhausting.


So, Tom, arrest me. I'm sorry to be so clear. Let's Go. What a tool, what a complete tool that jackass is. That's Gavin Newsom, the greasy governor of California, pretending like he's a tough guy. Tom Alman doesn't have to pretend. Newsom pretends. Go ahead. Tough guy. Yeah. What are you gonna do about it? If they show up and cuff you? There's, there's nothing going on except for you're wetting your pants and then you're going into federal custody. I don't, I don know what to tell you. Gavin Newsom, you ridiculous human being. Oh. Oh. And they're arresting four year olds. Yeah. I'm sorry, I've ran down the list. But at, just to remind you once again, we've got the list in front of us. We've got, we've got the murderer, we've got the rapist, the burglary suspect, convicted of burglary.


In fact, the guy is shooting firearms going off. We've got the thief, sexual battery, grand theft, larceny, possession of prohibited weapons. We've got distributing cocaine, we've got possession of drugs and controlled substances, assault with a deadly weapon, great bodily injury, distribution of heroin and cocaine, domestic violence, transporting illegal aliens. I mean, Come on. Oh, oh. It's just these, these poor, innocent little four year olds who are being rounded up. Now, first of all, if you're here illegally, you should leave with your family. If you're a 4-year-old, that family should take you back to your home country. But here's the thing, Gavin Newsom, that greasy jackass is just lying about what's going on.


And even spent the weekend saying, all of this is Trump's fault. Every time you see cars burning in the streets this weekend in la, every time you see a highway shutdown, people being attacked, rocks being thrown through the windows of law enforcement, that's Trump's fault, says the left. That's what Gavin Newsom's saying. So Gavin Newsom, if he ends up in handcuffs, he'll get exactly what he deserves here. He, he's just absolutely, absolutely disgusting. And speaking of those cars being set on fire, take a look at cut 20. Here's a bunch of these Waymo self-driving cars caught on fire this weekend, set on fire this weekend by the arsonists among this anarchist crowd. Look, Look at that.


Just look at these vehicles. Burned to a crisp, burned to a crisp. These are all self-driving cars. You know how much those cars cost. Those things are well over a hundred thousand, approaching $200,000 a piece. Five of them set on fire and burned down to just the, the brittle little husk that was remaining, which means that there was well over, it looked like about a million dollars in damage just under those vehicles alone. That doesn't count all the cop cars, that doesn't count all the other attacks that took place this weekend. And there were a lot of 'em. There were a lot of them. In fact, there were, there was, there was stuff being thrown off the bridge on the, the 1 0 1 just attacking law enforcement here.


I wanna pull this up for you, attacking law enforcement here, just over and over because You know, these, these rioters are completely outta control. They're waving Mexican flags around. And, and, and of course that that is a sign, as JD Vance pointed out this weekend of invasion. Take a, just take a look here at this footage. Here are the cars that have been under attack. Here are the cop cars under attack underneath this freeway on the 1 0 1, you have people picking up rocks, throwing in them down off the bridge through the windows of vehicles, throwing them at cops, fires being lit, smoke grenades being thrown, fireworks being thrown.


This is a city that's in desperate need of rescue, which is why the President of the United States is mobilizing the National Guard and the Marines could follow, the Marines could follow. I've got more in a moment, including out of control. Congresswoman Maxine Waters has been calling for this type of violence for a long time. She tried to barrel her way into a federal facility this weekend and was met with a door that smacked her directly in the face. I'll share that with you in just a moment.


They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class, and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a brand new level. The Power Act, pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you used to do at the gym off from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms. And it gives you unlimited width combinations. Take every single muscle group. So if you're new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that has full body video workouts. Simply press play and you can follow along. So no more excuses. I'm getting fit. I love my Jacked Up fitness machine. You will too. Let's do this together. Go to get jacked up.com. Sign up for their free training program. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rack Pro X, just use my promo code, VINCE, and you're gonna save 10%. It's a big deal. You'll save 10% at checkout. Again, get jacked up.com promo code, VINCE.


Alright, I'm, I'm liking the speed at which I'm seeing the Trump administration responding to all of this. They've got the, the National Guard out there, the Marines could be, could be on the way here. And, You know, truth is, I'd like to see that. I wanna see a lot of people arrested, including government officials. You break the law, you get held accountable. And the FBI is announcing massive, massive rewards right now for anybody who's attacking law enforcement for the arrest of people like that. It is, it's an all hands on deck effort to get control of our country. Now, Maxine Waters is among the lawbreakers. She's among the people who are stoking this kind of insanity.


And what did I tell you on Friday? I told you all about this this whole last week. We've been talking about all of these Democrat officials who keep saying that the ice, that ice agents are like the Gestapo, that they're like Nazis. Who's saying this? That's people like Hakeem Jeffries and people like Dan Goldman, that sniffling jerk from, from New York. You get other, other Democrats who are saying this. Michelle w the mayor of Boston saying this. And, and the list keeps growing. Tim Walls, tampon. Tim Walls said it too. The list keeps growing. They're all calling ice agents, Nazis. And I said, this doesn't end. Well, You know what happens here? They're gonna get an ice agent killed. They're gonna get law enforcement attacked. And sure enough, over the weekend, law enforcement under a constant barrage of attack in Los Angeles.


Meanwhile, Maxine Waters tried to barrel her way into the Los Angeles Federal building this weekend. Take a look at this. I'm gonna, I'm gonna pull this up full screen. Take a look at this. As Maxine Waters goes for it, here she is trying to barrel her way into a building and getting stopped by one of the local officials there who's saying, yeah, no, No, I I want you to, hello, hello, hello. Congresswoman Waters. I just came to use my congressional, I sorry to check on David before, excuse me, I need to get in. I'll check our public apparel.


The door. Whatcha hoping to do Congresswoman slammed in her face. If you was gonna see David war to, They slammed the door in her face. She was trying to get it. I was trying, I wanna use my congressional authority. She said, she just made that up. You may as well have said something like that yourself. I wanna use my citizen authority to get into this building. Yeah, no. Boom door slammed in face. She is a goofball. Excuse me. I need to get in I our public apparel. I I need to get in. No, you don't stay outside.


You win back. You, you are outta control. So she gets the door slammed in her face, and then she goes on here. You know, she, she starts telling people that, oh, all of these illegals, this is the game. You know what this is about? All of these illegals, she insists need to become United States citizens. That's the point of all of this. She, she wants to make illegals American citizens take a look. Here is here. Here's Maxine Waters telling just outside that building where she got ejected, that it's time to turn everybody into an American citizen. Who's your illegal, Where the guns are to let, I want y'all to take pictures of these guns and let people know that they're in our city with guns.


And I'm sure they have an artist shoot and kill. I don't know, but they, otherwise they wouldn't have guns. What a Liar, Mr. Representative Mr. Waters. If there's one statement that you call a message that you could send to Donald Trump, what, what is that message here today? My message to Donald Trump is, you are a cruel human being. These People are insurrectionists. The, that's the face of an insurrectionist that you're staring at. If you're watching this on video, that's Maxine Waters. She has been for as long as she's been in public office, and especially in the Trump era, an insurrectionist who doesn't believe in the laws of the United States seeks to undermine them, advances any cause that does that up to and including having, helping aiding and abetting illegal alien invaders and then saying, actually they should be citizens of the United States.


And that you are using the poorest people in the land, the most vulnerable people in the land to promote your politics. You are wrong. We know vulnerable, but this is all, These are murderers and rapists and rioters who are setting fires to police cars. Not vulnerable, venomous, Vile. We have people who are immigrants here, who are trying to seek a better living, who have come from places where they have experienced this kind of thing that he's doing here today. People who work every day In other, and You know, if they have experienced that, they, that's because that's the world that they created. That the whole point is we have to have orderly immigration into the United States.


We shouldn't be a third world country by virtue of our own self-abuse. People Who are paying taxes, who are raising their families, who are supporting education. They should not be treated this way. They should be given an opportunity to tell their story, whom they are and why they're here. They are telling their story. They're driving around burned out vehicles, waving Mexican flags. The story that they're telling is one of invasion. And when you're, when you're spinning your nation's flag around the burned out vehicles right in the middle of the streets of the United States, what you're declaring is that you're conquering this country. That's the message that they're sending The United States to Please do what the Constitution allows us to do.


And that is give them considerations for having citizenship here. Ms. Max. It's insanity. It is insanity. Insanity. Thy name is Maxine Waters. My next guest has been capturing lots of footage of everything going on on the ground in Los Angeles. The message that the immigrants are sending Will will get to Anthony Kasa in just a moment.


Before we do that, I wanna thank our sponsors for making all of this possible here. After a busy day of work, I always look forward to coming home and getting a good night's sleep on my Helix mattress. It's totally changed the game for my sleep. No more tossing, turning a restless nights Helix. Sleep is an award-winning mattress brand that has been the essential reason why I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to take on each new day. And, You know, a good night's sleep is just one of the best ways to have a better quality of life. So visit Helix Sleep dot com slash VINCE so you can get started. It's really great. Honestly changed my life. My wife couldn't believe how much better that we're both sleeping. If you're dealing with snoring or sleep apnea or back pain, or If you sleep too hot, even Helix Mattress can help. They can help you figure out which mattress will work best for you. Once you get your mattress delivered, you can finally get some comforting sleep. And right now, Helix is offering 20% off site wide. That's right. Just visit Helix Sleep dot com slash VINCE and get 20% off Sitewide. Once again, Helix Sleep dot com slash VINCE.


And also, when you're awake, well you gotta eat. And what are you eating? What are you putting in your body? It said that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. Reports tell us that China controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using tactics to crush American family farms and the additives that they're putting into our food while Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what can we all do about this? Lemme tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security mok. Mo's meat is delicious. It comes from animals raised outdoors, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised, harvested, all right here in the United States of America. They recently sent me some meat products. We got some ribeye and some burgers and some bacon. Boy, all of it is as good as you've ever had it. It is such delicious meat. You're gonna adore it. I love how great it tastes. I know you will too. Support American Family Farms and join the mok movement today at MoinkBox dot com slash VINCE right now, and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free, but for a limited time, spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ VINCE, that's MoinkBox dot com slash VINCE MoinkBox dot com slash VINCE.


Okay, so my, my next guest captured a bunch of video this weekend because that's what he does in California, in la. I wanna show you some of this before we bring him in so you get a sense of the kinds of things that he was witnessing. Look at this, look at this on the ground perspective of these Waymo vehicles on fire, Mexican flags being waved. You're being conquered before your very eyes, unless we stop this. Look at that. And so these vehicles getting completely burned out, all the way down to just the hubcaps, basically nothing left. Look at these things.


Look at that. By the way, some very high quality hubcaps on those vehicles. This is the only things that are left, those rims, crazy footage, a ton of crazy footage. You can see so much more at Anthony COAs X account. Find him on X. That's Anthony Kasa. Anthony Kasa independent journalist joins us right now. Anthony, thank you very much for joining us today, sir. Hey, thank you for having me. Good to have you here. So tell me, tell me, are you from la? Like, You know, how did you get into the middle of all this? Yeah, I, I actually do live in LA County and I've been actually covering protests for close to eight years now.


That's kind of like my thing. If, If you like protesting, LA is the place, it's front lines to anything protest, anything happens, something's being protested. Los Angeles. So I had heard that there was gonna be citywide countywide protests beginning on Friday, last Friday when it was being received by California local pro-immigrant groups. That there was gonna be ice raid beginning last week and into the coming days over the weekend and into the next couple of weeks as well. And so I had seen people posting online that, Hey, You know, you need to prepare for these ice raids. We're gonna head on out and we're gonna be protesting and protecting the migrant com community.


Come out and join us. Obviously you had some left wing factions such as the DSA, which is Democratic Socialists of America and PSL, the Party of Socialism and Liberation, which is kind of an oxymoron. There's no such thing as liberation under socialism. But these are the left wing factions that are promoting this, are funding this and are e egging everybody onto to head into the highways, to head out into the streets, to, to shut down these ice raids. And it was just an insane weekend, as you guys can see with the videos In total insanity. So take me through your weekend. Were you out there Friday night as those, as those first arrests were being made and then those first protests started showing up?


Yeah, correct. So I've been covering it since Friday when it all began. This was all taking place near a federal building in downtown la Yeah. This is one of the places that was being targeted by these protesters because this is where there is an ice detention center. And so there's actually like a, a tall building full of people inside of this facility. Some of them migrants, some of them just prisoners and, and, and inmates. And so this is kind of like a target federal building for a lot of these pro migrant factions and groups and com and, and organizations. And so when I went down there, You know, there was obviously this power struggle. You had the federal government wanting to come in and do ICE raids.


Yeah. But then you had local law enforcement and then you also had local mayor bass saying that there were denouncing these pro ice raids. Even the LAPD chief of Police said that the police are not partaking or enforcing or helping to any capacity the federal government that was reaping fear into the migrant community. That's, that's what they were saying. And so it was an, that Was the police chief that said that That is a police chief. That is correct. And he was just reiterating that in no way, shape or form was LAPD involved in any migrant raids. That that is just simply not their job. So what Were the cops doing? How long did it take for the cops to finally engage the people who were committing acts of violence in the streets of la?


So from what I saw, police were only setting up a perimeter against the DHS agents that were at the federal building. But what happened, I think was one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen as far as leadership in this city. And you gotta remember just a few months ago we were battling the, the fires, which of course is also a result of poor leadership in Los Angeles. And so what I saw was DHS agents were trapped inside this federal building. There was a garage in which they were trapped. They had nowhere to go. They had no way out, and there was really no way in for them. And so they're basically trapped inside this garage where protestors were launching items. I posted video of protestors breaking cement blocks. They had hammers and they were breaking down cement to crack into little throw pieces that they were throwing and launching at DHS agents.


And so I, I just couldn't believe it because LAPD had a perimeter and they were watching this unfold and they did nothing. I think that there was a stand down order, I don't know from who in basically saying do not arrest or engage any of the protesters. So we went on for a couple of hours where DHS agents were under siege by protesters with LAPD doing nothing. It actually took a few hours, maybe two or three hours of back and forth between DHS agents and the protestors for LAPD riot police to finally step in and try to get ahold of the situation. So, okay. So the message from Gavin Newsom is, is to the Trump administration stay out of this.


We've got this under control. We've got local cops handling everything. You don't need to be here doing anything. And you're telling me that he's lying? Oh, absolutely. This is, this is classic. So California, for people that don't know, I, I think the whole nation knows is a one party state. It's completely ruled by Democrats when anything goes wrong, they do anything they can to, to shift the blame. Over the weekend, E even just yesterday, Gavin Newsom was putting out statements that this escalation was a direct result of federal oversight ice ice agents coming into quote unquote migrant communities to target, You know, these helpless, hardworking people. But the reality is borders are Tom Holman listed and put out full rap sheets of the people that were actually targeting the ICE raids.


These are violent Yeah. Cartel gang member people that are, that, that have no place in this community. If you really wanna protect the community, you go after these Harding criminals, which is what ICE was doing over the weekend. But of course, You know, you have State Senator Schiff, you have Gavin Newsom, you have LA Mayor Bass saying that, that the complete opposite, that these are not targeting, that ice is not targeting violent criminals. They're going after helpless, hardworking people. And that just couldn't be further from the truth. So they're escalating things and of course, because the city is burning. Yes. Now they're shifting the blame on the federal government. They are shifting blame. So what's gonna happen next? Do you see this deescalating anytime soon?


It does seem like the Democrat officials who run that state and that city are doing everything they can to make it worse. Oh yeah. I, I expect things to escalate from what I understand, the memorandum signed by President Trump, it gives the authority of National Guard to be out here mobilized 2000 National Guardsmen for the next 60 days. I I, there's a lot of back and forth right now be before between Gavin Newsom and President Trump. There's a power struggle there. Obviously, You know, Gavin Newsom trying to make it seem like, hey, we've got this under control, but clearly they don't as evidenced by the videos of what happened over the weekend. Yeah, I do, I do expect things to continue to escalate maybe Monday through Thursday we'll see it kind of die down a little bit. But I expect things to pick back up over this next upcoming weekend and upcoming weekend.


So long as National Guard is here. Yes. And so long as the ice rates continue, How dicey did it get when you were out there capturing all this footage when you're, you're, you're getting close to a lot of very violent action. Tell tell me what it was like to be in the middle of it. Yeah, You know, again, I've been pro covering protests for close to eight, nine years now. And this is actually some of the most violent actions I've seen. This is akin to the George Floyd riots, which I also covered Yeah. A couple years ago. Thankfully, You know, this time around, I'm not banned or censored on social media, so a lot of my stuff is going viral. I was actually banned on Twitter 1.0 when the Floyd riots were going. So I was kind of upset that a lot of my footage didn't get get out there as, as it is this time. But no, yeah, it was complete violence and chaos.


I saw Molotov cocktails being made in front of me, bricks being broken down to launch a police. Yes. Police cruisers, You know, put on fire. It was, it was pretty bad. And this is actually the first time I've got banged up myself a couple times. I've been shot in the face, I've been shot in the head, in the arm. I've got a nice bruise on my hand. And, and that's just because of the level of violence that has been ongoing over the weekend. So what you saw this weekend, just If you would compare it to what you saw in 2020, because it strikes me that these images from afar look a lot like the events of 2020, but it, it almost seems like, I I do wonder to what extent you can detect whether or not these are refined tactics. In other words, these are people who've done this before and they've, they've now worked out a system to cause maximum chaos in light of the fact that they've been in the streets causing this kind of chaos through the years.


Do you, do you get the sense that this was more professional than maybe even in 2020? Oh, absolutely. And, and so the, what's happening is you have, again, these organizations like DSA, democratic Socials of America, PSL, you have Black Lives Matter, Los Angeles, these are all Marxist organizations that have been organizing as in Los Angeles. These are the same organizations organizing in Seattle. These are the same organizations in Portland, Oregon, Washington dc, Chicago, et cetera. So If you follow these groups closely, you'll see that they are the ones organizing, collaborating and making sure they, You know, what happens is what could start off as a peaceful protest during the day as the sun begins to set, things just get crazier and crazier.


And what I've noticed is a lot of the people that don't wear the mask, a lot of people just waving flags or, or holding signs, a lot of these people kind of leave by the time the sun starts sitting because they know that the violence is coming. And so toward the night, now you start seeing a lot of these agitators, anarchists, You know, communists. 'cause we did see a, i I did see a bunch of communist flags out there. And so these people are covering their faces because they know what's what's about to ensue. So what you're watching is not, there's no underlying principle actually that's leading to this. These are people that are just exploiting conversation in order to cause chaos because there's no unifying theory between the George Floyd riots and the trying to stop illegal aliens from being ejected from the country.


Violent illegals. There's no unifying principle there other than agents of chaos trying to take advantage of it all in order to sow division. Right? Oh, absolutely. So this is exactly how, You know, communism works is yeah, they, they basically collect these little factions of groups of pro-Palestine, the Black Lives Matter, and now the pro-immigrant community, these are all badges for these communist groups to basically attain. They're, they're collecting these factions. They're saying, If you come to us, we can help you organize, we can help you mobilize. And we have lawyers because we have these funds. And, and If you get in trouble, we can bail you out. Just, just do, as we say, do as you're told. Yes. I actually, yesterday was solicited money to, to, to be violent against police.


I, I had this guy with a mask on come up to me and say, Hey man, if, if, if You know, I'm, I'm live right now, I'm recording, I'd be willing to pay you If you start, You know, a fight with the police. You know, I I, I got money who wants money? And so he started looking around. He is like, who wants money? Who wants money? Who wants to get paid to hit the police? And so, I don't know, You know, maybe the guy was drunk, I don't know. But this is not uncommon that these people are being paid. And what I discovered over the weekend was pallets full of bricks and stone strategically placed in these locations of, of protests. I've got a video just of last night I discovered a pallet just randomly in a, in a, in a building corner. Yeah. I just couldn't believe it. I was like, why is there just a random pallet of stone here strategically placed by, You know, right next to the protest.


And I had actually discovered similar ones on, on Saturday in Paramount, California, where there was just basically brick cylinders that the protestors were using to break up into smaller pieces and launch at police. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Well, that, You know, so that, that feels familiar. That's a 2020 phenomenon. We saw that in 2020 exactly where you saw those pallets of bricks laying out in the streets. There's people picking up these bricks and then using them to attack other human beings and law enforcement officers. And so you see that once again suspicious feature here in the midst of, of a city where there's been a tremendous amount of damage. So you mentioned that these democratic socialists and the, and the Marxist organizations that are involved in this kind of chaos are very active in cities like Portland and Seattle.


So I think it stands the reason that you and I can predict what happens next if, yeah, if we see ice raids of any consequence inside of places like Portland, Oregon or Seattle, Washington kind of sounds like Gant Anthony, you might be traveling for more riots. Oh yeah, this is exactly like the George Floyd riots. I was traveling all over the nation from DC to Minneapolis to Seattle. But yeah, I I abs I actually posted about this yesterday. Los Angeles right now is ground zero for immigration enforcement. And what I mean by that is there's clearly this showdown between state government. California is very, very democrat, very, very liberal, especially the cities are hyper liberal.


And so what we're seeing is kind of a blueprint of what's to come with other blue states, other blue cities where ice r will be taking place across the nation. And so if the federal government, You know, is not able to, to assert its power and dominance, even in sanctuary cities like Los Angeles, I think that they're looking at nationwide protests in blue cities where ice is coming in and trying to get these violent criminals out. But of course, they don't care that, You know, they're violent criminals. They're just wanting to further their communist agenda and just sowing destruction. And so this, I I think what we're seeing right now is the very beginning Yes. Of a Summer of Love 2.0.


I hope not. What would it take to shut it down, do you think, Anthony? Well, what I think, and this is very unrealistic, I think that it's time for Gavin Newsom and state leadership to take accountability that sanctuary cities haven't worked. It's put normal US citizens and residents and immigrants that live here as well, that don't want to see any of this violent violence. I I, I know a lot of hardworking people as well. These people, You know, are nonviolent. They're, they're, they, You know, they're here on visas, work visas, et cetera. We just want a slice of the American dream. And I, and I can appreciate that, but going out there, waving foreign flags, burning the American flag, burning down cars is not, is not, it shouldn't be an option And it should not be tolerated.


And so I think that Gavin Newsom needs to work with the federal government to see, okay, what can we do to make sure that this doesn't happen again? And make sure that the federal agents are protected when you guys are out going doing ice rates. What would be great from Gavin Newsom is to get together with borders are Tom Holman and say, look, we're not just targeting just people at random. We're not just picking up people in vans. These are the violent criminals that Isis coming after. No. So I think that I, I look, I I'm with you. I I agree. That'd be great if that were to happen. But you and I both know at this point, there's no way. Yeah, there's no way. No way. Absolutely. He's like completely dialed into this like, amnesty attitude and that law enforcement itself is some sort of betrayal of the country. That's insanity to me.


So I, it, it strikes me that if we're gonna crack down on this using law enforcement, it's just gonna have to be the president wielding the insurrection act. He's gonna have to go in and save American cities from the leadership that that's betraying them. So, I mean, don't you think that it seems to be the answer is send in the national guards, send in the Marines, send in the marshals, whatever it takes, and restore order in a city that has people atop it right now who are trying to create disorder? No. Yeah. And that's, that's, that's gonna be the most likely outcome is the federal government's gonna say clearly these, because look, You know, you can, you can say that these are just protestors, but that's not the reality. These are being organized by teachers, union leaders. The money is being funneled to these protestors.


The protestors are a proxy of the leadership of, of the, of the city. I personally witnessed and recorded city leadership calling cops pigs and saying that ICE is not welcome. That they are fascists. They are, they are the ones sowing the division between the community. And they are being very clear. They're not mincing words. Your enemy is a federal government and local law enforcement. And, and so what is this is gonna do? It's gonna incentivize a lot of these, You know, hardened criminals that are gonna be joining in on the protest. We've had an open border for the last four years. Who knows wh who else has come in and who else is gonna take opportunity to, to infiltrate these cities?


You know, I, I hope this isn't what comes to, to light, but I can foresee terrorists attacks in federal buildings. Yes. In LA and, and it's not gonna be an innocent protestor that does it. It's someone that has been sent from a foreign country to do exactly that, waiting for the opportune moment to, to, to see these large protests go in there. You, we've all seen what's been happening with drone technology as of late Ukraine being a perfect example of what's happening with the advancement of drone technology. So I, I'm pretty fearful living in LA to be honest of what's to come, because it doesn't look like the state and the federal government are getting along. And so what that means is it's gonna be Donald Trump, like you said, using the full power of the federal government to say this.


We're not gonna tolerate this. Again, we tolerated it back in 2020. Yes. Nothing was done. Cities were destroyed. Now we're coming in, we're not playing any games. But then as the federal government, You know, es escalates their manpower, I suspect that protestors from around the country and maybe even around the nation will be flooding into Los Angeles because again, this is ground zero. So I hope I'm wrong. I, I hope this is settled, but I think that you're right in that it's just not gonna happen the way we wish it plays out. The only way to stop it is to impose consequences. That's it. That's the only way. Absolutely. And that, that's not just on the rioters, that's also on the insurrectionist. That's also on the insurrectionist leadership of places like la Like if they wanna break the law, cuff 'em, send a message, send a clear message that you break the law.


There are consequences for that. That's what you need to do to restore order. Anthony Kasa, thank you for putting yourself in harm's way to capture all of this important that we get to see it. Thank you for your time and analysis today as well, sir. Yeah. Thank you so much for your time. Appreciate you. Good To, good to talk to you. You can follow Anthony Kasa on X Anthony Kasa underscore right there he is. Got a lot of incredible footage and, and hopefully, hopefully things die down so you don't have to keep checking his account for stuff. But unfortunately, I don't think that's gonna happen. Not in the near term. We had some insanity this weekend. In addition to in la the way that the left is reacting to it, there is a, there's an a, b, c reporter by the name of Terry Moran Moran, and he is a Moran, this guy, he posted and then deleted an unhinged screed about President Trump this weekend.


And also Stephen Miller, he wrote that Stephen Miller is not just the brains behind Trumpism, but he's also the bile of Trumpism. He claims he said, Miller, this, this guy's supposed to be a straight down the middle reporter Miller is a man who is richly endowed with the capacity for hatred. Said Terry Moran. He's a world class hater. You can see it just by looking at him. You can conclude it just by looking at him. He says he eats his hate. And then he posted, Trump is a world class hater, but his hatred is only a means to an end. And that end is his own glorification. That's his spiritual nourishment. So this is an a, b, C reporter. Now, I will remind you that this is a guy that the White House granted an interview to.


And this, this was just a, about a month ago, Terry Moran arguing with President Trump over MS 13 Kmar, MS 13 gangster, Kmar Abrego Garcia being sent to El Salvador. Take a look at cut nine here. Let me ask you about one man in one court order. Kmar Abrego Garcia. He's the Salvador man who crossed into this country illegally, but who is under a protective order that he not be sent back to El Salvador. Your government sent him back to El Salvador and acknowledged in court that was a mistake. And now the Supreme Court has upheld an order that you must return him to the facilitate his return to the United States. What are you doing to comply? Well, The lawyer that said it was a mistake was here a long time, was not appointed by us.


Should not have said that. Should not have said, said that. And just you understand court, the, the person that you're talking about, You know, you're making this person sound. This is a MS 13 gang member, a tough cookie, been in lots of skirmishes, beat the hell out of his wife. Yeah. And the wife was petrified to even talk about him. Okay. This is not an innocent, wonderful gentleman from Maryland and not, Yeah. So Terry Moran has been a ludicrous figure for a long time. And that was on display, of course, again, in that interview with the president of the United States, generous of the White House to, to grant him that in the first place. So Terry Moran tweets this insanity about how Trump and Stephen Miller are a bunch of haters. And that led to Caroline Levitt posting that this is unhinged on his part, on Terry's part and unacceptable.


She further said, we've reached out to a b, C to inquire about how they plan to hold Terry accountable. And that brings us to Sunday morning. Terry Moran got his ass suspended from a, b, c of all places. Brian Stelter, Mr. Potatohead being the one that delivered the news. He says, breaking a BC News says Senior National correspondent Terry Moran has been suspended, pending, further evaluation. He said that the, that the since deli deleted tweet was the reason for the suspension. He further posted that the full statement here from A, B, C included a BC News stands for objectivity, hilarious and impartiality, hilarious in its news coverage and does not condone subjective personal attacks on others.


The Post does not reflect the views of a, b, c news and violated our standards. As a result, Terry Moran has been suspended pending further evaluation. Yeah. Suspended. What does that even mean? Suspended? Are they still sending him a paycheck? Does he not have to do work now? Does he get a paid vacation? Does he get to come back at some point? Are they trying to, You know, just bury this whole thing suggests that a simple suspension counts as a punishment, but he gets to keep working there and being a lunatic going forward into the future. We'll see, but that's the, that's the statement filtered through Brian Stelter. That, that Terry Morran has been suspended. You know, you mentioned, I, I mentioned Kmar Abrego Garcia.


You saw Friday afternoon We got an update on the Kmar case. Apparently Kmar is coming back to the United States of America now. The left has desired this for so long. Chris Van Holland has been pining for this. He, he's been ripping the petals off of flowers one by one. Will he come back? Won't he come back? Will he come back? Won't he come back? Chris Van Holland desperate for his love kmar to, to show up after their successful conjugal visit down in El Salvador. The White House had good news, bad news for Chris Van Hollen. Good news, Kmar is coming back. Bad news. He's being charged. He's being charged with human smuggling. Cut 10. Take a look. Pam Bondi with the big announcement And conspiracy to commit alien smuggling in violation of Title eight USC 13.


24. We want to thank President Quele for agreeing to return Abrego Garcia to the United States. Our government presented El Salvador with an arrest warrant, and they agreed to return him to our country. We're grateful to President Bule for agreeing to return him to our country to face these very serious charges. This is what American Justice looks like. Upon completion of his sentence, we anticipate he will be returned to his home country of El Salvador. She added that. He also apparently, according to one of their sources, was guilty of soliciting child pornography as well.


So this guy is just a barrel full of awful. And so the United States isn't this brilliant. So the left has been pressuring the Trump administration, these crazy outta control district judges didn't think they can run. The immigration system of the United States have been pressuring the Trump administration. Bring him back, bring him back. Bring him back. So the Trump administration, you see what they did? This is amazing. They built a criminal case against Kmar Abrego Garcia. They established that he's been guilty of human smuggling by their count over a hundred times, bringing in some awful people and trafficking innocent humans into the United States, and that he was further guilty of other things like soliciting child porn. And so they said, okay, we'll build a criminal case against him. They actually issued an arrest warrant.


They requested extradition from El Salvador. Quee agreed there. He's sending Ilmar in as a criminal suspect and now he will face trial upon the conclusion of that trial. Either he does time in the clink right here in the United States of America, or he's just deported at the conclusion of the legal proceedings. And so the left doesn't get what it wants. The left does not get what it wants Here. They wanted kil Mark, the Maryland man to be released into the United States of America. That's not happening. That's not happening. You wanted this? Okay, we'll give it to you good and hard. Chris Van Holland crying into his pillow last night, learning all of this news. It really is amazing.


It really is. Holy cow. All right, we've got a big radio show coming up for you today, 12 to three Eastern time. You can watch that@rumble.com slash VINCE, or listen wherever you get a radio show. You can find that at the VINCE show.com. We've got the radio listings there. I've got, we've got big shows planned for this week. We're talking the big beautiful Bill, which by the way, we desperately need passed to get all of these bad actors out of our country. Duh. And then we're gonna talk to Senator Rand. Paul actually coming up this week. He'll stop by the show. Looking forward to that conversation because he's been opposed to the big beautiful Bill. I'll kick the tires on why and see if he's changed his mind at all this week as he sees all of this violence, just like the rest of us.


Craziness. Great to have you with us today on VINCE. Always nice to chat with you.