
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Hope y'all getting ready for Christmas. Tomorrow's that magical day. I still have some young children, so for me it's always special. We've got a producer's picks show lined up for you today. You're gonna love it. Get to my first spot here.


The problem with social media and other so-called free services out there is that they aren't really free, are they? You pay for them by letting these huge tech companies record your activity and sell it to advertisers. If You don't wanna be the product that's bought and sold, you need to start protecting your privacy online. That's what I do. I use ExpressVPN to do it. Your internet service provider can see every website you visit. Then third party data brokers can track your activity through your IP address to build up an enormously detailed profile of you. But 'cause I use ExpressVPN a hundred percent of my online activities rerouted through secure encrypted servers. It means my ISP has no record of my activity and has nothing to sell. ExpressVPN also hides my IP address, which means data brokers can't track me with it and can't assemble a profile of me. I partnered with ExpressVPN 'cause I want all of my viewers to have access to this important privacy protection, which is why right now you can get an extra three months free when you go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Bongino. That's X-P-R-E-S-S ExpressVPN dot com slash Bongino to get an extra three months totally free.


Now for some of the most electric producer selected clips of the year, check this out folks. This was hilarious. Everybody was emailing me last night. Hey Dan, did you see this clip on CNN Tapper and Van Jones? Were talking about Cutesie time. I swear to you I thought it was bullshit. I thought people were messing with me. I'm like they wouldn't be talking about Cutesie time being over. What the hell would CNN be interested in? Cutesie time for the clip, however is real. Took me a few minutes to find it. I'm usually pretty good lickety split, but I don't actually have CNN on my bingo card, so it took me a second to go. I got my spots for Fox and OANN and even M-S-N-B-C. But let me just say in advance before I play this clip, it's about me and potentially the Secret Service.


You know the whole story. I'm, I've already addressed it. I've not spoken to President Trump about that at all. Folks at all. It, it, it's come up on podcast interviews. Of course it's, it's, he's got a thousand things on his plate. I'm just gonna leave that there. However, you know, the president asks you do something he has not. I just wanna be crystal clear on that. This is really important 'cause everybody's talking about this. Like this was some kind of like, especially the way CNN's addressing it. So I haven't heard anything like this. However, I wanna say in advance, I'm not mad at all and I'm not even remotely bitter about Van Jones and Tapper, you know, talking about me and kind of quietly taking a shot at me. You know, they barely mentioned the fact that I had a decade plus in the Secret Service.


Five years in the Presidential Protection division was with the NYPD was a Republican nominee for Senate and the House. Not that you gotta like kiss my ass, but it's always like the right wing personalities. If the only thing I've ever done is politics in my life, whatever, I'm not mad about it. These guys are, you know, opinion people and they talk about the news and the stories in the news. So I'm fair game like anyone else. And I in the scope of things just really wasn't that bad. I mean it was like they were taking a heavy duty podcast, but it is kind of funny. Cutesy time is over. It's gone national. Well it was not CNN so I dunno how national went, but he check this out, it's pretty funny. CNN is reporting that Rightwing Media personality and former Secret Service agent Dan Bonino. We, we, by the way, like years ago, we would have him on to talk about secret service issues on the show.


He is being considered for secret service director. Here's to sum of what he said on his podcast today, on how he views the new administration Cutesy time is over and we led the way and a lot of people are recognizing that folks cutesy time is over. I'll say again today on Wednesday, people are policy and it is time for us because we are the news to double down on the MAGA agenda. Van, you're gonna have to stop being so adorable 'cause cutesy time is over. No, but sir, in all, in all in all sincerity, there is, that does reflect a, an attitude of, of so many of these picks, which is it's time to really, really shake up Washington.


And, and the, and a lot of people think if a lot of Trump supporters think that he went with establishment picks last time and that was a horrible idea. He wasn't able to really drain the swamp and now that's what they're doing. You have to believe a lot of things that are not true for this to make sense. What is the problem you're trying to solve with our intelligence services? We, we get a chance to walk around here and not have bombs blowing up all over the place because our intelligence services are doing a fantastic job keeping us safe. If you think that sending a wrecking ball through our, Okay, I I I now I deserve the chance to respond, right? Like I said, not mad.


I'm not bitter. It's a news story. I'm fair game like anyone else, but so are you guys, right? Jake Van, you guys are in the public public space. So you're fear, you're fear game too. I get the chance to respond. So what's the problem Van we're trying to solve. I I should say we, I'm not in the administration, I have not been asked but assume I was say I was the secret service director sitting there with Ratcliffe and Tulsi and hopefully Cash Patel at FBI. The problem we're trying to solve you completely right over your head missed. I love how he says, does you guys hear this, Michael? He goes, you know these, the intelligence community out there and all these other people, and by the way, secret Service isn't part of the intelligence community.


They consume intelligence, they don't produce it. However, they do consume a lot of intelligence 'cause they wanna make sure they can get the threat right, right. We are not completely, there's a major war in the Middle East that broke out because our intelligence community missed a nine 11 style attack in Israel. There's a, there have been terror attacks where people have been on the FBI's radar and they missed it. Why? Because the fbi, I has been too busy. This is what the CNN bubble looks like. You may have missed these stories. Van, did you miss the story about the FBI and the moms for Liberty, the FBI and the pro-life movement?


These are threats to the United States Grandmas and the Gulag for a trespassing charge on January 6th. This, this is the, this is the security threat that's gonna keep us here. Go get grandma, go get her. Did did, are you, did you miss all this? The FBI didn't even get to the serious stuff. Did you miss the FBI spying on Donald Trump van? I'll give you a little homework. Look up the name Ra Turk. Go look that up. You can read about it in the books I wrote about. If you want go get it from the library here. Thank you guys. I didn't even ask him to throw this. I mean just the News Justice Department investigated the conservatives mom for liberty in the same manner as the Ku Klux Klan.


Again, did you guys miss all this? Why is Trump taking a wrecking ball to the status quo? Because the status quo was failed. There's a thing called opportunity cost van, you waste your time spying on presidential candidates and conservative groups and tea party groups with the IRS and other things. That's time not spent trying to intercept a major terror attack in the Middle East. That does involve us. 'cause we've been dragged into it. The same Death to America crowd was involved in that. The same people who told Biden the intelligence community. Oh, Putin's not gonna invade Ukraine. They missed that one too.


So forget me, pull me out of the story. But cutesy time is over because that's what cutesy time gave you. It gave you a bunch of bullshit investigations and that's why President Trump is reaching out to people who are actual door kickers. I just wanna say again, we have not spoken about this I this story like yesterday on CNN, a whole bunch of reporters are reaching out for me for comment. Why isn't he responding? Because there's nothing to respond about. What do you want me to respond and say? I don't know what you're talking about. Don't, by the way, I don't really speak to reporters anyway about that kind of stuff. Politics. I don't, I don't, I don't talk to reporters, especially left winging ones. Conservative.


Oh, you go cutesy time is over. Could someone send a shirt to Jake store? Do on gino.com Our proceeds go to charity so don't worry. It's not like some moneymaking thing we're doing for us. Store dot on gino.com Somebody mail Jake and send Van a cutesy time is over. Probably extra small. Send them over. Cutesy time is over. Maybe they'll pin one up in their office. We, there's all there. We have all sizes in stock. Someone make a donation over to CNM. I saw that last night. Again, I'm not mad at these guys. I'm part of the news. I'm fair game. I, I don't have a thick skin. But I do realize that being in the business when you're part of the news, you're part of the news.


You don't wanna be part of the news. Stop being a wuss and don't be a public figure. Okay? End of story. Go do something else. And I like doing what I'm doing so it's part of the business. Dear liberals, we are always right. What is two thumbs and is always correct along with his little Bongino army, which isn't so little anymore. This guy by the way, thank you for making us according to Tritons Ranker in October. I can't believe it. The number three podcast in the United States. Never saw that coming. Thank you guys. Love the Bongino Army. You guys kick ass and take names. Absolutely adore you guys. We are always right. Why is our army not so little anymore and growing because it's fact-based to show.


We've told the libs, we've warned them a thousand times your fascination with identity, politics and division. It's going to catch up with you. Why do you remember in the chat folks in the chat? Do you remember? Oh there we go. Back up. Look at him. We got 125 too. Nice. Alright, we're fully back up. Thank you Chris for fending off another massive attack. These guys are so good. Boom, boom. Done just like that. We told you a long time ago that the cannibalism theory was gonna take over the cannibalism theory in the left. For those who are new to the show is this conservatives, the MAGA crowd, libertarians and tea party. People started giving liberals the double barrel middle finger with cancel culture a long time ago.


They just pound right to it. Don't say masks don't work. What do MAGA people do? They go to Twitter the next day are all caps they put now masks definitely don't work. We don't care. So eventually they've had to dial back because they know they're wasting their time. But there's power for them in canceling people. Okay? So when they can't cancel conservatives and MAGA people, 'cause we just don't listen, we flip 'em off. They were gonna turn on themselves. And this is what's happening with identity politics with the left. If you happen to be black, right? You've been told by the media forever, right? The left man, they're looking out for your interests against those horrible Republicans. You're now finding out that it's actually the Republicans that have been looking out for your interest against the horrible Democrats.


Because if you're black and you say, Hey, I'm a father who happens to be black and the left told me like I'm a big interest group, they're looking out for me. But I don't want a man in the bathroom with my 12-year-old daughter. A man, an actual man. The left will then attack you. You get what they're doing. They can't attack us 'cause we're just gonna hammer ahead. We've never wanted men in a women's bathroom, but now they're eating each other alive. And I tell you, man, I am buying my ticket in the front row to see it. This is glorious. Please keep this up begging you. Please keep this up. Here's a tweet from some communist Tim Miller. He is at the Bulwark, which is the com site.


Is it wrong to suggest that Sarah McBride, she's the new trans member of Congress, should follow Mike Johnson in the men's room and stand right behind him at the urinal at the next opportunity. Tim, that's a great idea. You tell the trans member of Congress, Sarah McBride, who's a man, tell Sarah McBride to follow everyone. You, this is working out great. I'm dead serious folks. I'm not kidding. You guys have given such great advice at the Bulwark. The Bulwark, which is like a comi site, which has been wrong about everything, every significant political trend of our time. The bulwark, have they not guys have been on the wrong side of every one of them.


Please take Tim's advice and make Sarah McBride and the trans issue the focus of everything in your next term. Please do that. We're actually begging you to do it. Your fascination with division cannibalism and eating each other alive has done so well for you. You lost every single swing state despite having every single lever of power behind you, mainstream media, academia, entertainment, even Taylor Swift, and you got your asses kicked because your issues suck. You definitely gotta keep up more of this dude. Did you guys see this clip?


Tell me when I sent this over, you guys weren't in love right away. I had to put this, I never put clips like this in the beginning of the show. Never. This one's right in the beginning. You see this lunatic, Jasmine Crockett, she's a member of Congress, obviously a Democrat. I, this one, I'm not sure about her psychological status. I'm really not. Here she is again, she's a member of Congress. Paid probably close to, if not more than $200,000 a year. She has lobbyists kissing in her ass every day. She will never ever be middle class for the rest of her life. Lobbyists will pay her, she'll be given speeches. Okay? She is living in the lifestyle. She is a, she is a one percenter, okay? Here she is complaining about being oppressed and again, blaming the white man.


The white, which is by by na, by its very definition racist. She's categorizing a group of people according to their race without knowing any of 'em. And basically saying, look at you guys, you guys, here's Jasmine Crockett, please keep this stuff up. This identity politics is such a winner for you guys on the left, I wanna fund a pack. Check this out. You Can then misuse words like oppression. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country. You tell me which white men were dragged out of their homes. You tell me which one of them got dragged all the way across an ocean and told that, gonna, we're gonna steal your wives, we're gonna rape your wives.


That didn't happen. That is oppression. We didn't ask to be here. We not the same migrants that y'all constantly come up against. We didn't run away from home. We were stolen. So yeah, we're gonna sit here and be offended when you wanna sit here and act like and and, and don't let it escape you that it's white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that, that y'all are the ones being oppressed, that y'all are the ones that are being harmed. Folks, please can someone, someone and folks in the chat, I'm, I'm glad to see everyone's back. Good.


Yeah, right, right. Rockham stock robot. I just saw that in the chat. Can someone in the chat get like Jasmine Raett pack and just like buy the url.com. We need this woman in leadership on the left. We need to make sure that this woman is a potential presidential candidate in the future. Lefties, please keep this up. Jasmine, I suggest you and Tim Miller get together over coffee and the Starbucks have a macchiato or whatever. It's kind of a left wing place. You guys would be, you guys would be great together. Get together the agenda for the Democrats midterm platform. Make it about following while women and men into bathrooms, were near the opposite sex. That's a great idea. And keep telling white men and women across America busting their ass to stay ahead in this country with inflation.


That they're somehow oppressing you while you're paying. Two, you're paying $200,000 a year to sit in Congress and have someone kiss your ass. They, yes. Keep it up, Jasmine. We love it. The judges ruled folks in the chat, you think it's a great idea. Get this woman in leadership. Make her the whip. Make her the minority leader. I don't care. Crock Harris, 2028 Crockett Harris, 2028 G's looking into it now G's gonna put, they're gonna put a campaign sign together. I want this woman running for president. This has worked so well folks. This stuff is G, this will this. This is going to be the death of the Democrat party. But do you understand Dan? Stop telling him.


Listen to me. Brothers and sisters, listen to your boy. I am in a really good mood today. So much good stuff going on. So much. I am in an amazing mood today. Couldn't wait to do the show. Listen to your boy here. Please it. Please, it doesn't freaking matter how many times we cover this stuff and make fun of them for doing it. They cannot control themselves. Do you understand that? I mean, to sound like an asshole, they can't stop because they don't know anything else. Jasmine Crockett doesn't know anything about anything either.


Does Tim Miller or else his predictions would've been correct? He's been on the wrong side of everything along with his entire team. They don't know anything. All they know is insult division politics and identity politics. They can't stop.


Hope you're enjoying this show. Quick break for you here. I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket for a long time and Paula loves a red light face mask. I love life hacks. They sent it to me. Can't recommend 'em highly enough. I first turned to the sauna blanket a couple years ago. It helped me with muscle recovery. You know I have bad arthritis. Helped me with some pain relief too. It worked for me. It was incredible. It's been a game changer. It's easy to use. You just wrap yourself up in the blanket and let the infrared heat work its magic. I've noticed a real difference in how relaxed I am. I've even seen a difference in my blood work since it's been amazing. I feel rejuvenated. The Red Light face mask is equally as impressive. Paula's been using it to help improve her skin's texture and reduce inflammation. The results are fantastic. Just check her out on my Instagram. Her skin's smoother, looks more vibrant and the overall tone is evened out. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. If you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com/ Bongino and use code Bongino at checkout to save 25% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on helping my wellness routine and I'm sure you'll love them too. Use Code Bongino at B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E bone charge.com/ Bongino to save 25% off. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. Thanks Bo in charge.


We've got some more absolute fire producers picks clips coming up for you right now. I'm gonna throw something out at you right up front here. They know exactly who owns these drones and what they're doing in the sky, but they don't wanna tell you for a reason. The reason is the United States government and the deep staters involved in it, they don't wanna scare you with their own inadequacy folks. I'm telling you right now, they know who these drones belong to. We are at real risk here. Our airspace is not secure. They don't know what to do with these drones.


And you know I said bottom line up front. So let me, I hate teases because they're for morons. Oh, stay tuned later in the show. If you like the show, you'll stay no matter what. I'm 95% sure if not more, it's China or some foreign adversary I some role in it could be wrong. I'm throwing it out there and I'm basing it on a few different things. Let's dig in. Receipts matter. Okay, Congressman Jeff Andrew will be on my radio show later. He represents an area in New Jersey where they've had this issue, right? He was a former Democrat, now Republican. It'll be on the radio show later today. If you wanna tune in, you can Check it out on Rumble and Locals. The last hour, of course is for local subscribers.


We're doing a conversion, by the way, soon over to Rumble Premium. So hang out. I got a few questions about that that I from from listeners. Here's a tweet from Congressman van Drew. Folks, I have no reason to believe this guy's lying about any of this. He says, first the Chinese spy balloon drifted across US airspace for a week. Yeah, that's right. Now unidentified drones are flying over New Jersey avoiding radar detection gaps. Listen to the last line. Gaps in our airspace are being exploited and because of it, the safety of Americans is at risk. Dan, you're throwing this out there. You think it may be China or some foreign adversary. Why? Because I'm listening to people who are in the know, in the area who are probably being told things but can't say it.


Gaps in our airspace are being exploited and because of it, the safety of Americans is at risk. This is the congressman in that area. Watch this interview with him on Fox talking about these drone orb, UAP sightings in the area. I want you to listen carefully to the language. Sometimes they know things but they don't wanna say things. Check this out. You see, Trump National Golf Club isn't far from the pickin arsenal military base, which some thought may be behind the drones, but the base tells Fox News quote, while the source and cause of these aircraft operating in our area remain unknown, we can confirm that they are not the result of any pickin arsenal related activities.


Now, Fox News also spoke with Congressman Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey. He said it doesn't appear the pilots of these drones are breaking any laws, rules or regulations. They're staying out of restricted airspace, which he says is an indication that they know what they're doing. I do not believe it's the US military. And if it is and if they're doing exercises, shame on on them for the disor disorganized way. They, they are doing it. I don't believe it is them. I am hopeful it is not a foreign adversary yet. I do worry about that. Yeah, and this will be a main topic of conversation at a house hearing on Capitol Hill today that starts at two o'clock focused on the safety implications of drone technology.


And Congressman Van Drew tells Fox that the United States is behind specifically China with this technology and that we need to do a better job of defending against and integrating drone technology. We'll send it back to you, Dana, Folks, the congressman in and around the area is quote, hoping that the US it's, it's, it's is, is not behind this, this China thing. He's hoping it's not a foreign adversary. Listen, hope is not a solution. Now I'm reading a rumble chat during, while the clip is playing and I, I get it. No matter what you say in this, I, I love everyone in the chat, obviously everybody's here. We open up the chat so you can have your opinion. No matter what you say, you piss people off.


You tell people it's aliens. They're like, you're a conspiracy theorist. You tell people it's not to worry about, it's just Amazon or whatever. They're like, oh my gosh Dan, this could be a real threat. You tell people, Hey man, I think this is China or a foreign adversary here. Or see like you're trying to induce panic. I'm not inducing shit. Panic kills, don't shit the bed ever. I'm exchanging information with you. You do what you want with it. My job is to get you information. Period. Folks, Congress gets briefings on this stuff. Congress gets briefings on this stuff 'cause they gotta fund a lot of this stuff. Now, not to be clear, not every member of Congress, depending on your committee, is going to get a briefing on every little detail of what's going on.


And with this deep state we have that is terrified of their shortcomings and inadequacies, knowing there's a new administration coming in. I believe we're being tested right now. Someone's sending a message. Look what they've been hiding from you. Watch, just pay attention to the story. The footprints are all there. Here's another congresswoman I know pretty well. Nicole Malaka. She represents the area. Northern New Jersey, New York, the Veno Bridge, which if you know, if you know New York, you know the Verano Bridge very well. It's, it's in the New York, New Jersey area with that connection point, right? She is right in that area right there. Nicole Malaka, you would think would be one of the people like Van Drew who is getting some kind of a briefing on what the is going on over here.


Here's Nicole. Now Malki talking about the Verno bridge, seeing a lot of this activity right now, this is a critical critical junction point in that northeast area of the United States. Check this out. Last night A constituent saw one of these drones hovering over the Ano bridge, which connects Staten Island and Brooklyn. And on one side of that you have the Coast Guard base at Fort Wadsworth. And on the other side of that, we have an army base in Fort Hamilton in Brooklyn. And so it is very concerning that they're choosing to fly these things over, as Phil Murphy said, sensitive infrastructure or military installations. And we deserve and demand answers and we would expect our, we would affect our government agencies to have those answers for elected officials.


Folks, I'm telling you, they have the answer. I know they have the answer. So why won't they tell anyone the answer? Because the answer is we don't know. That's the answer. And they don't want Congress. People like Mal Takis, van Drew and others out there, Chris Smith and others asking questions. They don't want them saying the obvious follow-up, which is what, how the hell do you not know? You have a trillion dollar military budget, you're busy with woke DI bullshit in the Pentagon. Oh, oh, oh, oh.


And you can't tell us who this is. Folks they don't know. Oh, they know when they're hiding it. They either don't know or they know and are hiding it and the answer's not good. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre at the White House podium yesterday. Totally, completely incompetent. Looking, annoyed at the question because I'm telling you Biden does not want to admit, while they were busy reorienting the Pentagon to be a social justice organization around the world, that our airspace is completely at risk from technologies we bo we both do and don't understand and don't know what to do with the military does not know what to do with these things because they don't have any kind of force, pro force plan against 'em.


Use of force plan. What are they gonna do? Shoot 'em out of the sky. They don't know what to do. Folks. I gotta, let's just say trust. Trust me on this show please. There's more here. They don't know what to do. You all thought the Secret Service had an elaborate airspace security plan too, till you found out they had a dude trying to operate a drone that didn't even think to get a cell signal up in time. They were out in the middle of nowhere and the drone didn't work. The 20-year-old with an Amazon drone, whatever, beat them. You think our military's got this thing, figured it out at the leadership level.


You sure. 'cause it's your national security at risk. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre. Again, looking totally annoyed at the question folks. They're not giving you an answer 'cause I'm telling you they don't know or they know and they just don't wanna tell you. Check this out. There Have been repeated drone sightings in the Northeast, especially in New Jersey. These are not small drones, some of them pretty large. They're flying at low altitudes, they're flying in flocks. Has the president been briefed on this situation? So we are certainly aware, the president is aware. So we are closely tracking and the activity and coordinating closely with relevant agency, including DHS and FBI to continue the, to investigate these incidents.


Don't have anything beyond that to share. Obviously this is something that DHS and FBI are are tracking very, very closely. And so I would have to refer you to, to them directly. But aware, keeping an eye out and looking into the incidents that you just mentioned. Couple Still though, but yeah. Yeah. Has the, has the federal government ruled out that these are controlled by foreign entities? Yeah. And do you know if they're conducting surveillance over these? So I cannot make any, any kind of predictions or comments about that specifically from here. This is something that DHS is looking at and FBI, so I would have to refer you to them. I don't have anything beyond that.


We're tracking this very closely. Obviously we're all aware of the incidents that have been reported. I I'm not going to go into what they could be or could not be from here. That is something that obviously is being looked at as those respective agencies that I mentioned. When was the president freaked on this? I, I don't have a timeline, but he certainly has, has been made aware of it. You don't have a timeline, but he's been made aware of it. What? You just don't remember when. It sounds like kind of a, BFD, a big freaking deal. Airspace in the sensitive area. The United States seems to be infiltrated by objects you are claiming in a public podium. You have no freaking idea what they are. Folks. Listen man, nobody panicked.


We're panicked now. We have a powerful military. I'm, we're not gonna be invaded tomorrow by aliens or China. Okay? Forget the panic line. Okay? You don't shit the bed no matter what concern. You have to be freaking crazy to not be concerned about this story. 'cause there's only two scenarios. I can't say this enough either. They have no idea who is violated our domestic airspace in sensitive areas, which is a 10 outta 10 on the, what the hell is going on me? Or a nine outta 10, which is they do know they can't do anything about it and they're lying to you about it.


That's maybe a 9.5. It gets even worse. By the way, Corrine Jean Pierre, here's the key line. DHS, department of Homeland Security for the liberals listening and the FBI are closely tracking it. How closely they don't, can't figure it out. Did you follow one of these things? Did you see where it landed? Are you tracking it on airspace folks? I'm gonna put a little cap on this thing in a minute and you're gonna see what I mean. I'm Holman Jenkins at the Wall Street Journal has been reporting on this forever. Forever. He's a great reporter.


This is not new. This story about airspace violations. And he's gonna explain to you in this piece exactly what I've been telling you, that there's a whole lot going on here. And they're afraid of Donald Trump and Pete Hegseth coming into the Pentagon as commander in chief and defense secretary going, what the hell's been on our airspace for the last five years? And them going, I don't know, man. What do you mean you don't know? This is a bigger story. Here's an FBI agent up on Capitol Hill yesterday being questioned about this U-A-P-U-F-O phenomenon.


I think the most disturbing answer is the last 10 seconds where again, this guy's on the record here and he says, Hey man, I wish we knew, but we just don't know. How do you not know? You seem to know everything about a peepee hoax and a fake tape and spying on Donald Trump. You don't know what's flying over the skies in the northeast of the United States. Come on, bro. Do better watch this. FBI in our Newark field, along with the state and local partners there are, or the bureau is actively investigating the, the situation you mentioned, just the unexplained sighting of drone activity over, over that part of New Jersey, including proximity to sensitive sites and areas of concern.


So the, we do not attribute that to an individual or a group yet we're investigating, but I don't have an answer of who's responsible for that, of one or more people that are responsible for those drone flights. But we're actively invest investigating what the bureau has done to aid our state and local partners is what we generally do. Enlist the help of the interagency, enlist the help of the public. There's a tip line there that one 800 call FBI tips, FBI for information from the public that could help us resolve this.


It is concerning. There is, is Is the public at risk? Is, is public safety at risk? Are we concerned that there are nefarious intentions that could cause either national security or or a public safety incident that would put Americans at risk? There's nothing that is known that would lead me to to say that. But we just don't know. And that's the concerning part. He just doesn't know if the public's at risk and that's the concerning part. Yeah, yeah. That is the concerning part.


Folks. I, you know, I don't cover these kind of click Beatty stories. This is not one of those things. You have a bunch of people in a constitutional public we've entrusted with power who don't like to look stupid. They don't wanna look stupid, okay? They'll lie to you, they'll give you a fake answer. They'll obfuscate, but they don't wanna look stupid and come on, let's be on, they'll be commies, scumbags, everything else. They'll lie. But saying in public you don't know is generally not a good thing. They don't like to do that. You've now got Jeff, Andrew, Congressman, I don't know from New Jersey. Mal Takis, Congresswoman, New York, New Jersey area, New York, New Jersey area.


I don't know. Karine Jean Pierre. She doesn't know anything said about, she's like, I don't know. That's not for you. Got FBI agent. Hey man, I don't know. Does anybody know? Justin says, I don't know if anybody, I don't know either. I'm telling you this is some foreign adversary who is scoping out something sensitive. Something sensitive. The reason it's being, the reason by the way, it's a hotspot in New Jersey is 'cause it's a very population dense area and a lot of people are seeing it. I'm not so sure this isn't happening all over the country. Matter of fact, there've been reports elsewhere as well.


Hope you're enjoying the show so far. I told you these guys put together a great show for you. We got Christmas coming up tomorrow, so I hope you're all getting prepared, getting ready. I hope this show is helping put you in a good mood. Hey, it's time for you to be awake, not woke. Start your day with blackout coffee. Perfect around Christmas. Nothing better around the Christmas tree to be drinking some blackout coffee. I like the cinnamon French toast of blueberry crumbles amazing too. Or throw the dark chocolate in there. There'll be a fight in your house over which one's the best. Their coffee's amazing. They're used premium beans. They ship within 48 hours. Skip the long lines at the store and order online. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. It's fresh. It's a bold coffee taste, but never bitter. You want coffee to taste like coffee, not brown water. Therefore go with blackout coffee. Do me a favor. Blackout coffee.com/ Bongino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Time to quit drinking that woke corporate junk crap every morning. Drink a real coffee, blackout coffee.com/ Bongino. Use coupon code Bongino for 20% off your first order to make the switch to Blackout Coffee. The official Coffee of the Bongino Army


and our last sponsor today, Omaha Steaks are the perfect gift to deliver comfort and joy to the ones you love. With curated gift packages, Omaha Steaks consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hand-selected by master butchers from the finest grass finished beef, extra age flash, frozen at peak flavor and delivered right to you. And now you can deliver the perfect gift with 50% off Sitewide at Omaha Steaks. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code. Bongino at checkout. Minimum purchase and restrictions may apply. Omaha Steaks is delicious. Put a little crust on that steak cut right in. You can taste some of the best meat you've ever had. Omaha Steaks makes it easy to shop with these expertly crafted gift packages. They're perfectly aged steaks to maximize tenderness. Hand cut by master butchers in America's heartland, grass fed green finished beef is more marbling for exceptional flavor. It's a choice of steakhouse and professional chefs across the country, across the world. The fan, a fan favorite for Le Mignons are in the coveted distinction of USDA certified tender. Give the gift of comfort with Omaha Steaks. Go to Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off side wide on unforgettable gifts and more. And for an extra $30 off use promo code Bongino or checkout minimum purchase may apply. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com. O-M-A-H-A And get an extra $30 off with promo code Bongino at check out Omaha Steaks Delicious every single time. Check 'em out.


Now. Back to the show folks. They're freaking out. Nothing's working anymore. That's why I tell you. Gas pedal down bro. Gas pedal down red line at RPM meter, straight ahead. Push tulsi through push RFK through this transition. Team's been doing a great job and definitely get he through. Get them through and let your Republican senators know we're watching folks. We are watching. You want donations, you want volunteers. You want us to vote for you? You want a primary? We are watching. These are qualified candidates. Trump earn the right to pick his transition team. These people aren't criminals.


These people aren't serial murderers. Trump sees something in him and he has a vision of where he wants to bring government. The American people voted for it. He won the popular vote. Every swing state, it's time to get these people through. Now the good news for all the senators on the fence, I don't know if I'm gonna vote for these nominees or not. Okay, well we voted for you. It's a representative democracy to represent what we want. And this is what we want. We approve of the Trump transition. How do I know that? 'cause even CNN was forced to recognize the fact that the transition from the transition team from Biden to Trump that's happening right now is going just swimmingly. Even CNN had to acknowledge it. Fake news network. Check this out.


Take a look here. President Trump's transition net approval. You go back to November of 2016. Look at this. It was just a plus one point just at plus one point that is well, well, well below the historical norm. Look at where we are today. Significantly higher plus 18 points at 17 points higher on the presidential transition net approval rating. The bottom line is this, if eight years ago Americans were lukewarm on Donald Trump at this particular point, they're giving him much more of the benefit of the doubt. A lot more Americans are in love with this transition. This much more meets the historical norms where normally presidents get that boost coming out of their victory. And what we're seeing here is Donald Trump's presidential transition is getting a thumbs up.


And dare I say two thumbs up from the American people. Thank you. By the way. Everyone post on the Twitter I just checked again. I really appreciate it. This army's growing by the day Thanksgiving week, 140,000. We're not even halfway through the show yet. Listen, we're, we've been ahead of this from the start. If the transition was so unpopular, then why isn't the transition so unpopular? The Moneyball rule, right? If he's a good hitter, why doesn't he hit good? The transition is popular because everything the media is telling you about the nominees is bull. Everything. Everything. And nobody believes you idiots. That's why Jim there. Hey Vander. Hey. Hi. Oh, whatever. That's why he's flipping out.


He's screaming into the abyss. Yeah, the show's on fire because I'm sick of assholes in the media. They scream into the abyss every time people used to listen. Nobody's listening and out are pissed off. 'cause no one's listening. Folks. Glenn Greenwald is a another Rumble creator. Glenn Greenwald. We don't share a lot of political positions, but one thing I have always absolutely respected about Glenn is he's an actual journalist. He follows the facts. He's been way ahead of a lot of stories when some, you know, liberal reporters have pushed him in a different direction and he is an absolute die hard advocate for free speech and against censorship Die hard. And we should welcome those people. We don't have to agree with people on everything. We don't taxes social welfare policies.


We don't. I mean it's a constitutional republic, but there should be an overlapping of those circles. And in the middle should be a love for America and a love for constitutional rights. Glenn has that. Here is Glenn, in one of the single best minutes you're gonna hear diagnosing the problem they're gonna have going forward. These M-S-N-B-C and fake news people, as the extinction burst continues, folks, they really pissed. C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, the New York Times and the Washington Post, that all the fake narratives have gone into the abyss. Like this is smarter. Kicking a guy down. That's where they're going. Nobody's listening anymore. And the thing is there, it's never ever going to get better. I'm telling you, smile on Thanksgiving week.


The best day the liberal media had was yesterday. And the best day they had before that was the day before. It will never, ever get any better for them. It is over. We have won. And now it's time to make the win. Hit the gas pedal and win by 18 horse lengths. Freaking sea biscuit style. Watch Glen Greenwald explain the death of the modern left wing comm media. Check this out. Trump Is back in power. And one of the things that has happened amazingly since the, since Kala's Loss, is that the M-S-N-B-C audience, which is already tiny, has basically completely disappeared. Like the number of people watching those shows when they're live in prime time with that big, gigantic corporate power behind them promoting it.


It's, it's less than a lot of like YouTube shows including like, oh wait, wait, yeah. Including like, I don't mean like the cumulative audience of how many people watch YouTube or YouTube video. At the end of the day, I just mean live watching like Dan Bongino Show has, I think Un Rumble has like five or six or seven times more. Oh for sure viewers than MSNBC's Pride Time. This is on Rumble, you know, which a lot of people don't even know about. Don't even watch that audience is gone in part because they feel disillusioned that the people they trusted who told them Trump was going to prison, the whole Trump family was going to prison. Trump could never win. He was gonna be in jail before the election. All the women were gonna rise up and vote for Kamala out of anger toward Trump.


None of that happened. And they're like, I've been watching this show every day for nothing. It was, I was it like none of it happened. None of it was true. And that audience is gone half out of disillusionment and anger, but half out of just like kind of checking out through impotence and helplessness. I wait to timeout. Thanks. The timeouts on the show is a freaking basketball game. Congrats Auburn Tigers last night, by the way, beating Iowa State. Jenai Broome tipping it in at the end. Nice. I'm embarrassed. I gotta call a to maybe a 22nd. I swear to you on my life, on every single thing that matters to me, strike me dead if I'm lying.


I did not when I cut that clip, hear my name in there. I'm, I'm not kidding. No Dan, it's humble, but it is not. I swear to you, I'm listening to that. I'm going, holy shit. He's talking about me in there too. I was so obsessed with the end to that, that I did not even hear myself when I cut that clip. Thank you Glenn, for the compliment. I'm now I feel embarrassed. I feel like I'm putting it out there for me. I promise you, I promise you on my integrity. I did not hear that. It was the end of it that I love. 'cause I've been telling you this forever. Once you realize you've been lied to, not once or twice, but repeatedly. The pp hoax, the Spygate scandal you were told was fake, but it is real.


The Hunter Biden laptop, the Mike Flynn attack by Joy. You know, joy Behar and others. Remember that once you've been lied to over and over, how do you go back? I've been bringing this point up so often that I'm glad I know Glen's been on this forever. Like at what point do you say to yourself, I just wanna hear the truth because think about this, think about this. If this doesn't make sense, guys tell me it doesn't make sense. You gotta be the audience ombudsman. I get that. The lies feel good. Donald Trump is a Putin asset. If you're a crazy antit Trumper, right?


But there's a real material loss for you that you've been lied to. Hey man, we gotta lock this guy up. He's a fraudster and then you weaponize government against him and he wins and you lose everything. At some point you wanna be told the truth, right? Does that make sense? Like you wanna be prepared to not lose, even if the facts are uncomfortable, that reckoning is gonna happen soon. Here's Tucker Carlson, he's on Clayton Morris's podcast talking about exactly the point brought up that their days are over. The hegemonic monopolistic rule of the American psyche and zeitgeist of the day is over Nita la Mu man, the song is over.


Check this out. If there's a lesson of what happened to television and newspapers, print and you know, legacy media, if they died because they were corrupt, I mean the business model changed, et cetera, et cetera. There are ways to you can, they won't evolve. Like the people who work at NBC News will not have careers in journalism 10 years from now. And the reason they won't is not because of technology. It's because they have no credibility, because they're corrupt. They're they're liars. So that's really the lesson. Corruption kills you, especially in a business predicated on trust, which is the media. I get it, I get it. Was comfortable to believe this stuff because everybody wants the be noir.


You know, everybody wants that. That beast that caused all their problems. Oh my. Wasn't me. It wasn't me or my failures, it was the patriarchy. It was white privilege. Everybody who falls victim to their own shortcomings, everyone, good people, bad people and different people, right? They want something or someone to blame. It's hard to look in the mirror and say, I didn't get it done because I didn't get it done. That's hard folks. That's why liberalism is such an easy cop out. The problem liberals are having now, the police did it to you. The white man did it to you. The patriarchy did it to you.


The problem they're having now is this woke bullshit is now costing them. It has a real material impact. They're losing their power, they're losing their jobs. You see this story about the DNC today in Fox, these staffers are all crying 'cause they didn't get severance pay. What the hell did you think was gonna happen? They're like, we want $25,000 checks. You lost, you got severed by the voters. They told you to beat it. There's this is having a real material cost and now liberals are starting to wake up and go believing that bullshit and voting on it was a real mistake.


We got robbed, we got mugged. Look at his daily wire story. We always bring receipts. Post-election fallout for George Soros back, prosecutors, George George Gascon from Los Angeles lost by over 600,000 votes to Nathan Hockman. Gascon was a Soros guy. So you see what I'm getting at? Because you believed Geraldo and others and left wing media goofballs like Rachel Maddow and Al Sharpton, that the police were hunting black men in the streets. A total bullshit narrative completely made up by the left. You voted for George Soros back. Liberal prosecutors. What did they do?


They let bad guys outta jail. That preyed on you. Preyed on you, killed people, raped people, murdered people. And now you're like, you know what? There was a real material cost for me believing that bs. That's why you're seeing the shift. Oh look, M-S-N-B-C your head now, they're worried about the future. Maybe you shouldn't have lied to people and your staffers wouldn't be worried about their freaking jobs. Folks, everything we've told you on this show, everything of substance from Spygate to collusion to the laptop, everything we've told you on this show has turned out to be true. And if you doubt any of it and you believe again the Twitter deep state crowd, just go do your homework about who was right and who was wrong.


And you'll see why the deep staters and the liberal media hate us. We also told you from the start that the law fair against President Trump was going to backfire. Go watch the shows, man. The receipts are everywhere. Go back and watch past shows. Watch the couple days after he was mug shotted and dragged through court. We said, this is gonna blow up. If the New York Times crowd just would've listened to us, you may have fared better in the election. Here's the New York Times, just the other day. Now finally acknowledge that, that the more uncomfortable truth is that quote, our search for political salvation through the law has backfired.


No, I told you it was gonna backfire. You remember the shows, folks in the chat? Do you remember you P ones out there loyal Dan Bonino Army members love you guys. Do you remember me saying exactly these words that there are a lot of people out there who quote, have been aggrieved by government and feel like they, they've been screwed over. Their businesses were attacked by regulators and county commissioners. The IRS is auditing them for some BS tax bill from five years ago. They feel like the government gave them the double barrel middle finger. So now what happens?


The government goes after Donald Trump and these people at home were saying, what? Samuel Moine from the New York Times, if you just would've listened to your boy Danny Boom bot's here, you wouldn't be writing this stupid ass article. They see Donald Trump get arrested for at best, at best a political crime. At best. There was nothing there. And they're thinking, my gosh, a billionaire, former president's a victim of the same system I am. They tried to make a race thing out of it. It wasn't a race thing. Yes, there were black men and Hispanic men and Hispanic women and Asian women and Asian men who feel aggrieved.


But it wasn't a black thing or a Hispanic thing. It was a people getting fucked over thing. Pardon my language, too stupid to understand it. You New York Times morons. This show has been way ahead of it. If you idiots would've listened to us, you wouldn't find yourself now up the creek without a paddle. You guys not remember how many shows we did on that. There were people out there who've been screwed over by the same system. You were too stupid to get your head cranial recto outta your colon and see it. You were lied to the whole time about everything.


If you are a lefty, if you're an anti-Trump lunatic, you were lied to. I tried to warn you. Hope you all enjoyed that show. My producers always have a really good, really good flavor for what the best clips of the year are gonna be. I told you those were pretty electric. I hope you enjoyed 'em. I hope they made your Christmas Eve a very, very merry when have a great holiday tomorrow. Enjoy yourselves, enjoy your family. That's what really matters. And today, Jesus was welcome to the world. So that's the most important takeaway. God bless, I'll see you back here next week. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.