
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. You know, I'm not gonna let anyone in my listening audience in this vast and growing bonino army fall prey to this psyop by the left. 'cause that's exactly what it is. Don't you dare politicize. He's Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have school children murdered in school shootings and 10 seconds later, if you're a, a farmer in the eastern portion of Ohio that owns a firearm, you're all of a sudden a serial killer. Now we have a catastrophe, an apocalyptic scenario on the west coast in California, unquestionably exacerbated by government, which sucks at every single thing it does.


All the time. Every time. And you expect us to sit here and blame it on climate change. We're not gonna do it. We're not doing it. I'm not gonna let you do it either. Not that you would. It's not happening. Cover that also Donald Trump's said Jimmy Carter's funeral service today. Quick comment on that at the beginning, the, the, the Democrats right now and their media allies just floundering everywhere about the catastrophe they caused.


Folks stop giving you money to woke. Companies. Go with Blackout Coffee. Visit Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for 20% off your first order. The official coffee, the Bino Army Chicken Out today's show.


Also brought to you by America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile. We may have won the election, but the fight to restore this great nation is only beginning. Now's the time to take a stand. Use Patriot Mobile. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service to call to action, to defend our rights and freedoms with Patriot Mobile to get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. Every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile Sports Company believes in the first and second amendments to sanctity of life and are veterans and first responders switching Switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgraded. The 100% US based customer service team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of services with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, fellas, big show today. Lot to talk about. Let's go ring that bell. I wanna show you this first little video. Donald Trump is at the funeral service for Jimmy Carter today. You know, I wonder what he must be thinking surrounding about around. I mean, this really shows you how really, how decent of a guy Donald Trump is. He's sitting here, You know, chatting with Obama and these other, he's sitting with a group of people, Kamala Harris, Doug Emh, the Bushes, everyone else. People who either stood by and did nothing or people who directly attacked him with weaponized government. Now you may say to yourself, well, why is he being nice? The answer is 'cause that's who Donald Trump is. You know, all these left wing, You know, bullshit arguments.


Oh my gosh, Donald Trump's a Nazis evil. He's a demon. You know, you may not like the fact that he does, but he's a rather magnanimous guy. He sits there and he knows he's at a funeral. He knows it's not the right time. So what does he do? He makes small talk with these people. Again, you may not like it. I'm just telling you the arguments that this guy is some evil outta control demon or ridiculous. Nearly every single person in this, you see it on. You got Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, you got the Bushes, you got Pence, you got Barack Obama, the founder of the feast. You got Kamala Harris. Nearly every single one of these people has partaken in an effort to corrupt government, to unethically illegally and morally in an evil manner.


Attack Donald Trump. And what does he do? He goes and pays respects to one of the most liberal presidents of all time. It's a guy's funeral. I'm gonna pass today in any criticisms, my choice. You do whatever you want. We'll cover the Carter presidency maybe in some more detail another day. 'cause there are some things that came outta that that weren't awful. The deregulatory stuff. And there were other things that were beyond awful, including the diminishment of the United States on the national stage like you're seeing now and inflation. What are you talking about, Joe Biden? No, I'm talking about Jimmy Carter. But they do stay. There's a lot in common, but we'll talk about that another day. It's funeral today. And I refuse to act like leftists do.


Do not fall for the Psyop folks. You have a massive failure of the left wing model of big government right now going on right in front of your very eyes. And the left is desperate to get you to shut up about it. Now, I wanna be absolutely clear. If these catastrophic apocalyptic fires happened in Texas, Florida, or Mississippi, there would be ringing condemnation from every piece of scum in the media calling for public executions of governors, state, local mayors officials, county commissioners, and anyone else involved. But because Democrat liberal communes run California, gee, can we go a little bit outta order?


Can you pull that political tweet up? What do you get? You get no condemnation of Democrats at all and you get a bunch of Republicans pounce stories. Republicans unleash on never about the actual failures. Look at this. Politico Republicans are blaming dem policies for the catastrophic wildfires tearing through Los Angeles Republicans, pounce Republicans unleash Republicans unload. Notice how whenever Democrats f something up, which is every single time because government sucks, it has no incentive to ever do anything right? It steals your money at the end of a barrel of a gun. There is nothing you can do about it. And whether government sucks or not, you never get a refund.


It doesn't matter. Government never goes outta business. There's no pressure for it to go outta business. The media protects them from any bad press. Imagine being a restaurant that food poisons people every night and some review site like a Yelp or whatever, deletes every negative review. That's the media. It's the best analogy I can ever give you. That's the media to the business of government. It is no incentive to not suck. People are dead. The damage in Los Angeles and some of the surrounding areas is gonna be so catastrophic when this is over, despite repeated warnings that the fact that to this day, some a lot, but not all, some media people are even coming around.


You'll see what I mean in a minute, are still protecting these idiots. Meanwhile, if this was Ron DeSantis, I'm telling you they'd be called Republic Executions right now. It's absolutely disgusting. And then you got this loser in the White House who again did nothing about this. California's a state in the United States. Joe Biden's, president of the United States, Joe Biden could have asked questions about this like Donald Trump did. Fire management, it is still a big state. California's kind of important to the union. What Joe Biden do? Nothing. But he flew out there yesterday and here is Joe Biden doing what Joe Biden does.


How many times have I told you this folks in the chat? How many times have I reminded you Joe Biden is what folks? I'm telling you, I know this from damn good sources. Trust me on this. I've always been candid about my sources, okay, Joe Biden is a sociopath. I'm telling you, he's a sociopath. He sees no consequence to his actions whatsoever. Everything is about Joe Biden, enriching Joe Biden and to everyone else. You get the double barrel middle finger. Here he is out there in California in one of the biggest catastrophes you're gonna see in modern times in Los Angeles. And what does he decide to do? Announce ceremoniously and in a celebratory manner that he's a great grandfather, Joe, can I just be sure nobody gives this shit, bro?


Nobody cares. Their house just burned down. What do you wanna do? A freaking gender reveal. Look, we popped a balloon. It's blue. What the Nobody cares, bro. Watch this. Good news is I'm a great grandfather. How's of today a grand baby Moore? So I, That's a great point you just made. He always does this. I don't wanna make it personal, given that all your houses just burned down every childhood memory, all of your memorabilia photos, your baseball card collection, the mom's jewelry you passed down, your engagement ring, your will and testament, your legal documents, your business records, all your, it's time for an announcement.


Let's do a gender reveal. It's a pie. Nobody gives a shit, bro. Nobody cares. No, I mean nobody technically that could be considered a hyperbolic statement. You're exaggerating. No, no, no. I don't even intend to. Nobody cares in that area about you being a great-grandfather. You are gonna jump in the shower again, you slob. That's who this guy is. He's a sociopath. He can't get out of office soon enough. Less than two weeks to go.


Finally, at least one member of the media, this is a Sky News reporter, has decided to do some journalism and stuff with the it's climate. Hey, climate, climate change. Really? That's funny. We thought it was the lack of water management and a bunch of dry brush in a fire prone area. I don't know. Call me crazy. I'll be crazy. Here's the mayor of Los Angeles, which fellas you hear? She made it back to la Yes, yes. Finally, Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass, another Kami. She made it back. She was in Africa. What was she doing in Africa in Ghana? Who the hell knows? Who cares?


She's taking a trip, You know, need a little vacation. I mean, she's been mayor for so long and she was just, exactly, she's in Ghana. Yeah, Ghana. But LA's burning. Exactly. So she finally makes it back to her burning down city. She's like, Nero surprised she didn't come off fiddling off the plane. Here is a Sky News reporter finally doing a little bit of homework and at Le guys, wouldn't you agree you've seen the clip producer Jimmy too? At least she gives some very detailed answers as to where she was, why she stole money from the fire department, why there's been no fire management stuff. The answers, wouldn't you agree guys? We're very thorough and she put to rest any any allegations of mismanagement on her part, check out these incredibly fine answers.


Check this out. Do you owe citizens an apology for being absent while their homes were burning? Do you regret cutting the fire department budget by millions of dollars? Madam Mayor, have you nothing to say today. Back up. I appreciate it. Have you? Absolutely nothing to say to the citizens today. Elon Musk says that you're utterly incompetent. Are you considering your position, Madam Mayor, have you absolutely nothing to say to the citizens today who are dealing with this disaster. No apology for them.


Do you think you should have been visiting Ghana while this was unfolding back home? Excuse. Whatcha doing? I dunno. Now I know what you're thinking. If you are watching Live on Rumble at 11:00 AM Eastern, you saw the video. But if you're watching Audio on demand later on, say Apple or Spotify, you're thinking, why did gee, Justin or Michael mess with the clip and edit out the mayor's responses?


You said they were wonderful. They didn't, folks, there are no responses. That is the audio. She sits there and I encourage you to watch the video because it's even worse. And as Justin, we're watching this all day, we, we watch 'em together show live. So I, You know, it's not edited. We don't like cut the things in later. Justin's like at least move your mouth and pretend you're gonna answer something and like you're thinking about something. She's sitting there like in some disbelief that anyone's asking her a question about her city bird. Like, how dare you. I am the mayor of Los Angeles. It's not my problem that the damn city's burning to the ground. And then you see her, she storms down the jet way there and they, that poor lady with the thing on her nose, she like, nearly knocks that lady over.


Get outta my way. We gotta get away from this sky news guy. Listen, I don't know you Sky news guy. I don't know if you're a liberal or whatever. I don't really care, but you may be the first guy to ever ask questions. Look at this. Look, keep it. Watch this lady. She's got a little bandage on her nose. This lady, they can't bump this side. Like, okay, let's get away from this guy quick. Here we go. Here's lady. Oh, get outta the way, lady Beat it. Yeah, push it practically. If there was a door there, they'd push her right through it. They're like, get away from this guy quick. You've never seen Karen Bass move so fast. Look at her. He's getting a good hamstring workout. Oh, get move fast. Is that an incline? Maybe get some calf work in too. Of course, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump was right again about this.


But because the media can't get their heads outta their ass and cover Donald Trump fairly, and they're so focused on the emotions of hating Donald Trump, not the actual problems Donald Trump brings up. Like, Hey, we've got an inflation problem, right? Nazi, hey, that thing in California, you'd never believe it. They're diverting a bunch of water from where it's needed. Water's running dry in certain areas of California. The farms have been complaining about it forever. You've got a dry fire problem in Los Angeles. Santa Ana winds, those are brand new, by the way. Do you guys know about that? It's the first time it's ever happened. The Santa Ana winds, It's a cho. I've never heard of those before.


I'm not even a meteorologist. I've heard of the Santa WANs. I don't even live on the west coast. I live in Florida. I live in Steward. We don't have the steward, Anna winds, I don't know what even I know what they are. It's wind and you think wind is good for stopping fires. You think that matter of fact, there's an expression, You know what it's called guys? They call it fanning the flames. You ever hear of it fanning the flame? Of course. 'cause they can't get their heads outta their ass. When Donald Trump brings up a problem, he's a Nazi, fascist homophobe phobe. Instead of actually saying, Hey, is that a real problem?


Maybe we can fix it before people's lives are lit up in flames. Here is Donald Trump, a while ago on the Joe Rogan show before the election saying, You know, California's got a real water problem. You know, it fires, farms, all this stuff. Maybe we should look into the, the media's a guy's definitely a Nazi. Check this out. You know, in Los Angeles you can't get proper amounts of water, right, and it's unbelievably expensive, and you might have a house in Beverly Hills and they're actually thinking about rationing water. Could you believe it? I could believe it. They saw that, and I was in, I was in the farm court country with some of the congressmen were driving up a highway and I say, how come all this land is so barren?


It's farmland and it looked terrible. It was just brown and bad. I said, but there's always that little corner that's so green and beautiful. They said, we have no water. I said, do you have a drought? No, we don't have a drought. I said, why don't you have no water? Because the water isn't allowed to flow down. It's got a natural flow from Canada all the way up north of water, more water than they could ever use, and in order to protect a tiny little fish, the water up north gets routed into the Pacific Ocean. Millions and millions of gallons of water gets poured. Of course, Donald Trump came out yesterday. Again, he was up on Capitol Hill and brought up the fact that protecting the smelt, if you're asking what the, is the smelt, it's this little fish he's talking about, and Justin just said it, right?


The media reports the following. Donald Trump hates fish. He really can't stand if he wants all the fish, dead grouper, trout, all of them kill them damn fish. He's a Nazi, homicidal fish Holocaust guy. He wants fish dead. Instead of saying, You know what? That crazy guy is actually not so crazy because what he just said was gonna happen with the barren land and the water problems resulted in a catastrophe where now five people are dead and that's gonna grow, by the way, and basically significant portions of Los Angeles were entirely wiped out.


By the way, did you notice how the MAGA crowd, and I wanna applaud you guys, I mean this, I, You know, I, again, I have to dose the sarcasm as part of the show, but not this segment. I wanna genuinely applaud you for not falling into the trap. These lunatic evil liberals do that when there's some shooting in a red state, they're like, look, you deserve that. Evil gun owners, nobody deserves this. I don't care who the hell you voted for. I've been through a house fire. It is not about me. I'm not trying to do the Joe Biden on you. I'm just telling you, it is one of the most awful things you will ever go through in your life. Nobody deserves that. We live in a republic. You're free to vote for you who you want.


Unfortunately, those votes have consequences. Bureaucratic mismanagement is not a Democrat problem. It's a Democrat and Republican problem. However, bureaucratic mismanagement is a bigger problem with Democrats for a very simple, easy to define common sense. Occam's raise a reason. If government bureaucracies can't work because there's no incentive for them to work because they steal your money and you can't fire them, you can't. The media protects them. Then Democrats, which prefer bigger bureaucracies and bigger government are gonna have bigger problems.


When I was a young secret service agent, You know why Boss told me about big criminal cases we used to work? He'd say, I'm gonna warn you, big cases, big problems, little cases, little problems, big government, big problems, littler government, littler problems. I'm not telling you Republicans are gonna fix all your problems. We screw up a lot of crap ourselves. I'm simply telling you, you keep picking the Democrats that prefer bigger government and your problems are gonna continue to get bigger and they don't get any bigger than your house burning down and your neighborhood. Look at this, by the way, this little compilation running outta water fire hydrants in Los Angeles. His headlines, I saw this on Mike Cernovich's, counters of California resident's been covering this.


How the hell do you run outta water? Do you understand? A fire hydrant exists for one reason. It has no other purpose than to distribute water for a fire. That's why it's called a fire hydrant, not a milk hydrant. It's there to stop fires. It only has one purpose. They can't even figure out how to get water from a fire hydrant and you continue to support these idiots. This isn't the time to talk bullshit. It is the time to talk about it before your house and neighborhood burns down next.


It's a fire hydrant. You can't even figure out how to get water out of a fire hydrant. That's how stupid government is. It's a fancy no parking son. You know? Know what? You know what? Governments become a suggestion of goodwill. Government's a four-way stop sign. No one actually stops at it because you think the other guy that's government, they think someone else will fix it. So it's just a suggestion. They're gonna do things right. No one stops at a four-way stop. They don't, they roll through it, they, the other guy will stop. That's what government is. One big freaking four-way stop sign. Well, don't worry, someone else will stop. I don't need to do it. I, my job's safe. The Fire hydrants are like gun free zone zone signs for fires, Right?


That's how well they work, right? Justin said, right. The fire hydrants in LA are like gun free zone signs. Again, there's suggestions of a solution. See, well fix your door to fire, except there's no water in it. No fires here. Just like the gun-free zone side, it's unbeliev. I gotta take quick break here, lower my blood pressure bit. I got some more video coming, including again, back to serious time. The destruction is, is is just unbelievably profound.


Folks, I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket, and Paula has been using the red light face mask. I gotta tell you, I've been using it too. It helps me fall asleep at night ever since they sent to me. Can't recommend them highly enough. This is a really great company. We just, I just bought some more blue light glasses for upstairs. I kept forgetting mine downstairs. I first turned to the sauna blanket a while ago because of the power of sauna. I encourage you to look it up. It's incredible. It helps me sleep at night as my body tries to cool down. It's for great for muscle recovery, detoxification. It's easy to use the bone charge sauna blanket. Just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work work its magic. I've noticed an absolutely incredible difference with my sleep and my recovery for my workouts, especially at age 50. Gotta use every life hack possible. Paula uses the red light face mask. It's incredibly impressive. She's been using it to help improve her skin's texture and reduce inflammation. Look at her pictures on my Instagram. You see, for yourself, it's like having a mini spa treatment right at home whenever you want it. If you're thinking of trying 'em out, now's the time. Head on over to bon charge.com/bonino, B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E, and use the code bonino at checkout to get 15% off. They have a ton of products over there, not just the red light face mask and the sauna blanket blue light glasses. If you're into life hacks and positive life impacts, this is the site to go to to improve your wellness routine. You're gonna love this site. Go today, use Code bonino. You'll save 15% at bone charge.com/bonino. B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bonino. Save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not attended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, check 'em out. Life acts, stay alive. Stay frosty. It's the only way to do it.


Folks, I want you to take a look at this. This New York Times headline too. This has been a problem forever, but because the New York Times and others have insisted on insulating Democrats from criticism and wiping out any negative like Yelp reviews from the bad restaurant, right? This is why you get the continued miss and mal performance of government every single time. Here's the New York Times in California. Controlled fires can save homes. Why aren't more happening? The answer to the New York Times is 'cause you've been promoting a green agenda forever and empowering these green groups that have stopped California and California politicians from controlled fires that would've saved LA from this disaster.


That's why, how about you guys? Look in the mirror once in a while, liberal. It's not that government doesn't help you folks. I can't say this enough. The point I'm gonna make again later on the radio show, it's not that, that there's one thing I could hammer through to, to liberals out there who I'm, I would say who are not our friends, but I wish could wake you up, is that it's not that your suggestion that government's a good thing is wrong. It's not that government's not good. There's a chair over there. The chair's not good or bad. It's a chair. But if I take the chair and smash you over the head with it, it becomes a weapon for evil. That's government. It's not that it's not good. It's that it's used for evil things.


Environmental groups know they can donate to Democrat politicians. That'll stop fire people who know what they need to do to control these fires from doing what they do until a fire breaks out and basically nukes the whole city. Yeah. Yeah. Let's here. You wanna see this destruction, folks? This is what bad, awful, incredible governance, incredibly awful governance does to you. Look at this before and after. It says some kind of Google maps or whatever, apple Maps, street view. Look at this. Just keep this playing. This is Jonathan Vidi hat tip there. Look at this after. By the way, this is all over la. You think this is just one block.


This is everywhere. We have a colleague of ours, I'm not gonna say her name or anything, but she's a good friend who's going through this right now. If her house, she doesn't even know if her house is gonna survive. Folks, this is all over Los Angeles, and of course they're lying. They're relying all the time and they're lying about everything and then you got, I'm sorry I keep going outta order, but you see that David Meir Meer. Look at these media losers. By the way, you got this guy, David, we or me, David Moore. I don't know what the hell his name is. Check out this guy. He's on the scene. I want you to watch this clip. These people are more concerned about looking like they're actually helping than actually covering the fact that maybe it's their push for green environmental suicide.


That has led to a lot of stuff. I want you to pay very close attention to the end of this. This guy's got clothespins on the back of his jacket, so he's got a nice felt look with his fire jacket on, so he looks like he's solving problems instead of creating them. Watch this. Your fires are now burning at this hour. We are in what's called Palisades Village right here. This is the town center of sorts where there's normally shopping a place to eat tonight, as you can see here behind me, it's been completely wiped away. There are still flames of burning from multiple buildings here and smoke. Gotta look all tailored in that fake fire jacket as you look like you're solving a problem you guys created. You guys see that video? You can actually see it if you missed it. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, just watch the video. You don't have to watch the podcast.


You can watch it on X. You'll see, watch him turn. Oh look, he's got the clothespins there. Make sure you look all selt In case you think the media coverage of this couldn't get any worse and there'll be an ounce of self-reflection here. You would be absolutely wrong. You've got firefighters on the ground, by the way, messaging me left and right. We're running outta water. We don't have enough people. The fire hydrants weren't tested 'cause the budget was cut while they were spending money on DEI. You would think the media would find that story interesting. Nah, here's a local news report. If you have not seen this, this may be one of the, this is the one I was talking about. This is the title of today's show.


You wanna see a guy get wrecked on live television? This guy should be fired immediately. He's like, there's no evidence. Firefighters are running outta water. Then he cuts to the scene of the reporter who must not have heard that and she has a slightly different take on events. Check this out. This is Basic stuff. This isn't high science here, and it's all about leadership and management that we're seeing a failure of, and all of these residents are paying the ultimate price for that. Despite what you have heard from Caruso. No firefighters have told us that they are running out of water, And let's go out to Gigi Grasse. She is live. Okay, let's go live in Pacific Palisades. I know your signal's not the best, but Gigi, what can you tell us?


Well, firefighters have told me they have no water on this block and you may be able to make out the ember storm that we're in the middle of right now. It's tough. It's it. I just, I can't with these people, just for the record, firefighters have told us the running outta word. Let's go to Gigi on the scene. Gigi, what do you got for us? I know the signal like a bunch of firefighters just told me they're running outta word. Did Gigi not here? What just happened? Maybe that's why the signal wasn't so good. You know what's going on there, right? Let me give you a little background on what happened. Rick Caruso, the guy that you heard talking in the beginning, rewind it and you'll hear it again.


Hit the back button and you'll hear it again. Rick Caruso ran against the dreadful mayor, Karen Bass, who couldn't ask, answer a question. You just heard the LA Mayor who was in Ghana. Caruso Wa was a little more of a sane. Dem was a lot more of a sane dem. I think he was a former Republican, but ran as kind of a sane non-crazy Democrat. So the media people who are clearly lefties and a lot of 'em are trying to make Rick Caruso look stupid. That's who was commenting in the beginning of this clip. For the record, there's no evidence. Actually, there is a record right now coming up with your reporter on the scene. Who's gonna tell you, ah, not so much. Again, it's not just that government and the media don't help you.


It's that your life is being actively effed, effed up by these people. They are the ones screwing it up. The problem in your life, 90% of the time when you're paying all your tax dollars to support these losers, is the government making a problem Worse, folks, there's less than two weeks until Donald Trump is sworn in. It really can't come soon enough. You would be surprised the damage Joe Biden has managed to do just since election day between offshore drilling, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, all kinds of new red tape and regulations, appliance regulations, the destruction Joe Biden has wrought. It's just endless. But there's some good news coming.


I got a little super cut coming up for you next. I can't wait to have this back 'cause You know I'm sick of media people. We just got done with that and you'll see what I mean. Coming up next.


Hey, be awake, not woke. Start your day with the official coffee of the Bino Army Blackout Coffee. By the way, they have, they have a ready to drink. It's called Skip the Brew, which is totally badass. Justin absolutely loves it. He tears this stuff up. The Skip the Brew is amazing. Give it a shot. This Ready to Drink is the best one out there. We've seen a lot of it. He says he can vouch. It's amazing. Blackout Coffee is the official coffee the show. Why? Because they're premium grade coffee beans. They ship within 48 hours of roasting the flavor's. Absolutely incredible. It is bold coffee but never bitter. They have flavors that are incredible. Cinnamon French toast, blueberry crumble, dark chocolate. It's my favorite coffee. I've got three or four cups a day. I enjoy it. They're the real deal. Stop drinking that corporate woke junk coffee. Buy from a company that loves America, but more importantly, love America. They produce a good product too. I wouldn't ask you to be saying you love America is great. We love that. We should all love America. We gotta produce a great product. Blackout Coffee Z. It's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Coupon code bonino. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it.


Now, last sponsor today. Before we get back to this show and this super cut, that's gonna put a smile on your face, folks. Tax Network, USA. You just saw it, the privilege they get their tax pardons while hardworking Americans don't. The IRS just stepped up. Enforcement. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, don't wait for the IRS letter to Act. Waiting to get caught can make you look like a tax eva. It's probably not gonna end well, so get ahead of this. It's a smart move, but I urge you to never contact the IRS alone. Alone. Turn it over to Tax Network USA. Why? Because not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a strong relationship with the IRS and they have a preferred direct line of the IRS. Why is that important to you? 'cause they know which agents to deal with and which is which to avoid. And third, their genius strategies are designed to help quickly settle your tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their attorneys and negotiators have resolved over 1 billion in tax debt tax Network USA. Call 'em and talk with one of their strategists. It's free. Stop looking over your shoulder and put your IRS troubles behind you today. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn sure. For tax network TN u usa.com. T-N-U-S-A Ts TN usa.com/dan TN usa.com/dan. Again, that's TNUS a.com/dan visit today. Thanks T Network. We appreciate it.


Ladies and gentlemen, less than two weeks to the return of Donald Trump where the media will have to deal with a noncompliant president. It doesn't go along with their gaslighting anymore. This is gonna be glorious. I saw this on Defy Als, another great exac account. This video is fantastic. Check this out. There's about a little over a minute of Donald Trump and the media in the last term. I can't wait to have this back and put a smile on your face on a Thursday. Check this out. Why do You keep calling this the Chinese virus? 'cause it comes from China racist. It's not racist at all. No matter of it comes from China. Mr. Ply, can you just respond to Kamala Harris' campaign attacking you for being in this town because they say there were white Supremacists Who was here in 2021.


Thank you. Thank you everybody. You have very low unemployment rating in the S and we have a very head and implement right? Experience. How come? What the recipe people? Well, maybe we have a better president than you do. Pure research says that there are for immigrants on the whole pre or Come on, try getting it out. Try getting it out. I I'll get it out. I mean, I don't know if you're gonna put this on television but you don't even know what you're talking about. Try getting it out. Go ahead. Are you talking to me? Yeah. It was just a follow up of what I just asked you. Sir. Sir, you ready? We have the president of Finland. Ask him a question. I have one for him. I just wanted to follow up on the one that I asked. Did you hear me? What did you want? Did you hear me? Yes sir. Ask him a question.


I I will, but I've giving you a long answer. Ask this gentleman a question. Don't be rude. Okay, question. Yeah, go ahead. Sure. She's shocked that I picked her like in a state of shock. I'm not thinking Mr. That's okay. I know you're not thinking you never do. That video actually doesn't end there. It it goes on for about another 20 seconds. I would've played it, but I had to end with that one because that's Trump. That's okay. I wasn't thinking You never do we get that? This cannot come soon enough.


By the way, an action item for you because the Trump reformation of the Republican party has not ended. Folks. A friend Eric Daughtry on x Eric l Dogg at a account of follow notes that Nevada is on the verge of flipping red under the latest party registration numbers. Democrats have lost more votes over the last month. Used the Republican registration advantage, plus 1,688 Democrats minus 20. The Democrat lead in the state is down to 4,167. A very small number for the GOP to overcome. If it continues, it'll happen soon. Folks, what I'm getting at here is I am an action oriented guy. I do not get emotional.


I'm passionate, not emotional. Believe it or not, those are not the same thing. Okay? I am a numbers guy. We have a problem. What's the problem? In states like Nevada and Pennsylvania, we still have a voter registration advantage to overcome where the Democrats are beating us. How do we fix that problem? Very simple. We register more Republicans. What does that mean for you? Action item and request. Dan, the election just ended. We need to take a break. I know you're not saying that, but some people are. No, we don't. There's no break time. I told you, take a week, celebrate that week's over. It's time to get back to work. Thanks to people like Scott Presler, Sean Parnell and others out there and activists. We are still out there registering from now until the midterms. I'm gonna institute another 10, 10 and 10 rule.


10 phone calls, 10 emails, 10 social media posts to the voter registration site in your page. All you have two years to do it so that everybody understands if they're not registered, where they can go to register. And I'm guessing if you're a listener to my show, the people you're gonna send that to are gonna be Republicans. You can't tell 'em how to register, but you can certainly, you can certainly show 'em how we can't stop. We're an action oriented party. Let the Democrats focus on their bumper stickers, coexistence, tolerance, whatever, bro. You focus on all that bullshit. We'll focus on action items and getting things done. Don't get emotional. We are transactional and we are outcome oriented and that's how we're gonna fix this place.


'cause there's nowhere else to go, folks. We have to save this country from the liberal menace. This Los Angeles fire story is not a local story. Sure, it is this Los Angeles bullshit. It is not a local story. The failures of government to not only not be good, but to stop being demonic are everywhere where government metastasizes, whether under Democrats or Republicans, but the liberal menace is real. This country will collapse under the weight of everything they're prescribing. Confiscatory, taxes, open borders, defunding the police.


We cannot possibly survive. I know it fits the stereotype. I don't care. I've mentioned a lot. I've become fascinated with the collapse of the Roman Empire, just like every single TikTok meme out there, and when you watch the collapse of the Roman Empire at the end, communists in the entire, the end of the riman at the end, what you'll see is parochial interest took over. Everybody was like, I got mines, man. That was the end. We have a chance to stop that. We don't have to repeat. The mistakes of history and the mistakes of history are being exacerbated by the liberal menace.


We can't survive with open borders. It's not possible. Milton Friedman spoke about it from an economic perspective. Forget the national security for a second. You cannot have open borders and a welfare state. You will go mathematically bankrupt, but there's a national security problem. That's an obvious one. You let in 12 million people, even if a small chunk are terrorists. That's a whole lot of terrorists. Here's our incoming National security advisor, Congressman Mike Walls, incoming NSA, talking about some pretty incredible stats about how many people are in this country from suspect places around the world.


The numbers aren't small. Check this out. In Jim Jordan's report, 2100 Afghans, 33,000 Chinese 541 Iranians, 520 Syrians over 3,100 Uzbeks, and we know the ISIS smuggling ring has sent over 400 people in eight of whom were rolled up in three different cities, plotting and planning an attack on the eve of the pulse nightclub hit. You're right, we're gonna get hit. It is it it? We're all watching it happen in real time and the blood is on Biden's hands is on Harris's hands and is on my orcas hands.


Please save this country from the liberal menace. It is them and only them. Again, I'm not telling you Republicans are the solution to all your problems. The cause of your problems. Right now in the public safety space, we have a problem. Forget the emotions. The problem is people who wanna kill us, we call terrorists, are in the United States. How did they get here? They didn't fly in. A lot of them flew to other countries and crossed the border illegally. How do we solve that problem? We have to start deporting people and a lot of them. You're not here legally. You're probably a terrorist. Not every single person who crosses the border is a terrorist. However, terrorists mostly get here by crossing the border illegally.


Save the country, please, from the liberal menace. It is real. Wanna hear how bad these people are? You got the fires, you got the open borders, the inflation. This was a stunning Wall Street Journal article I've been holding onto for a couple of weeks. Now it's again, it's not just that liberals don't help, it's that they actively kick you in the nuts. So let's say we got a problem and this problem needs to be focused on. Let's just throw a problem out there. Homelessness problem, right? You live in communities, you want homeless people walking around your community. You want them to have homes or a shelter.


You don't want 'em walking around your community. Homeless people send, some of 'em have psychopathological issues, some of 'em have drug problems. Some of 'em may be homeless for other reasons, for no fault of their own. Maybe a single mom sleeping in her car. Can we all agree? Liberal, conservative, communist doesn't matter. Tea party member homelessness is a problem. Instead of, again, incorporating a growing economy and some free market solutions, maybe fostering a job environment where people can get jobs. The government says, don't worry, we'll fix homelessness. You wanna hear the number? Put this Wall Street Journal Article Club, HUD Housing and Urban Development, which is a federal government bureaucracy that has totally failed, spends an astonishing $72 billion a year are in affordable housing.


Progressive states spend billions more. California alone spent 24 billion to reduce homelessness in the last five years. There's a comment of that sentence. Shockingly, there were more homeless. Can you imagine the federal government in California spent close to a hundred billion dollars to reduce homelessness and got more homeless people? This is what I'm talking about by the difference between misfeasance and malfeasance. Misfeasance is just not doing the right thing. Malfeasance is intentionally doing the wrong thing.


Do you think the Wall Street Journal are the only people that know this? You think the people at Huddon in California don't know they spend a hundred billion dollars to create more homeless? Why do they keep spending more? Because it's a racket. Follow the money. A bunch of NGOs and other groups that donate to left-wing politicians and advocacy groups get money to create more homeless so they can profit off taking care of the homeless they created. It's a freaking racket. Folks, save yourself from the liberal menace and for those of you out there going, well, Dan, the problem with government is that we just don't have enough money.


We were starved of funds by the Trump tax cuts. Shut your soup cooler losers, and please do one moment of research. If you are a loser and you need help, IE or a liberal, that's what your boy Danny Botts is here for. Throw up that Statista thing. Statista. This is not a political site. It's called Statista 'cause it's a statistics based site. Here are the total receipts of the United States government. You probably insist has been starved of money. You'll notice something fascinating. Let's just go back to the Trump era. 2016, the Donald Trump tax cuts definitely starved the government of money. Really fascinating. Government made $3.27 trillion in confiscating your money.


3.32, the year after 3.33, 3.46, 3.42. It's now up to spending close to $7 trillion right now. So the government's not starved of anything. You're just starved to your money and freedom while the government creates more problems with your money. I'm sorry, that's the fact, Jack. You don't like it. Chew on ne chew on those freaking apples. Goodwill hunting style. You may say to yourself, this is so obvious, Dan, what you're saying, that we are feeding the government our stolen money at the end of a barrel of a gun, this cancerous rotting wart on the ass of humankind. We call government to create more problems in our lives.


Bad fire conditions, homeless people and open border. We're paying people to create problems for us. That's what you're doing. So how does this continue to exist? How is it that this, these problems are in front of everybody's face and nobody sees it? The answer is because social media and the left wing, me and the, and the left wing media websites and cable programs and broadcast news have insulated the left through gaslighting forever. So I promise you, many of these people are completely unaware. They're on the wrong side of facts and data. They've been gaslit. They've been lied to, lied to often, lied to confidently and isolated from the truth.


Those are the four components of gaslighting, and the most important part is isolating people from the truth. That's why I told you, don't get too excited about the Facebook proclamation, about opening it up to conservatives until we see action. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna give you an update. It's only been a couple days. I'm an action guy. Don't get lost in the emotions. My personal Facebook change page is unquestionably changed. I got, I don't know if you got this folks in the chat, if you've seen this, I seriously, I need to know. I need your feedback. This is really important. If you go to your face Facebook page, your personal page, and you go Look up my page, the Dan Bonino, the verified page, I, I don't care what I don't wanna make it about.


Look up Ben Shapiro, mark Levi, whatever. It doesn't matter if you start liking the posts on their page, I promise you, you are finally gonna start seeing them more. Matter of fact, I like my own stuff. Obviously it's my page, but I have a personal and a public page on my personal page. I've been getting tons of Bonino reports stuff and Dan Bongino Show stuff just in the last couple of weeks. So I have definitely seen an algorithm change. If you haven't, please let me know. Not on I go no favor, fine. I'm not trying to, if you're there, you're there. If you're not, you're not. It totally makes sense. I'm not pushing anything on anyone. It's on my website. I'm just saying I use it to get information to persuadable people, and I think it's important.


I've seen a significant change. It's only been a couple days. Matter of fact, I got a button the other day that says, show more or show less of this. Of course, I hit show more folks. I say, don't get too excited. However, because the war for free speech and against left wing communist gaslighting and this alternate reality they live in this war is not even close to over, matter of fact, around the world. Although in the United States, it's slowly turning. It's like turning around a battleship. It's gonna happen slow around the world. The problem's getting worse. Have you seen what's happening in the United Kingdom? Were people getting locked up for social media posts?


No. Yes, folks, I went to London last year and I'm dead serious. I'm starting to wonder how I got out of there without getting locked up. Why did you commit a crime? Apparently I did a thought crime. I went over there as a conservative. This is real. I want you to watch this exchange between Joe Rogan and Theo Vaughn, two very popular podcasters on the Rogan Show, where they're both stunned that people in the UK that we used to think was some form of a parliamentary pseudo democratic system is now turned completely tyrannical. They're stunned. People are getting locked up for thought crimes. Watch this. I think it should be legal.


I don't think you should have to tell your fucking name. If you wanna talk shit about something that's going on that affects your life or that affects your job or that affects your your kids' school, you shouldn't be subject to fucking prosecution because you said something about the school board because you just felt like being an anonymous person saying there are a bunch of fat slobs and retards and you wanted to say that, but you couldn't say that because then you would get in trouble with your kids would get in trouble and this and that and well, That's what's happening in England right now, isn't it? In Britain? 100% is it? 100% is that is happening. That's really happening. Yes, it's really happening. You the, you can't give people that much fucking control.


You can't give people that much control over what offends 'em or what offends people, what you could say, what you can't say. Can you imagine if we could, if they would come at the end of every episode, they'd be waiting outside of your Your, yeah. Here's the thing, man, this is a new thing. This wasn't England 10 years ago, right? This is a new thing and it's a scary thing, Folks, you understand why this is important? Well, what do you mean this speak specifically precision matters. Why? Discussing the war on free speech around the globe on shows like Theo Von and Joe Rogan are reporting. Guys, ladies, you are. Here you are. This is a political show, right? Everybody gets that.


You are into politics, civics, public problems and fixing them. That's why you're on this show. The Rogan Show is people interested in everything, life hacks, cold plunges, MMA, politics, religion. Rogan does everything. He just had a guy on about Jesus. I've been fascinated by some guy Wesley Huffer, So I was just watching some of the clips. He talks about everything. There are people over there who don't understand that there are actually people in countries pretending to be some form of a democracy that are locking people up for thought crimes. Why is this an issue going forward? Outside of the obvious, we don't want people locked up for thought crimes because ladies and gentlemen, there is a superpower out there right now.


No, I'm not talking about the Avengers. I'm not talking about the X-Men. There is a superpower out there right now that is going to have the power to dictate the information environment going forward and track you down that if it is conditioned to learn solely on liberal gaslighting, folks, you are going to, you are about to live in a tyranny like you've never imagined in your life, and that thing is called ai. I don't wanna make this about Rumble because I'm an investor there. I've disclosed that. However, there's a big, big debate going on with Rumble, YouTube, Twitch kick, ai, Google and everyone else right now about how AI should learn.


I wanna show you what I mean. This is why this is so important, this censorship moving forward. As AI slowly but surely starts to take over critical components of our society. There's an article in the Wall Street Journal I can't recommend enough. It's called Russia's Artificial Intelligence is smart enough to shut up. This is why in the future I'm gonna talk about this story in kind of a positive light. This is why I believe the United States, if we can win this war on censorship is conditioned in this new AI future to win the AI battle, and whoever wins the AI battle in the future is going to win the war. The war for economic supremacy, military supremacy, Russian and China's AI will never work as well as ours because they've taught it to lie.


Here's what I mean. Put that clip up on the screen. They're talking about how Russia sensors, where its AI can get its information from, so people don't go into a Russian grok or chat GPT and say, is Vladimir Putin a dictator? They can't give you. The right answer is yes, so they note such technology talking about ai, it needs enormous amounts of information to work within Feed on. It'll generate content based on the information in ways its human handlers may never be able to predict. That's problematic for authoritarian systems that depend on limiting information and controlling how it's organized and interpreted. What does this have to do with things like Rumble and true social folks?


True social and Rumble. Millions upon millions of bits of information are loaded there every day. This show your blog posts on truth, your thoughts on immigration. If AI in the United States is controlled by Democrats and they don't scrape sites like Rumble, it's public stuff, but I'm not talking about scraping your personal business, right? Because I'm talking about a show like mine. It's public AI can can and should use it like anyone else. I'm putting it out there for the public here. It's yours and it learns from leftist commies. You're never gonna get an honest answer. Then you're gonna have the same problem the Russians and the the Chinese are having right now.


The information war is going on right now. That is why I am so bullish on Rumble because AI companies, if they wanna succeed and understand the political environment, are gonna need to understand 50% of America the MAGA Republican conservative movement, and You know where we are. We're on Rumble, we're not on YouTube. This is China's fatal flaw folks. Their AI is gonna starve as they lie to their own people. By the way, why didn't we do more about China? Why didn't we do more about China to intercept the China threat? We're now finding out they're embedded in our freaking infrastructure system, our water supply.


This is a real threat. They're flying freaking drones and balloons around us. Why didn't we? Because I told you why we didn't do anything about China. Here's another Wall Street Journal article. Stephen Nelson reports for the New York Post that the National Archives has. Finally, fellas, finally amazing how this happened. After the election, the national archive has finally released photos showing then Vice President Biden meeting with two of Hunter Biden's Chinese government linked business partners. What a coincidence, bro. That's so crazy. Again, proving that the president lied about not interacting with his family's foreign patriots. I'm gonna throw a question out there. You all should be asking you guys in the chat know what it is. You know where I'm going with this, right?


Did we let China infiltrate our infrastructure system with Trojans and malicious computer programs, fly spy balloons and drones by our farmland in the United States because Joe Biden let it happen because China had the sort of dames over his head like, Hey man, you don't want us talking about your business relationships. Is that just possible? Probably Justin says, probable I'd happen to agree. I'll go up, but I'll say likely even more than likely. Don't tell me about Joe. Joe Biden was a good guy. Just Joe Biden is garbage and he's always been garbage and he sold this country out and the damage this guy's done and the China fallout we're not even close to getting to the bottom of, by the way, this is what I'm talking about.


This is a tweet from Jerry Dunleavy covering an exhaustive Wall Street Journal report about how China has infiltrated our infrastructure system in the United States for years. I don't care what your feelings are about national security or otherwise, where we should be or not. This story, I'm telling you from quality sources is absolutely true. China hackers have gained the ability to shut down dozens of us ports, power grids, and infrastructure targets at will. Folks, they don't even know how deeply China's burrowed into the system. That's how long they've been doing this. Why? Because Joe Biden's been sitting on his ass knowing China has the freaking sword of dam leaves over his head 'cause of all of his illicit business ties to China.


The damage this guy's done in four years is absolutely astonishing. Astonishing, and it can't end soon enough. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. If you give us a handover at Rumble, we are really growing, please download the Rumble app and give us a follow on the show. It's absolutely free to watch the show live Rumble dot com slash bino. You say, I like that little handy thing, kick that click, that subscribe button. So deeply appreciated and thank you for getting us back on the charts at Spotify and Apple means a lot to me. All you gotta do is go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Search The Dan Bongino Show, click that follow button. It helps us enormously. We deeply appreciate it. We spend a lot to reach people, but you guys help so much.


That's all organic. Give us a follow there. I'll see you on the radio show here in a little bit, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.