
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. When is it gonna stop? When, when, when is the foing gonna stop? The answer is never. It's never gonna stop. The foing is never going to stop. See the FA now the Foing continues. I'm gonna start today. The show, which I typically don't do, I ease you into the Foing 'cause there's so much f Foing. I don't wanna overload and redline your F Foing tachometer. I just don't wanna Do it.


But because it's a Thursday and I'm feeling particularly good today, a Vita's show at a tremendous audience. I made a little guest appearance. For those of you who wanna watch, what is it? Bino Report, I mean rumble.com/bino report. You can watch avita show a bun rumble.com/avita. Check that show out. You're gonna love it. I made a little guest appearance. She went late today and I was like, they're still here, so might as well come on the show. I am in a mood today. The F foing is just glorious. I got that. And another one of those segments where if you are here on the Dan Bonino show, you were again at least a week ahead of the news cycle. I will prove it to you right in the beginning of the show where even the Bonino Army language is now being stolen.


I mean the exact words.


Today's show is sponsored by Beam. Get some sleep. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code BONINO for 47% off your first order.


Today's show is also brought to you by Patriot Mobile. Listen, we won the election, but the fight to restore this amazing nation is only beginning. Now's the time to take a stand in that parallel economy and support companies that support us Patriot Mobile. They are America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate in all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is this. Every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company that believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders. Switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their one Hundred percent. US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today. Defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right fellas, let's go. We got a lot to talk about. Let's just start right off the bat, right out of the gate like those little dog races they have down here in Florida. Boom, chasing the rabbit. Let's go with some Foing right away. Here is our amazing attorney general Madam Pam Bondi, Madam Attorney General. She had a couple of words for Twinkies and Letitia James up in New York who have used their power indiscriminately to weaponize government and target their political opponents. This is not going well for them. This is not going well and it's just begun. Check this out. We are here Today because we have filed charges against the state of New York. We have filed charges against Kathie Hoel.


We have filed charges against Leticia James and Mark Schroeder who is with DMV. This is a new DOJ and we are taking steps to protect Americans, American citizens, and angel moms. Like the moms standing right behind me, who you're gonna hear from in a moment. New York has chosen to prioritize illegal aliens over American citizens. It stops. It stops today. Yes it does. Yes it does. You see what happens. This is what happens when you take that boulder at the top of the hill and you push it downhill and trade your PTI potential energy for kinetic energy.


What winds up happening is you get run over by it too. So the Democrats thought it would be a good idea to weaponize the mechanics of government, the state, federal, and local level to target Donald Trump. Now the Attorney General thankfully isn't doing that. The attorney general is just enforcing the law. The Democrats of course will say this is weaponizing government as they f fo and believe me, they're foing. But we have rules. We have rules. We have a border. That border says you can't enter this country unless you go through that port of entry. If you break those rules, you are here. What? Sters illegally. Yes, you are an alien to the country who is here illegally making you an illegal alien.


If you harbor those illegal aliens to do anything to obstruct justice, you may have some civil or potentially criminal liability. You see how the left doesn't like that? The difference is they target us for fake crimes that don't exist like fictitious Trump bank fraud cases where there's no actual victim and the bank wants to do more business with Trump and yet we target them for actual crimes they commit where they break the law and they get really upset. Well, what weaponized government, the foing continued. I got way too much foing to vote. Thank you Madam Attorney General. We appreciate it. Right out of the chute getting started, it's not gonna stop. The Foing Boulders running down the hill right now. Wall Street Journal Judge lifts the freeze on Trump's buyout plan for federal workers.


Judge Bonino was right again. What did I, what'd I, what'd I tell you guys about the judge stuff and illegal cases? Your boy Dan, right? I'm just a little part of this bonino army. I'm not the general, I don't wanna be the general. I'm not interested in that. I'm interested in being one of you. I'm not trying to be anything special, but I'm not gonna waste your freaking time. I just told you the other day, don't lose your marbles over these legal cases. The left sues about everything all the time. It's why they love to stack the bench with liberal judges. Happens all the time. I told you we're gonna win some and we're gonna lose some.


But the bottom line is it's asymmetric warfare and asymmetric benefiting us. For liberals, that means a lack of symmetry, meaning one side is greater than the other. Why? Because the federal government is doing federal government stuff, which they're paid to do. President Trump is paid as the commander in chief and the chief of the executive branch to execute. That's what he's doing. You're paying him. It's no sweat off his back. The left wing organization suing in every courtroom in America are wasting time and money even if they win two out of every a hundred cases. We won 98 and Donald Trump is gonna be more powerful in the end and be able to finally execute the role of the chief executive.


I get it folks. The left pisses a lot of people off with their legal warfare, but there is an upside to it. There is an upside to it. They are going to lose a significant number of these cases and they're gonna be iced out from pursuing that same legal avenue again. They're wasting a lot of time folks, here it is again too. What is two thumbs? It doesn't waste your time. This guy. Wait, sorry. What has no thumbs and always waste your time. I have no thumbs but a big head and I waste your freaking time all the time. Your boys Forese.


He I don't waste your time when the Trump Gaza thing happened. Gee, what was it a week ago? Now it's like Trump is in like dog years, don't you? Right folks? Am I crazy? Folks in the chat, yes or no? Bino on the case, yes or no? Trump's operating in political dog years, right? He does so much so fast. He does something a week ago. Feels like seven years ago, right? Big shout out there. The ese in the chat, the infamous eight, eight guy earned, they lowered flags through half mast. Nobody's really talking about it. Eight, because we're not crazy like you bro. That's why Trump is operating in political dog years. The Gaza thing was like a week and a half ago.


It feels like it was 10 years ago. What did I tell you guys last week? This is not a self celebratory moment. I want you to see how the media, when I say things to you like we are the media now and they follow us, some people still go, eh, I don know. Really? Okay. What was the word I used last week when Trump came out and he said, Hey, the United States is gonna have a role in Gaza and the whole world flipped out and I told you the press is overreacting and they're gonna look like buffoons. They're hyperventilating. And watch, I said, Trump stakes out the maximalist position every single time. He does it as a debating point because he wants people shaken up and he wants people to fix the problem on their own.


And if they can't, big daddy comes in and does it for him. Look at this Axios, February 13th. I believe that's today. Although I could be wrong on the date. It's not Friday the 13th, it's Thursday. Masculine max maximalism. I'm not telling you like this, we didn't make up the word, but it kind of sounds like something we said a week ago. Lemme keep this up for a second. Did we not have this conversation, fellas? Yes we did. They say Trump and Musk believe powerfully in Maximalist action language. Fuck that. What? This, what this Then that was like the show we did a week and a half ago, right? I mean used to like exact wording stuff.


But notice how typical left wingers at Axios. Notice how they have to inject a race angle for Gaza. Yes. Let me read on trumpet. Must believe powerfully in maximalist action and language carried out by strong, but mostly white men as as blunt, uncompromising instruments to prove new limits. Both the power and what's possible. Oh my gosh. Axios, can you just footnote us? Please? Can you just at least provide a link to the show just as a courtesy? Just as a courtesy. You know what I'm saying, bro?


As a courtesy. And then what else did we say last week? Why are we doing this segment? We are the media now we we are the media now. Group hug, group punch. Know, hug. Everybody in the chat here. My phone, everybody in the chat. See, I'm watching you guys on my phone right now. Everybody in the chat group hug. Sometimes I guess chat goes so fast. I had to scroll down. I think I missed some stuff. Who said it? John de Salvo in the chat. We are the media. You're damn right we are. We are. The media now. Big ask group hug for everyone. Hug bro.


Who just said that? Hug please. In Mc groin. I hope you're pleasing it. Pleas. Yes. And then they note in Axios again, exactly what we said last week, that Trump takes the maximalist position because he plays the media like a fiddle, knowing they will overreact to his maximalist position. Look at this Axios a week later. Just footnote us guys. One time, maybe an EndNote. Both men like to provoke outrage and outrageous responses that makes Trump and Musk the center of the national conversation and Bates hyperventilating critics, critics into outrageous responses.


Anybody know what I call that? The show Your theory. Show your what? It's the Dan Bonino. Show your ass theory. Take a maximalist position. You may or may not mean watch the media hyperventilate. Watch more media people. Watch the hyperventilation and hyperventilate even more so you don't lose your subscribers and satisfy your crazy audience and keep showing your ass to people which they don't wanna see. Thank you. The media. But other governments too. The media governments. What would you say, Jordan? Columbia. Now the Saudis. Oh, just as like other governments. That's such a beautiful segue. It's like he knew what was coming next. What did I tell you? Donald Trump is not gonna occupy Gaza with the military.


He's implying that because people in the region don't wanna get off their ass and actually fix Gaza, which has been a problem for like 7,000 years. And no one wants to do shit. So Donald Trump comes in and goes, Hey, we're gonna take over Gaza. Everybody goes, oh my gosh. Heads are on fire. People are pissing in their diapers. Everybody goes crazy. And then what comes out a couple days later, look at the, oh my gosh, this is insane. Arab states wake up to the fact that Trump means what he says on Gaza. Look at this Justin. So nuts. Egypt guys has actually launched a diplomatic blitz to corral support for an Arab led initiative to rebuild the Gaza Strip show's over.


Joe, what's the point of the show? You, you knew this a week ago. You just heard the, what's the point? What's the point of the show? What's the point of doing the show? What is this? Oh, look how great we, what did I tell you last week? Do you remember the words we used last week? He's trying to get the partners in the region to do something. It's almost like we were in Trump's head. 'cause now partners in the region are doing something. Ugh, it's not blackout today. Today's just water. I'm too wired up already. I may blackout. I may just teeter over on the desk.


I had it this morning, man. Seriously, brothers and sisters, you know I love you guys, right? There's gonna be a lot of stuff happening in the coming weeks, okay? Hang with me. I'm never gonna steer you wrong. Do not get baited into the hyperventilating, ridiculous spots. These left wing media lunatics are, the reason we are the media now is precisely because we don't do that. We make accurate fact-based predictions about what Trump is gonna do based on what he's done in the past. We describe his strategy and we are weeks ahead of the game.


All right, moving on ladies and gentlemen. What's old is new again, whereas you and I in this army, Maga army is Bino army out there. We, you and I, we used to have this expression in the Secret Service called lift and shift. You know, something changes at a site. You don't have time to whine about it. Well, the protectee said he was gonna go left and he went right. Well freaking fix it. You know, it doesn't matter. You can't get him shot in the head because he took a wrong turn. Okay, lift and shift. The difference with the MAGA crowd is we are very good at adopting to media conspiracy theories and general scumbag. We're just good at it. That's why we're the media. Now, the media is not, the media keeps regurgitating the exact same strategy.


And it's the old banging your head on the desk and ex you know, wondering why your head hurts, okay? They cannot change. It is impossible. I'm gonna prove it to you right now. Big fat juicy hat tip to the media research center, kicking ass and taking names always. You gotta follow them. News busters, absolutely amazing group over there. Follow them on X Facebook and elsewhere. They put together this little one minute compilation proving to you the media cannot change. They will not change. They will continue to get wrecked because for them, what's old is new. Again, this Constitutional Crisis thing they're talking about right now with Donald Trump in his first three weeks as the president. You think any of this is new? For those of you listening on audio only Apple and Spotify, what you're gonna hear in the beginning is 20 16, 20 15, that election cycle.


And then you're gonna hear later 2020, and there's a crazy thing about what you're gonna hear. It all sounds the same because it is. Check this out. They are fomenting a Constitutional Crisis. Yes? Are we staring down the barrel of a Constitutional Crisis? This Is an existential Constitutional Crisis. We are now like one subway stop from a real Constitutional Crisis. We Are in an effect, a Constitutional Crisis. Warnings of an impending Constitutional Crisis ripped through the nation's capitol. There Are experts who are saying, this is a Constitutional Crisis. We are at a dangerous time in our history. A a Constitutional Crisis. New warnings of a Constitutional Crisis just weeks into Trump's second term, and The stage is set for a Constitutional Crisis.


Could this signal the start of a Constitutional Crisis? Legal experts say our country could be headed toward a Constitutional Crisis. Why are we better than them at their own business and media? Because we lift and shift, we adopt. And I mean this as a positive. We're like Plato. We a, we adjust and adopt to pressure points. Not these idiots. They don't have it in them. They have this show your ass thing where they have to continue to show their ass to the American people. Even though everyone's like, please stop. I don't wanna see that. They can't. They're engaged in an extinction burst of behavior.


They simply can't stop. Thank you to the guy who tweeted the Coke machine to me the other day. You get it, by the way, more Foing looks like it just happened. I I, I can't even keep up. Thank you guys. Look at these guys. They're so fast. RF K's has now been confirmed tulsi last night. It just, it just, this is during the show. It's just an endless litany of foing. It never ever stops. You know, guys, I I have, I Do it dude, but if there was ever who, Oh my gosh, put him up in the chat. Come on, come on, get on it. Panino army. It's karate man.


Up in the chat. You think we get Eddie Murphy sometime as a guest on the show? Guys, you think he would do actual karate? Man, Jasmine, look into that. See if we can get Eddie Murphy, Steve, he'll come in, reach out, tell him we've made a, we've made a, a little giffy about Karate man. Maybe he'll come on the show. I doubt it, but I don't know if he does Pauling. Oh my gosh. That Chad, you guys, my phone is actually smoking right now. Oh yeah. We can't forget Kylo WR either. Can we get, can we do the Kylo rap? Well, you know, we've been leaving Poor Kylo behind. We haven't said that in a long time. Ladies and gentlemen. Now we got RFK, we got Trump. We got three weeks of media pissing in their pants. It's time for more.


More always more. More is never enough. When enough is enough, it's not enough. When you think enough is enough, it's time for more. When you said I've had enough, more, it's time for more. When you hit more, it's time for more. When it's more, you hit more wrist. But Dan, that's not a word. It is a word in a benino army. We just made it up more, more always more nevertheless, always more. Keep 'em guessing. Rock him soum baby all the time. Never stop. And Gee kidding, ignore, right? Gee, the sucker still is not broken. Amazing. I'm not even a crack in this rockham Soum Like five dead. Someone sent me a picture, a friend of mine last night, a text, someone went out and bought a Rockham soum robots and did the same thing, put the Trump face on it and they said, can you send his picture to Dan Bonino?


So that friend, I got the picture pretty funny. One quick thing before this break, I wanna play this too. This is again, why we keep winning and we are the media. Now Trump has hired the freaking Avengers. He's hired the X-Men. He's got RFK, he's got Tulsi, he's got Radcliffe at CIA. He's got Ellis is the deputy at CIA. He's got cash coming in at FBI. The more continues. It is not gonna stop. He also has the best Press secretary I've seen and I can't believe it. She, she's even better than I thought. And I knew she was good. This Constitutional Crisis bullshit. You think she was gonna let this go at the briefing yesterday? No she wasn't. Check this out.


Many outlets in this room have been fear-mongering the American people into believing there is a Constitutional Crisis taking place here at the White House. I've been hearing those words a lot lately, but in fact, the real Constitutional Crisis is taking place within our judicial branch where district court judges and liberal districts across the country are abusing their power to unilaterally block President Trump's basic executive authority. We believe these judges are acting as judicial activists rather than honest arbiters of the law. And they have issued at least 12 injunctions against this administration in the past 14 days, often without citing any evidence or grounds for their lawsuits.


This is part of a larger concerted effort by Democrat activists and nothing more than the continuation of the weaponization of justice against President Trump. I love my wife to death and in the most and platonic way possible. We love you girl. We all love you. We all love you. Justin, do you love her? She's, she's amazing. She's amazing. He said, love, very platonically. We don't wanna be weird. We love you. This woman's amazing. You think she's gonna let this Constitutional Crisis crap go? No, she's not. No. She's like the freaking Avengers Press secretary. If, if Captain America had a press secretary look like Caroline Levitt, by the way, Liberty Josh gave a $50 tip in the chat.


I'll say it again, but I know it doesn't matter. Thank you Liberty, Josh, save your money folks. I appreciate it. You're the best. If you wanna give a tip, if it makes you feel good, it makes me feel good. However, I we do not ever request tips on the show. I just want you to understand that. Thank you. True. We, we never do we. Yes, right. Send, send the check to Gee and Jet, they'll take it. I don't need it. I appreciate it. I do the show for you. I don't Do it for the money. Money's nice, but you guys are great. Thank you. Liberty, Josh that was very generous of you. Appreciate it, but totally unnecessary. It was big shocker in the briefing room yesterday too. I kind of got some wind. It may happen from a friend of mine, not related to it, but I wanna show you that I got a lot more to get to.


We gotta take a quick break. We'll get back to the show. And I just want you to remember the Trump theory too before we get to the next segment. Trump always asks the question, why are we doing this? A question never asked in government. That's what's confusing a lot of people,


folks, you ever have a cheat meal? I, I did the other day. I, but you know, I'm sitting there, I'm watching the Auburn basketball game and once a month or so, I will just destroy myself with a cheat meal. I ate an entire pizza, no cheese. I'm grossly lactose intolerant by myself. Why the hell am I telling you that? Because honestly, I didn't feel bad about it. I got right on track the next day with my diet. 'cause I take field agrees. I take it twice a day. I've been taking it forever. You know, this company was one of my first sponsors because I love this company. It's called BrickHouse Nutrition. They make the highest quality nutritional supplements out there. Field of Greens is spectacular. What is it? It is ground. They have a doctor and a bunch of researchers. They figured out a fruit and vegetable combination where they could ground it up into a great tasting powder. And you basically can make your way around the supermarket, get the healthy, wholesome fruits and vegetables without having to cook everything. You just take a scoop, put it in your favorite drink. I put it in green tea, we put it whatever you want. Water, protein shakes, doesn't matter. I love the energy I get with Field of Greens, but I love the confidence that even if I have one of those cheat days, I can enjoy it guilt free because my blood work is spectacular. And I already showed you my, my doctor told me, he sent me a text saying, whatever you're doing with the field of greens, keep it going. Only field of Greens makes you this better Health promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back can get a better deal than that. Let me get you started at my special discount. 20% off your first order. Just use code dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Pick up field of greens. I like the wildberry. Lemon lime is great too. BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan use code, Dan.


All right, back to the show folks. I got a little emotional on the air. Didn't have to turn in my man card. There were no tears involved, but there could have been once in a while, eyes get a little moist. Yesterday was a big day for me. You know, we've been involved in this free speech fight for a long time at Rumble and the CEO of Rumble. You know him. He is a a hero of mine. He really is. His name is Chris Pavlovsky. He's not a big media guy. He doesn't go out and do a ton of media appearances or anything like that. He's a quiet, unassuming behind the scenes guy. But when you look up what Rumble did in countries overseas when they said to rumble, I demand you censor this guy. You know what Chris said, eh, not on our, we're pulling outta your entire country.


You're pulling out of an entire country to defend one creator. And you know what Chris said? We are. 'cause if we're gonna stand for free speech, that one creator is every creator. I want you to understand who this guy is. He doesn't go out and shout from the rafters how great he is. He doesn't pound the table all the time. And he's a guy who frequently gets overlooked. And I'm telling you this for a freaking fact that I'm an investor in his company as nothing to do with it at all. This guy is a hero to free speech. Who cares? Dan, why are you bringing this up today? Because the Trump White House is loyal and they are loyal to people who stood with them. When Donald Trump was de platformed everywhere because of fake bullshit charges, they wiped him out.


Folks, Twitter, Facebook, everywhere. There was one person who stood with him and got massive pressure and that was Chris at Rumble. And this happened yesterday. You see the White House, a new media seat? There's a man Chris walking in. He got to ask the first question yesterday, which was of course about censorship and Caroline Levitt knocked it outta Park. Play that again. Look at it. Gimme a little. Still there. Look at that guy. He's a good man, folks, do me a favor. Go find him on X true social. Chris Pavlovsky from Rumble and I give him a follow. Good for you, Chris. He doesn't go bragging about what he did, but I want you to remember that when everybody censored Donald Trump, that guy right there said, not on my watch.


You're gonna speak on our channel and we're gonna stand by you. God bless you brother. I want you to remember something. Donald Trump does something no politician I've ever seen. I'm not telling you he doesn't exist and I'm, I'm talking globally by the way. He may. I just don't know him or her. No politician I know has ever done what Donald Trump does, which is ask a very simple question, Hey, why are we doing this? Why are we doing this? I ran into a guy a long time ago and I was running for office. He was a, he was a county executive in Howard County. This guy Chuck, nice guy, I think he passed. But he told me something once, it was very powerful about government. He said, don't ever forget with government that there's no power in. Yes.


If you tell people yes, they have no reason to bribe you, you get the point. You wanna tell people no. That way they come to the table with, you know, campaign funds to basically bribe you to getting to, yes, government will always grow because there's no power in telling people Yes, you wanna tell people no. So that government grows and bureaucracies grow because there's power in it. Donald Trump is the first guy in eons, the first guy in a long time to say to people, wait, why the hell are we doing this? I could give you a hundred examples. Gaza, the Abraham Accords, moving the embassy to Jerusalem. Remember with the Abraham Accords, they told him, you can't get any peace deal in the Middle East. Any kind of economic accords between these two countries, you can't solve the Palestinian issue.


He said, I'm just gonna try anyway. And it was crazy. He actually did it. This is important 'cause he's doing it again and he's doing it through his deputies in the cabinet. One of 'em being our now excellent defense Secretary, secretary, Pete Hegseth. Pete's overseas right now, and Pete is shaken up and I mean if there's an apple cart, this guy's tossing it over. He's like, Hey, nato, which is of course is our, our alliance with other countries designed to defend against the prior Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact. He's saying with nato, I think it's grossly unfair that the United States is paying all of this money to defend you guys when you guys are the ones at risk from a Russian invasion like Ukraine and you are not paying as much yourself.


You are looking at that makes sense. No one said it before Trump. Here's Pete saying, you know what? 2% of GDP for defense. That's not enough. We want five. You're damn right. We do. And the world is losing their minds. I'll show you what I mean coming up next, but check this out. First Part of this is speaking frankly with your people about how this threat can only be met by spending more on defense. 2% is not enough. President Trump has called for 5%. And I agree, increasing your commitment to your own security is a down payment for the future. A down payment, as you said, Mr.


Secretary of Peace through strength. We're also here today to directly and unambiguously express that stark strategic realities prevent the United States of America from being primarily focused on the security of Europe To all the people who lost their minds over this. Again in the quote from Axios, hyperventilating media. Oh my gosh, this is crazy. We're not defending nato NATO's not defending nato. What are you talking about? The United States is not the world's policeman on the corner. We're not, I'm sorry.


There's a whole rest of the globe out there that's very wealthy. God bless Secretary Hegseth and Donald Trump. Notice what he did. They're, they're going towards here. What Pete just alluded to, the United States is focused on defending the United States, quote, not primarily focused on Europe. Why is this a surprise to Europe? We may help you. We may not, but we're not. We're not your military. We're the United States military doesn't mean you're the enemy. Why did I play that? Cut? I read something in the Wall Street Journal the other day, folks, please stop what you're doing and pay attention to this. 'cause if you are one of those old school Republicans, you're welcome here by the way.


I don't, we have a lot of different diverse views, but if you're one of those old National Security Hawk Republicans, that's fine. We're saying like we need to support nato even if NATO doesn't support themselves. Did you read this op-ed in the Wall Street Journal that should have been on the front page of every newspaper because it shook me to my soul that this guy would have the balls to write this. Here's Anders Fog Rasmussen, a very influential international diplomat. Nato, Denmark, everything, right? He writes this article called The World's Policeman referring to us Goes Rogue. So I see this headline, I'm like, really listen to this shit.


He's talking about the European Union. He's like, we must build a coalition of willing European countries that are prepared to provide a robust European defense. Okay? Wow, great. Look at that. We should strengthen the European Union security dimension. Move to majority voting to prevent pro-Russia members from vetoing security measures and sign a security agreement between the EU and UK as soon as possible to protect ourselves and our shared critical infrastructure. You're probably like, wow, Dan, that sounds great. You know who he's talking about defending himself against us. The world's policeman goes rogue.


He's referring to us. Now you're probably thinking in the chat. So Russia invades Ukraine. NATO does very little, not all, but a lot of countries did nothing to defend actual nato. Donald Trump's like, I need NATO to defend NATO and the NATO countries in the eu. You're like, now we need to defend against the United States. You're like, what is, what is what the am I in? Is this like crazy pills territory? Read the whole piece. If you think I'm crazy and I'm in any way misreading this. Anders Fog, RAs me said, Hey man, you're toying with the wrong people. This is the biggest MAGA show out there.


What goes here goes right through ripples, through the microsphere. You don't wanna defend yourselves when the Russians invade, but now you wanna defend yourself and quote, build up security measures because you're worried about defending yourself against the rogue United States. Is this even real? Oh boy. You see how that apple cart boom and everybody's losing their mind. Here's a simple solution and there's, if you want us to be a critical part of NATO and spend trillions of dollars defending you guys, then maybe you should spend the same amount of money, at least as a percentage of GDP defending yourself.


Just, just an idea, bro. Pay fair share. Pay the pay the Thank you. But we should, we should incorporate the left wing euphemisms here. You need to pay your fair share. Definitely need to pay your fair share. I like that. Very just creative. Justin. Very, see you're good at this. We have to give you your own show the Justin, what do you say? Is it Al, is it like French or something? Yeah, you get him his own show. What do you think a Justin show? We'll start in the weekend. He'll start covering Star Wars and stuff first. He loves it. Him and Gee, they can talk all they want about the Millennium Falcon and the mechanics of Lightspeed cover it. That's, they love that stuff. They actually starting to convince me Rogue one's a good, which I never thought I'd say, but I tell you, they, they may not be wrong.


I got a couple breaks here I gotta take just quickly here. Last break, but I wanna get to this next folks. We're living in a post-truth world and that's why spreadsheets, Donald Trump hurts them. What spreadsheets Donald Trump. Donald Trump asks questions all the time like he does about nato, Gaza, the Abraham Accords. Why are we doing this? It doesn't work. That may sound simple to you. It's not politicians and media people are not used to that. That's why we're in this post-truth world. And I'll show you what I mean coming up in a minute with this Adam Schiff segment that is so hard to believe. It's hard to believe this segment actually happened, folks.


It said that four companies control over 80% of the media industry. And reports say China now controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using tactics to crush American family farms with the additives they're putting into our food. And Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. So what could we do about it? Here's a company that comes out swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and and food security mink, M-O-I-N-K. They sent me a good sample of their meats, absolutely incredible. We fell in love right away, said, come on board guys, we'd love to have you. Moist meat comes from animals raised outdoors. They deliver meat straight to your doorsteps at prices you can actually afford born, raised and harvested right here in the USA. They sent me the product, we absolutely loved it. We've been eating the product three outta five nights of the week and the other two were just out on the road. That's why it's amazing. It makes a difference in the meals for my family. Support American Family Farms. Join the mink movement today at mink box.com/bonino right now and get free wings for life. That's right. The best wings you'll ever taste for free. But for a limited time, spelled M-O-I-N-K mok box.com/bonino. That's mok box.com/bonino.


Check 'em out in our last sponsor, we get back to the show beam. You want a good night's sleep? Let me introduce you to another one of their great products. Beam Dream capsules. The Dream capsules contain the same ingredients I've been telling you about to get a good quality restful night's sleep Beam is proudly founded in America, run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. It's science backed nighttime blend packed with ingredients shown to improve sleep. So you wake up refreshed and ready to bounce into the show like I do every day. Dream is made with a powerful all-natural blend of Reishi magnesium, altheine, epigene and melatonin beams helped improve over 17 and a half million nights of sleep helping people across the country wake up and feel great. Here's the deal. Beam is giving you the listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 47% off. Why not 45? Because they wanted 47. You get it? Try their bestselling dream capsules and get up to 47% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bino at check out that shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 47% of support patriotic American company. Get a good night's sleep. Thank you Beam.


Back to the show. So Donald Trump's a spreadsheets guy folks. He asks these crazy questions like why the, are we doing that? That doesn't seem to make sense and the government's like, because that's the way we've always done it, but that way sucks. I remember my last job. I was like, why do we do these protests own things? 'cause that's the way we've always done it. And some judges like, Hey, that's unconstitutional. Okay, we're not gonna Do it that way. Why does the government Do it the way it's always done it? Because the government has no incentive to change anything ever because it's not their money and they're not even buying anything for themselves. Trump's not having any of that contrast Trump's brutal honesty in his spreadsheet style about his in with his opponents here who not only are not plus one minus one spreadsheets.


Why are we doing that guys? But keep doing the same stupid thing over and over again. Like trotting out morons like Adam Schiff who has zero credibility whatsoever. Here is Adam Schiff on M-S-N-B-C and a segment. Folks, that is honestly hard to believe and I mean it. Here he is. Adam Schiff, who was on the Intel committee promoting lies about Russia collusion and Hunter Biden laptops forever commenting on Tulsi Gabbard running the DNI office. Any comments that she's not qualified because she wasn't on the intel committee and per and talked about Russian bio labs. This is real. This actually happened. Check this out. You Spoke tonight on the Senate floor in opposition to her confirmation, you called it dangerous and a five alarm fire.


What do you think the American people should know about her as a nominee as we're heading toward that final vote tomorrow? Well, first I think it's important as with all these nominees to just level set. Normally if you're talking about someone who's gonna head an agency, let alone in this case all of the intelligence agencies, you would expect a nominee to have some experience. Maybe having worked for an intelligence agency may be having led an intelligence agency or even at a minimum served on a relevant committee like the intelligence committee in Congress. Chelsea Gabbard has none of that experience. Zero. Not a zilcho that would normally in a normal world be disqualifying. But she goes far beyond that.


She has echoed Kremlin talking points about the origin of the war against Ukraine. She's pushed out Russian propaganda about US Bio labs in Ukraine. This is, I want you to understand why I had to put this in the show because I do these shows and I structure 'em this way for a reason. I love foils and contrast. So you've got hard truth spreadsheets. Donald Trump, right? Where he'll speak the truth to you and some people don't even wanna hear it. IE Arab World Partners in the Middle East. Hey, fix Gazo or Daddy's coming in to fix it.


What are you talking about? We've been working on it for 50 years. Exactly. That's the problem. That's Donald Trump. The truth to the point where it hurts people, I mean, hurts the liberal length, emotionally hurt. They can't take the, they don't want the truth. They hyperventilate, they lose their minds. They don't wanna be told other countries are ripping us off with tariffs and they're not interested. Contrast that with Adam Schiff and Rachel Maddow. She, this is a major cable news show. It's amazing. People still watch it. Adam Schiff is talking about how tulsi iss unqualified 'cause she's not on the intel committee. I wanna note that Adam Schiff was on the Intel committee when he went on Tucker Carlson's show on Fox and said this about a 20 times debunked, absurd Russian collusion, peepee hoax and had no problem at all lying to the American people.


Contrast that with hard truth. Donald Trump, check this out. You Don't know that. You don't know that the government, I think it's really irresponsible for you to say, you know, that the Putin government did that. You know, you know what is irresponsible tucker for you to make that claim without looking at the evidence. And more importantly, more, you can't say that, you know, the Putin government did that. More importantly for the president elect today to, to say that you're dodging, he doesn't know whether you're dosing. You're, you're, look, you're, you're on the Intel committee. Lemme just ask you one final question. Can you look right into the camera and say, I know for a fact the government of Vladimir Putin was behind the hacks of John Podesta's email? Absolutely. The government of Vladimir Putin was behind the hacks of our institution and the dumping of information of John Podesta's email, not only in the United States of John Podesta's email, but also in Europe.


Okay, you're not, you know what? You're doctor at Tucker. No. Look and say I know they did John PTA's emails, they hacked us and I think that Ronald Reagan will be rolling over Ronald Reagan fine. Ronald Reagan, you are carrying water for the Kremlin, which you're not carrying water for the I'm, which you're making, look, you're a sitting member of Congress on the inside committee and you can't say they hacked, hacked. You're gonna, you're gonna have to move your shoulder to artsy Russian television because you know what? Perfect this your office because it's so dumb and you're being duplicitous. This is why you really need to embrace being part of this s mago army and be proud of it. Big group hugs. You live in the, in the actual real politic world where yes, it hurts to hear some of this stuff.


It hurts to hear that NATO doesn't wanna defend itself, but wants us to defend nato. It hurts to hear other countries have been ripping us off. Well nobody's happy about that, but it's real and we've gotta fix it. It hurts to hear that the regional partners have done squat for Gaza in 50 years, but at least you live in reality. Do you believe these dip shits? You realize he looked in the camera on Tucker Carlson and to, on the Tucker Carlson show and totally made up and fabricated a story that he had evidence about Podesta's email being hacked by the Russians. He just made it up. But he said something else in that other mad ow clip.


He said that Tulsi is not only not qualified because he was on the Intel Committee. By the way, didn't he get what happened with him on the Intel Committee? Wasn't there an article I had in the show about that? At Axios or something? At McCart? Oh, he got kicked off the intel. That's Justin. You're messing up my whole show. So weird. He didn't even breaking it kicked the breaking, breaking, yeah, breaking as of 2023. So he says Tulsi iss not qualified 'cause he wasn't on the intel committee and she keeps talking about this conspiracy theory about bio labs in Ukraine are right. Really conspiracy theory. You mean this one where Obama, Biden, Clinton, east of Victoria Newland was up on Capitol Hill under oath talking about bio labs in Ukraine.


I, no, I thought it was a, a conspiracy theory or something. Maybe you should ask Victoria Newland, check this out. Does Ukraine have chemical or biological weapons? Ukraine has biological research facilities, which in fact we are now quite concerned Russian troops, Russian forces may be seeking to gain control of. So we are working with the Ukrainians on how they can prevent any of those research materials from falling into the hands of Russian forces.


Should they approach? Come on guys in the chat. Get it together. Adam Schiff said that's a conspiracy theory. It's so, so weird. Isn't she under oath? They swear in, don't they? That's Obama, Clinton, Easter, Biden official Victoria Newland talking about the weapon in Ukraine. Ukraine. But yes, Tulsi is definitely not qualified for talking about weapons, bio labs, whatever in Ukraine not kicked off the intel. How the hell do you get kicked off the Intel committee? Well, we know why Swalwell Swalwell was sharing hard data with Fang Fang and it was hard. Yeah, it was hard that what he, it it's, it's a lot of data terror.


Te te gigabytes of data te gigabytes. But Schiff got kicked off. I wonder why that is. You know how rare that is to kick people off? Comedian, you know how much you have to suck? There was a one through a thousand suck meter. You're seriously like 9 98. Like you're like right at the top folks. They live in a post-truth world. I I, I mean what I'm saying, like, I mean it in the actual literal sense. Like nothing they say is in any way attached to the truth. But the far left communist left embraces this. They enjoy it. It's like the strangest thing. It's like the Truman show, but you know that Jim Carrey movie where everybody's acting around them, but like, it's like the Truman Show where Truman knows it's an act and they keep doing it.


Here's another one, Miranda Divine, she has the book Laptop from Hell. Our publishing company disclosure published the book, but Miranda Dev Divine was stunned by this the other day. The New York Times. Even for them. This is incredible. She said The New York Times put the other tweet first. Actually, I wanna, the quote, the one I quote you, the quote tweeted, do you have that the, there was another tweet that I i she had basically here. Yes, here. Yeah. Miranda Dev Divine, the New York Times writes this story and says incredibly, which even for the New York Times, this has to be like at the basement of stupidity. They say that without evidence that the New York Times is still in denial about the laptop from hell.


That there's basically no evidence there was political influence to say this laptop was Russian. So Miranda Divine's like really without evidence, like here's actual evidence. Like this is what they live in a post-truth world. Here's Mike Morell, the former CIA acting director to John Brennan Obama, CIA director. Ask him to sign the letter claiming Hunter Biden's laptop information was Russian in order to quote, give the Biden campaign a talking point to push back on Trump. You can read the email bro. Why does nobody trust the New York Times? Why are we the media now? 'cause this isn't hard folks, look at The article.


German Lopez and lineup Ben Tohar. Aren't you embarrassed? Aren't you a little bit embarrassed? I mean seriously, your parents tell people they have no kids. I mean you wrote this. She also claimed without evidence talking about Tulsi Gabbard, that the intelligence committee undermined reports about a hundred. What did you read the email folks? The Democrats will defend the media. Every act of corruption, every lie. The post-truth world, they live in the Truman Show Act because the entire ideology is based on a lie. The rich don't pay their fair share. Conservatives are Nazi racist voting laws are Jim Crow, school choice, anti-American and waste money.


Nothing they tell you is true. Tax cuts cost the government revenue. Some iil on Twitter this morning got in it with one of my followers. Dan Bonino is no evidence. Tax cuts have increased government revenue. I've never said their causal. I've do have evidence that's true. It's called evidence from the US Treasury. You could look it up, but you're too stupid to do that. The Democrats defend corruption are defending the government waste. The Doge is exposing because the Democrats don't care about where the money go. Yeah. Yes. Stay obviously profit from it. Putting that part aside, point stipulated, I mean again, I wrote Follow the Money to show you how Democrats profit from government.


But you would, I want you to follow me here. This is a really important point and it got lost a little bit in the show. I sensed I when I tweeted something out, some people got a little confused. The Democrats do profit from government corruption through their NGOs and sometimes directly and this kind of informal money laundering system they have give it NGOs pay Democrat lawmakers donate. But even then, if you are profiting, imagine it's your business. You don't want fraud in your own business, right? 'cause it's less money for you. Correct. The point I was trying to get at yesterday is you would think even Democrats have profit from big government would be interested in weeding out fraud. Is this, is this point making sense Justin?


Because it's more money for them. So people are asking me, well why don't they care about the fraud? Because folks, all they care about is control of the money. The government has to control your money no matter what. And they know they can't Do it because the government can't even paint a color by numbers book. So they understand that if the fraud starts getting pointed out, it's over. Can you go to the Lexi Nexus guy first before Mike Lee? I want to get to that, but I want you to show you what I mean here. This Lexus Nexus CEO is up on Capitol Hill yesterday and shocked the entire world. They asked him, how much fraud do you think is in government payments?


Dead people, double payments, companies that don't exist. Folks, the number he gives is staggering. The Democrats don't want you to see this because then you're gonna say, why am I letting government control money? They can't figure this thing out. That's why watch this. How much money do you calculate is wasted due to waste, fraud and abuse and the entitlement programs each year? Yeah. My number right now between federal, state and local government is you can save $1 trillion a year by simply putting in front end identity verification, eliminating self-certification and monitoring the back end of the programs that are providing the benefits.


Those three things. If you just say $1 trillion, our entire tax base is about 4 trillion. We spend about six 7 trillion. You're telling me our tax ban be 5 billion a trillion? Excuse me. This is how big the numbers are. You're telling me about 20% of the government are totally, completely fraudulent payments. This is, they will defend this because the minute you start to see how bad the problem is, you're gonna fire the bookkeeper, which is the government and they don't want that. So they'd rather get paid a little less and keep the corrupt bookkeeper than get paid a little more and expose you.


The bookkeeper's corrupt. Does that make sense? I wanna get to this too. 'cause this is a just, again, just stunning how the Democrats have just married themselves to this post, post-truth world of lies and corruption and they think nobody's gonna see through it. Senator Mike Lee, great senator, one of the best, maybe the best Senator Mike Lee's up on Capitol Hill and not an overly emotional guy. And Senator Lee yesterday was talking about, Hey, when Cash Patel gets in there, we're going to damn well need some accountability at the FBI too. We got the Moms for Liberty, the targeting of MAGA people. I mean the January 6th stuff, everything that went on in the FBI is become a real problem and and and put a bruise on the FBI's eyeballs, right?


It's time to clean this place up. So Mike Lee is talking here specifically about getting rid of evidence where they can, getting rid of agents, where they can find they acted either corruptly or outside of their duties or responsibilities. He's not talking about political retribution at all. Listen to what he says and watch the crazy response from Senator Mark Warner from Virginia because they don't watch you looking into corruption no matter what. So they try to distract you with shiny red object stuff. Watch this To say that people in those agencies, and, and again it's not all of them, but it's certainly some of them and there will be an effort to figure out who was a bad actor and who was not to say that we're gonna protect all of them and protect any of them from being fired.


Even if they did engaged in some of these dastardly acts. This is, this is offensive A and are constituents, those who elected us would be really upset with us, with darn good reason. If we supported this, I urge my colleagues to, to oppose it, Mr. Chairman. I'd simply say as a member who was here on January 6th when the Capitol police and FBI defended when virtually all of us to somehow say that protecting them would be an insult I find remarkable. Mr. Chairman, that is not at all what I said and I wanna be very clear for the purposes of the record that in no way, shape, or form is that what I said.


I make no reference to any of the people who are protecting us. I'm talking about those people. They know who they are. The Trump administration at some some point will figure out who they are. I'm talking about those people who engaged in, in politically weaponized indefensible acts. We should not immunize them. Not on my watch, not on our watch. I oppose it. Amen Brother Mike. You see how Mark Warner, who's not a stupid guy, democrat hacks senator from Virginia, has to distract you from the argument in their Truman show post-truth world. Mike Lee is talking about evidence of hardcore corruption within the FBI and what does he talk about?


Well, the people who protect us, that's not at all what he said at all. Contrast that with spreadsheets. Trump, they did something wrong. Why? They still work here. Gotta go see ya. But people are gonna say, you're throwing grandma off a cliff. I really don't care. We live in a truth. Real politic world. Folks, I told you to, I'm gonna end today as I started. This is important. Don't panic over the legal warfare. I wish we didn't have a politicized justice system and judicial court system trump's cleaning it up. It's gonna take a long time. We're gonna have to appoint a lot of constitutionalist judges, but it's not gonna get fixed overnight. But we're not going to lose them all.


Matter of fact, Trump is acting very surgically testing the parameters of power to see what the left will sue about or not. And sometimes just going right down the middle of the field. This happened yesterday during the show. Another legal victory, Ze Lee Campano from Outnumbered. Check this out. So clarifying that the government can limit access to federal funds on the basis of the applicable authorizing statutes, regulations, and terms. Essentially, yes, the government can do so in complying with regulations and then that the previous order does not bar both the president and much of the federal government from exercising their own lawful authorities to withhold funding without the prior approval of the district court.


Meaning again, they can disperse the monies that they were allocated within the law, within the confines of the law, and that the government does not have to seek pre-clearance from the courts on terminating funding as long as they have the authority to Do it. We are never not this bonino army and not this MAGA army. We are never going to hyperventilate like the media, the left Sues. We're not gonna sit here and meltdown and freak out. We're not gonna do any of that. I told you what was gonna happen. We were gonna win a lot of 'em. And this is just two turns out we can start to limit the spending of federal funds. Oh look, now he's got the courts behind them too. Ha.


Yes, you can fire some workers. We're not gonna win 'em all. It's not the way it works in the Republic, but we're gonna win a lot and a lot when we're talking about this amount of fraud is big change. Thank you to competition in the chat. He says this hour goes by too fast. Thank you Dan, for truth and receipts. No, don't thank me guys and ladies for anything. I mean it. I appreciate it. But this isn't a real job. There's no thanks. I owe you everything. You owe me nothing. Not a Thank you, nothing. I owe you a good show. It's a one way street. I appreciate the kind words, tips and the chats all very nice, but you don't have to do any of that. Shows about you here it every day to give you the the hard truth and we always bring the receipts.


That's why you on this show are week, two weeks a day, 24 hours ahead of the news cycle every single time. Hey, thanks again for tuning in. Don't miss the radio show. It's here on Rumble if you wanna watch Starts at Noon. Also, you can listen to this show later on Demand on Apple Podcasts and Spotify and please subscribe on Rumble. We hit 3.5 million subs. We really appreciate it. It's free, absolutely free. rumble.com/bonino or download the Rumble app, see you back here tomorrow on the radio show in a little bit. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bonino show.