
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know, we do, I, I swear we need an outtake show. We need an outtake show with some of the stuff that goes down before the show. We're sitting here, we're talking about this clip, we're gonna open up the show with, because it's, it's the day before Thanksgiving. It's Wednesday. We are live. Thank you folks in the chat for being here. We love you Bonino Army Strong and growing the number one news stream in, in the world yesterday. Again, thank you very much. But we're talking about Sharon Stone, who thinks you were all basically morons for voting for Donald Trump. I'll show you the clip. It's hilarious to watch.


I'm gonna play it in its entirety 'cause it speaks to like the schism in America between the moron class and us, the MAGA class, right? And the morons are on the other side, not on our side, which is ironic, right? But he's like, who's Sharon Stone? I said, oh boy, producer Jim. you know who Sharon Stone is? Mike, if you grew up and you were a teenager in like the nineties or so, you've seen a lot of Sharon Stone. Every, everybody's seen a lot of Sharon Stone. I, I'm, I'm not saying, I'm just saying don't, don't look it up if you're got kids around. You all see what I mean? Sharon Stone is famous for a lot of things. Commenting on the politics of the day is not one of 'em.


She's famous for being interrogated in a police station and showing off the goodies. If, if, if, you know what I mean? He's like, huh. He has no idea what I'm talking about. He's like, oh, I grew up in a nice, I'm like, yeah, you were like six. You missed it. You couldn't make it the movie. You couldn't get in there.


Burn is non lethal pistol launcher research. Lemme start. He's researching right now. It's gonna be like an HR complain. Is there no one else around? Right. Burn is non lethal pistol launcher. It could be tear gas and kinetic ammo and capacitates and attacker for up to 40 minutes. Burn a.com/dan for their biggest sale of the year. November 25th through December 2nd, 15% off Sitewide BYA big show for you today.


I got Sharon Stone, Alec Baldwin. But we do have a lot of serious stuff talking. I mean, I, I wanna make fun of him in the beginning. Because, they, it really does speak to this unbelievable schism and bubble they live in.


You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes an incredible toll on your health and your body. But there is hope on the horizon. Beams Dream powder, they sent me some. I love it. I've been more, I've been sharper, I've been more focused, ready to tackle whatever life doors are where you gotta be sharp. Four hours of live shows every day, other sleep aids. Cause the next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi Magnesium, l-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin. Hope you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed beam's. Black Friday sale is now here. It's their biggest sale ever and the lowest they've ever had for Dream. Get up to 50% off, 50% off. Try it. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code Bonino. It's your chance to finally try Beam for the lowest price ever. So head on over to shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50% off that shop Beam dot.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50%.


Get off the computers. I know what you're doing. And ring the bell. Now they're, they're, They're distracted. They're distracted. So are the cops in that scene. This is too much. This is glorious. I want you to watch this. Folks noted thought leader Sharon Stone was overseas in Italy, and she is lecturing the audience because she's of course, a brilliant person who fakes things for a living that wasn't fake. That thing. And she's telling this contemporary intellectual icon. Sharon Stone is explaining why the US is full of idiots and morons who voted for Donald Trump.


Now why are we playing this imbecile? Because folks, again, we want this stuff to continue tactically speaking, the more we understand them and they don't understand us, it becomes a tactical, asymmetric fight where we have the advantage on them. But they never see us coming. Listen to this idiot overseas talking about how stupid and Uneducated you all are. Check this out. Italy has seen fascism. Italy has seen these things. You guys, you understand what happens. You have seen this before. My country is in its adolescence. Adolescence is very arrogant.


Adolescence thinks it knows everything. Adolescence is naive and ignorant and arrogant. And we are in our ignorant, arrogant adolescence. We haven't seen this before in our country. So Americans who don't travel, who 80% don't have a passport, who are Uneducated, are in there extraordinary naivete. You, naive dopey Hass. You're also stupid out there. I mean, you should have voted for like Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. I mean, she's really bright and you know, he's on top of it and everything.


I mean, it's not like there was inflation, open borders, a crime crisis, and a bunch of international wars that broke out. Oh shit, that did happen. That did, that did happen on their watch folks, the longer these people live in the Truman Show bubble, you ever seen the movie The Truman Show? Listen, it's not that great of a movie, but it was popular back when I was a kid. Jim Carrey plays this character where everybody's acting around him, but he doesn't know it. He thinks his life is real. The longer We can keep these dumb ass liberals like Sharon Stone famous for an interrogation scene where Woo. you know what I mean? That's all she's famous for. The longer we keep her thinking we're stupid, the less work they'll do to educate themselves about who we actually are, which enables us to sneak up on 'em like ninjas every single time Karate Man.


Although they do ninjitsu, not karate, we're like little ninjas. We keep creeping up on 'em. No one ever sees us coming. That's the greatest part about This, bonino army. Everybody ignores us until we're on their doorstep like that. What's that? That movie that, what is it where, where the guys with the, they show up and they knock on, we're here. There's, they never see us coming. They never see us coming and like little ninjas, we get 'em every time. Some of you asking about the shirts, by the way, I, I'll get to that in a second. Paula, you know, Paula loves his shirts. We donate a lot of money to charity through the shirts. So one second, I gotta get another one for you too. You're gonna love, I want you to see this one. This is a Michael suggestion.


Producer. Michael's like, Dan, you can't do a show about dumb ass Hollywood celebrities calling us all morons when they play make believe for a living without playing Alec Baldwin. Quick Alec Baldwin story before you listen to this clip about how dumb you are from, again, contemporary intellectual icon, Alec Baldwin, this is true. I swear to you this happened. I'm at the US Open one day. I'm stuck on the Hillary Clinton detail watching a tennis match, right? She's visiting there. I'm the site agent. I'm actually, oh, I'm in the Long Island office. Long story short, 'cause I had worked at the US Open the tennis tournament when I was a kid. They're like, can you do the security there? I'm sitting next to her who sits next to me, freaking Alec Baldwin.


He starts talking to me. I'm trying to tell this guy like I'm working, don't talk to me. He looks at me. I've got a Mardo watch on. It was a cheap one, wasn't like one of these expensive ones. He looks at me, he goes, this is G. He goes, is that a mendo? In my head, I'm like, what the fuck is a mendo? I don't even know what a mendo. Oh, you mean my mardo a mendo? Guy's a moron? He's so stupid he wouldn't shut up. I was like, elbow And. I'm like, please stop talking. I'm working. Here's Alec Baldwin calling you all moron stew. Keep him in this bubble. Folks, it only works for us. Check this out. There is a gap, if you will, in information for Americans. Americans are very uninformed about reality. What's really going on with climate change?


Ukraine is, you name it, all the biggest topics in the world. Americans have an appetite for a little bit of information. Gotta get your information from real sources of truth like Alec Baldwin, Alec, be careful with the guns and all, you know, not the, maybe you should have, like I'm just saying, this is what we're dealing with. They really believe this about you. Keep them in the bubble. Keep them in their bubble because it enables us to sneak up on 'em. Hey, by the way, for the holidays, Paula, this is her operation. you know, she knows you guys like the shirts.


This was her idea. So we'll call this the Paula shirt. It says, on the right side of freedom and liberty, available now store, do bonino.com enables us to give a lot of money to charity. We appreciate it. We got a whole bunch of stuff. You see the coin? We did a challenge coin finally, I don't know if you guys like that. It's the back says don't get dead. So there you go. And then this one is my personal favorite. Another Paula special is there for you. Now it says, we are the news now we are the news now because we are the news now. So if you wanna pick one up up to you, we appreciate it. Store do on gino.com and thank you Paula for putting it together.


So I wore white, you know, the white color sometimes, you know, gotta put a little white on like it, like this. White shirts, like the whole T-shirt. Look, folks, they wanna, they really want you to believe this stuff that you are the morons out there. But here's the kind of interesting thing about this. Not only is that obviously a slur against us and insulting, but they have it all backwards. Have you ever debated a leftist folks in the chat? Seriously? Have you guys ever debated a leftist, like a hardcore leftist, whether at a Thanksgiving dinner or whatever, it's you got the lefty, you know, younger cousin who can't shut up or whatever it is. You wish it didn't happen, but they won't shut their mouth. You ever notice they don't really know anything.


So I think as a defense mechanism, what they do, the Sharon Stones, the Alec Baldwins and the other liberal family members and others, is they wanna believe Because. they don't know anything and they don't wanna accept the fact that they're intellectually stupid. What do they do? They transfer that onto you. Transference is a thing in psychology. They transfer onto you their own insecurities. Here's what I mean. I want you to watch this clip from the P Morgan show. This is exactly what I'm talking about. How they don't know shit. Now, if you were a leftist, you've been told that project 2025 is the boogeyman. If you heard of this thing, project 2025 is a very simple thing. It was a think tank, the Heritage Foundation that puts together a series of ideas.


That's what they get paid to do. Donors put, donate money to think tanks, to think of things and ideas. The left has 'em, the right has them. There's nothing interesting about it at all. It's been around forever. Look up the Hewlett Foundation on the left. If you, there's a big Wall Street Journal article about it yesterday. There are a bunch of lefties. They put together ideas. Okay? Project 2025 became the boogeyman. The left ran hundreds of millions of dollars of commercials. Oh, my god, project 2025 is gonna destroy the world right now, I can tell you a good chunk of what's in Project 2025 realigning entitlements with market-based structures, ways to control the regulatory apparatus and use Chevron.


I mean, I can't tell you every single detail, but I can give you a good chunk of what Project 2025 was about. The leftists are the ones making an issue about it, not us here. A lefty on P show is given a golden opportunity to tell one of the people responsible for project 20, 20 25, the Heritage Foundation guy running it right now on tv. What he objects to, let's see who's really Uneducated ignorant and stupid here. Check this out. Let me Go to a friend on, on the left, Brian, 'cause you tweeted or posted to on 25th of November about project 2025, you've got one of the architects sitting right next to me here. You said Trump just named to architect to project 2025 Russ v to his cabinet.


But hey, thank God mainstream media didn't just take Trump's tepid denials at face value and slapped them in their headlines before the accident. So look, you've got an opportunity. Now you've got one of the other architects sitting right next to me. What do you wanna say to him? I mean, Now's A chance. I don't know I don. No, that's very articulate. Thank you. I I mean I don't know what you want. Like I don't, I don't have, well you almost, You almost have a big problem with project 2025. You've got one of the I do. He, he's giving him, he's giving him the opportunity and knife.


I'm right there on tv. Tell the whole world, he's right here. Tell Kevin Roberts, who's a very nice guy, by the way, from Heritage, very smart guy. Tell Kevin Roberts right now, tell him you're beef with Project 2025. you know what this reminds me of? When you go up to the, the, the tarot crowd and you go from the river to the sea, you go, which river, which sea? And they're like the Mississippi, they're the Pacific. They dunno shit. This is a go look up the psychological term transfer. You'll see what I mean. People transfer their own insecurities onto others Because. they don't wanna feel like they're alone in being stupid. This they don't, so they think everybody else is dumb too.


Every people do this all the time. I fair share as well. I gotta tell you, I wasn't too, let me know in the chat because this show is for you guys. This, bonino army. It's not for, for me, I like it, but I, I don't, gee you get me. You're always my worst critic, which I, I appreciate. Were you guys cool with me starting with a little lighter stuff today on Wednesday? I know this isn't like the heaviest stuff, dumb ass Sharon Stone and things like that. I was really unsure putting the show together yesterday. I had it in mind like it's a Wednesday the day before Thanksgiving. I don't wanna like hammer everyone with, you know, but was that crazy? Is it not like the flavor of my show you? I hope you guys enjoy it. I mean we got a pretty good crowd for Wednesday so far, so I hope so.


But I just want you to know, 'cause you're part of my life. And I let you into my internal struggles all the time. you know, I got issues like everyone else, bro, that I really struggled with this yesterday. I'm like, did we put this stuff first? But I just, I it, it's so hard not to laugh at it. How the left is so in love with faux expertise and being hip and cool without actually knowing anything. Now, I told you about the schism. The schism on the left is real. You've got the lefties getting crazier on the far left and you've got this now, I think growing wing of the Democrat party trying to pull them towards sanity. One of the lead voices that you've seen it with, Jenk from the Young Turks you've seen it with and, and again, I'm not applauding these guys' ideas, they're still Democrats.


However this is going on right now. You've got this kind of faux centris ring of the party and Carville, James Carville, who was a Clinton advisor has been one of these guys. I've been using his clips because he's been absolutely losing it Post-election over all the dumb asses out there pretending they didn't get smoke. This clip is just glorious. He's talking about these 20-year-old staffers, the Kamala Harris campaign hired, listen, I love 20 year olds, I was 20. you know a lot. Don't let anybody talk down, talk out to you. However, if you're 20 and you know a lot, you also know you don't know as much as people who are older, but just because you haven't been alive, then it's not your fault.


We love 20. We have a great young audience. There are a lot of Patriots out there who are in their teens. However, smart younger men and even 50 year olds I, don't pretend to know what an 80 year old's been alive 30 years longer than me. The Democrats are in love with youth and this hip image and being cool, despite the fact that some of the advice they get from 'em is really stupid. Listen to Carville lace into them for telling Kamala not to go on Joe Rogan's podcast, the biggest show in the world. Check this out. The Vice president was thinking about going on a Joe Rogan show and a lot of the younger progressive staffers pitched to Hissy fit. Supposedly the campaign said that that wasn't the termed effect, but they did.


When you put a campaign together and you hire young people to do work, let, let me tell you exactly what you tell these people. What I would tell 'em, not only am I not interested in your fucking opinion, I'm not even gonna call you by your name. You're 23 years old. I don't really give a shit what you think and lemme tell you, another huge error, huge fucking error this make is when people said campaigns need to reflect progressive values. No they don't. No they don't. Campaigns are authoritarian by their nature.


And if I were running a 2028 campaign, And I had some little snot nose, 23-year-old saying, I'm gonna resign. If You don't do this, not only would I fire that motherfucker on the spot, I would find out who hired them and fire that person on the spot. I'm really not interested in your uninformed, stupid jackass opinion as to whether you go on Joe rob it or not. I, I love reading the chat. You guys crack me up, TBO and w what the fuck is that? Epu I told you what it is.


It's a bunch of lefties kicking each other's asses engaged in an ideological civil war, and it's glorious to watch. Every single second of it is absolutely glorious to watch. It explains this. I want you to look at this in New York Times, Paul, folks, the majority of Americans are not crazy. you know that this woke stuff, this is why they lost. My friend Dario sent this over the other day. And I was looking at this, groups had shifted towards Republicans. Do you realize the Democrats are getting their asses kicked? Black voters, Hispanic voters, Asian voters, they're getting their res, they're getting their asses kicked everywhere because people are starting to wake up that this craziness Carville's talking about is not fly over country.


It's not rednecks and hay seeds and clingers and bitter Americans. These are the people who make America work. These are the people who go to soccer games and basketball games and are raising their kids and they're all starting to wake up. There's a massive eye opening going on, folks. The awakening has occurred everywhere and the best day the left ever had is yesterday. Folks, things are changing. I believe Donald Trump's appointments of Marty Macari and Jay Charia, N-A-N-I-H-F-D-A over there, these are gonna be huge. There is a mass awakening for real expertise and smart, smart people, and you're seeing it now. I wanna play this clip for you coming up next. It's, it's from the Joe Rogan Podcast Twitter channel.


It's so good. It shows you how the left will rely on Fae expertise and people they think are hip and cool and edgy rather than people who actually know shit. That's the difference between us and them.


Hey, nothing delivers comfort and joy. Quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks this year. Skip the holiday hustle and bustle and save 50% off Sitewide during their co, during their cyber sale at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus get a $30 reward card when you shop early and score an extra $30 off with promo code bonito. That's a big discount. Paul And I just stocked the fridge. I opened up my fridge. Yesterday's Omaha all over the place. We love Omaha. Steaks. The food's delicious. I've been a customer for a long time. Omaha got us through some really long nights. You throw a steak right on the grill. I do a Pittsburgh style, little Omaha seasoning, absolutely delicious, so tender, constantly delivering the world's best steak experience and their gifting experts made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages starting at 89 point 99 from legendary steaks to mouthwatering desserts and more. Save 50% off cy y during the cyber sale at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino and a $30 reward card when you shop early. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com and an extra $30 off with promo code bonino O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details.


Thanks Omaha Steaks, this is what I'm talking about. The left can continue to rely on Sharon Stone and Alec Baldwin for their expertise in certain areas. We're gonna continue to rely on people who actually know something. The Joe Rogan podcast, put this thing up. I know you guys are really hot on the appointment of these public health officials now and you should be. Charia was the author of the Barrington Declaration that turned out to be right. It said, don't shut stuff down this virus. You're not gonna be able to stop it. Natural imms a thing. The masks are the don't work. These are crap. And folks, listen, I got hammered pretty bad for telling you the truth about Covid early. It's why we're not on YouTube. It's why I went over to Rumble.


I'll get to that in a second, but I want you to watch this. This is a clip from Rogan. Remember when Donald matter of failure, what's that matter of failure? What? This clip matter of failure, okay, I'm sorry. Give me proper credit there. I want you to watch this. This is Donald Trump telling people early on in the Covid pandemic the same thing. We said, go, please go look it up. Don't take my word for it. I'm not trying to take credit for it. I'm just saying go back and look. Bonafides matter. I told everyone this death rate is being exaggerated dramatically. Trump told you the same thing and they all laughed at him. Yeah, watch what happened. Check this out. Well, I think the 3.4% is really a false number based on a lot of conversations with a lot of people that do this.


I think the number is way under 1%. So to Fact check the World Health Organization says the coronavirus death rate is 3.4%. President Trump lies that the World Health Organization is wrong. The number is 3.4%. 3.4% is what it's being reported around the world. Making a deadly is so much Death. The Death rate, the percentage is 3.4% and no hunch from the president can change that. Trump Lied about the most recent World Health Organization estimate that the global death rate of coronavirus is 3.4% percent. The 3.4% death rate was wrong and WHO data later updated it to a Fraction of 1%. Let's go Back into history. Trump Has a hunch that the death rate is lower than 1%. Way under 1%.


Way under 1%. Will someone put a mozzarella stick in his stupid hole? Trump lied to viewers about the mortality rate Way under 1% false Information. He's spreading disinformation, Misinformation, dangerous disinformation. If your President of the United States, you have the world's greatest scientists at your disposal, you listen To them leading scientists, including Dr. Fauci wrote in the New England Journal of Medicine that the death rate could be considerably less than 1%. Folks, how does it feel? Really, you're in the chat. You're talking to me live. I'm watching you guys right here. Who wrote that? I freaking hate our media. Quench 57 Quench, I'm with you brother or sister. I, I don't, I don't know. I know you know your pronouns.


I'm just not sure. Quench 57 could be a man or a woman. Quench, I am with you. How does it feel? Really is, I'm assuming good, but let me know in the chat, how does it feel that probably 90 plus percent of us are not public health people? Some of you are EMTs, paramedics, first responders, doctors, PAs. Most of us aren't. Most of us have different jobs that most of us don't have any scientific background in public health space. Epidemiology of virology at all. How does it feel to know you knew you were being lied to? While the world's greatest quote experts fell right in the trap, that stupid smart people are the biggest infection, pun intended the world has ever seen.


They are smart, educated people who will fall for anything and then when they realized they got hosed, they stick to the script. Because, they don't wanna look stupid. You remember this? Someone in the chat said, I should send YouTube a thank you card. They already have. It's in my book, my last book, I wrote a whole chapter on giving YouTube the double barrel. Remember when YouTube banned me? YouTube permanently banned Fox News host Dan Bonino. Why? They get a load of this shit. Is this hilarious? I was banned years ago after I posted a video where I questioned the effectiveness of using masks against the coronavirus. Thank you YouTube. Now that we got 3.45 million subscribers on Rumble, the biggest live stream in the country, some days the biggest live stream in the world, how does it feel that you got and we didn't?


It feels great, doesn't it? The greatest thing that ever happened was me telling you know, you on YouTube that the vaccine does not stop the spread of covid. They told me, don't say that again. Don't say that again. And I told you masks don't work and they banned us. Greatest day of my life on there. It's what happens when you're far ahead, folks, if listen, the, there's a big debate going on on Twitter right now by some of these social media influencers. I don't say that as a pejorative or as a negative. There's a big debate about what we should do with people who's have undergone the awakening process and have now what do we call red pill? And they've seen, they've now seen the light and they're coming over to our side.


There is some people are saying that, you know, oh, there needs to be some kind of, you know, reckoning with these. Listen, politics is about power. And I don't get emotional about anything. I see everything as a spreadsheet. If I can use someone who saw the light as a plus one and get them to vote for us, then I'm gonna take it. Some of you may disagree. That's okay. That's the great part about being in the conservative movement is we all don't have to agree on everything. But there's a real debate about this. That's why I wanna play this clip. This is Bill Martin, Stephen A. Smith. These guys are not our friends at all. Okay? Let's not like put them on a pedestal, but they do have audiences. And I want you to watch what happens when belatedly people start to come around just so you see it and realize they've been lied to by the media the whole time.


This one's not about covid, this one's about Donald Trump being a racist fascist Nazi. I want you to watch what happens when they start to realize on camera for the first time. Like, Hey, maybe I was lied to the whole time. If you've been listening to this show, however, what Stephen A. Smith says here, I told you a long time ago. I'll tell you the story, you'll remember it in a second, but watch this. But I've told this on many occasions. I said this in my recent appearance on the View and stuff like that. Trump And I were friendly right before he ran for president. He used to have these boxing matches, particularly during the Tyson fights at the, at the Trump casinos. He would be at the Knicks games and stuff like that. And if we're being totally honest, all the brothers found him to be cool, right?


They found him to be very cool. So, so, so, so, so let's be clear, because he knew his sports, alright, right? He would say what he feel, right? He bucked the establishment, which we loved and, and we gravitated to that. And obviously it was, it was a certain age and we, and you get a certain, like it was cool. You remember me telling you this? Do you remember a couple years ago folks in the chat put a why, if you remember that A friend, I'll tell you who it was now, okay? 'cause it's, you know, it's, it's, he doesn't care if I tell you anyway, but the CEO of Rumble, who is obviously a good friend, Chris Pavlovsky, a huge believer in free speech. He was at a UFC event. And I didn't I told you the story? I've never told you the names.


And he was talking to a bunch of very, very wealthy, smart black businessmen. Some were entertainers, some were business people, some were in sports. And one of them said to Chris, it's like three years ago, maybe more, one of them said to Chris, man, you're gonna be shocked in the next election, how many black men vote for Donald Trump? And he said to Chris And I quote, yeah, a lot of 'em call him Uncle Trump. I never heard that, but I don't need to hear it. I told you this story three years ago. Again, it's not something Stiggy in witches moment. Get me in the eye. It's not like I was trying to be a fortune teller. I was just passing on what someone said.


But then Chris told me that the more meetings he had with black and Hispanic businessman and others trying to come on to Rumble and do business, he said the same sentiment kept coming up. If you listen to the show, you were way ahead of it. And it's not because of any kind of, you know, again, professor X genius we had, all we did was listen, Stephen a could have listened to Alec Baldwin and Sharon Stone aren't listening. They're still in their Truman show bubble folks yesterday. Speaking of this, the, the connecting points between race, the media being lied to in the bubble they live in. Katherine her who is an amazing reporter.


She has a channel on on X Twitter, and she's probably one of the best reporters, if not the best investigative reporter out there. She dropped a nuke yesterday and I'm gonna tell you something after you hear this snippet of her story and it's on X. If you wanna see the whole thing about what she found in the a hundred, a hundred button, no, no, no. This is different. This has nothing to do with drugs and international business dealings. This is different because the media's obsessed with the race topic. You're gonna see why this matters in a second. Stay tuned. I got a whole lot more to get to And. I want a big thank you by the way, to another podcaster out there who had a lot of nice things to say about the show and the army out there and we appreciate it.


Thank you a bunch. you know, army.


Hey, for those of us holding our breath for the past several months. Inhale, exhale. Work can finally be done on the big issues. Okay, what's one of the biggest, the Red Menace. What is that? It is the national debt. The red ink piling up. It's a house of cards. It can't be quickly dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. Do what I do. Diversify your savings. I buy gold from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H. So many things are out of our control. The president's control. It's important to have a safe haven for your assets and your savings. Protect them. Birch, Gold Group. The company I use will help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit. Plus right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one out Silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchase, help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your eligibility for free Silver Today. Message and data rate supply.


And our last spot, today's show brought to you by burna. Do you have a burna? Listen, we all hope we never have to defend our lives or the lives of our families. You don't wanna be in that situation, but sometimes a firearm isn't the only answer. That's where Burner comes in with their non-lethal firearms and accessories. Right now, burner's having their biggest sale of the year for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. You can get 15% off Sitewide until December 2nd. It's a perfect time to stock up for the holidays Burners. Launchers are a great alternative to deadly force. They fire powerful deterrent like tear gas and kinetic rounds. They can incapacitate someone for up to 40 minutes from 60 feet away. Police departments around the country are using Burn instead of tasers because it works really well. Do yourself and your family a favor and check it out. Made in America Legal on all 50 states, no background checks needed and shipped right to your door. Visit berna.com/dan now through December 2nd to get 15% off. Sitewide. Act fast. The offer won't last long. That's BYRA burna.com/dan to get 15% off sitewide now through December 2nd, try it out. Protect yourself and your loved ones with Berna today.


Thanks Berna, we appreciate it. I want you to watch this. This blew up yesterday on X. Here's Katherine her on what she found in the Hunter Biden emails. Folks, it involves some pretty heavy racist kind of language and apparently the media knew about this and the whole Hunter Biden episode and squashed it. That's pretty amazing. Because, they was Because, they were so busy calling you guys. Morons and racists. While they may have had some evidence of the contrary, someone else check this out. Once we got the laptop story on the morning news, I felt that there was so much there that we could still do. For example, in the text messages, there's unfortunately the use of the N word, the liberal use of the N word And I thought this was worthy of a story, but I was told that it was not something that interested CBS news.


Then I, I asked for a forensic review of the laptop and we found that there were more than half a dozen emails that were likely used by Joe Biden. I thought that was a story, but the answer that came back was, well, we need to know what the content is of the emails. But that was gonna be a years long process. So there was no way. So there just, there were just, there were a lot of reasons I was told not to do it, not to pursue it, Folks, they tried to squash this story. And I want you to remember when we go back to the beginning of the show, the Sharon Stones Yek Baldwins, the, the Democrats on CNN and M-S-N-B-C, the Nicole Wallace of the world of Rachel Maddows telling you, you are the Uneducated buffoons.


That it was the quote educated people that told you to put a face, face diaper on your face to stick an untested vaccine in your arm. That it was gonna stop the prevention of Covid, that the Hunter Biden laptop was a product of Russian disinformation. That there's a peepee tape of Donald Trump. These are the educated people. I gotta tell you, man, you know, it's the holidays. I've been in a particularly good mood this week Spec, you know, it feels just like we've done so much this year. I, I'm still, I don't know about you guys, but I'm still floating since election day. I, I don't know if that sounds weird or it just felt like This isn this weight off my shoulder like we've been let outta prison and you know what feels even better? That we were right and that we've been vindicated that in an election.


The majority of voters sided with us. you know, I usually don't play stuff like this, but I really appreciate this. This is, do you guys know Jimmy Doer? Jimmy Doer is a very, very popular content creator. You've probably seen him, he was on Tucker Carlson show on Fox a lot. Funny guy does a pretty great job. He's not a a a conservative guy. But again, that doesn't matter to me. All I really care about is the truth. I'm not really interested in. Like, if, if you're interested in the truth and you wanna debate, like we had Jenk on the show, I'm happy to do it. I thought it was a more than respectful thing, but this was really nice for him to say. He gave, he gave us a kind of a shout out in the show and this kind of stuff doesn't happen often. There's a lot of jealousy and hatred in this business.


We choose not to partake in it. It's very nice for people to recognize it. So given it's Thanksgiving, I want to thank Jimmy Doer for this. Here, check this out. Oh. yeah, you got Tucker Carlson, you got Joe Rogan, you got the gray zone, you got you guys, you got, I'm just talking about people that are actually have an anti-establishment narrative. I'm not talking about the Young Turks or the David Pacman's or the M-S-N-B-C contract people. I'm talking about people who actually have an anti-establishment narrative and who don't back a particular political party. you know, you got Tucker Carlson's, you got, you know, I know you guys are hard on Russell brand. I still think he does great segments. I watch his show all the time.


You got Glenn Greenwald. Glenn Greenwald. I mean, I I can't stop watching his show him him, his show and your show are my two favorites. And so, and then, and then there's guys I don't watch who are even bigger like that, that that Dan Bongino guy like I don Oh. Yeah, that guy is really big. Yeah, That guy destroy, He's mainly on Rumble, right? Yeah. He's only on Rumble. Yeah, This isn show mainly on Rumble. Yeah. And he's cry. I mean I don't, I I I have to admit, I know I never watch his show, but I see his numbers and my blows my mind, right? So, and I'm sure he has the anti-Russia gate narrative. I'm sure he told the truth about January 6th. I don't know where he was on Covid, but I'm sure he was an establishment I'm sure on Ukraine.


I'm sure he is telling the, you know, it just, so yeah. That, that's really awesome, man. Thank you. And I just want you to know it, it, it's, it's, here's what's the interesting part about that segment. So it's not a me, me, me thing. He doesn't watch the show. How do we know that? Because he said it. But he was right about every single thing. We were ahead of the Spygate story. We wrote a book called Spygate. We were years ahead of them spying on Donald Trump on Ukraine, who was the one who put out the segment with the bio labs where we put out, we put out was it was, it was that Newland Victoria Newland on there. We put, we put that whole segment up about Ukraine and then there's a whole chapter in one of my books called Insane in Ukraine talking about Soros and the FBI in Ukraine and what they were up to and the Ukrainian role in the Spygate thing.


Again, that doesn't mean that they deserve what happened, but yeah, we were way ahead of that. The covid stuff. A lot of people talked a lot of shit during Covid. Really? How come they're still on YouTube then? I'm not. I was kicked off. Yeah, put it up again. Why? Because I challenged the Covid narrative early and you guys were with me. So thank you for standing with me on all this stuff. And you know it, it's fine. I don't knock other people, you do your thing. But we suffered for it. We lost 800,000 subscribers on YouTube. It turned out to be the greatest thing that ever happened. But folks, it was real. And I'm really proud to have stood in the face of the hack media when it was easy to just go along, to get along, especially during COVID and say, no, we're not doing that.


And I don't care if you ban us. We're gonna find some other way to do it. you know, my wife And I really struggled, man. We were like, how do we buy servers and run our own video? And we thought, and then thankfully I met Chris from Rumble and he's like, Hey, I got a platform for you. I mean, that, that's how the whole thing started. You almost rest assured these days, this is how sad it is, by the way, with the left wing hack media, that whatever they tell you, if you were a betting man with a gun through your head, forced to make a really poor choice, right? If the hack media tells you something, you are almost guaranteed that the opposite story is true. I want you to watch what happens in this CNN segment. This guy, I like this guy. This, isn, sure.


Michael Singleton. This guy's got a set arm. This is the guy who got into it with the guy about the trans issue. We played that clip the other day. Here he is talking about exactly that. When, when the Hack media tells you what matters, like Donald Trump's a fascist, this should matter to you. that you should probably believe that it doesn't matter. And the hack media wants you to believe it matters. 'cause they have an agenda. Watch the panel go silent. Why? He says exactly that. Check this out For months and months even on this network. We talked about this stuff over and over and over at Naum, and it didn't move the needle. Joe Biden tried. It didn't work. The vice president tried it didn't work. And if you believe Harry Ton's commentary earlier today on our network, Donald Trump's app approval right now is up what?


18 points I believe despite all of these things. I remember data and a litany of articles from the Washington Post and the New York Times about how this matters. And all the polling, polling data that suggested voters were so concerned about all of these issues. And yet Donald Trump improved his margins from 2020, including among demographics that not a single Republican having done well with since Richard Nixon, And I. Don't think you can dismiss any of those things. I mean, if I'm being, I guess blunt, Laura, I don't think the average American person cares about these things when compared to other issues that really impact their day-to-Day lives. Listen man, I I I I've, I gotta tell you, I did a live show today because I wanted to, 'cause we have, we're gonna, tomorrow we have off, just so you know the schedule.


I'm live on the radio today, so if you wanna watch on Rumble, you can just watch on the Rumble channel where we multistream the radio show to Rumble. Just so you know. by the way, the first, I get a lot of questions about this, sorry to wear you guys out, but the first two hours of the radio show are free. The last hour is only for local subscribers. It's a long story, but if you wanna watch the three hours of radio and the interviews, subscribe to locals. You can do it right at the top of the page right here at Rumble. There's a red button. It's up to you. Totally, completely. Your call. I don't, I obviously don't push it too much. Some of you, it's the first time you're hearing it, but we, we do a lot. And I was debating doing a show, a live show today. 'cause I wasn't sure you were interested.


And I gotta tell you. I I thought we're probably not even gonna crack a hundred thousand people. People are on the road traveling and we're better to crack 140,000. So thank you so much. It really, it's Thanksgiving again tomorrow. And I want you to know how much you guys mean to me. I know what everybody's doing to do. I I see you all out there. I see you all fighting a fight with me and it means the world to me. Alright, back to the show. I don't want to get emotional. We have a special Geraldo thing coming tomorrow, by the way these guys put together where I have some commentary on it. Don't miss it. Especially the Mc groin crew. This is right up your alley. It's the Geraldo highlights for me and him with some additional commentary about what really happened. Folks, I miss these days. I miss these days.


I am so happy that this transition is going to come to a conclusion in January and Donald Trump is gonna raise his right hand and swear on the Bible and not be the President-elect, but be the president again. Why I missed the days of truth and honesty. We were way out ahead of this. You guys were way, you guys were for Trump before it was cool to be for Trump. I'm so happy to be part of it. Do you remember this at the White House, Jim Acosta? The only reason I bring this up is Kaitlyn Collins, who was the movie critic for, for the Daily call a while ago, who now finds herself magically in primetime at CNN is gonna be the White House correspondent. So you can expect more stupidity in the briefing room now that the immigration issue is getting hot again. I want you to remember all the bullshit that happened when Trump was in office.


Here's a clip of Jim Acosta who thought Trump made up the border crisis. There's no accountability for any of this at all, by the way. Here it is. Watch this Acosta pretending the border crisis is a Trump fabrication. Check this out. Jim Acosta. Thank you Mr. President. I, I wonder if you could comment on this disconnect that we seem to have in this country where you are presenting information about what's happening at the border, calling it invasion, talking about women with duct tape over their mouths and so on. And yet there's a lot of reporting out there. There's a lot of crime data out there. There's a lot of Department of Homeland security data out there that shows border crossings at a near record, low undocumented criminals or undocumented immigrants committing crime at lower levels than native born Americans.


What do you say to your You? Don't you don't really believe that statute? Do you really believe that Statute? What do you, lemme ask you this. Well take a look at our federal prison. I believe, I believe in facts and statistics and more Quick, let's Go. Let just ask you this. What do you say to your critics who say that you are creating a national emergency, that you're concocting a national emergency here in order to get your wall angel because couldn't get a drug. I angels, What do you think? Do you think I'm creating something? Ask these incredible women who lost their daughters and their sons. This is real. Okay? Because your question is a very political question. 'cause you have an agenda. Your CNN, your fake news, you have an agenda. Oh, I missed that.


Can you, I cannot wait for the days of this again, him exposing the fake news. Losers, let me ask you a question. Have they been right about anything? How many of these topics have we covered even in the last 45 minutes on this show? They were wrong on covid. They were wrong on the border. They were wrong on the bio labs in Ukraine. They were wrong on Ukraine in general. They were wrong about Hamas. They were wrong about the economy. They were wrong about the border. They were wrong about inflation calling it transitory. They were wrong about mass. They were wrong about vaccines. They were wrong about Spygate. They were wrong about collusion. Have these idiots been right about anything? This is why the transition's been great because Trump has appointed a lot of door kickers.


We saw a bot cha in there. The Barrington Declaration got on the Covid front, but on the border front, I can't think of a better guy than newly appointed soon to be sworn in. Once we get, once we take over the White House, Tom Holman, his borders are, here's Tom Holman on Fox with Greg Abbott talking about what's gonna happen if you are gonna be one of these liberal communists who's gonna break the law and harbor illegals in your cities. This is a great clip. Check this out. Tom, you you heard the go, you heard this mayor out there in in Colorado. I want to get your reaction to it. And. I want you to be clear about who has jurisdiction, the federal government or state and local governments.


And if you're a sanctuary state or city, are you breaking the law? Yeah, absolutely. Breaking law. All he has to do to look at Arizona versus us c these's breaking the law. Well, look, me and the Denver mayor, we agree on one thing. He's willing to go to jail. I'm willing to put him in jail because there, there's a statute. It is title 8 9 6 United States called 1324 Triple I. And what it says is it's a felony if you knowingly harbor and conceal illegal alien from immigration authorities. Yes, yes. We need more of that. I want every single person put in a position of authority in the Trump cabinet and these Trump secondary kind of sub cabinet and important bureaucratic positions to be thinking the exact same thing.


Cutesy time is what folks in the chat freaking over was over a long time ago. We had to deal with this shit for the last three and a half years. Once he swears in it is the official, the gavel is down. End of cutesy time. Cutesy time is over. Thank you Jake. Can we do it one more time? I'm just gotta be my new family. Cutesy. Time is over. Thank you. It's over. by the way, did you see this last night? Do you realize the train wreck we avoided with Kamala Harris? Kamala Harris made her first kind of digital appearance yesterday given an interviews.


This is real. It's not ai. Did you guys catch this? I think we should vo this because exposing these people, This isn like a so I think is a horrible idea. I think some of 'em may pass out and die just from like the loss of neurons. I'm watching 'em on the screen. This is real. Kamala Harris does a donor call last night because the Democrat national Committee is broke and they need millions of dollars to pay off a bunch of vendors. They screwed over Kamala. Does this call last night? And folks, I'm not sure what she was doing before this call, but this, you wanna talk about a broken human being. She looks worse than Hillary Clinton after 2016.


I'm not talking about appearance, I'm talking about a person who realizes her political career is not only done, but she's gonna be a laughing stock from this point on. I don't know what happened in this play. Some of this, this was a total mess. Listen To this again. I'll say, you know the, the election didn't turn out like we wanted it to. Certainly not as we planned for it to. But understand that the work we put into it was about empowering people. That's the spirit with work we did. Our spirit and our work was about saying you Think so that It is a strength that we each have to lift people up. And, I know that about you. Lift people up. It's why you're part of this call right now and all the work that you did over those Hundred.


Give us some money. Pay off these vendors. We screwed. That's your nature. It's your nature Leaders that you, that we are dedicated to the coalition. The Coalition Of the strength of our country will be a function of our willingness to put in the work. Did she say about don't let them take your power And that we'll do that work with a sense of joy. Yes, with a sense of work ethic and understanding. It's gonna be hard joy, but it's good work. It's good work. Happy happy. Joy. Joy, joy. What was that?


Happy, happy joy. Joy. Happy, happy, happy. Joy, joy. Happy, happy. Joy. Happy, happy. Joy. What the, what just happened there? I'm not speculating. I care not to. Maybe she had a good time the night before. I don't know. I just don't know what the hell Happened there. You wanna see the best diagnosis of what went wrong with this disastrous train wreck of a campaign. I should have played this in the beginning. Let me tell you in advance, I know this guy, not personally, but the guy you're about to hear I know from Florida politics, his name's John Morgan, huge democrat.


He donates to everyone. His commercials are if you live in Florida, Michael, have you seen these yet? Morgan and Morgan like this guy's a big deal in Democrat politics, huge deal. He's on Chris Cuomo, who obviously comes from a democrat legacy family. Mario Cuomo, his dad, Andrew, his brother, the governor of New York, right? He's on Chris Cuomo's show and he's talking about the Kamala Harris campaign and how the whole thing was a big AstroTurf scam. Sounds like something we told you that this was all a money making scam. They never had a chance to win. This is a Democrat. This guy is not a Republican.


Look him up. Huge mega donor. Watch about a minute of this and you'll see why that campaign was a total scam and you should be asking for a refund on the left. Check this out. And the money started pouring in. Pouring in. Remember this Chris, it wasn't pouring in for Harris, it was pouring in against Trump. Everybody that was voting and supporting Harris was really voting against Trump. And everybody that was voting for Trump was voting for Trump. So she had all this money coming in, she had all these consultants and if you don't run the ads, you don't get paid for the buy.


They were running ads in Florida where I live nonstop. And I'm like, why? I mean, are they running 'em in Alabama and Idaho too? And I'll tell you why. If You don't run the ads, the buyer doesn't get paid a five, 900,000 to put her face on the sphere in Las Vegas in the sphere in Los, the ego, the crazy, the commissions. I was at the White House for a dinner Friday night talking to a lot of people. And I'm telling you, man, there's a lot of whispering. There's a lot of names about who got paid this and who got paid that. And a lot of people got rich on the back of donors trying to stop Trump.


And I. Think this disqualifies her forever. Forever, Folks, when you've run for office, and that's what I Did, I ran in a blue state as a Republican, you know, you get your ass kicked over there. Everybody's afraid to get anywhere near you. 'cause they're afraid. The Democrats in power, you know, are, are going to ice them out. It's tough to run in a deep blue state. I've seen this upfront, up close and personal. They will tell you to do things that are not in the interest of the movement or the campaign, just so they can get a cut of the ad spend. That's all. This was the Kamala Harris campaign. Never had a shot.


Did you see Pluff and the internals, and that was it. Stephanie Cutter and others. Slowly coming around and starting to leak out the idea that the internal polling was never good, man. Again, I I, I just don't want you to waste your time here. Go back and listen to the shows we told you that you, they were never ahead. This was all bullshit. The whole thing was astro. There was no pro comma la crowd. It was only an anti-Trump crowd. That was it. That was the whole thing. I'm gonna leave you with this clip today because this is kind of a national security thing, and that's one of my big interests is keeping Donald Trump safe.


Folks, there's a lot of chatter again about me and stuff. Th this ignore that stuff. That stuff is all media crap. I'm telling you, it's all fake news. However, I've said before, I am more than happy to give subject matter expertise about keeping Donald Trump alive. Donald Trump's life is in danger. There's no doubt about it. There's a very significant threat against him. And anyone on the inside with a couple beers in him will tell you that without giving you the specs. Right? His life's in real danger. One of the things that freaks me out the most is an airborne attack via drone folks. It is really, really hard to stop. And there's a very simple reason.


Humans can't fly. You can't just go in. You can address a target on the ground. It may not be comfortable to do it, but you can do it. You can go hand to hand. You can go knife to knife, you can go gun to gun, but you can address it because you're both subject to this thing called gravity. We don't fly. There is nothing you can do about a target in the air. If you don't have some kind of device to help you, you can't reach out and touch it. It's not complicated. When you look inside the bubble, my first book was called Life Inside the Bubble. It's a 360 degree bubble around the president. The most difficult thing to do is to secure the airspace and drones. I'm telling you, if they're ever gonna get us drones are gonna be the way they do it.


Are they gonna drop something? Are they gonna swarm? And we better get ahead of it. Here's a fascinating minute long segment on Joe Rogan's podcast. This isn a great show where the guest discusses the threat of drones and why China is way, way ahead of the US on drones. This stuff freaks me out. Watch this. The FAA killed the drone industry years ago. The the reason why we don't have the reason why the Chinese are winning in the drone, the drone wars is 'cause the FAA basically made drones illegal in the US years ago. So like the FAA has been a big problem. you know, the, what is it? The f oh, also the FAA When you say made drones illegal, but you could still buy drones. Like what, what have they done? So legally you cannot fly a drone in the US that is beyond line of sight if You don't have a pilot's license.


Wow. Which means if you're a US drone manufacturer, you have to build a system that enforces that regulation. So you, But if you're a Chinese, Have to handicap your ability. Yes. So either the, either the US drone needs to either not fly beyond line of sight, which is not very useful. Right? Right. Or it needs to somehow validate or only have customers that have pilot, have pilot licenses. China, there's no such restriction. Right? And the Chinese, we have, because we run a more open economy, the Chinese drones, you can just buy in the US and use however you want. Technically as the user of the drone, you're outta compliance with the law. But they ignore that part. They just punish the American drone makers. Wow. And that's why, that's why Chinese owned the drone market. And that's why 90% of the drones used by the US military and by US police are Chinese made drones.


Which again, that sounds like a terrible security risk is a very bad idea because every Chinese drone is both a potential surveillance platform and a potential weapon. Oh, Crimey, yes. I believe that's Mark Andreessen. But that is a really powerful segment. We can't afford to lose the tactical advantage in drone technology once you implement AI and incredibly fast computer chips inside of these drones. I saw a couple people, yeah, shotgun might work against one or two, but remember those things come down too. Not just the drone, but the rounds. And what are you gonna do? I mean, if you have a swarm of five, 600 of these, this, yeah, it keeps me up at a, I hope people say that, but if that cliche was real, this is the kind of stuff that would keep me up at night.


You gotta do something about the drones. You have to, they are way, way ahead of us. It freaks me out a little bit. Folks, thanks so much. I really hope you enjoy Thanksgiving. It's a just a great holiday. You know, God, family, country, right? That's the order. You get that right? Everything else falls in line. And. I want you to know Thanksgiving is obviously here tomorrow that I really deeply appreciate all of you. You really matter to me. And. I. Never thought I'd see myself here, but we do. I think when I walked away, I'd find myself doing the world's most popular live stream and this radio show. But we are, and it's thanks to you. And your support means the world to me. I love you guys and ladies so much. You matter more than me, than you'll ever know. I talk about it, my wife all the time. Can't believe you invest the time in me.


It's just that it's, it's really incredible. Please support Rumble. We believe in free speech. Download the Rumble app if you can, or check us out. Rumble dot com slash bonino. And over the holidays. If you wouldn't mind going Apple Podcasts and Spotify, give us a follow on The Dan Bongino Show. And if you wanna check out the new shirts and the challenge coined, then here you go. Because yes, we are the news now store bonino.com. See you on the radio show here in a little bit. And back here on Monday, you just heard The, Dan, Bongino Show.