
Good morning and welcome to Bonino Report, Early Edition. And you guys know that when I have guests, I always say I have a special guest today, special guest today. This time it is actually the most special guest that we could possibly have on this show because it is Dan Bonino himself joining the Early Edition. Wow. This better be a really good interview. Well, the audience gonna be really good. You know what, that was quite an intro. Anytime you come on, Dan. And it's like the, like you, you show up on the side of the screen at the end of my show, every once in a while they flip Out. Well, it was weird, right? Because we were in this small studio, there's nowhere to go. So you have to like genuflect and you gotta move over and I gotta steal the mic from you. Yeah, it just didn't work. Now we're in this big studio, so look at this.


I'm just learning this now. So that's my camera. We got the two shot. Avitas got our camera over here. We only had two cameras in the other studio, and one of them was at this awkward angle. So this has worked out Perfect. I'm, I'm glad you, like, we're still working on your set Avita sets right over there. We're tinkering with the lighting over there, but you like it so far, getting out of the, My favorite part is this side shot. Can we, can you guys see the, the, the flag here? Yeah. Yeah. You can kind of see it. It is so cool. And especially in my shot. It's amazing. And this is what's so amazing about the stand, is we started this out and we were literally in a closet in your house. Yeah. And now we're in this incredible studio. This, the team is growing.


The the company is growing. We now have Haley's show. And by the way, Haley's show is amazing. It's at 6:00 PM same as my show, so I'm Bina report. You guys can get it. 6:00 PM Eastern Time. It is so cool to be growing like this. Did you, did you envision this when you started the podcast like five, six years ago? You know, I, I, I guess the stock company, you know, iPhoto answer you can buy offline is, you know, no, I didn't see it. And I think, but, but no, I, I mean, I did. If I didn't have a vision, I wouldn't have done it. Now did I know it was gonna turn into, you know, a what I hope to be an alternative to linear cable, like all day programming, which is eventually my goal. No, I, but I, I, I, you know, I felt like I had a calling.


I had, you know, I haven't, obviously I've failed it a lot in life. I've, you know, I didn't ran for office, it didn't work out. But that's where the podcast came from. I think as I wrote in that last book, you know, it's, it, it's, your failures shouldn't define you. And there were things I just, I didn't get into medical school, so I went to business school. So after I had lost this run for office, I was reading this article about podcasting, how kids weren't, this is in 2014, I'm reading this article, how young people, I shouldn't say kids who were driving, weren't listening to car radio anymore, that they were listening to Bluetooth. And they said, podcasting will be the future. And of course, it was named after the iPod. That's where podcast comes from. And I thought I should start one of those. And I kind of knew within the first couple weeks I said, this is really, this is interesting.


Like, you can talk and you can talk about whatever you want. And we didn't have a sponsor for about three, four years. But I knew the show was going to, was gonna be good. I I knew it because I knew God had called me for something different despite falling down a couple times. But did I expect it was gonna turn into this? And you show blowing up. I mean, you were, I I sent you that thing at show prep this morning. Did you see that you were a top 50 live stream yesterday on Bino report? Yeah. Did I expect this to happen? No. No. So it's kind of a yes or no answer. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's incredible what's happened. And you know, you're, you're having a major transition right now. You built this whole studio. We're starting something, and yet you're taking a step back. You're gonna go and serve, which you've, you've done before, but it's, it's pretty hard to, you know, serve when you have all of this that you've built now suddenly coming to fruition in front of you, and you're like, I'm gonna make that sacrifice.


And something that you said to me that's really always had an impact, well, you didn't say it to me, you said to the world, but it's still had an impact on me. You were being interviewed by Tucker Carlson and you were talking about suffering and you said, you know, your, your job in life isn't to be happy all the time. Like, you shouldn't always be pursuing just happiness. No. That we have a reward system that's different than that. Can you expand on that and like, how does that, you know, apply to what you're doing right now? Well, I know you and I share a common belief in the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. If you believe in Jesus and you're missing the meaning of suffering, you really miss the meaning. Like, yeah, Jesus didn't have to sit there and give nails driven into his wrist.


And I mean, he certainly didn't have to. He's God. He could say, you know what, I'm not, I'm not doing this today. I just, I don't feel like it. He's God, he's omnipotent. He's omniscient. So there was a lesson there, and there's a, there's a, a book, the Natural, there's a movie too, but I've quoted it off in my audience, probably heard it before. But Bernard Malamud, it's about baseball, but the book's actually really good. So is the movie. But in the book, there's the line, you know, that there, there were you, we all live two lives. The one we learn from and the one we live, the one we live after that. And that the real path to happiness is through suffering. And that's what I was trying to explain in that Tucker interview. I remember that answer. Well, yeah, it that the, you have, I hate stupid cliches like, oh, you know, don't worry, be happy like the Bobby McFerrin on me too.


No, no worry. And don't always be happy because I can be happy There's crack. Well, it makes you happy for 15 minutes. Yeah, it does. Look, I mean, you can look at the dopamine. People love it. People can throw their whole lives away. You have alcohol hygiene. People can't stop drinking. You have people out there who, who smoke and nicotine, hey, it's gonna kill you. But it makes me happy. So I don't worry. Be happy. No, don't be happy. The irony is you will be happy. You will be happiest when you say, don't worry, suffer. Yeah. When you choose deliberate suffering, working extra hours, putting in hours in the morning in the gym, even silly things like I talk about the cold plunge and people may laugh, but you know what, jumping in 45 degree water in the morning really sucks at five 30 in the morning.


But you know what? It's good for my body and I need it. So I Do it and it sucks. And, you know, go, go to your, your kid's game after a long day of work when you're tired. You could go home and eat popcorn and watch whatever, some crappy movie on Netflix. But that's not being a dad, that's being a loser. So yeah, you happy watching your Netflix like a fat ass eating your popcorn? Yeah. You're happy. You know, I mean, you guys know, you think your dad was happy commuting from W Wisconsin. That's not a one way flight, that's not an easy flight. He was a congressman for multiple terms. You, you think that was like happy joy, joy time. I mean, dealing with a lot of these people in DC and I think the lesson is, and I'm sorry, but I'll wrap it up here.


Is, is is seek, if you seek suffering, you'll be the happiness. You'll be the happiness. If you seek happiness, you're gonna suffer. That is the greatest irony of life. Jesus taught us the lesson in the Bible. And even if you're not a Christian, even if you're not, I, I, I like, I I love Jesus. And that's my reli. It may not be yours, but you look at the world's great religions, which millions of people follow, every single one of 'em has the same lesson. You have got to suffer to reach salvation. It's not, you're never gonna reach salvation seeking happiness all the time. It's embarrassingly it's an embarrassingly bad approach to life. And that's why when that call came in for this, just like when it came in for your dad, what a great job up at Fox.


I know I talk to your dad all the time. We're good friends. The answer was yes. There's not even a second thought. Yeah. Do it. That's the answer. Even if it involves some temporary sacrifice. Yeah. And I think even if you're always pursuing happiness and you might think it'll make you happy, ultimately what makes you happy is when you take the hard route and you, and you pursue suffering. That's where the fulfillment comes from. That's what the reward system that you were talking about comes. But haven't you seen in your life, I mean yeah, you were in University of Chicago, right? With the vaccine thing? Yeah. You could've just taken it right? I definitely taken, you Probably would've, I mean, you would've caused yourself probably some issues, but you could've saved yourself a lot of headaches. Correct? I I almost got expelled.


Okay. Exactly. I had sue the university. I, I mean, I, people were calling me a grandma killer. I had to go in every single week and inconveniently take a vaccine test because I was unclean. Other people I knew were expelled. A friend of mine, she got vaccine injured. And this is verified by Pfizer. It's not a conspiracy. You can look her up. And she, her doctor said, do not take the booster. And the school had a booster mandate and they said, you have to take it. And she said, I won't. And they expelled her. And she was like, okay. And there are a lot of people who are brave like that. And if you're, if you aren't willing to stand up for that, like for, for what is right or what is true or what is good, then you know, there are a lot of other people that are gonna suffer too.


You know, it's, it's, it's, we are all kind of connected in that way, I think. Yeah. Well, and I, and I bring that up, you know, specifically because there's nothing, I, listen, you've been around this business a long time, you know, obviously your parents are involved in, what do we call it? The content creation business. The talking head, I don't care what you call it, but you've been around this business a long time and and I see it. There were so many really amazing people. Mark Levis, Hannity's always been there for me. Glenn Beck early in the days gave me my start. And these guys have just been incredible. But, you know, there are a lot of fakes and phonies out there, and they pretend like they're above it all and they make mistakes. And I bring that story up for a reason. I'm one, I'm one of these guys who highlights my mistakes all the time.


That was a decision I had to make at the time. It's one of my greatest regrets. I never felt the same after it, after I took it. But I had no, I could not get these cancer treatments Without, but you were, yeah. You were in a really special situation, I think. Yeah, I was. But you know, still to this day, like I see some of the, I, you know, I'm, I'm only human. I, I read criticism about me too. I see it, it's hard to avoid because, you know, we micro target on Twitter. So I see my name creep up, and I, when people say, well, that was dumb, and I'm like, you know what? I, you weren't in my situation, but I can't disagree with the decision. Like, maybe I should have. I had to get that treatment at that place and maybe I could have made that decision a little differently.


I mean, I try to rethink these things all the time. And, and I think, you know, one of the reasons you and Hailey, I mean, I I I, we picked you guys for a reason, have succeeded on this specific network is I know this audience watching right now, you guys Bonino Army, The Bonino army, I, they absolutely crave authenticity. And they, you know, they don't want fakes and phonies like, oh, you know what, I was, I had a, some special scientific read. No, I didn't. I just wanted to live like that. Was it? Yeah. Yeah. And maybe I could have ough it, but I'm authentic when I tell you that I make mistakes too. Man. Wrote a whole book about it. You wanna read all the things I screwed up because there are a lot of em.


I, I, I advertised it in a book just to let people know there's nothing special about, about me. I, my load star is this and I know where I'm going, but I fall off the path all the time. It happens all the time. Well, and, and on authenticity. I, I think I, it's relevant to the viewers to just know, like, you have never told me what I can and can't say on this podcast. Like, no. And this, for everybody listening, it's so unnatural. I mean, everywhere you go, if there's any kind of overhead, they are moderating content and you're, you're a mentor and you tell me, you know, hey, you know, I, I think here's a way to think about this. And it's, but it's very, it's very balanced and it's very respectful. And I never have felt like I am told what to say or what to think by you.


And I think the viewers can tell that. So I, I really appreciate that. And on being authentic and true, Dan, I had to tell you that when I cold plunge, ugh, it's 33 degrees. Oh man. And it's in the middle of the lake and I chop up the ice in, in Wisconsin. You win. I'm not, I'm I'm not doing no. 33. I keep it at, oh is it 46, 47? I keep it at 45, but it usually goes up to 47. 'cause I gotta cool it down. Have You tried to get it to 33? No, no. I 33. I'm suffering. I just told you something. I'm not suffering. Here. Let me show some authentic side. I ain't suffering that much. I forget what I said about suffering. I'm just kidding. I ain't going down to 30, 33. No, not a chance. Haes. Well, ill have to show the video of it at the, at the show next time you guys Oh, because I, I'm out there with Michael in the middle of the link.


Michael, in With you. Chop the ice. Jump in there. It's, and we have the thermometer. It's 33 degrees. Justin, get that video and stick it in their show and they don't know about it. That'd be fantastic. That show will go nuclear watching these two freeze their butts off it. 33 degrees. That's insane. No way. Zip on. But there, there's something so much better about jumping in a lake. Yeah, I agree. You gotta try it in a lake. I agree. It's different. It's cool in a lake and it, you, you like, you feel like you're in nature. Agree. There's something really amazing about that. I, I wish I, but you know, it's Florida and Michael knows. Yeah. There are not many lakes with 33 degree water. Not in Florida. Justin, Justin, have you ever seen a lake in Florida with dirty? No, never. Justin hasn't seen a lake in Florida, but less than 80 degree water at all. He's been down here with Justin as a Florida seniority over all of us.


So we're all kind of, I think I've been here 10 years. He's been here his whole life, so Gee, Gee, six. So yeah, he's got the Florida seniority. Dan, I wanna get to something that we were kind of talking about before this started. Yeah. That I think we, you know, I would love to take, get more of your, your opinion on, you got this kid, he's Mahmud Khalil. Yeah. He's a, a 30-year-old man. He was at the University of University of Columbia. He was a graduate student. He's now been detained by ice because he is a accused of being a Hamas Sym sympathizer. He's also accused of antisemitism, right. By the dhs. It's a little unclear exactly what they are going to charge him with on what grounds he's gonna be deported.


But to be clear, federal law does say that if you are a terrorist or a terrorist sympathizer, you don't have a right to be in this country. But I wanna get your take on this. 'cause you were telling me you were thinking about it really deeply. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I, I, listen, this is one of those topics on a political talk radio show that's, there's, there's something for everyone. I don't mean that in a qualitatively good way. I just mean that if you really wanna do a talk show, you don't avoid topics like this. If you wanna be one of these, you know, kind of w skies who doesn't wanna offend anyone, you avoid a topic. 'cause you're like, there's nothing I'm gonna say, it's gonna make everyone happy. Yeah. I, I don't care.


I'm, I'm, I'm honestly not here to make people happy. I'm here to make them interested and feel like, wow, you know, that this isn't as simple as I thought. So with the Khal case, you have this weird situation where he's not a US citizen, but is an LPR legal permanent resident via green card. He has a, a wife here and the wife happens to be eight months pregnant. I am obviously a, a a, an anti Hamas activist. We can call most anti Hamas man I've ever met. Yes, I am. I just, I he wouldn't be awarded. Thank you. If there's an anti Hamas, like I don't like terrorist award, then you know, I I would, I would, that would be an honor of a lifetime to accept it. And, but, but here's the thing.


Okay, so let's go with angle number one. Some people have said it's a free speech case. I, if anyone's gonna lecture me on free speech after what I've been through in my, I mean, I'm not even gonna bore you guys with the details. The the amount of suffering my wife and I have taken on defending people who say things I don't like. There are people on a platform I've invested in who go on the platform and insult me all the time. One guy threatened me on the platform. We have never, ever, ever, ever considered like, oh, well he needs to go. He is. It's not about me. It's about his ability to speak out even when it hurts actually. Or could I said leave it, leave it.


We're not touching anything and you know, we're not doing anything with it. So the free speech bonafides are there, but it's not a simple free speech question because it's not, it's not black or white. There's a lot of on the margin here. Does this involve conduct and actions as well? Because that's different. I can say all I want, I support. I don I don't like Israel. I don't like Benjamin. I'm not saying, that's obviously not my opinion, but I don't like it in Yahoo. I hate the Israeli government. Israel has no right to exist in that territory. They haven't been there. That's historical Palestine. You can have all the opinions you want right from the river to the sea, from the river to sea.


I mean, if you don't say the magic words and threaten someone's life, which would apply to a US citizen too, that is protected speech period. And it should be defended even if you don't agree with it. The question is the fact that it involves some degree of conduct on the university private property and elsewhere. And that some of the conduct may, there's not necessarily a direct link, but may involve the support of terrorism. Is it a conduct issue or a speech issue? This is one of those talk topics where Avita, I don't have an easy answer yet and I've applied, I hate to throw it out there, but the Bongino rule where I, I wanna see what comes out in this due process hearing.


But second, yeah, this is where it gets complicated. If this is a US citizen, it's a little bit more of a black and white case. It isn't, it is someone who is not a United States citizen. They have rights on US oil as a legal permanent resident. Okay. Here on a green card. There's no question. But then you say, well, okay, well, well he needs to go get him. Get him maybe, but maybe not. We haven't had the due process yet either. He's getting it, which is good. But this is one of those things I encourage everyone, regardless of where you stand in the Israel Palestine, Israel Arab world issue and the entire issue with the Middle East, I just encourage everyone to be deliberate.


Wait for the facts. Don't get emotional. I know it's hard 'cause this involves terrorism life or death. Believe me, there's no more serious topic. But I encourage everyone to just think like an investigator and a spreadsheet. Let the facts develop. And in this due process hearing, if the government can show that there was some material support for terrorism. I don't care if a US citizen or not, you've committed a crime. And I don't care if that's a white supremacist, a Nazi and an Islamic radical. It doesn't matter. You cannot financially or or physically support and take actions to support a group that commits to killing people in any military. You just can't Do it. It's a crime. Yeah. It doesn't matter who you are. And I'm, I'm a little even more radical than that Dan.


I'll say, even if it's not under federal law, I just think the government should be able to deport anyone on any, you know, on any grounds who's not a US citizen. You have the right not to get killed or raped in this country if you're not a US citizen or you have, you know, human rights, but the only people that have a right to be here are US citizens. Right. You don't have a right to be here if you're not a citizen. I don't know why people are, seem to be confused about that issue. The other thing that I'm gonna say though, Dan, is there have been some laws that have been introduced and in some cases even passed on the state and, and on the federal level introduced to criminalized antisemitism. And my fear with this issue is that there is perhaps a precedent being set that it's against the law to be an antisemite.


Because we have seen that actually proposed at the state and federal level. And I hate antisemites. I'm not an antisemite, but do I think that that is a very clear speech issue? I do. And that's where I'm kind of taking a pause and saying, are we sure we wanna take a step in that precedent, even if it's a non-citizen? Well, that's a, that's a very fair and adult question that, you know, I, I, again, it's one of these things I think people always reflexively jump to an answer because that behavior is so repulsive that the, the reflexive answer is, well, we need to ban it. And the question then becomes, well, who gets to say what that is?


Okay. Yeah. Take the antisemitism component out it 'cause it elicits so many emotional responses. You can't ever get to the spreadsheet. Yeah. Say something to somebody who says, you know, Homophobia even. Yeah, I, I say someone who comes out and says, I don't like people who are X some, you know, group, whatever it may be L-G-B-T-Q-I-A, I don't, you know, I I I don't Who gets to say, In other words, what's considered say, anti-Semitic or anti anti-gay or anti, once you start opening up this gray area, then you get to the disinformation paradox where two different people see two different things.


Yeah. And both of them can't be. Right. In other words, you get to like the, say the, the covid issue where they're going back to the, the vaccine where, you know, someone says, well, the vaccine's ineffective, and the government says, well that's disinformation. And then, well, what's ineffective mean? Someone may say ineffective. How? Show me a study. Well, I'm gonna show you a study that says it doesn't prevent people from contracting covid from someone else. Well, that person's probably correct if you look at the science. So, or masks like, you know, who gets to say what disinformation is? And this is why I'm such a free speech absolutist and why I don't reflexively answer these questions about people without getting the data in. If it's conduct, if it's in violation of the law or a threat.


I mean, yeah, it Was Security threat. Get, get rid Of it. Yeah. Or anyone else. I don't care who it is. I'm not suggesting he said this, but it, it could be Paula, if someone comes out tomorrow and says, I want to kill this per that's a crime. You're, you're, you're directly immediately inciting violence. And there, if there's an immediacy component to it that's different. But the gray area of disinformation bothers me because you're always gonna get politicians who weaponize the term. Yeah. And disinformation becomes any information you don't like. I got, I got one more point to bring up to you on this one, Dan. And I'm just gonna say about those kids that were protesting at Columbia, at my school, at the University of Chicago. I had, I didn't even think I would, I I was shocked by myself when I reacted to this because I had such a negative, visceral reaction.


It brought back all these memories to me of students who treated me horribly like friends who were liberal, who then were sending me death threats online. And they were, you know, just, are You talking about the anti-Israel or Pro house thing? So when I was at UChicago, I had made an a, a anti socialism statement and I got just slammed with hate from my peers to the point where like, law enforcement had to get involved, the university had to get involved. David Rove had to come out with a statement. Like it was a, it was a big deal. Yeah. And so what I'm saying is that I saw those Pro Palestine kids on campus and it brought back these memories. 'cause I know they're not motivated by many of them. A love for Palestinians. They're motivated by Marxism.


It's, it's the haves and the haves not, and then I, and I know where it's coming from. At the same time, Dan, I remember during that time when I was canceled in 2020, that there were university students who attacked this country America, they were looting and they were burning our cities and they were toppling down monuments. And I know that that ideology was coming from the university system and there weren't any calls to get rid of foreign-born students who were involved in the BLM riot. And to me, I thought, I think, you know, I I, we can have a conversation about antisemitism and anti-Israel sentiment and pro Hamas. I mean, serious questions. And at the same time I go, where was this outrage?


We were talking about America. Yeah. I I want that too. You know, that, that was my reaction to this as well. There's a great op-ed in the Wall Street Journal came out two days ago. And the gist of the piece is, you know, because America is an open society, and we have been, we've been very open to people. Whether you like that approach or not, it's a fact. I mean, we, the the country was built by early Americans. There's, there's no doubt about that. But my grandparent, you know, Paula was an immigrant to the country, a first generation immigrant, you know, my, my grandparents came here from Palermo, Sicily. The, you know, immigrants had played, you know, vital role. Anyone from the, from the Iris to the Italians, to people who've come here from Spanish speaking countries and other places around the world as well.


But because we're an open country, it, you know, it's been said, who is it? Was it Scalia who said it? Like, none of this stuff is like a suicide pact either. Like, we don't have to allow people into our tree house who hate the place. Totally. And there's a stop in the Wall Street Journal, the guy's like, isn't this common sense? I, I mean, yes, once you're here, you have rights. That's it. Like we have a constitution and there are four corners of it. Respect it. No matter what. Like, As much as I wanna get rid of Ilhan Omar, she's a citizen. She has to say she has Rights. And and you can't just say like, no, she doesn't because we don't like what she's saying. It's not the way the Constitution's not a suggestion is what I'm getting at. Yeah. It's a hard stop sign. Not a four way stop sign. No one pays attention to you have got to follow the rules or else you have nothing. You have chaos and anarchy.


However, the rules also say you don't have those rights. If you are not an American citizen. American citizen in Paris still has rights of an American citizen, a a resident of, you know, ARA who comes over here. That until they land on us, soil has no such rights. Matter of fact, even one of the exceptions to the search exception in the Constitution is at the border, you do not have those rights at the border. Even you, when you come into the border, it is, we can search your vehicle. Wait, fourth Amendment, not at the border. You, you don't even have American citizen rights. And we're letting people in, not obviously not anywhere close to all, but a subset of people coming into the country who just hate the place.


They hate everything about us. They love the first World living standards, but they hate the place. And that, that's the suicide pact that that's that we've been mourned against. Like the Constitution is not, was never meant to be a suicide pact. Everything has four corners around it. Even our, our wonderful amazing first amendment. You can't threaten people's lives. You can't libel people. Yeah. I can't come out tomorrow and say, I have evidence Avita was born on Saturn. Like, it it, I can't do that. It's not true. I made it up. But I have the first Amendment that's, you know, everything has restrictions on it because the Constitution was not meant to be a suicide pac. And this is what bothers me. And like with the, the, the protesters on campus, Hey, listen, your viewpoint is protected.


You hate Israel, you hate Netanyahu, you hate the IDF, the shin bet, the Mossad, you hate 'em, you are allowed to do that. But the question is, are you allowed to Do it on a private college campus? If they say you are, it's their property, it's not mine. That's fine. But then there's other questions. I said, everything's nuanced. Are you allowed to stop Avita Duffy from walking in a classroom? 'cause Avita has rights too. Yeah. And the answer is no, you're not, you are not allowed to physically contact Avita Duffy and say you can't go in the classroom. You can't. So, you know, these are really nuanced questions that I think our audience, which you've seen who's very deep, the Bongino army are super smart.


Just read the chat. They understand that none of this stuff lends to easy answers. But when you talk it through like me and you were doing now, you're like, you know what? I think they're right. I do love the First Amendment, but the First Amendment like any other Right. Doesn't allow you to impact on the civil Big r rights of others either, you Know? Yeah. Well, and there, there's an interesting conversation to be had about the Catholic church, Dan, because you were just talking about identity and who has a do, do you just have a right to come in here and is that the Christian answer? Right? Because you'll see the Catholic Bishops will slam, JD Vance will say, we have to just let all these people in and have Catholic charities be a, a government contractor and facilitate all this and get billions of dollars from the taxpayers.


That's the right Christian moral thing to do. And we have to have conversations about what is the moral thing to do in the past, you know, church fathers have said that it's actually the duty of the leaders of said countries right? To protect the people. Like that's a moral duty. And protecting the people includes protecting them from threats like terrorists crossing the border, but also protecting the unique American identity that we have. And there's this, there's this narrative right now, and I'm seeing it on these viral Jubilee videos that are going viral, you know, going around the internet that we don't have an identity that everybody is, it's meritocracy and everybody can believe what we believe. And it's, it's kind of a salad bowl, not a melting pot. And to me, Dan, that is so backward.


We are a people. Yeah. We're not a salad bowl. No. A salad. Why does our military work so well? And the answer is because when you go to bootcamp, we, we specifically are absolutely not a salad bowl. You've got say a a an immigrant from India who maybe grew up speaking Hindi or something, but now has learned English and is a US citizen who says, I'm gonna serve in the United States Marine Corps next to a guy who may be white, whose parents are, you know, immigrated from Ireland, say a hundred years ago, or grandparents, whatever it may be. A great grandparents came over. Right? And the whole idea is we are not gonna recognize superficial differences that mean nothing.


You are part of one cohesive team. That's why the military is so damn effective before we started to break it up with this DEI stuff. So I, I find that, you know, ridiculously patently offensive, and I think that's why the woke left. And the DEI people want you to focus relentlessly on all of our differences. But just to get to your question about the Catholic church, because I'm part of it, I love it. I worship there. You know, you and I feel the same way about Jesus and faith. You don't have Jesus and faith, you, you know, you're just in a dark forest. I mean, or you just are. I mean, there's, you're, you're, you're sitting around looking for answers to a, you know, the answer's right in front of you.


You know, it's right there. But God gave us a world of scarce resources. There is a world without scarce resources. It's the second creation, which we call heaven in the Catholic faith. There's no scarce resources there. This is the test, okay? You're buying your movie ticket into the second creation. And through that God gave you a complex problem to solve. The first problem we already discussed. So this was kind of an unintentional segue, but his suffering, how do you navigate the balance? God doesn't want you to suffer all the time. He wants you to enjoy happiness, but he doesn't want you to live your life in the pure pursuit of happiness. I don't care what anyone tells you. Yeah. There's gonna be suffering. But secondly, he gave you a world of scarce resources where there are no easy answers.


So anyone telling you, well, that Catholic faith we have to take care of everyone all the time. Really, resources are scarce the expense of my own kids. So just to be clear, you are telling me, yeah. That those closest to me with my DNA, who I would do anything for, I would kill for in a second if I had to, I would. You're telling me right, that I should, he would, right, right in a second that I should forfeit the resources I've accumulated. I'm not talking about charity. I mean, I, we give and do, I'm not talking about that. I mean, you're saying that as a country, because not everybody's been blessed as much as they have. But people, some people are really struggling. You should forfeit those resources away for your nuclear family to take care of someone.


You have no idea. And you're saying God said to do that. God said, be charitable. Absolutely. Be kind, be nice to everyone. If you have extra resources, you know, donate them, give them away, make you know, give them away in responsible way. But we should just endlessly take in groups of people at the expense of our own citizens and our own laws. That that's, that's so incredibly naive. I I'm really convinced you never actually read the Bible. Like you think you read the Bible, but you didn't read the Bible. You completely missed the context of it. How backward is it that you, there are people in this, this country who their priorities are things that are on the other side of the world. I mean, that's what I think about when I see these, these pro-Palestine kids.


I'm like, there are people dying of fentanyl in this country, right? There, there are people, You know, not just a few either Veterans who are homeless in this country and, and your priority is apparently Palestinians. It doesn't mean that you can't genuinely be concerned about the Palestinian lives on the other side of the world or any life on the other side of the world. Right. But it's just natural that your priority be your family, your community, your country. And for so many people, that doesn't seem to be the case. And they slammed JD Vance for this, the Pope Francis did, because he articulated this really eloquently better than I'm doing now. And Pope Francis said, that's not, that's not Christian. Actually, that's, that's, you know, it's, it's contrary to the Catholic doctrine. And this is not correct. Pope Francis was, was patently incorrect about this issue.


He, He is. And I think the infallibility of the pope argument is frequently misinterpreted by people I haven't really read, but yeah, I mean, he's just wrong On faith and faith and morals. Yeah. He's just, he's just, he's just incorrect on this. The irony of what you just said and where, where Vice President Vance is totally on it, is the point JD is trying to make is when we build a solid core of nuclear family home units, it's almost like there's a, the, the positive externality that comes from that is the, I don't want to talk in lofty terms, but the energy is infectious when you have a, it's, it's simple. Let's do the inverse.


It's easier to understand. I wish it weren't, but it is. You get a family full of fatherless homes in a broken neighborhood, what do you have? Every single time? Every time. Crime destruction, property damage, economic loss, no tax base, low property values. Correlation is one Hundred percent. Yeah. Then you see other neighborhoods, middle class, upper middle class neighborhoods, two parents, good job, maybe one stay at home, parent around the children, good decent schools. It, the correlation is almost perfect. So the irony is when you take care of what's closest to you, like 'em or not, I, I, you know, Jordan Peterson says all the time, just make your own bed. Yeah. Make your own bed first.


When you make your own bed, the whole house looks better. But when everybody's focused on everyone else's room and you know, no one's focused on their own and the whole house is, is a whole, it's a, so that's, that's just a completely ridiculous approach. I could not disagree with Pope Francis more on that. Take care of family first. Make your bed. Then you know what, when everything's good at home, you have extra resources, community, local. Then when you have some extra resources, maybe find a group, I don't know, like a folds of honor. I like, they, they take care of our military, you know, people who lost their, their parents and, and take care of scholarships. But, but then you branch out. It's the principle of subsidiarity, which is a religious faith-based principle, but applies to economics and government too.


The closest impact you can ever make are the people closest to you. As you start to think about other things and get away from local, the irony is you destroy the other things and the local. It's so true, Dan. And we, I'm getting the producers behind the scenes telling me to wrap it up, but I gotta really Look at this guy. They are. It's cut. He's like, get outta there. They're, we're done. Yeah. But, but Dan, Jim's like, we got producer Jim here too at, he's kind of laughing in the background Producer. Jim would never cut us off. No. He go, that's Gee and Michael thing. Yeah. I didn't, but, but Dan, I gotta ask you just really quickly, fast pitch. Yeah. Tell everybody what Silver Lock is all About Silver Lock. So that is the new media company going forward. And luckily Paula has been so deeply involved in the business for years that it's kind of a natural segue, but the idea of Silver Lock is to build a, a credible long-term alternative to pay models.


I want a free service available on Rumble, which is free. I mean, premium is an option of course, but you don't have to. And I want people to be able to have programming all day. You were the first. Yeah. This was an experiment that could have gone awry. I knew it wouldn't. I had, I I knew it. I just, I saw you and I was like that. We need to grab her. She's fantastic. Thank you. But you've been a huge success, a major launch. We just brought in Haley, Vince, and eventually by the time Silver Lock is done, Paula has this vision now of building out more talent and giving them an, giving people just an all day alternative so that you don't have to pay. You know, it's a, it's a tough, it's a tough place. You can pay for the convenience of not getting all those ads and, and stuff on premium.


But that's kind of the vision of Silver Lock. Well, and what's gonna be so amazing about it is, 'cause I just told, I told you guys, I have no, I have nobody telling me what, what I can and can't say. We never will. This is, this is gonna be something where it is authentic voices. You are gonna hear the truth from that person without oversight from some corporate, somebody saying, this is what you gotta say and this is what you gotta do. And that's what makes it so unique from the corporate media for sure. Oh, well, yeah. And I mean, we'll, we'll, never, and you and I have chatted frequently about Yeah, because I, I just haven't done this for a long time. I feel like sometimes there's a better way to make an argument. And the only reason I say that is 'cause I've screwed it up. I mean, after 10 years, I, I, I, there's not a single topic out there I think I haven't discussed.


Yeah. And there is, sometimes I say to myself, I wish I would've said that differently. You know, not because I believe differently, I just think I could have been more persuasive in the argument. But whatever your arguments are, I mean, you know, you and I don't, don't agree on everything. I'm like, you knock 'em dead. And, and I've got, I, you know, just like people complain about, you know, my show sometimes I don't like what you said about that. I get people go, Dan, you and Avita don't think the same way about X issue. And well, that's the point. That's okay. What do you think I want, I I I don't want, you know, a, a clone. I wasn't looking for Dolly the sheep. I was looking for someone who's a powerful, and I wanted a, a younger voice. I mean, I'm, I'm 50. You know, it's important that it's taught a logical to say the young people of the next generation.


Yeah. They just are. It's a math problem. I don't know what it's like to be 20. I'm 50. I knew what it was like to be 20, you know, 30 years ago. I don't like, I, so that's why we brought you and Hailey on. And some of the other talent will be, you know, have different perspectives as well. But that's the long-term vision. Well, I am so unbelievably grateful for the confidence that you've had in me, the, the opportunity that you've given me. Here I am. I'm so happy where I'm at. So I just want you to know that, appreciate it. And, and for all of you guys listening, I hope you enjoyed this episode. Again, I producers are back there. They're like, you have to, you have to wrap it up. All right. So we're gonna wrap it up, up. But, but you guys, this was a, an amazing episode. I'm so glad that for all of you tuning in, you're the best. And we're gonna have Hailey, of course, 6:00 PM We're gonna have Vince Col filling in for Dan Bonino while he's, while he is, you know, serving his country.


So I really appreciate everyone listening in listening Early Edition 9:00 AM Eastern Time, five days a week. rumble.com/avita. You guys know where it's at? Thank you so much for tuning in. Thanks guys.