
Who's funding the terror attacks on Elon Musk and Tesla? What are the secrets inside of those JFK files? And is QC time over at the FBI? Oh, yes it is. I've got all the details ahead on VINCE.


But first, you know, we are in a turbulent time right now. You're seeing daily policy changes having a massive impact on the global and national economy, and that can be really scary. But you can do something to protect your savings right now. Diversify. Diversify a portion of your savings right into gold with the help of the Birch Gold Group. I just had a call with them the other day. And Birch Gold absolutely specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA or a 401k into attack sheltered IRA in physical gold or silver for no money out of pocket. Just listen to this five star review. Knowledgeable, helpful, non-pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold, and this is why I'm proud to endorse them. Start by getting your free info kit on gold. Just text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you your free info kit. So easy. There's no obligation, it's just useful information. And with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star reviews, just text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and let the experts at Birch Gold help you protect your future today with gold message and data right supply.


Oh man, we're off to a great start this week. I wanna say, first and foremost, Thank you to the Bongino Army for being the most welcoming and awesome army that has ever existed. I have just been absolutely thrilled with all of your great support. Obviously we started the week with Tucker Carlson. I've got some great interviews coming up for you, maybe perhaps you've seen by now tomorrow on the program. We are going to have the Vice President of the United States joining us for launch week. JD Vance is here. Yes, that's right. VINCE and Vance are getting together tomorrow. That'll be at 10 o'clock. Don't miss that. A lot of big questions for the vice president coming up. And fellas, I'm gonna wear a jacket and tie. I just want everybody to know it's the Vice President.


After all, you're supposed to wear a jacket and tie for an interview like that. Also coming up on Friday, Donald Trump Jr. Is on the show, and you'll be able to hear it live on Rumble at 10 o'clock. And Thank you to again, everybody who's joining me now, I'm gonna keep the chat up so I can take a look at what everybody's saying here and, and join you on this journey. Okay, let me start with some of the big news items. And yes, we do have some news about Dan Bonino, the role that he's playing as deputy director of the FBI. We are going to get to that. You've gotta hear this. But first, lemme just start with the, the cosmos, the big space story in the last 24 hours. And that's that. We finally got our astronauts back.


We finally got them back. This is after the Biden administration stranded these poor souls in space on what was supposed to be an eight day trip to the International Space Station. It turned into a nine month nightmare as these guys were wasting away in space waiting for a rescue operation to finally get to them. Let me, let me start first and foremost with what President Trump said about these guys. Just a, just a short while ago. Here's President Trump talking about the astronauts, including the one with the wild hair. But this president won't let it happen. We're gonna get them out. We're coming up to get you. I've authorized Elon.


I said, can you get 'em out? 'cause you know they've been left up. Yeah, he authorized Elon. Can you get them out? They've been left up there and he loves the, he loves the girl with the wild hair. And he says, when he says they've been left up there, of course he's referring to his predecessor, Joe Flip and Biden and the Biden administration who stranded these guys up there. This is after there was a, a Boeing Starliner spacecraft that originally brought these two astronauts up to the Space Station during, during that June trip last year. And again, they were supposed to be for eight days. The Boeing Starliner apparently started malfunctioning and they weren't able to put the astronauts back on the ship and they had to send the ship home without a crew because that's how things were.


And eventually SpaceX was able to get a ship up there in September to help get these guys back. But they weren't allowed to bring them back. They weren't given the all clear to bring them back. Now you'll remember, of course, September was right in the middle of the presidential election. And the last thing Joe Biden wanted to do was give a Trump supporter like Elon Musk, a victory in the middle of the election. So far better to let these guys rot away in space. In fact, here are the astronauts confirming on the Space Station a short while ago, this is, or the beginning of this month, they did some interviews from the Space Station, a Washington Post reporter asking them about their status and whether or not they were stranded in space.


Here's what one of them said. My question relates to Elon Musk has said that he made the offer to bring you guys back earlier and that it was denied. My first question is, is that true? And if so, what would that have looked like? Was he offering to make another flight, push seats on another flight? Could you give us some background there? I can only say that Mr. Musk, what he says is absolutely factual. Yeah, what he says is absolutely factual. In other words, we were stranded up here, says the astronaut. That was Butch Wilmore, who thankfully was able to get back yesterday.


And President Trump announced recently that these astronauts are indeed coming back. Thank God. Meanwhile, it's because of Elon Musk, everything he did with SpaceX, that those astronauts stranded for nine months, they're finally coming home. Mr. President, your reaction to what's unfolding. So when I came in office, I said, Elon, we gotta get them out. You have a rocket ship handy. How many people have a rocket? And Biden left them up, he abandoned them. You know, we could have done this sooner, but Biden didn't want to 'cause he was embarrassed by what happened. Yeah. So they were up there, they were supposed to be there for a few days. They were there for many months, and now they're coming back. And now they're coming back.


Thank God, thank God they're coming back. It took President Trump getting into office to bring astronauts back from space. Here's Elon talking about how SpaceX, you know, we did make this offer. He just told, he was telling Fox News last night, but it was stopped for political reasons. But I just want to clarify on the issue of, of whether or not you had offered to send this, this rocket to space to rescue these astronauts sooner, to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. I heard somebody earlier today say, in fact, that didn't happen when I believe it did. No, it, we, we definitely offered to return the astronauts earlier. That's, there's no question about that.


SpaceX could have brought the astronauts back after a few months at most, and we made that offer to the Biden administration. It was rejected for for political reasons, and that's just a fact. It was rejected for political reasons, and that's just a fact. Who better to answer that question than Elon Musk? You know, the SpaceX guy, the guy who can fire the rockets off to save these guys. So what is the takeaway from that? Well, the takeaway is crystal clear, Joe Biden, and more importantly, the people who controlled Joe Biden would rather let astronauts waste away in space. And there are dire physical effects from staying in space that long.


They would rather subject those astronauts to that than give President Trump and one of his key supporters a victory, right? Because what was the Biden presidency, if not a cascading series of failures? And the last thing that they wanted would be somebody from the outside to demonstrate what a failure they were. And that's what Elon Musk would've done. That's what President Trump would've done. And it was in the campaign season. They didn't need to give Republicans any more assists at all. So leave them stranded in space, don't rescue them. It's horrifying. But thankfully they're back.


Thankfully yesterday we finally got these guys back and I don't know if I could, I I, who's scripting all of this? God himself. How could you have this sequence of events? Elon Musk sends the rockets up, they send a replacement crew up on Friday. We could see it down here in Florida. You could see the rocket taking off on Friday to send that rescue crew up, that replacement crew up to the Space station. And then yesterday, this, and we're going down. These guys finally make a splash down. Look at this located, look at this amazing moment. America Off the coast of Tallahassee, Florida In the Gulf of America.


Watch this. Splash down baby and Splash down Crew nine back on earth. And, and they're, they, so they splash in the water. Everyone's excited. I love these SpaceX videos. They do a good job with all this. And when they get back, did you see who the welcoming party was? SpaceX Freedom Splash Down. The welcoming party was a pot of dolphins. Splash down, we see main shoots cut A pot of dolphins. Alex Butch, sunny on behalf of SpaceX Welcome home, Right, right there in the Gulf of America, right there. So lemme get this straight. Trump comes into office. Elon Musk helps him rescue astronauts. They bring them back.


They land them in the Gulf of America and a pod of good old fashioned American bottle noses. Dolphins are there to welcome them home. Like Flipper was there, flipper showed up to welcome back the astronauts. And if you see that series of events, how in the world can you be grumpy about that? How in the world can you be angry that that took place? How in the world can you side with the opposition to to that it's amazing to be, I I can't even believe it. The only thing we were missing was like a rainbow or something like, like spanning the entire scene. It was actually remarkable. And the astronauts themselves pumped to be back. They're, you know, they're acclimating to gravity again.


I saw they had some trouble literally standing up to get into the wheelchairs that they put them in as they, they wheeled them off to, to get all the necessary attention that they need being back on earth. But it's, it really is amazing. I'm seeing some great reaction on, on Chat right now. Free Willie is greater than Flipper, obviously. I don't know. I think that's, that's up for debate. Wow, that's solid. Is three 16 says, wow, that's like fiction, but it's real. Hubba 66 says, I watched it live. It was awesome. Tricia Graft was excited that Flipper was there. She said, that's wonderful. So this is so funny. I mean, honestly, it's wonderful. I was listening, there were people yesterday who said that they had tears in their eyes watching these guys finally get back.


And one of my reactions to all this is, you know, fellas, can you find me that video? Can you find me the video of the, of the gangsters we just sent to El Salvador that we played earlier this week? I've got here. So here's, here's one of the big takeaways for me. What have you done that, here's one of the big takeaways for me. We just brought home astronauts that were stranded in space. So the Trump administration is defined by bringing home people in distress who are supposed to be here and then getting rid of these guys. Look at this, look at this.


These are the, the illegal alien gangsters who are being taken out in the most awesome possible way from the United States of America. You understand what this video is? This was released by the president of El Salvador Bokay. The point of this video is to tell every other illegal alien gangster on the planet, this is the fate that awaits you. If you try and do this in the United States, again, you'll be put in a maximum security prism. So getting our astronauts back and kicking out illegal alien gangsters. This is what I voted for. This is what you voted for. It's being delivered. It's being delivered. And thank God, I I like the, the flow of traffic is going the right direction, right?


The bad guys going out, the good guy's coming in. That's what we want. And that's what we're getting. Let's see, Wendy, Wendy two A, which I presume is Second Amendment says don't f with America. Don't f with America. And you know, oh, pot liquor. I love that. That's a good name. Pot Liquor Homan is coming for you. Yes, he is. The guy's a bulldog. That's guy. That guy's the best. Tom Holman. I love Tom Holman. We're gonna get Tom Holman on the show. I've been talking, by the way, I have been talking to the White House about this. We're getting Holman. Holman will beer. Don't you worry, Holman will beer. I got a lot to talk to him about. All right, so what we have right now is a series, another series of victories in a very short window of time.


And that includes, again, saving these astronauts and kicking out these illegals. I know President Trump is still battling it out in the courts. And the update on that court process is a couple of basic things. Judge Boberg is that us District judge, it's creating a lot of headaches for the Trump administration as they try and boot these illegals. He say, you can't do that. Keep them here. Keep the murderers here. And Trump's saying, no, we're not keeping the murderers here. But President Trump as always, and the left won't tell you this is respectful of the court process. So they are going through the appeals, they are doing what they need to within the court process, but it is to Trump's great frustration that he has to deal with these guys, that they're abusing their power in this way. And I know he was telling, he had did an interview with Fox's, Laura Ingram last night, and he goes, look, yeah, I, I respect the courts in so far as like, I'm not gonna defy orders.


But these judges are out of control. They're being complete tyrants, and he's right to say that. So once again, president Trump being sober and disciplined in how he handles all of this, but he's moving with all of the ruthless aggression and efficiency that you can possibly summon. And this is precisely what I voted for. This is precisely what I voted for. And the American people are giving him very high marks on how you handle the border right now. And this is what they wanted, right? What was number one, issue number one, or number two, typically on all the available polling going into the election. It was the border and the economy and the President. Making sure to go after both of those things really aggressively right out the gate with each incredible passing day of what has already been a very short presidency.


And I like that. And then of course, we get the extra stuff like President Trump hanging the Declaration of Independence in the Oval Office. Isn't that fun? Where he hangs a copy of the Literally hung a copy. We have that right? Hung a copy of the Declaration of Independence in the Oval Office. There's a curtain that they've affixed over it because obviously as a founding document, it might be a little susceptible to light damage. We'd like to prevent that. So my guess is, yeah, you see President Trump kind of drawing the curtain there, there, my guess is that that's a fun party trick, isn't it? You go and you visit the Oval Office, and the only time anybody gets to see the declaration is when the president himself draws the curtain back.


He goes, you wanna see the declaration? I got the declaration. And boom, the Declaration of Independence right in front of you, inside of the Oval Office. How come nobody else ever thought of that? It's like, kinda like the Gulf of America. Trump's like the first guy and he says it, and then everyone's like, well, duh, that should have been that way the whole time. I love that. I love that. So President Trump has the Declaration of Independence up. He's, he's the best. He's, I I got, I have to say the, I visited the Oval Office a couple of times. I've had the privilege of interviewing him there, and he loves the theater of the Oval Office. He loves everything about it, you know, loves the Resolute Desk. He keeps a bunch of those, those markers. Does we have one?


Yeah, it's back here. I can't reach it. I'm tethered to the, I I heck with it. I'll untether Hold up a second. Let's see this. There we go. This marker, this marker. The presidential signature marker. Boys, can we zoom in? Can we get that? Look at that. Look at that. Do you see that bad boy? So do you know that these are actually made by the Sharpie company? I found out, I think President Trump actually told me this, and one of the, somebody at the White House did. And you can see Trump's signatures on the side of this bad boy. And they, they Do it in gold. And on the back of it, it says the White House.


This is, this is one, this, this one, I probably, I'm handling it too much, putting too many fingerprints on it. This one belongs to Dan Bonino. He, he prizes, he, he treasures this and rightfully so. And the, these markers, Trump keeps as traditionally kept a bunch of them right inside the Resolute desk and a huge drawer in the resolute desk. And sometimes he hands them out to people, not even signing documents. He's just like winging 'em out. But it's a sharpie. And you know, I see somebody here say, Zeta Re ridiculous says $20 Sharpie. I don't think it's that much at all. I think that these are, I think these were dirt cheap to make, but they're very cool. And do you know why? This is one of the cool things that Trump did in addition to just being an awesome marker.


Because traditionally presidents will pay, the White House, will pay obscene amounts of money for overly fancy pens for signing documents. Trump doesn't do that. Trump Trump signs like he, he whatever these costs to make just a couple of cents a marker. I don't know. I don't know what, what the, what the economics of Sharpies are. The guy just ordered hundreds of 'em and then he uses them. So he is like saving you money. And he's got a way cooler implement to sign documents and of course, and then you get to hear the, the scratching of the, of the Sharpie felt against the paper with every document that he signs. So that's cool. What's, what are some of the other fun Oval Office things? Oh, he is got the button on the desk.


He's got the Diet Coke button. You guys are familiar with that? Yeah, there's, is that the marker? You're showing a marker on screen That is the marker. Yes. Oh. So when President Trump signed the Dan Bonino show American flag sign, he gave this marker to Dan. So that's what this is. That's really cool. And I'm going to wipe that marker clean and put it back on the shelf. I promise, Dan, if you're watching this, Thank you for letting me use that as an important prop for this conversation. Death Looms around that pen. What's that? Death looms. There are death threats because of that Pen. So yeah. So Justin tells me that death looms around that pen, by the way, I believe you because ahead of our Big Friday show with Dan last week, I remember him saying he told everybody, didn't he?


He probably told you directly. Justin, keep an eye on that. Keep an eye on that. I don't think he thought anybody was gonna like, take it or anything. He just was very concerned. He's concerned about, so I'm, I, trust me, Dan, I'm protecting it, brother. I'm protecting it for you. Like a Secret Service agent dedicated with my life to protect something. I'm protecting that so that that marker is protected. That's cool. So yeah, so Trump has the Die Coke button on the desk. He put that back. He pretends it's a nuclear missile launch every time he does it. So this is, this is the sh it's like you come in, he goes, you wanna see what happens when I press the button? And everyone's like, yes, I wanna see what happens when you press the button, what happens? And you get a little nervous. You're like, you know, you think a war's about to start presses the button.


And not 30 seconds later, someone pops up with a silver presidential tray with a glass with the presidential seal on it and filled with ice and diet Coke. And there's a Yeah, it's a Diet Coke button. It is the Diet Coke button. And one of the, one of the, you know, I know a lot has changed between 45 and 47, the ruthless efficiency is amped up a lot. But for 47 it's the same Diet Coke button. It's back. What was it for Biden, by the way? Did Biden have a a button on the desk? Was that It was an auto Pen. Was that for Jello? What was it for ice cream? For for glasses of Ensure. What, what was the button for? For Biden? It was the auto Autopen.


Yeah, but that would suggest that Biden was involved in any way with the Autopen. Yeah, Biden had to press it. So anyway, that's, that's what's going on. Oh, diaper change. It rolled, it Rolled the slots. Like those old people at the casino Who said diaper change. I'm sorry, the chat's moving so quickly, but diaper change seems right. Brain cells since says Vincent LaGuardia Gambini. Thank you. Great Name. Oh, and, and so, oh, so apparently we've done a forensic analysis. There was no button on the desk. Oh good. All right, fellas, you're good at this. You're really good at this.


Hey, you know, while we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation is really only just beginning Now is the time to take a stand. And Patriot Mobile is totally leading the charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But you see, the difference is every dollar you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and Second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and our first responders. Switching is totally easy. You can keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're one Hundred percent US-based customer support team will help you find that perfect plan. And right now, it's so easy. Just go to patriot mobile.com/ VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you can get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/ VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot Love Patriot Mobile. Love them.


Alright, so what's one other thing that I can share about the Oval Office trip? Oh, here's one. Have you heard this one before? That Trump will occasionally ask people if they wanna see the Monica Room. Have you heard this? I had this experience. I was with the president, I was with a group of people, and he straight up said, do you wanna see the Monica Room at the end of our meeting? And the answer to that question, obviously is, hell yes, I'd like to see the Monica Room. Can you please show me this Famous, I i if you read like the Star report, if you go back to read the Star report from the Clinton era, you can get a better picture of like, what unfortunate is it really?


It's actually kind of an R-rated report. I think the Washington Post still has it on their website, but like, I guess you kind of assume that like all the, the bad activity was happening in the Oval Office and it turns out it wasn't Clinton, that skeezy dude, all the bad activity was happening in a little side room next to the Oval Office. They have a, I don I think it's like the study, it's like the White House study. It's just basically just off the Oval Office. There's another small office and, and apparently that's where everything happened. And it, it has a window, but they can draw the curtains. Yeah, right. It's a, it's not a bathroom.


This is business insider's incorrect. That headline's wrong. Trump called the Secret Oval Office bathroom, the Monica Room. It's not a bathroom. There's just a, it's a, it's just a little tiny room with a window. So Trump says, do you wanna see the Monica room? And everyone's like, hell yeah, let's go see the Monica Room. And we walk in there and you will not be surprised to find out that he turned it into a gift shop. It's that actually a gift shop. It was just like tons of MAGA swag. It was, there was hats. It was like red Maga hats Keep America great MAGA hats. Remember those, those are vintage, those are from the, the first Trump administration. There were camo maga hats and then, you know, all sorts of maga tchotchke.


It was really awesome. And Trump goes, take a hat. Take a hat. Go ahead, take whatever you want. So it was like, it was like Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. And so everyone's grabbing swag, you're grabbing hats and we pop back out. Trump signs everybody's hat. I have a hat. I have, I gave, I I gave a hat to my dad, which, which he really liked. I got a, I got a little glass case for it and everything and presented it to him. It's got a, i I wrote the date that it was signed by the president of the United States at the Resolute Desk. Have this little plaque, honestly, one of the, like, one of the highlights of my life. Such a cool experience. So anyway, that's a, that's a, a detour into sort of the, the behind the scenes world of the, of the President and the Oval Office.


But really just amazing. Look, president Trump is doing a lot of good stuff for our country right now, and he's got the support of Elon Musk. Thank the good lord. Elon's a really talented guy. Elon Musk is the Thomas Edison of our time. Super innovative. And all of the things that he is doing now will change the course of human history going forward, which is pretty amazing. Catching rockets as they come down with chopsticks. A OC can't even eat a noodle with a chopstick. And Elon Musk is catching rockets with them. So that's pretty cool. But the left hates him. They hate, they hate innovation. They hate success.


They resent it. They see their own inadequacies in Elon Musk's success additionally, and perhaps most importantly for their motivations, they hate you for electing Trump. And because Elon is on your side on this question, they now despise him. He was once considered one of their guys, especially 'cause he was all in on the EV stuff. But nowadays they loathe them and they wanna destroy him. I don't you to take a look here. These are, these are a series of Teslas on fire. I believe this, this footage comes to us from Las Vegas. The left is launching these attacks. Cut six. Yeah, you look here. Yeah, this, the Tesla vehicles are burning up like crazy.


Just look at the explosions from what's going on inside of the vehicle. Obviously the left is full of garbage. When they say they care about the environment, they're literally burning cars. There's, there's no question what this is. These are, this is entirely motivated by Democrat political activists who are leading terror attacks on people who own Teslas on Tesla dealerships. Here's a video. This is cut seven of a white cyber truck just being absolutely vandalized. This is what happened to my car. Look At this guy. Look at this, look at this.


Y'all see this clown American, I don't know what this is, is this paint? This poor guy, his vehicle's destroyed War. Somebody destroyed my car. Yeah, somebody destroyed his car because they hate, you see the messages on the side attacking Elon and Trump. It's all because Democrats are emotionally incontinent psychopaths. They can't help themselves. They have the emotional discipline of Joe Biden's bowel discipline, non-existent. They can't handle themselves. So they see a Tesla and they attack it.


They don't even know who owns the Tesla. I mentioned to you earlier this week, you've got Democrats in Northern Virginia attacking other Democrats because they see a Tesla and they go blind with rage. It's like a, like a bullfighter holding a red flag. They just charge, they have no idea who they're attacking or why. That's what they're doing. And so these attacks continue and the morons who are doing them are apparently either unaware or unconcerned about the fact that all of their actions are being caught on camera. These Teslas are surrounded by cameras. There's security footage I think they call it. Doesn't Tesla call it their sentinel program? Sentinel is a security program built into these Teslas where they capture footage of all of this.


Take a look at cut eight. Here's a, here's a gentleman keying a Tesla. This guy, he's, he's scratching the car, riding along the side of it, destroying it, trying to, anyway, he thinks he's so clever. Look at him rolling his luggage. He's at an air airport, I think that's Dallas-Fort Worth that footage. He's, he's at the airport scratching things up. And he's not the only one. There are more of these idiots who are keying. And I love, again, I love the cameras are on capturing every moment. And he thinks he's being subtle. Did you see the way he got real close to the car and pretended like he was merely walking past it? He had a key is scratching it as he goes.


He is mentally ill. That's, that's the conclusion from that video, quite unfortunately for him and for the rest of us here. Check this one. Here's another one, another guy. Kena Tesla, another guy. Now this guy, there's good news on this guy. He's been caught the police department in, in California, caught this guy. You see him walk past a little bit. He's a coward. He's, he's a total scumbag. He drifts past it a couple times trying to work up the courage to key the car. He is like, I don't know, maybe I will. Looking around. And he finally does, he finally keys the Tesla because he's a psychopath and, and they're being motivated by the worst elements on the left.


These are not lone wolves. This is not just, you know, these obviously there are people who aren't inspired to this kind of psychosis, no question because the left does that. But these attacks on Tesla and by extension Elon and by extension President Trump and ultimately on you, which is really what this is about. They hate you. So they try and destroy an American car company that they think represents you. They are definitely being, this is not a coincidence. It's happening across the country because there is a centrally organized effort to Do it. In fact, president Trump said as much this week, here he is in cut 10 saying this is domestic terrorism.


And I bet you that rich lefty billionaires are paying for it. Look, you Consider this an act of domestic Terrorism. Sure, I think. I think so. Why? I think that if and when they catch the people, and I hope they do, the good thing is they have a lot of cameras in those places and they've caught some already with that. The, I think that you will find out that they're paid by people that are very highly political on the left. Meanwhile, it's because of Elon Musk. Everything he did, Yeah. They're, they're being motivated by the left by people. Very rich and powerful people on the left are doing this. That's what President Trump had to say. And President Trump is not the only person who says that they're going after this.


Pam Bondy announced this week that this is nothing short of domestic terrorism. She said in a statement posted to the Justice Department website, quote, the swarm of violent attacks on Tesla property is nothing short of domestic terrorism. The Department of Justice has already charged several perpetrators with that in mind, including in cases that involve charges with five year mandatory minimum sentences. We will continue investigations that impose severe consequences on those involved in these attacks, including those operating behind the scenes to coordinate and fund these crimes. That's critical, isn't it? That's critical. Pam Bond's got a lot, lot of work to do.


And I know you share my concern that they actually get all of this done. There's, there's no time for games here. There's no time to be strung along. You wanna see the Justice Department act with the same kind of ruthless efficiency and aggression that the White House is using on, on everything. It's important that that take place. And getting to the money question. You and I both know, if they get to the bottom of the money question on the attacks on Tesla, how many other chaotic events will they find that that same group, that same organized effort is responsible for?


Maybe all of them. Maybe all of them. You go back to the summer of 2020. It's not some coincidence that you're watching as American cities are all being attacked simultaneously as the left would attack government buildings. I love their lectures on January 6th. So ludicrous. They had would attack courthouses, they would burn down police stations, they would throw Molotov cocktails at police protecting those locations. They would burn the eyes of law enforcement with lasers as they attacked those places. That's the state of the American left. And it's not just a coincidence that they popped up all over the country at the same time. It was motivated, it was coordinated and it was funded.


We know that. And yet we had an administration in office over the last few years that did everything they could to avoid even going after these types of things. Like for instance, lemme point you in the direction of kind of the way that they treated pro-lifers. So you get pro-life Americans showing up outside of abortion mills singing church hymns and suggesting to women that maybe they shouldn't kill their child. And those people were pursued, charged, thrown in prison, including grandmas sitting in, literally grandma's sitting in wheelchairs singing church hymns. Meanwhile, during that same exact phase, what else did we say?


Well, we saw attacks on crisis pregnancy centers. These are the kinds of places which are there to help women have their children and to take care of them. To provide baby formula and baby equipment and the everything you need to, to have a child in your house to su so you don't have to make that awful decision. So you don't make that awful decision of killing that kid. That was, that's what the crisis pregnancy centers do. There're angels on earth. If you've never talked to one of these people, perhaps you are working there. They are amazing human beings. They deal with women in complete trauma who don't know what to do, who are desperate. And they save them those places. Do you know what happened to them? They left attacked them.


They left attacked them. They fire, bombed them, they vandalized them. They broke the windows. They menaced the people who worked there. And guess what consequences were in, in store for the people who did that? Nothing. Nothing. In fact, when Merrick Garland was asked about this at the United States Department of Justice, Hey, what are you gonna do? The answer was, sorry. Those attacks happen at night. It's too difficult for us to see. It's too difficult for us to catch them. What? That's what he said. So that's how the Justice Department was governed before, hopefully with this change in governance, thanks to your your vote, we get some real answers and some real pursuits. I will say the the upside is that they're arresting a lot of people.


I saw the FBI director Cash Patel has been announcing they're arresting a lot of people, which is really good. Getting violent criminals off the street. No more. January 6th is the biggest thing that we're doing at the FBI, which is really another way of saying we are taunting and just absolutely destroying the lives of Trump supporters. No more to that. Instead they're going after hardened criminals and they're yanking 'em off the streets. I saw the FBII, I don't have the number in front of me, but they've already, they're ticking off. You know that the 10, the 10 most wanted, they're boom boom. Is it three so far in just the first, the, how long have we been in the Trump administration? Now we're almost to two months as of today. It's the 19th.


In the first two months, they've already captured three people off of the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list three. They're on their way. They're really on their way. Yeah. Yeah. Cash Patel says the FBI has captured his third most wanted fugitive since Trump took office. Let good cops be good cops. Hell yes. This is what I voted for. Is this what you voted for? Did you vote for this desert? X Rider says domestic terrorists for Gimo 2025. Hell yeah. I love that.


Hey, you know, I wanna tell you about bond charge. I've been using the bond charge infrared sauna blanket in my house. My wife loves it. And the red light face mask ever since they sent them, can't recommend them enough. You know, you turn to the sauna blanket to help with the muscle recovery and the detoxification. It makes you feel good. It's a total game changer. It's easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up and let that infrared heat work its magic. It's created a real difference in how you relax and rejuvenate and it's definitely helped my wife. The red light face mask is equally impressive. You can use it to help improve your skin's texture and reduce inflammation and it'll give you fantastic results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. If you're thinking about trying them out, you're in Total luck. Head to bond charge.com, use that code VINCE at checkout and you'll get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on my life. They'll help you too. I'm sure you're gonna love them. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com and you can save 15%. Now these statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. A, these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


And this episode is also brought to you by ZIPPs nicotine toothpicks. Zippy pretty cool, brings you a very satisfying and discreet way to get your nicotine cravings taken care of. Now you can get your nicotine fix anytime, anywhere without having to rely on smoking or vaping. ZIPPs toothpicks give you that easier, better, and discreet way to get your fix. They're available in six great long lasting flavors. They've got options in two milligram and three milligrams of nicotine and zipp. Toothpicks are perfect for flights, no smoking. Okay, Zipp picks sporting events, restaurants literally everywhere else that smoking and vaping are banned. They're one of the most cost effective solutions anywhere for nicotine on the market. And they're proudly made in the USA ZIPPs also offer caffeine and B12 infused toothpicks, which caffeine's kind of my specialty. That's if you're not a nicotine user or if you're trying to get away from your nicotine habit. ZIPPs have already helped tens of thousands of customers get their nicotine fix without actually needing to inhale smoke or vape oils. Give your lungs a break, try ZIPPs nicotine infuse toothpicks, ditch the cigarettes, ditch the vape, and get some nicotine infused toothpicks@zipptoothpicks.com. Today you can get 10% off your first order by using that code, VINCE, at checkout. Your lungs will be very glad you did. You must be 21 or older to order warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Zip more smoke less with zipp nicotine toothpicks.


How about that? How about that? Alright, so we've got a domestic terrorism going on. We've got a tax on Elon Musk and it's, and getting to the bottom of this is really, really important. I do want to, fellas, there's a, there's a clip I wanna pull up of Elon Musk talking about Reid Hoffman. Do you have that available for me? Okay. Okay, good. And so what are you signaling to me, Justin? I'm seeing hand gestures. Oh, is this cut? 11? Oh, I don't see. Okay. It's not on my cut sheet. Wait, is why I didn't know it existed. Cut 11. All right, so this is getting to the bottom of the money problem here is super important.


Who's funding all of this? Recently? Elon Musk said online that the people who are behind the attacks on Tesla appear to be Act blue. That's the big Democrat money machine that's in total chaos. George Soros and Reed Hoffman. Reed Hoffman, for those who don't recall, is the LinkedIn co-founder. And he's a super rich guy and he has dedicated much of his fortune to destroying Donald Trump. You remember the Eugene Carroll chaos, all that nonsense that was funded, that lawsuit against President Trump was funded by Reed Hoffman. And during the election, Elon sat down with our buddy Tucker Carlson and talked about the motivations to stop Trump and the immense money that was being spent at that time on doing that.


Watch this clip. It's important, You know, I I think part of why Kamala is getting so much support is that if, if Trump wins, that Epstein Clientless is gonna become public. Yes. And some of those billionaires behind Kamala are terrified of that outcome. Yeah. Do you think Reid Hoffman's uncomfortable? Yes. Yeah. And Gates. And Gates, yeah. I only asked that. 'cause you can sort, you just look at them and you're like that that's a nervous person right there. I don't know. I mean, I assume you know them. Yeah. Yes. Reid Hoffman was my vice president of business development at PayPal. Yeah.


24 years ago. He Did. Does he seem nervous to you? Yeah. I mean, he's terrified of a Trump victory Because of the disclosure that would follow, I think. Yeah. I mean, I think he is, he's certainly ideologically not aligned with Trump anyway, but I think he is concerned about the, the, the Epstein situation. I Think that's one of the most important videos from the entire election. Don't you think? Don't you think? Do you remember that one that that stuck in my head ever since I saw that clip? That's always, that's just been in my head like on, on repeat.


And imagine the world that Elon Musk runs in, right? That is, he is not running around with me. He's, he's running around in a world full of people who live a life that I could never even imagine. And they all know each other. A lot of them do. Like Elon knows Bill Gates and who he is. He knows these guys, he knows Mark Zuckerberg, he knows all the tech billionaires. He knows Reid Hoffman, he knows these people. And that boy, that's very suggestive when Elon says, yeah, I think that guy specifically is very concerned about the, the Epstein client list coming out. Who did Epstein run around with? Well, only like the richest people on the planet. And the, the scheme seems to be that Epstein became filthy rich on all of the blackmail he had collected on those people.


What other explanation is there? No one's ever given a really good explanation, a legitimate explanation in public for, for Epstein's accrued wealth. So that's fascinating. And so if it, if all of that is true, if you were trying to stop Trump from being elected and that outcome is not what occurred, in fact, Trump was elected. Now what, what do you do to stagger his presidency? What do you do to stop him? And one would assume it would be to introduce a lot of chaos to the country to bring about disorder, to try and summit as many distractions as you possibly can. And maybe that involves attacking Teslas all across the country.


So getting to the bottom of this is absolutely critical. Absolutely critical. Alright, we've also got some other things we wanna get to the bottom of. We've got the JFK files out now 80,000 pages of JFK files and you're gonna see a lot of discussion about this on the internet. People are all sorting through it. They're trying to find a bunch of new things by now, you likely know that there are not a million deep revelations that are being exposed by this. But to the Trump administration's great credit, what they did was they removed tons and tons of redactions. They just released all of these documents, unredacted. And some lefties today are trying to say things like, oh, these documents were released before.


The documents that were similar that were released before included a bunch of redactions. And now thanks to the Trump administration, the unredacted versions are all coming out as if this hour, it hasn't, the, the documents haven't fundamentally changed the original story related to the Kennedy assassination and the fact that Oswald took the shots to kill JFK Jr. That that hasn't been fundamentally changed at all by the documents. But as we sort through these documents, there are two clips that I want you to keep in mind because I've been thinking a lot about them ever since I heard them once again playing on repeat in my mind. This one's cut 13. This is Judge Andrew Napolitano relaying a conversation that he had with President Trump about the JFK files some time ago.


And it's hard to get this one outta my head. Take a look. In my last conversation with President Trump in the White House, he called me a lot. And this is after January 6th, so it's two weeks before or a week before he is leaving office. He wanted to run past me, my, the names of people he was gonna pardon and sentences he was gonna commute. He wanted my opinion on them, some of them I knew. I said, how you doing? He said, ah, not too well. And he went off into a tangent about what he thought happened with the election. I said, you know, you made a promise to the public many times and to me privately that you haven't kept what, what I'll take care of it right now. I said, you promised you would release the records of the JFK assassination.


He said to me, judge, if they showed you what they showed me, you wouldn't have released it either. And I said, who's they and what did they show you? And then he said, judge, someday when we're on the phone. And then he raised his voice and there aren't 15 people listening to the phone call back to a normal voice. I'll tell you, oh my God, How suggestive is that? And so, so we had 80,000, but here's what I wanna know, what aren't we getting yet? And you have an Intel community. You even heard it in the Judge Napolitano state in that clip, we have an intel community who actively works to thwart the president of the United States.


Luckily we have Tulsi Gabbard in place. She's been victimized by that same intel community treated as a terrorist by her country. And when she's not, she's a, she's a, a faithful servant. She's been, she's obviously in the military and now in a great position to oversee the intel community having been victimized by them. And she's been a part of this, this big release. So hopefully more to come to give us some answers to get closer to whatever it is that President Trump was specifically talking about that that he told Politano about. One other clip for you here of of Cash Patel, this is cash before he was FBI director talking to Glen Beck about the JFK files. Take a look at what cash had to say at the time.


Should the Kennedy stuff be released? Yes. Is there anything there that is like, is anybody alive that The, the problem is the things that we can't release have nothing to do with the questions you guys are asking. Oh, That's about as far as I can go on it. But like the answers you guys want, you pretty much have them. There's very minimal stuff that can't be seen from things that you wouldn't even think are related to that. Why can't we release them? They're, I mean, 1960s, what, what are they high? I mean I can't imagine.


Alright. Yeah, I don't wanna put you in a bad situation like a Soviet connection, but the biggest thing I could think of, But no, no, you guys are thinking This is exposed, this was an unfortunate thing that exposed something else not related. And you're thinking temporarily like did it stop back then? Oh my right. You know, the way intelligence works is you're always developing it. Where did I get that? Where did that go? Oh, hey, I found that guy five years ago, let's go talk to him. Where does that get us? You know, it's a, it's a, it's a little bit bigger of a jigsaw puzzle. I mean it's the same look, so it's so the seven pages of the nine 11 report Yes. Overnight that needs to come out.


I'm telling you that's gotta go. Yeah. And there will be some people that are pissed off. Yeah. Okay. Well just, just, just come on. Look, the American people can handle it. Just release everything. Please by all means. You know, we're I, I, I don't know about you but I'm suspicious of everybody. So at this point, nothing will shock me. Nothing as always. Not shocking, but it is appalling. Alright, I've gotta tell you about our buddy Dan, the deputy director of the FBI. He has been on the job now for two full days. He was sworn in at 8:00 AM on Monday morning. As I'm talking to you right now is 10 50 in the morning on Wednesday.


So just a little over two full days. He's been the FBI deputy director. And during that timeframe, this guy, ooh, he's already making a difference. And here's how I'm gonna go through some of this for you. First of all, just to give Dan a lot of credit, do you have this, this tweet from this morning? This is the, the deputy director of the FBI, the official government account announcing the following. Today is March 19th and it's a bad day to be a bad guy in America. A bad day to be a bad guy in America. I love that. Look how hard that picture goes. Dan Bonino in a suit ready to destroy bad guys. And so here's the update on what's going on with Dan on Monday.


There was a report from a guy called Hans von Kosky at the Daily Signal on Monday the same day Dan was sworn in and Hans, who's a great guy, smart lawyer, he had figured out that FBI agents who have been conducting background checks, which is what they do for the government, we're asking people questions about their gender identity. As of the beginning of this week, they were asking people questions about gender identity. This left wing psychotic agenda is still in the FBI Now for those of us who've been paying attention at home, president Trump has purged this garbage or ordered it to be purged from the federal government.


And there yet there you have the FBI still asking about it. Han says that he is a source that was, was interviewed by one of these FBI agents as a part of this background check and was asked about additional biases that he might, that, that somebody may have, that the person that they're trying to assess may have. The source was asked whether the subject of the FBI investigation had ever exhibited bias for any of the standard legally defined statutory reasons, but also due to quote gender identity. Now that's insane and it's also in violation of Trump's executive order. As Hans points out, Trump's executive order directed all federal government agencies, offices and departments, which would include the FBI to eliminate gender, gender identity and gender ideology from all statements, policies, regulations, forms, communications, or other internal and external messages.


All agency forms can only require that an individual sex be listed as male or female. That's it. None of this gender-bending nonsense. None of this. You were born in the wrong body. None of this. I'm going to affirm your mental illness. None of it, get it out. President Trump said at every level of government. And that would include in an FBI background check, which apparently up until the beginning of this week was asking about gender identity. Now here's the update on this subject and where Dan Bonino, the deputy director of the FBI comes in. Yesterday Tuesday, Hans published an update to his Great Daily signal report and he says the following, we have already heard from sources inside the FBI that as soon as this article was published, it was read by senior FBI officials and they immediately took care of the problem less than 24 hours after they learned about it.


There will be no more questions asked about gender identity in any background. Investigations being conducted by agents, the swiftness with which this occurred was corrected rather, should make the public confident that the new leadership of the FBI is really intent on fixing the agency. In fact, the swiftness, which with which the White House and the Trump administration has been acting to reform the federal government is simply amazing and quite frankly, refreshing in a town and with a federal bureaucracy that normally works at a glacial pace so slow that it makes a snail look like the Warner Brothers Roadrunner. That was Hans's assessment. And now here's where Dan comes in. Deputy Director Bonino was specifically involved in demanding this change.


Ben Williamson is a spokesman for the FBI and he says the following and FBI leadership became aware of this incident last night that would've been Monday and immediately addressed it. It has now been resolved. Thanks to Hans for the follow up. I will also add says Ben, that deputy director Dan Bonino in his second morning on the job today pulled myself and one other aside after the morning meeting to get an update on it. This leadership team is extremely engaged and cares about keeping promises. Here's what happened. Dan has been on the job for one day.


By the time he has this conversation, he finds out that this deranged, destructive, abusive, gender ideology garbage is still within the FBI in violation of President Trump's executive order. He gets his arms around it, he cracks skulls, he ends that insanity. And that was just on the first day on the job. That's pretty amazing and totally typical for Dan Bonino. What does Dan say? Cutesy time is over. Cutesy time is officially over within the FBI and I love seeing the aggression with which he's responding to this stuff right away.


He finds out about it. We're putting a lid on that fire immediately. So Dan Bonino, man, I love that he's there. I love, I love all the people who said before he got there, like, Dan, why him? Can he even Do it? He wasn't an FBI agent, right? All this nonsense that we saw. What did he do on day one? He instantly made the FBI better, like literally instantly made the FBI better. And I know President Trump is happy to have him there. I know that Cash Patel is happy to have him there, and I know that you're happy to have him there. Look at this, everyone's going cutesy. Time is over. Cutesy time is over the chat. Absolutely. Going wild for Dan and rightfully so. Dan, Dan's a great human being and I am.


I gotta say just, just as a programming note, as we, as we look at this great audience, Thank you to 92,200 people talking, looking at us right now as we do this great show here on Rumble. I have to tell you that it's just been such a privilege to do this and I, I appreciate, by the way, all the immense support that we've got here right now. And for those of you who are wondering about kinda the formats of the shows, we're gonna do whatever we can to inform you each day, whether that's some of these big interviews with Newsmakers. We got JD Vance tomorrow, the Vice President of the United States, Donald Trump Jr. We're talking to on Friday. I've got some other very big interviews coming in the weeks ahead, and we're gonna present to you all of the news that we possibly can within the confines of this great broadcast.


So I really wanna Thank you so much and you guys are honestly just amazing and you make me feel like such a, I love this country and I love the Patriots who are in the chat and who support this podcast, so Thank you for that. As I said, I'll be in a a jacket and tie tomorrow for the Vice President of the United States. Gotta do that. No sh medium t-shirts for the Vice President of the United States. Now here's the upside for you. You don't have to wear a jacket and tie, you can, you can just wear whatever you're wearing. You can p around in your underwear for all I care. It is not important what you show up in, but please do show up. Please do show up. I really hope you do show up for our conversation with the Vice Flipping President of the United States here on week one Events.


God bless you. Thank you for being here on the broadcast today. Hey, up next, have you been following what Rumble's doing here? Rumble is creating an immense series of programming that just takes you right through the day with all of these great patriots. So up next, right here on Rumble, Steven Crowder. So if you wanna see Steven Crowder, sit tight. Crowder is coming up next, right here on Rumble. Have a great day.