
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Oh man, do I got a weekend update for you? Everything's crazy right now. You ever move, you've moved Or of course you've moved. Everybody's moved at some. Well, man, who knows? Maybe some If. you, you're blessed if you're in your childhood home, right? Most people aren't. We're like all nomads now. Everybody moves around. So I'm, I'm, I'm finally done moving and I'm in the, the new crib, right? And everything's strange. Everything's strange. We upgraded a little bit, so I can't find anything. And it's like I get up in the morning and you ever move and you don't even realize like you don't have something until you don't have it.


And you know why? You realize it because you don't have it. And you're like, it's not there. And you're like, I think it's in the other house, which we haven't fully moved out of yet. So I'm luckily you're not too far apart. But I probably put a thousand miles on my car this weekend, going back and forth, getting stuff. I forgot. I'm like, I forgot the fish oil. I forgot the red light guy. I forgot this guy. The craziest week out on a boat, big weekend. Funniest thing I've ever seen with Kamala Harris and Tim Walt. They are the biggest phonies out there. New Secret Service thing I've told you about. Beat them to the pon.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. Go get it now. Get some sleep. I certainly did. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


I got that good weekend update for you. And again, the DNC proven conservatives are right about everything. The D nnc proven conservatives are right. Thought walls don't work. Seem to be working at the DNC.


Hey, you ever heard of data brokers? They're the middlemen, collecting and selling all those digital footprints you leave behind online. They're using your browsing activity and your location data to sell your profile to a company who delivers you a targeted ad. You might be surprised to learn that the same data brokers are selling your information to the Department of Homeland Security and the IRS Ouch. To mask my digital footprints. I protect myself with Express VPN right there on the phone. Brokers aggregate data and tie it back to you through your device's unique IP address, which also reveals information about your location. When you're connected to Express VPN, your IP address is hidden, making it difficult for you for them to identify who you are. Express VPN also encrypts 100% of your network traffic to keep your data safe from hackers on public wifi. That's why I have the Express VPN app downloaded on all my devices, phone, computer, even the home wifi router. All I do is tap one button, And I protected. It's that easy. Get the best VPN money you can buy right now. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get three extra months free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


All right, fellas, let's get this started. So today was my first day commuting over to the studio from the new crib. So moved it. It's, I love the place. Paula did an amazing job. And, I have this like really blacked out room. I I knock out drapes. There's like no light in there whatsoever, which is good at night 'cause it makes me go to sleep. And I get this cold plunge. So I take cold showers in the morning, okay? I'm freezing cold showers. And I thought I understood, I thought I understood how cold water could be the shower in my house. 'cause it's Florida. It's not that cold. Probably 60 degrees, but you think it's cold.


So a guy installs this cold plunge, right? 'cause I love this cold. I'm, they're all into cold exposure and life acts, right? And the dude says to me, what do you want the temperature at? Any of you guys ever been in a cold plunge ever? Like an ice bath. you know, you played football in college or whatever they throw in the ice. Same thing, right? don don't know. I say, put it at 40. He's like 40. Are you crazy? He's like 55. He's like 40. He goes, you're gonna pass. I ah, I take cold showers. you know me. If I can do 55, I can do 40. I jumped in that thing this morning. Justin, what did I tell you? I almost died. I was folks, if I was in there five seconds, the only reason, the only reason I was in there five seconds is it's hard to get out of.


'cause it's a cold pl like you gotta plunge in. That's all And. I was like, dad, you might as well have dropped me on hot irons and charcoal. I get outta there so fast. Maybe 5.27 seconds. I was in there. I jumped back in for about 15 seconds afterwards. 'cause I was so embarrassed. I was such a Ws bag. I I don't like being a Ws bag. I'm like, get back in that sucker. But now I'm bumping that thing up to 50. I Do you have any idea how freaking cold 40 degree water is? Man, you don't even need coffee anymore. Went out on the boat this weekend. Saw a lot of people at the Stewart Sandbar. Love you all. Thank you for all the kind words. It was great seeing you and listen.


Had some good times with some friends. you know, maybe I, here I'm gonna send you this picture. I'm gonna send this to show prep. You gotta throw this up by the end of the show. I'll show you. You wanna see this picture? This is me and my homies. I'm gonna send this to my, here, put this up in the show. If. you can And. We're done. I wasn't gonna do this, but what the hell? 'cause I, I have a drink in my hand. It's Gatorade. I promise it was hot out there today that day. It is, it's electrolyte water. It fermented kind of electric. But we had a good time. So I was not driving the boat. We have a skipper. It's not my boat, it's don. Don't have a boat. It's my friend's boat. We have a skipper, but we had a good time at the Stewart Sandbar. So many nice people came up and said hello. So listen, thank you all man. You all are the best.


I appreciate it. Alright, there's my weekend up there. Oh, you got it already. Look at that. Look at that guy. What shoulders on that there. So that's my doctor friend to the left. 'cause remember my rule, right? Always hang out with people smarter than you If. you are the dumbest guy in the room. You're doing it right? 'cause you'll always be smarter guy to my left is my doctor friend that the next other guy next to me is one of the smartest business guys. I know that's his kid. That's the orthodontist. And then this other guy is a foreign exchange guy. We know who comes to the area and has a skipper over there on the far right. So And, we had a good time. And again, there's electrolytes in the, in the water, it fermented electrolytes. And it is funny, they, they make the electrolytes.


Justin tastes like tequila. It's crazy. Tequila flavored electrolytes is so nuts. Yeah, God, yes, yes. I, I see, you know, he's in college. I unfortunately has some experience with that. So it was a fun weekend. Alright? Get into the serious stuff. So one of the Benny's Yeah, the serious stuff. I know that one of the, this is like the most non-serious thing ever. Like that's the joke here. This is even funnier than what I just said. Even though it's not intentional, folks, I did this for a living for 12 years, okay? I I I will never, ever bullshit you. I promise. Okay? Every politician does this type of thing where they stage some event. I'll give you an example. A Republican democrat.


I'm only using a Democrat example. Not to be partisan, even though don don't like Democrats, but because it was the last one. I remember when I was on Obama's security detail, they wanted to go stop at a lemonade stand. I think it was near Chicago. I've told this story before. So they send an advance guy out there. I mean it was about an hour out. I don't wanna make it out. Like, it was like a two week advance and they stop and it, it looked like it was all extemporaneous. Like, oh my gosh, Obama just stopped for lemonade. I promise you folks, none of this stuff is, is just like, oh boom, let's just stop and get lemonade. Like it doesn't work that way. Everything scripted. Bush did it. I'm sure Donald Trump did every Republican that they scripted.


The reason, this is funny, this air quotes unscripted moment with Kamala Harris, her husband and Tim Tampon, Tim Walls. It's not that it's phony, it's all phony. I just told you that it's that they're so bad at pretending it's real. Obama faked it like that looked real. Oh man, look, Obama stopped for lemonade. Even Bush was good at faking it. This woman is the most inauthentic, non-genuine thing. Are we in place as a So play it as so, 'cause I don't wanna talk over this. I want you to watch this. She goes in like a Sheets or a Wawa I. don dunno what it's, and she pretends she's looking for Doritos and Tim Walls is like, you've seen it Chad, right?


She said, look, I found the Doritos. And she's like, is there corn nuts over there too? Corn nuts. And do really, you really believe she was like Jones in for corn nuts and Doritos and just randomly stopped at his sheets. Watch this video. You might have laughed your head. This is funnier than my weekend up update. Check this out. What found Doritos? And it's just like, oh wow, Doritos, look at Doug. Looks, looks so cool and it's jumbo size. But look at Dougie. Look at, look at Dougie. The husband's like, got the do look at it. Wow. Doritos, let me reach over to you as if she doesn't know like the Doritos Notice she's in like the candy section.


The candy. Here's her here. Kamala, the Doritos are on the chip side. Have you ever been in a Sheets or a Wawa? Look, look, look, it is. Look and phone them. Film the Dorito. This is so great. Thank you Tim. I promise you not a single Dorito is eaten. Let me let you in on a little secret. Okay? When you're the vice president of president in the limo on Air Force two and Air Force one, whatever snacks you want are there at times a thousand. George w liked the, they had these little dove chocolates. I Trump, I think was the m and MSMS guy or whatever. Whatever you want they have, I promise you was not hunting for Doritos.


She's the phoniest candidate ever. I say that as the DNC starts this week because folks, this is not about issues. Okay? I'm sorry. I was watching Fox this morning. I was working out, this is after I almost died. Nicole almost died. I alm Justin. Did I not tell you? Almost died. The show almost didn't happen today. I almost had a, I was like, The only thing to save me was getting out immediately warming up. After I get out, I go back to the house, I dry off, I recover. I had to put myself like under a heat lamp. I be so dramatic. I had to put myself Star Wars reference.


This is only for, gee, what was the thing? The ton where they cut 'em open? Yeah. Was that a ton? See I got there. I had a, I had a laser lights everywhere and get myself in the ton so I made it. But whenever I turn on Fox, I'm working out doing the workout. And there's a lady that Lawrence Jones, who's a great guy he is at in Chicago at the DNC. And he's asking all these people about the election. And it, it's funny to listen to people talk. And, I. I'm not knocking them. Are you guys, what do these guys do? They're up there. I can already see they're up to go. He is Tampa, Doritos, Tim Cat, turd, cat turd, army. Get it trending. Doritos, Tim, there he is.


He's not, he's Doritos the champion of the Dorito. Now folks, I'm sorry, the Monday show is always a little nuts 'cause I got a little pent up energy from the weekend. But no, this is serious. I'm watching Fox and they're doing man on the street interviews with Lawrence Jones. And people are like, listen. And it was good to hear them say this. They were interviewing largely minority voters, which is cool that they said, but they're like, well, we're not really locked in with the Democrats. Awesome. I'm glad you're giving the Republicans a chance. But a lot of people said this And I. I I I had us kind of like, for a second I was like, really? Like, well, I gotta hear their platforms first. You what?


You really don't know what the Democrats stand for. I mean, we've had four years of big government, excessive money, printing, open borders, castrating kids porn in schools, public safety crises, defund or repurpose police money, reimagine ice. They've said it. Government healthcare for all a war on energy. I mean, you can look this stuff up folks. I'm not trying to sound like a dick, okay? Seriously, to voters who are open to vote Republican, I'm just saying like, you can look this stuff up. They've done all this.


How does this tie into the Dorito story? You see how I do all this folks? None of this is about issues. Campaigns are about two things. What are they? Chat get on it. Snapshots and soundbites. How many times I gotta tell you that we are 77 days from an election or something and you are telling me you still don't know the platforms of the two candidates. I'm telling you, they're not kidding. A lot of people don't. They hear snapshots and soundbites.


That is it. Kamala Harris is a fake. She's a phony. Everything they're telling you right now is a big freaking fraud. I want you to watch this video. This is freaking tragically hilarious. I mean, it's a tragedy, but at the same time, it's so hilarious that people keep falling for this. I don't understand the Democrats platform. I I I do. The Democrats have voted against every single border war wall measure that the southern border are border walls gonna stop every single illegal immigrant. No, not even close. People cut through them. People do climb over them. The point of a border wall is it's an obstacle.


And if it stops 60% of people, that's 60% of criminal activity. That's not happening. Why? Why do liberals pretend to be stupid with this? It's like putting police officers in a neighborhood. Is crime gonna be zero? No. You put police officers in a neighborhood hoping to reduce crime just like a wall would reduce, but not stop illegal immigration. Why do you pretend to not know this? The answer is 'cause the people doing this are evil and want open borders like Kamala Harris. Why am I bringing this up? Here's a local news report outta Chicago.


Even the local democrats in the area are all ticked off that they're putting up walls all over the place. But, I don't understand. If liberals keep telling us walls don't work, then why do they keep using walls at their event? Folks, folks in the chat. Is this a dumbass question? If it is, stop me. I don't understand. If, you are telling me this item, the wall, the wheel, the lever, the incline plane, the pulley If. you are telling me these things don't work. Then why do you keep using them? I I I thought that Oh no, people can climb over 'em. Yeah, no kidding. But most of them won't watch this If.


You look behind me over my shoulder. You'll notice those fences and snowplows in place. We've actually watched all morning as they have started to bring in more metal fencing, more barricades. And these snowplows have been kind of navigating around those barricades and getting into place around the uc. Take a look at some of this video we got earlier this morning. You can see a lot of cars have been turning around already as they're met with these new closures that have been set in place overnight and early this morning. You know, I didn't even catch this. Justin brought up up, they got a guy named Wall, literally Walls on the ticket. And yet like walls don't work.


And you know what? Walls don't work. Tim Walls the what? That Tim Walls don't work. Walls actually work. Were I I get listen, I get it folks in the chat. I I I would be you, you'd be paying me the biggest compliment right now. Everyone in the chat, Dan, this is the dumbest segment ever. It's the best compliment you could give me because it is because you are all smart. You are like, yes, they're obstructions. They'll stop 90% of people. That's why we use them. Look at this now is the tragedy part. Sorry to take you through an emotional rollercoaster, but that's what this show is. Bill Mulian, great reporter Fox and a super nice guy By the way.


Follow him on Twitter. He is at Bill Malian underscore. This past week alone, this past week, not year, illegal aliens were arrested for rapes of two women in New York City. The rape of a pregnant woman in Massachusetts, the attempted rape of another woman in Massachusetts. A Peruvian gang leader wanted for 23 murders, was also arrested. All were caught and released at the border under the Biden administration thought they were about protecting women folks. It's all bs man. All of it. It's all BS.


Walls don't work. Walls do. Yeah, that's good. There you go. You're absolutely right. Walls don't work. We gotta get on that one on social media too. WALZ don't work. W-A-L-L-S or three Ls. If you're Biden, definitely work folks don't buy anything they're telling you these people are full of crap. All right, I got an update on the Secret Service story and shockingly it continues to get worse. Folks, everything I told you, we were two to three weeks ahead of the news cycle. I promise you self praise thinks. I just never want you to waste your time here. Remember what I told you about Mar-a-Lago, how Secret Service Management kept telling this Trump detail.


We're not gonna secure get Well, I shouldn't say that. They didn't say that. We're not gonna provide extra security at Mar-a-Lago 'cause we don't secure nightclubs. Remember I told you that? How many people in the chat remember that I told you this? What? August of 2023 last year The Washington Post finally picked up the story yesterday. Finally, you were a year, literally a year August of 2023 ahead of them. Let me take a quick break and then I'm gonna get to that and I'll show you how again, we keep beating billion dollar media enterprises on this show just doing homework folks,


our good friends at Omaha Stakes have been providing families across our great country with unbelievable quality food and steaks for over for, for a hundred years. How many companies can say they've been in business for that long and to celebrate, they're offering 50% off five zero sitewide during their anniversary sale. Plus you'll get $30 off of my promo code Bonino. That's 50% off@omahasteaks.com. Put in code Bonino B-O-N-G-I-N-O for another $30 off. you know, I've been a big fan of their food Omaha steaks way before they've been sponsored the show. It's delicious high quality proteins for a good nutritious, solid, good tasting diet. Top cut sirloins, beef sirloin tips, boneless chicken breasts and good old fashioned Omaha steaks. Burgers that are amazing are protein lovers. I like the burgers so much, I mix 'em up sometimes and put 'em in spaghetti sauce. They're that good. Everything is flash frozen, vacuum sealed, and ready to prepare so it makes dinner prep fast and easy. Five generations have run this family owned business. They take pride in the quality of the food they deliver, you know, for an unconditional 100% money back guarantee. Visit omaha steaks.com and look for the anniversary sale. Let's celebrate 100 years. Get 50% off sitewide plus $30 off If. you Use code bonino minimum purchase may apply. Go to omaha steaks.com and Use code bonino. Thanks, Omaha Stakes.


All right, back to the show. We beat the Washington Post again, despite an entire cadre of reporters out there claiming to be doing journalism. Everything in this article you already knew, but now they claim to have their own sources. And just to be clear, I'm not questioning the fact that these sources are legitimate. They claim to have eight secret service insiders and sources. I don't think they're making it up because the story's true. And you know, unlike the Washington Post that'll, you know, crap on me at any opportunity. I don't return the favor unless they lie. This article is in the newsletter. bonino.com/newsletter. Please Subscribe, check it out. Secret Service finds protecting Trump is extraordinarily challenging.


The gist of this article, I think is to kind of take a shot at Donald Trump, but remember what I told you about how the Secret Service is a government entity and because it's a government entity, there's almost no accountability whatsoever. And they apply their security model based on titles, not based on threat. I want you to read this. Did I not tell you that. Don't take this down, leave this up for a second. Just to remind you what I said. One of the biggest errors the Secret Service makes in allocating agents to a protectee is they do it based on title. Oh, well this guy's the president, so he should get more. Well, why? Well, because he's the president.


Well, is his threat level higher? No. So why is he getting more? Because we said so. There's no method to the madness at all. Well, we give him less protection 'cause he's a former president. Well, what if there's a high threat level? Too bad here, quote, current and former officials says the agency's never been asked to provide such a heavy level of protection to a former president. And the levels provided even before the shooting won't be on Secret Service guidelines. Some agency officials have grown frustrated with requests from Trump's team to schedule events that seem especially challenging to protect. Two of the people said, you get in the gist of this how the Washington Post is putting lipstick on this pig.


I freaking warned you about folks. Yes, the president of the United States has the nuclear football. He has the staff around him. If we lose the President of the United States, the entire world goes into chaos. There is no doubt, no matter who he is, his threat level's a 99 out of a hundred. The problem is Donald Trump's is a 99 out of a hundred. And the angle, the Washington Post, it appears they're trying to take here. I I I applaud them for even writing the piece for, well, I shouldn't be applauding these, you know, idiots. But at least they wrote it. But you see how they're still trying to pawn it off on Trump, like, oh my gosh, he just travels a lot.


But, but Obama traveled a lot. So did Clinton after they left office. Trump's threat level is through the roof. Now remember what I told you about Mar-a-Lago where the agents who run Trump's detail, the agents who the, the entire management structure, they were horrified at the Mar-a-Lago security plan. It doesn't matter that Donald Trump has people at Mar-a-Lago, that's not your business. Secret service management at all. Your business is to secure it, not to tell him how to live his life. Trump's secret service detail put together an intrusion detection plan they believe would make Mar-a-Lago a safer place for Trump.


But when they asked for the funds, several million dollars according to people with knowledge of the request, they were mostly denied by the Secret Service ladies and gentlemen. The current director Ron Rowe, was part of this. They received about 10% of what they requested, meaning nine out of 10 requests were denied according to people familiar with the dispute. Let me tell you on my integrity and everything that matters to me, this story, even though it's in the Washington Post, the PP tape paper is 100% accurate. I told you the line that was used when they made these requests about Mar-a-Lago, we don't secure nightclubs like real smart asses.


The, the the management team of the Secret Service. It's not your business. What if a nightclub owner won wins the presidency? You gonna let the president get killed? 'cause you don't secure nightclubs. It's one, it's not even a nightclub. Folks, listen, I'm not telling you anything different. I haven't told insiders and people in the Trump circle too. This guy is in real danger. This management team in charge right now is entirely incapable of putting together a thorough security plan to make sure Donald Trump doesn't get hurt. They are not, the people on the Trump detail have a different mindset.


You heard it here First Washington Post If, you would've written a story. Carol Lenning and Josh Dcy, And I know Carol August of 2023 instead of, you know, your, your your lacky friends in the media calling me a conspiracy theorist like that asshole at NBC, Daniel, whatever his name was saying that me and Tucker were conspiracy theorists for saying Trump was gonna get shot or killed. Or worse, maybe If. you guys had written a story about what I talked about. We wouldn't have had this murder scene. What was that guy's name? Do you remember the Daniel Guy at NBC Dan Arkin? Yeah, Dan Bonino is a conspiracy as if I didn't have sources in my old job. You dip shit and By the way.


When is that asshole gonna apologize? The answer is never. You guys are a year late. Alright, lemme get back to the show. I got a couple other things I wanna talk about too here. Well, a lot of things to talk about, folks, the liberal media is losing their monopoly over the messaging. Now, the, this has been obvious for years. What was Walter Cronkite, NBC, you know, Peter Jennings at a b, c and Broka years ago. If it didn't happen on those shows and the weekend shows it didn't happen, it disappeared. Social media and the decreasing power of these liberal enterprises has really, really made it harder to hide the stupid.


I want you to focus on this for the next few minutes of the show because it's an important segment. Friday I got off, I got off work the show, you know, three o'clock on Friday and I was really excited about the weekend. I was going out on a boat with my friends, as you saw And I really enjoy. I love my life. And I, thank God every day for all the gifts. but it hit me this weekend, and that's why I talked about it in the beginning of the show. How there are people out there who either claim they don't know the Democrats platform and the far left radicals that do will advocate for the dumbest things known to humankind. Walls don't work. Defund the police. Some people fall for this. The evil ones push it. Know it's stupid. But some people fall for this.


It's getting, here's the good news now here we take a turn. Okay? 'cause don don't wanna be, you know, Danny Downer on a Monday, the dumb assery is getting harder to hide. I want you to watch this segment. That's hilarious. don Don't know if Don Lemon, did you remember Don Lemon? Who CNN parted ways with him and then he's got this like failing show. And. I mean he's trying to break through into podcasting space and By the way we're kicking ass at taking Ames. Avitas new show is like blowing up the charts. We're still killing it. Thanks to you all. So Don, what does Tucker call him? Don Lamont. So Don Lemon is trying to start some kind of podcast and whether he intended this to go viral or not and went viral for all the wrong reasons, he's obviously a devout liberal activist and he's genuinely dumb.


Like he falls for this stuff. He actually believes the Biden economy is doing well. Real wages down, labor force participation, productivity, suffering. Now we've got a jobs revision down a million jobs. They said we're up. It's, it, it's really comical how stupid you have to be. Watch him go to a blue part of New Jersey and just randomly do another man on the street. How many of these do we play now guys? About 20. They can't find a freaking Biden Harris supporter anywhere. Even the liberals. Check this out. We're here in Jersey, Atlantic City. Who do you support? Trump. I, I plead the fifth Trump for the win. Tell me why I can't really call that right now.


But. I just feel like she's not good for president. She's good vice, but not for the actual lead role for The country. Does it have anything to do with being a woman? No. No. 'cause I feel like women Nah, you're not gonna gimme that. Your money's on Harris. Yeah. Who do you want? Trump. Why don't you like Harris? Oh, she don't have any experience. She She's the vice president. She's a senator. Yeah. No, no experience. No, no, no. She had no experience. Well, I want Donald Trump. I just feel we need somebody that has a stronger background with the military and the world in general. She's a prosecutor and an attorney general and the senator and the vice president. You're in a gambling town.


Who's your money on? I'm gonna support the Democratic party. But. I mean Trump looked like he, he got it in the bag right now. Four Years ago it was a lot better. I made a lot more money than I do Now. I know you feel that way, but that's not actually what the record shows. The economy is actually better under Biden. No, I'm serious. What? What? That's what the facts show. Watch cnn. Okay. you know what? No, no, no. That's not because I watched CNN Trump or Harris Trump. That's who's gonna win. That's who's gonna win, Folks. A again, I am a man of numbers and facts. I believe in data I am when I'm speculating. I tell you that But I build my opinion based on a set a, a, a data set, polling issues, numbers, And I put together and formulate some kind of a hopefully educated opinion in the end.


I get that man on the street. Interviews are not a statistically sound way to determine who's gonna win an election. I understand. However, don't you find it odd that I have now played seriously. Probably 20 plus man on the street interviews from Don Lemon Newsmax, OANI mean, you name it. Nobody can find a Biden supporter anywhere. They're in Atlantic City. Folks, this is not some like die hard conservative stronghold like Norman Oklahoma or something. They can't find a supporter.


Let's go back to the beginning of the show. Why? Why can't they find a supporter? Because they don't like the platform platform. Nobody, nobody. Forget the platform for you admit sound bites at snapshots people find Donald Trump relatable. you know why he goes to a Chick-fil-A and he's not like, Hey, who has the Doritos? That's why the snapshots will always be bad for Kamala Harris. And the soundbites are even worse. That's it. I'm not telling you it's gonna be a landslide. I'm not. No talk of that. I'm just saying don't get all down either with the after this week, all the gaslighting that's gonna happen at the DNC.


Oh, it's over, man. This was the best presentation ever. This thing is, you're gonna hear it this week to try to try, try to take the air outta the Republican balloon. Don't let that happen either. The stupid people are starting to see through it. I'm show you what I mean. Coming up in a second. Again, even the Washington Post, it's like Kamala Harris is a moron. This is how bad her economic plan last week was.


Folks, I am really stoked to have this new sponsor. So I would, let me just take, I, I'm not, I'm gonna read my own spot. You can leave it up. But I. I don't care. I don owns the company. He's a great guy. But Don, if you're mad at me, it's, I don't be so I was looking on Instagram. I'm building this home gym in my house. 'cause I go to gym, it takes too long. And some of the equipment I have from my old house, it's just fallen apart. I've had it for like 20 years, right? I bought it when I was in the Secret Service. So I'm on Instagram. And I found this company. Jacked Up Fitness, And I started liking their stuff. So Don you know, reaches out and he's like, Hey man, we wanna outfit your gym. And I was like, brother, let's do it. I got the thing. My first workout was Friday. I hit it Saturday morning and today I have the all-in-one home gym. Now listen, I get it. These all-in ones in the past. you know the ones I'm talking about. Justin, nothing works. You're like it's, it's nothing in one brother. I promise you. Not this one. I had a thousand companies reach out. This one is legit like the real deal. Jacked up fitness to this. The machines work better than the individual machines. The pull down the row, I was doing the cable flies this morning, the dip attachments, everything is super clean. The movement's amazing folks, you just push and play and follow along. Jack Dab Fitness as full body video workouts too. They've got this mirror on the thing. It is amazing. It's a proud American company. Jacked up fitness By the way they're donating 900 machines. In partnership with my show to the Wounded Warrior Project. Don sent me a text, some of 'em already got there. It's a project. you know, listen man, this is good stuff. This is what they do. That's a million dollar value donation. You wanna take charge of your health, trust me on this one. You wanna support veterans too and a company that loves America and is proud of it. Order your gym today@getjackedup.com. Get jacked up.com. That's get jacked up.com. That all in one machine is amazing. I'm gonna show you some pictures once we clean up the gym's. Still a little messy exclusive promo code for my listers. You want 10% off? I know you do. Use promo code bonino get jacked up.com. Amazing Jim. Sorry Don, for my improv But I really like the gym. And I. Wanna make sure people know about it.


Our last sponsor day, i American Financing dot net interest rates have dropped and right now is the perfect time to call my friends at American Financing. They're a family owned company. They've been helping people just like you create meaningful savings every month. Their salary based mortgage consultants. Look at your full financial picture, all of your debts, including those frustrating credit card balances where you're paying upwards of 20, 30% in interest payments every month. You don't need that anymore. And they work with you. They create a loan program and they wipe that all out and in some cases have some cash left over to create some emergency savings. They've been with us a long time. American Financing is a true partner in helping you and your family save money. They never charge any upfront or hidden fees. It costs you absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save their average customer saving over $800 a month. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. So don't wait. Give 'em a call. American Financing, the number's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 Or go to American Financing dot net M NMLS 1 8 3 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank you American. Financing.


Folks, they can't hide the stupid anymore. Okay? People are starting to see through the dopey soundbites. So Kamala Harris came out with what she alleges as an economic plan last week and she said, we're gonna institute Soviet style price controls. She didn't use those words. Of course she used flowery soundbites, but proving to you that the stupid isn't sticking anymore. The left wing communist Washington Post wrote a piece just destroying the stupidity of Soviet style price controls in the United States. Here it is right here. You think I'm lying to you? The times demand serious economic ideas. The times demand serious economic ideas.


Harris supplies gimmicks, price gouging is not causing inflation. So why is the vice president promising to stamp it out? Folks, this is the Washington Post. I want you to understand something. I know the poll. I know you guys like the economic segments. Why our poll had a lot of big sample size folks. Whenever the government tells a company, you can only charge this much for a product. If it costs more, the company's not gonna produce the product because they can't make money. Folks, please, in the chat help me, help me, help me before I lose my mind. 'cause I'm serious. I can't do this stupid anymore.


Especially after almost dying. So I didn a near death experience. And I called Near Death. IIII had to go into ton a vita's like I think you're being a little traumatic. No, I'm not. I'm not. I'm totally not. I'm I It was this close folks, this close. So a vita's like this is going on the show. Marge Panino But I want full coverage of my near death experience. I'm on our early edition with a tomorrow, I'll be very upset. Okay? I'm finding a new host if she doesn't cover it tomorrow. Extensively the whole show. As a matter of fact, start to finish folks. Chad, please help me. Is there anyone in the chat? Seriously who doesn't understand this? I'm not being a jerk. Does anyone in the chat and understand that the government that has no idea how to run your business or how much it costs to make your product, that the government, if they tell you you can only charge this and it costs you this plus this, you will not produce the product because you will lose money and go outta business.


Is there anyone? Guys, can you watch the chat? If anyone says no, Dan don don't understand, please. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you a link to an economics, a book. It's called Charlie Brown's economics. I, I'm not, yeah, I think it's still out there. Okay, it comes with crayons. Yeah, it comes with a crayon set as Michael just said, it comes with crayons and you can figure it out. This is not hard. This is so now even the Washington Post is like Kamala Harris is as dumb as she looks. Soviet price controls don't work. Here is C-N-N-C-N-N. I had to cut this two clips, which I never do from the same clip on CNN. This is a CNN clip where even CNN and Catherine rappel, the guests are like, this is the dumbest freaking thing I've ever heard.


You want Soviet style economics vote Kamala Harris. Here's part one where they, the lady ell and see they're mocking price gouging saying what the hell's price gouging? How does the government know what a fair price is? The government needs to know how to run the government. Check this out, Catherine. I hear, I read your piece and And I heard you just mention it. The federal ban on price gouging for groceries. You are skeptical of this. Why? Well, first of all, nobody can explain what price gouging means. It's, it's like that old line about pornography. I know it when I see it in the sense that what does it mean to have an excessive price or an excessive pro profit margin that seems to be shorthand for a price or a profit margin?


That that bugs me. That seems too high. The government doesn't know how to run the government If. you If, you have a, you know, a company makes, look this key chain I got right? It's like this cool magnetic little thing. So you know when I leave the key fob in the car or something like that, well I don't know anything about it. Anything. Well Dan, you're a reasonably smart guy. Even If, you think I'm like only an average smart, even If, you think I'm a dumb guy? How hard can it be to figure out how to make magnetic key chains the answer really hard Or else everybody would be making millions selling magnetic key chains, but only a few people are because they're really good at it.


They found the best magnet people at the best price, the best metal people, the best fabricators. None of this is easy. We don't like your price for the key chain that's gouging. Really Explain to me how to run my business. We don't know how to run your business. Then shut the, this is CNN. Here's the same segment. I never make two cuts from the same thing on CNN. 'cause this is like the moron network. Here they are again noting that, you know, this has been tried before. The government, that's too stupid to run the government trying to run private businesses. It's been tried in these really successful places. The Soviet Union, Cuba, Venezuela, and it has a 100% success rate of failing every time.


Again, CNN clip, check this out. It Also would be very bad for markets. We've seen this kind of thing tried in lots of other countries before Venezuela, Argentina, the Soviet Union, et cetera. It leads to shortages, it leads to black markets, you know, plenty of uncertainty and beyond that, the specific way this bill is written might actually increase prices because of some of the other language in it. Folks, I want to tell you what they brought up a good point. These guys too, the government and its official money printer, the Federal Reserve can't even control effectively the price of the dollar.


The price of the dollar by inflation or deflation. What a dollar buys the value of it. It's probably they can't even control that. How the hell is the government gonna control a magnetic key maker? They kid. They're too stupid Now because folks, I hate being put in some kind of partisan box. I'm a conservative first. A Republican, a di, believe me a distant second. I am not ever going to tell you that dumb Republicans haven't fallen into this same trap. The government's gonna control the economy they have. Richard Nixon tried it. He was a Republican, wanted a big landslide.


His reelection, wall Street Journal, it's a good piece. It's not inaccurate. Kamala Harris, Endorses Nixonomics, they note in a piece that By the way Kamala Harris was promising to fight price gouging in supermarkets. The journal notes, there's no evidence basically at all that supermarkets or food retailers are gouging anyone. Food prices are higher than they were before the Biden presidency, but it's because of inflation. Retail grocery prices have risen roughly in tandem with wholesale prices. Meaning the supermarkets are charging more because they're paying more to get the stuff. Supermarkets also have narrow margins on sales, roughly 2% compared to 8% on average for other businesses.


So basically Kamala Harris thinks you're a moron. None of what she's saying is actually true. They note the last American president to try price controls was Nixon. He had a stage of humiliating retreat amid shortages and market dislocations and prices immediately soared when controls were lifted. Oh man, folks, this is extremely dangerous stuff. I need you to listen to me. We now have a series a, a, a set of open communists running for President Tim Walls, tampon, Tim Doritos, Tim, right? We have Doritos here running for president as a communist for vice president with an open communist running on actual Soviet price controls.


We have a communist running for president. This is extremely dangerous. I get it. You've heard it. It's the most important election for Lifetime. It is. It is the most important election in your lifetime. By the way If, you live in Florida as a primary tomorrow. Make sure you vote in a primary tomorrow in Florida. Folks here is common communist communa. That's exactly what she is. She is a communist. The proof is everywhere. Government takeover healthcare price controls. Here's a recently resurfaced clip from her last run for office. Here's Kamala outright communist saying she wants to confiscate people's patents. So just to be clear, you invent a new way to make a cassette tape or whatever it is back in the, they wanna confiscate that because the government's entitled to your earnings.


Not you. She didn't say that. Okay, listen to yourself, check this out. I will Snatch their patent so that we will take over and yes, we can do that. Yes, yes we can do that. Yes, we can do that. It's what? It's, the question is, do you have the will to do it? I have the will to do it. What else could you possibly wanna see? You've got 70, less than 70 days. Early voting starts very soon. You've got half that time you have an open commie running. She is a communist. Can I ask you a simple question again, folks chat. Please help me not trying to be a jerk.


Anyone in the chat who doesn't understand this, I will send you the link to the Charlie Brown encyclopedia about economics. I will send you the link. You can go pick it up yourself. Okay? Does anyone not understand why you would never get another invention if people can't profit from the invention? There was a lady who lived next door to me when I was in Verna Park. Her name was Rachel. She invented this hair clip product called the Clever Clip. You ever see those little like sock holder thingies like that? you know what they, they look like a U, like a thin U. And the sockets loop through it. Sometimes you see like hangers that look like that through with pants. Well one day in college, this lady Rachel was looking for a a thing for her hair and she couldn't find it.


So she took the sock thing and she did the hair thing and clipped it. And she was like, wow. And she invented this product called the Clever Clip. And you know what they do? They patent these things, okay? Because they make money on them. They make money on them. If, you steal people's patents, nobody's gonna invent anything or they're gonna take it to another country. Is anybody not understand this? This is what happens when an idiot like communist Kamala Harris runs for president, who has never had a real job in her adult life, ever. She is an idiot. Here's Charlie Gasparino, he's the Fox, one of the business guys over at Fox.


He's got some good context in the field. Wall Street people. I got news for you ladies and gentlemen. This may shock you. A lot of Wall Street people are diehard libs. you know that they are I. can I, I can I mean look at it with the the kine, the old governor of New Jersey. Phil Murphy, the guy, these are all Wall Street guys. He's owning it. Even these Wall Street lefties, the research departments are working overtime to alert clients about the potential for for social, the socialist economic agenda of Kamala Harrison. Her speech on Friday, especially since their calls for price controls, he notes even the gentle souls of finance can't escape the reality that Kamala Harris is clueless about business price controls always lead to shortages and is looking to take the country down a dangerous socialist path.


Folks, the goons lefties at Wall Street who've been screwing us over forever, even they're worried about the communist. She's a commie. Snapshots and soundbites. Kids snapshots and soundbites. That's why I love this short ad from the Trump team about the communist ticket. Harris Walls, commies Hammer and Sickle Commies. Straight up Commies snapshots and soundbites. Keep it punchy. That's why this ad pay close attention 'cause I promise it's short is one of the best I've ever seen.


You ready? Alright, go. A lot. A loaf of bread cost 50% more today than it did before. The pandemic ground beef is up almost 50%. I'm Donald Trump. And. I approve this message. Did you snapshots and soundbites, did you miss it? It's good, right? Best spot I've seen yet that is Kamala Harris's communist agenda. Now you see why black markets are gonna develop the minute she gets in? 'cause people aren't gonna pay that. What happened when they put confiscatory taxes on cigarettes?


You get a black market for cigarettes. Is it? None of this is new. Here's Larry Kudlow explaining this By the way why people are hurting so bad folks. You can get a nominal raise due to inflation if it buys less stuff, you're making less money. The only thing you should be concerned about are real wages. Real wages. IE what your money buys. Not the number. The number is meaningless. What it buys is what matters. Check this out. Wages have not kept up with prices. That's right. So you have what I call the affordability crisis. Yeah. Where real, real wages are falling about 4% over the course of the Biden Harris term and prices average families can't afford it.


Yeah, that's right. Mortgage rates are still relevant. It's what your money buys. It matters. Not the number at the end of the paycheck. What does it buy? But don't worry folks, Kamala the communist and our communist running mate. Don't worry, he's got Doritos If. you guys are listening on Apple and Spotify. You may have to go to the 49 minute mark. Just watch the things just randomly pop up on the screen. Now, straight up Commies, this is what communists do. They try to break down I. can I get a little, is it okay?


Can I get a little wonky here for a second? Forgive me. I'll make it real quick. One of the things communists, like Kamala Harris and Tim Walls love to do is break down any objective truth. Objective. Truth meaning evil is real. Values come from the family, this kind of thing. Anything objective, you know, male, female, they need to break it down. 'cause once they break down the fact that there's no objective truth, no God, there's no evil versus good, then the government can do anything to people because it's not evil. Because the ends justify the means. You get it? Anything objective, there is a reason they are involved in gender warfare. It's not because they don't know what a woman is, it's they don't want you to know what a woman is.


'cause anything objective, male and female has to be wiped out. Don't ever forget this clip where she was such a radical moron on the stage with CNN and Chris Cuomo. Even Chris Cuomo was taken aback by her giving out her pronouns as if anyone was confused as to who she was, a male or a female. Remember this. Good to see you, Senator, thank you for joining us. Appreciate It. How are you Anna? Thank you guys. And my pronouns are she her and hers. She Her and her mine too. Alright. Alright. First question for the night. The cringes.


Did you forget about that? Chris Cuomo's like, okay, yeah, me too. Because he's so confused by the stupid. He's like, she's actually doing this practice. That one. Oh gosh. She practiced that. Some focus group told her to say that she is the most inauthentic, fake, phony person. You got car nuts, you got Doritos. She's a fraud. I get it. They're all phony folks. Some people fake it better and at least do smart things. Kamala Harris doesn't fake it and does dumb things that get people killed. Like communism. I'm gonna help you out here 'cause I love you.


I try not to play these too much. And you guys, when it's If, you see Milton Friedman. Honestly, they know it's probably a pretty slow Newsweek. 'cause I like to take those opportunities to put a little educational material. Look, I got two full page. I promise you that's not the case today at all. I really need to play this before the election. It's only about a minute. This is Milton Friedman describing why Kamala Harris expanding the government even more than it is now is such a threat to you. Tax rates matter, but what matters more is what the government spends. Because whether you are paying it in taxes now or taxes tomorrow, or inflation today, every single government debt is paid by you.


Every debt. Don't forget it. Save this clip and play this clip for every one of your liberal friends and ask them to debate you. It's only a minute long. What government spends is what matters. And Kamala wants to spend a whole lot more. Watch this. As I said before, keep your eye on one thing and one thing only. How much government is spending, because that's the true tax. Every budget is balanced. There is no such thing as an unbalanced federal budget. You are paying for it. If you're not paying for it through it in the, in the form of explicit taxes. You're paying for it indirectly in the form of inflation or in the form of borrowing.


The thing you should keep your eye on is what government spends. And the real problem is to hold down government spending as a fraction of our income. And If, you do that. You can stop worrying about the debt Folks. Kamala Harris wants to spend more, not less. Every dollar spent is a dollar taken from you in the form of tax, in the form of inflation, and in the form of a lower quality of life, period. JD Vance had a j D's getting better. He had a hell of a weekend. Again, he's just killing it on any come along, Anita always crushing it. Anita the groin crew. We were thinking we was talking about this morning, the original Mcy. Remember Holden Mcy, how the whole thing started the end of the year.


We're gonna do a shout out to MCGs the the original McCroy show. J D's been crushing on the on the weekend shows. Here he is this weekend, one of the best analogies I've ever heard on tv. Why allowing Kamala to control the government budget as president and inflation. Listen to this analogy, you'll get it after it's done. Check this out. The American people just don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris, who's been vice president for three and a half years is somehow gonna tackle the inflation crisis in a way tomorrow that she hasn't for the past 1300 days, giving Kamala Harris control over inflation policy, Shannon, it's like giving Jeffrey Epstein control over human trafficking policy.


The American people are much smarter than that. They don't buy the idea that Kamala Harris represents a fresh start. She is more of the same. It is doubling down on the failed policies of the Harris administration to give Kamala Harris a promotion rather than to fire her, which is what I think most Americans are gonna do on November. How You see shatter briefs face, that's hilarious. Letter of control inflation as they put Jeffrey Epstein in charge of human trafficking. JD again, what did I tell you? Listen to your boy, Dan. Listen. Listen.


I know these guys know these guys. I'm promise it's only gonna get better. Guy is a freaking bulldog. That is one of the best things I've ever heard on tv. All right, I'm gonna end the show today with something hilarious. Okay, so this guy, Jason works with me, social media, good guy. And this weekend I'm in the house. We're moving. I'm like all tired and I'm sitting down. I needed a good laugh. So I'm just scrolling through x And, I. See on Jason's feed. He's like, oh my gosh, you gotta hear this comedian. And every time I hear you gotta hear this comedian, I'm like, eh, boy, it's not gonna be funny. But I was like, ah, whatever. I was sitting at the couch. I had a minute or two, I'm like, let me play this clip.


Have you ever heard of this guy Drew Dunn? Anyone in the chat? you know this guy. I, I don't know him. Never met him. don, don't. I don't. Again, I don't care about any of these politics. If you're funny, you're funny. I don. I'm not interested in like, we, this guy has the funniest clip. I, I, I, listen, I get it. It's about the whole Trump thing, but we gotta like learn to at least laugh a little bit. Even in times of crisis, it keeps us all sane. Drew Don has his bit about the, the Butler. You just listen about what happened with the assassination plot and you tell me at the end, check this out. I All the conspiracy theories come out around it too. don don't know what to believe. All I, all I do know is that if our government tried to do an assassination attempt, that's kind of how it would look.


Okay. It was very inefficient. That was the DMV of assassination attempt. That was, that's not good. They had a very small budget. You could tell they they wanted to do it. It with a grassy knoll at a parade like they were used to. Like, we can't swing that. We gotta do a tin roof at a town fair. That's all we got. Can't get any ex-military people to take the shot. Let's get the kid who came in last place on his marksman team that apparently high schools have marksman teams. I never, We Tried it, dude. That was just one big government block of cheese.


Like that's all that was. Say I was hoping Trump was gonna come out the same day. You're still bleeding and do the press conference. They Tried to shoot me, they tried to shoot me. They went too slow and I'm too fast. I dodged the bullet. They didn't even see it At Drew Dunn comedy. You wanna give him a follow? I laughed. you know, listen, it's a, it, it it's crazy times. Sometimes you need to take, blow some steam off Folks, thanks so much for tuning in. Please download the Rumble app. Rumble is Growing. Rumble Premium is out there for you. If, you want an ad free experience, you can Subscribe. We would love to have you. Helps us fight.


Cancel Culture could also Subscribe to my locals If. you want all three hours of the radio show The button's right there on the Rumble account. Join us every day, 11:00 AM live for free. rumble.com slash bonino rumble.com slash bonino. Download the Rumble app. Also, please give us a follow for our podcast. The Dan Bongino Show on Apple and Spotify means a lot to us. Keeps us on the charts. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.