
Welcome to VINCE Law-Breaking Democrat congresswomen. We have Democrat mayors who are outright racists, and we have illegal aliens who thought they could evade deportation by being inside of sanctuary cities. Well, all of these people are being brought to justice. I've got a massive, massive show for you today. We're also gonna be joined by the great Steve Hilton, who is gonna be joining us, talking a little bit about what it means to be a legal immigrant to the United States of America, and his quest to make the golden state golden. Again, I can't wait for all of it. It's coming up on VINCE, Great to have you with us today.


I have to thank our sponsors today that make all of this possible, including Patriot Mobile, while we have won the 2024 election, the fight to restore this great nation. You know, baby, it's only just beginning. Now's the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. This is a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you're gonna get outstanding nationwide coverage because look, they operate on all three major networks. So If you have cell phone service today, it's very simple. You can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the big, big difference is this. Every dollar that you spend supports a company that believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veterans and our first responders switching so easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US-based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and you can defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


JDD 64 Says on the chat, I can personally do without the interviews May JDD, but I can personally do with the interviews. I can't wait for Steve Hilton today. It's gonna be a good, a good chat with our buddy Steve. I act like he's my good friend. I've met him a couple times. That's it. But I'm looking forward to chatting with him today. Deeply insightful guy. So a lot to, a lot to learn from the great Steve Hilton. But I wanna start today with some fantastic news. The F fo portion of FAFO is now playing out again. We're seeing it again. And, and I love this and I've been calling for this particular thing. It is time to arrest Democrat members of Congress who break the law.


If you break the law, you deserve to be arrested and held accountable. That is critical. And today, Democrat Congresswoman Lamonica MacGyver is finding out the hard way that If you break the law, you will be held accountable. This stems back to this ludicrous incident. Now, a couple weeks ago, outside of the ice facility in New Jersey, the woman in red in this video is Congresswoman Ver. And look at her as he sh she shoves law enforcement now over and over, shoving the cop, striking him with her forearm, trying to push her way into the ice facility.


Look here, slowed down as she there. Do you see the punch she throws? She punches the back of this cop's shoulder. Look, it's not, it doesn't hurt the guy. The guy can take it. She's weak. No question. That's not, it's not gonna be a physical threat to him the way she acted, but that's irrelevant. Did she or did she not break the law? And the answer is yes, she did. Now, you and I knew this. You and I have been rightly saying she needs to be held accountable for this, for these past weeks. And now going into yesterday evening, Monday evening, we get the news that she is being charged with assaulting law enforcement officers, US Attorney Alina Haba. You know her from all of her time working for the president in a personal capacity.


She now is the US attorney up there in Jersey. And she announced the charges and she said that Lamonica ver in the video you just saw, assaulted, impeded, and interfered with law enforcement in violation of all sorts of federal laws. During that confrontation at Delaney Hall Detention Facility, she added in the statement that she's been trying to work with the congresswoman here. Now I, I think she's being too generous. They should have just hit her with charges right away. Cuffer put her on camera, hit her with the charges, send a message. But here's what Alina Hobba did. She was more generous than I would be. She said, I have persistently made efforts to address these issues without bringing criminal charges.


And I've given representative MacGyver every opportunity to come to a resolution. But she has unfortunately declined. She said. She goes on. No one is above the law, politicians or otherwise. So now charges have finally arrived. Now let me make a point about this, about Lamonica MacGyver. Just to emphasize something. I get that you're trying to be deliberative Trump Justice Department, Alina Habb, a US attorney. I get it. Just on things like this where it's crystal clear what's going on. Please move more quickly. Please. There's no reason to negotiate here. You, you need to treat her the way that any other American citizen will be treated if they shoved a cop, if they obstructed justice, if they assaulted a police officer.


Come on. Some of this can be moved on quickly. I know some of this requires a lot more deliberation where you gotta do some research and figure out what's going on and whether or not somebody actually violated the law, whether or not you got the evidence against them. But here, what we want is speed that's commensurate with evidence. You got good evidence. You definitely do. It's on camera. Move fast. Because what you have right now, and this is coming from me, this is coming from the audience that's watching this and listening to this. This is coming from Americans across the country who all voted for President Trump. What you have right now are Americans who are sick and tired of a corrupt system that plays favorites instead of one that treats people equally, follows the constitution and follows the law.


So this is good. This is very good. This is a very good development. But on things like this, open and shut move. Just move, take it out, knock it out, and move on to the next thing. So an encouraging development here as Alina Haba makes this announcement. Now, Christi Noam, the DHS secretary is reacting here as well. She said on X was, or she, she posted a statement which was put on X. She said, after a thorough review of the video footage of Delaney Hall on a full investigation from HSI, the US attorney for the District of New Jersey, has made the determination to charge Congresswoman Lam mc Lamonica MacGyver for assaulting, resisting, and impeding law enforcement officers.


If any person, regardless of political party influence or status, that's the key. Assaults a law enforcement officer. As we witness Congressman MacGyver do, you will be prosecuted Again, that's Christie Noam saying that you will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Okay? This is not negotiate for something else. This is prosecute them at Trump speed. Who said Trump speed, Ms. Devar, you're right. Ms. Devar Trump speed baby. We thank our brave ICE law enforcement officers for their service to this great nation. You know, ice officials are getting threatened like crazy. I think I mentioned it either on the podcast yesterday, on the radio show, but the numbers are way up. Threats to ice officers are up over 400% right now, over 400% because the left is going ballistic.


That we have stopped their party, that we have stopped their chaos, that we voted for a president and law enforcement to ultimately get control of our country against. So the threats to ice officers have skyrocketed. So I repeat what I said yesterday, which is I pray for our ice officers and I issue my heartfelt gratitude to them and their families for doing this work because they're under threat for doing it. Biden, the Biden administration made this country a lot, a lot less safe. Alright, so we get that. Now the left is freaking out about this. These charges for Lamonica MacGyver.


They're freaking out about this. Here's Congressman Fang Fang, he posted on this subject today. He says A red line has been crossed. Trump is prosecuting his political enemies in Congress. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Trump, If you had to pick anyone, it would be Lamonica, MacGyver. How often have you heard that name? Yeah. Oh, he just picked out Lamonica MacGyver, the weakest gazelle. He just wanted to send a message by going after her specifically for no particular reason. No Lamonica MacGyver broke the law. Fang Fang farts out the following. Sorry, sorry. Congressman Fang Fang farts out the following. He says, this is just the beginning. We must take whatever we've done before to show dissent and go one rung higher.


What is that supposed to mean? Swalwell? What kind of threat is that? And he goes on and save your bullshit documents on this, Alina. You'll need them when you testify. Well, I'm here to tell you something, Swalwell, she doesn't have to work that hard to keep the documents because she has all of the documentary evidence and she's gonna wanna retain it because it is totally damning to Lamonica MacGyver who assaulted law enforcement officers. So yes, she's saving her documents. Eric Swalwell. So Swalwell freaking out about this. He's not alone. Congressman Chris Murphy, Senator Chris Murphy. I'm sorry, I gave him a demotion because he deserves one.


He said, this is a really big deal. He's saying this morning I watched the tape. This is a political arrest, pure and simple, an attempt to punish members of Congress for doing oversight of Trump's illegality. Actually, it's not, actually, it's not in any way. First of all, those lawmakers were trying to break their way into a detention center that contained mostly rapists and murderers. Over 70% of the people who were detained there convicted of very violent crimes. Additionally, this was not a pure and simple political arrest or an attempt to punish members of Congress doing oversight. This was holding people accountable for breaking the law.


In fact, Alina Haa, to my chagrin, I started on this issue. She went out of her way to try and figure out a way to work with the congresswoman to resolve all of this without bringing charges. So if anything, the Trump administration has been going too easy on these people. Chris Murphy, whose political career is defined by lying, is doing it again, saying that, oh, somehow this is unjust, it's tyrannical that it's outta control, that Trump is PR punishing, rather, his political opponents not a Trump thing. Trump doesn't do that. Actually, that's a Democrat thing. This is projection on the part of Chris Murphy.


He's been rooting on that type of tyranny for a long time against Republicans against January 6th. Defendants against Catholics, against people singing church hymns outside of abortion mills against the president of the United States and the people who worked for him. It's total garbage. Anyway, so in case you're wondering, is the left acting insane this morning over this? They sure are. And this gets back to a message I I was delivering last week on this subject. Arrest these Democrats for breaking the law. It doesn't matter If you do, the left is going to screech. If you don't, the left is going to screech in either scenario, they're going to screech.


So just do the right thing. Don't gauge your decisions based on how crazy Chris Murphy and Eric Swalwell are going to be. If you do that, you are just gonna be paralyzed. So just do the right thing for the American people. And this is the right thing. Charging Lamonica MacGyver, she deserves this. Now, of course, she herself is saying that this is nothing more than a, a political hit job that people are out to get her and, and on and on. But these guys did the right thing here by charging her. Okay? And she's not alone. We're talk. You wanna know, you wanna know more about the Department of Justice and what they're up to. Well, man, I've got a mountain of receipts for you today.


So now you get the Justice Department going after Democrat Congress, people who are breaking the law. Also, on Monday, the United States Department of Justice opened a civil rights investigation into the Mayor of Chicago, Brandon Johnson, Brandon Johnson, US Department of Justice, opening Civil Rights Investigation into Chicago Mayor Axios with the headline here. They say they've opened an investigation into him. The letter outlines with the Trump administration and some MAGA activists have identified, get ready for the video, have identified as race-based hiring that they say discriminates against white candidates. The DOJ says, the investigation is to determine whether Johnson has violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which bans hiring based on race.


The letter from DOJ, assistant Attorney General Harm Dylan references, remarks Johnson made Sunday at a church on Chicago's South side. Now, there's a lot of delicious things in this, but one of them is crystal clear harm Dylan as the Attorney General for Civil Rights is the right person for this job, because she understands that the Civil Rights Act meant you are not allowed to have racial prejudice against people. You are not allowed to judge people and treat people on the basis of their skin color, on the basis of their race. Now, that is not the way the left has used the Civil Rights Department.


No, somebody said this is a strongly worded letter. It's not, this is not a strongly worded letter. This is a full blown DOJ investigation. There's a difference here. There's a huge difference here. And it, And it matters that a civil rights investigation is being launched on the city of Chicago. It is a big deal. And harm di is right sizing that department within the Department of Justice. Civil Rights law means everyone needs to be treated equally regardless of race. That is not what Brandon Johnson's doing. And in fact, on Sunday, Brandon Johnson was straight up bragging about racial hiring inside of the city of Chicago.


Take a look at cut two here, mayor Brandon Johnson. This is what it got caught saying. What? Push back on me and say, You know, the only thing that mayor talk, the mayor talks about is the hiring of black people. No, what I'm saying is, when you hire our people, we always look out for everybody else. We are the most generous people on the planet. I don't know too many cultures that have play cousins. That's how generous we are. We just make somebody a family member, right? This is how we are. This is how we are. And then he ran off a list of all of the black people who work in the, in the, in the city of Chicago.


He started running off all these officials that he hired because they have black skin. He hired them to these jobs. And he said, because they're black, as you just heard, they are generous, which means they're the right people for the job. This is the mayor of Chicago talking about this openly, openly. And so he goes on, and then he brags about giving out contracts in the city of Chicago based on race. This is a very stupid thing to do if you're an elected official. If you're, if you're the mayor of Chicago, it's a very stupid thing to do in a world where the Justice Department has people who actually care about justice and civil rights law. Take a look here, cut three.


Here's Brandon Johnson bragging about racial contract distribution. And we, we did some expansion at the airport, particularly in the cargo. And do You know, there's never been a prime construction company that has led growth for an airport, particularly in cargo, anywhere in the United States of America. But BOA Construction received the prime construction contract at O'Hare under my administration. It's the first black prime construction worker company to have a prime contract anywhere in the United States of America.


And that's critical, not just for BOA construction, but for the lives that he's gonna transform because he's hiring them. And again, he goes on, he just keeps saying, I hired this black contractor, this black contractor. It's not about that. If you're, if you're a resident of the city of Chicago, the last thing that you should care about or any, any resident, anywhere, the last thing you should care about is what is the race of the person who's providing this service? Why would you start from there? You wouldn't, you wouldn't, you would say whoever's best, who, who can deliver the best product to the lowest price. Save us a lot of money.


Deliver the best quality product. That's the key. That's the key consideration. Whether it's, You know, the products that you buy on a personal level, the work that you want done for your home, anything. And that's not the way government officials operate. He gets other people's money and then he distributes it based on race rather than, than for efficiency and for the good of the people. And by the way, again, importantly, it's a violation of the law. It's a violation of the law. So now the City of Chicago is a civil rights investigation on its hand. So that's, it's a very big deal. And that's that Civil rights department. And the Justice Department has been used for years to abuse, used for years to abuse, You know, normal Americans all over the country.


And crazy, very crazy. Let's go. Brandon just asked, are we gonna talk about the Dan Bonino Cash Patel interview from this last weekend? Well, we did. You missed it. We did a whole show on it on Monday, so you can check out the Monday show. It's right there. Thank you for asking about that. Lemme see, I, I also have some other Justice Department news that I need to get to with you. I'll do that in just a moment. I wanna make sure to thank our sponsors. But the f fo portion of FAFO, boy, oh boy, it's happening with a lot of news dropping Monday, which I was like, I was overjoyed to see. And I, as soon as I saw it, I was like, I gotta tell everybody about it. So that's what we're doing.


Hey, debt doesn't just show up one day. It builds little by little credit cards, car loans, medical bills, suddenly you're juggling payments, feeling stuck. But here's the good news, you're not stuck. You just need a reset. At American Financing. They help homeowners like you every single day. They use your home's equity and then roll that high interest debt into one simple, affordable payment. They're saving homeowners an average of 800 bucks a month. No judgment. No pressure, just real solutions that put you back in control. Imagine breathing again, sleeping again. Knowing your future is yours to shape. It starts with one call. It only takes 10 minutes to get started and there's no upfront fees. So it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. And If you start today, you may be able to delay your next two mortgage payments. America's financing, American financing's, salary based consultants. They're ready to listen and they're ready to help. So take back your peace of mind with American financing. Call American Financing today at (888) 879-6460. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American financing.net/ VINCE NMLS number 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Thank you to American Financing for supporting the show. Yes, indeed.


Okay, so the Justice Department is on the move, which I adore. I love, I love seeing this. This is what I've been waiting for. So much more of this. And so we start, we've got, we've got Lamonica VER arrested. We've got a full blown civil rights investigation into the city of Chicago. Now, additionally, something super interesting is now happening in the sanctuary state of California. Now, You know what a sanctuary state is? A sanctuary district. A state is where criminals go into these jails and they have illegal aliens in their custody. ICE finds out about it. They send what's called a detainer, which is simply a, that's a formal request.


Would you please hand this illegal alien over to us rather than just releasing them into the public? Because we'd like to take them into custody and to deport them. Please. That's what that is. And lefty jurisdictions across the country have been refusing to honor those detainer requests, saying up yours, we're gonna protect the illegal aliens. We're gonna release them back into the country where they're gonna cause a lot more chaos. So in California, there's a new US attorney that President Trump just appointed who is doing something novel and fantastic. And here's what they're up to. He's the, the new US attorney again in California. And this guy, let me, let me share with you, I've got some video here for you.


Yeah, here it is. Cut four. Here's Bill Milus describing how this US attorney is finally able to take illegals who are inside of a sanctuary city jail into custody. This can be a model for the whole country. Take a look In a FOX exclusive. You're watching an incredibly rare interaction as the jail in Los Angeles transfers an illegal alien to ice custody. The sanctuary jurisdiction forced to hand this Mexican national over thanks to a first of its kind federal operation. With This operation. We're gonna be neutralizing California Sanctuary state policies. Bill O Salie is the US attorney in la and the architect of Operation Guardian Angel California is the testing ground on this.


We are one of the largest sanctuary jurisdictions. Alright guys, thanks for circling up. So how does it work? As Saee has created a federal task force made up of ice, H-S-I-F-B, IDEA and a TF all working together out of this office in downtown la. How's his Criminal history? He's got the domestic Violence. They scan these criminal databases daily to find illegal aliens in local jails who have been previously deported from the United States. They have a warrant for the arrest. If they've returned to the us they've committed a federal felony known as illegal reentry. And Assai office will immediately seek a criminal arrest warrant against them, which unlike an ice detainer, sanctuary, jails can't ignore.


Okay, this is excellent. So the, that, that last portion is really, really critical here. Illegal entry for the first time alone into the United States is not a felony, although it's a crime, but it's not a felony. But If you're deported and then you reenter the United States, you have committed a felony. So because these local jurisdictions are trying to avoid working with the feds, it's left to the feds to spend a lot of money and a lot of resources to comb through all of these jail records and look for people who've already been deported and yet are back in the United States. That's it. So what they're finding is these guys are felons.


So they're issuing now legal warrants where they hand these to the jails and the jails have no choice. Once they receive a warrant for this arrest, they can't aid and abbet the escape of someone for whom there's a warrant out for that person's arrest. They don't have a choice here. They don't. And so these sanctuary jurisdictions don't have an option, and they're being put in a stranglehold, which means, and that's, and that's good news, which means people who are the re repeat offenders are the ones who are being collected up now and being deported. So if this is working in California of all places, California, which is a state, and la which is a city whose Democrats are dedicated to helping illegal aliens above and beyond American citizens.


If it's working there, it can work in the whole, the whole damn country. The whole country. So you've got this US attorney who comes in and he says, well, wait a second, why don't we just start issuing warrants for their arrest? Anybody who's a felon, let's take 'em into custody. Wham bam, thank you, ma'am. They're taking 'em into custody, they're getting him outta the country. So now we've got a model in California, usually We got a lot of garbage. That becomes a model in California. It spreads to the rest of the country. This is the opposite of that. This is a golden model for deporting illegals who keep coming back into the country and getting rid of them for good. So that's good. That's very good. I like what I'm seeing and I hope that model spreads across all the, across the country.


And so now you've got attorneys, general deputy attorneys, general, US attorneys, they're all exercising the Trump agenda here. They're doing exactly what you voted for. And that brings me to another deportation story that took place on Monday. On Monday, the Department of Homeland Security yesterday launched its first project, homecoming charter flight. It's the first self deportation flights headed to Honduras and Columbia. This is where people go on the app that the Trump administration launched CBP home. And they say, I am here illegally. I agree to work with you to get out of the country in the hopes that maybe one day I can come back.


Remember, the Trump administration says, If you don't sign up on the app, If you don't self deport, If you don't register, we're coming for you. We will catch you. We will deport you. These are your options. Take a look. Here's cut five. These are the first self deportation flights, according to the Department of Homeland Security out to Honduras and Columbia. Look at this. So people are arriving, they're packing up their things, they're getting on board the flights, and they're leaving. Now this arrangement is saving the United States a tremendous amount of money. And yes, they're offering, they're offering the flights out. They're, they're transporting 'em out of the country. They're giving them a thousand dollars in in spending cash for the process.


Both the United States has secured arrangements with both Honduras and Columbia to provide social services for the people who are coming back. This is way beyond the generosity that we even need to do. And yet we're doing it. And it's at an immense cost savings to the American people. And it costs a lot more to send teams in to try and find illegals, take them into custody, and then ultimately deport them. Have them in detention. The whole thing costs way more money than the Trump administration is spending now. So this is what they're offering. They're saying, look, we've got this generous deal for you, generous deal for you. You can take it. We could do this the easy way, or we could do this the hard way. And so the easy way video just came out.


Look at that. And people are gonna see that. And they think, okay, I'd rather take the way where my kids handed a teddy bear and then we're put onto a flight and then we're flown back to our home country instead of everybody gets arrested and thrown into a detention center and then ejected from the United States of America. So these are your options. These are your options. Very big love seeing that. Okay, so the problems in California, the problems with illegal aliens, the problems in our country right now, president Trump addressing them, you voted for him on that basis. Coming up, I wanna talk with Steve Hilton. We'll have a chat with him about running for governor of the state of California and what it's like to be an immigrant, an an American immigrant to the United States.


He became an American citizen. He adores this country. What he makes out of, of all the people who've done it the wrong way, and why the left is so aggressively protecting them, protecting them at the expense of American citizens like you, me and Steve Hilton. More ahead here on VINCE.


I gotta thank our sponsors. That includes Brick House Nutrition. They're amazing. Brick House nutrition is so good. This doesn't happen often. So you're gonna wanna jump in on this brick house. Nutrition's Memorial Day sale is on right now. So for look, a limited time, you can actually save 25% off everything with my code Memorial 25, Memorial 25 is that easy. That includes Lean, that's the weight loss supplement that targets the goals of GLP one injections with without any needles or prescriptions. People are seeing real results and they love that it curbs their cravings. So check out the reviews. Also on sale is Brick House, nutrition's Field of Greens. This is a massive hit in my family. I love Field of Greens. It's the super fruit and vegetable drink that literally promises your doctor is going to notice your improved health or your money back. So whether it's collagen, creatine, amazing stuff, or any of their other doctor formulated products, it's all on sale. So go to brick brickhouse nutrition.com, use the Code Memorial 25 and you'll get 25% off. That's brickhouse nutrition.com. Brickhouse nutrition.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, or cure, or prevent any disease. And it is not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Thank you to Brickhouse Nutrition. Great, great people.


And thank you also to jacked up fitness. You know, more and more Americans are prioritizing their wellness and getting back in shape. Yeah. Who wants to just sit at home and be slovenly, get in shape. Baby Studies prove that strength training does more to help burn fat than cardio alone. And that's why I'm very pleased to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class, and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to an entirely new level. You see the power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. It's a stunning machine. A stunning machine that features a completely upgraded cable crossover system. It's got an articulating pulley arm, it gives you unlimited width combinations to hit every muscle group. And if you're new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that has full body video workouts. You just press play and then you follow along. Really, no more excuses. I love my Jacked Up fitness machine. You're gonna adore yours. Let's do this together. Go to get jacked up.com. Sign up for their free training program, and when you are ready to purchase your own Power X Power Rack Pro X, use my promo code VINCE, and you'll save 10%. That's get jacked up.com promo code, VINCE? Yes indeed.


All right, fellas, are, is my guest ready? Is he here with me today? Oh, he will be ready in, in just 30 seconds. Well, lemme say hello to the chat. Love the the Rumble Chat. For those of you who are listening on the podcast, you can join us live rumble.com/ VINCE. We do the show here every day, 10 o'clock Eastern. And then of course, I do the radio show that's from 12 to 3:00 PM Eastern Time every single day. I've got the radio listings now up on the VINCE show.com. So If you have a local radio station you're looking to listen to, you wanna find me there. Hundreds of radio stations all across the fruited plane. You can find it there, the VINCE show.com. Where to listen, just click that link or just come to rumble.com/ VINCE and we can hang out together.


I'm on video here. Love doing that. Somebody, did somebody ask about an American flag? We wanna add, by the way, we wanna add an American flag to this studio. It's kind of a feature of all of our studios here at Silver Lock. We're gonna add, I'm gonna add one of those like, You know, schoolhouse flags, You know, one that you see might maybe behind the President of the United States, just on a stand Right behind me. It'll be in the corner of this room. Somebody has to measure it. I think that was the, the upside, right Isaac? We were just waiting on measurements. Yeah, somebody's got, it's not that hard. Literally just like one measuring tape and boom, we're done. It's the easiest analysis ever. But everybody's so busy. We gotta, we still have to get to that. We'll get an American flag in here. Thank you very much to the chat. All right, let us now check in with our great guest, the excellent Steve Hilton joins us on.


VINCE, Steve is now running for governor of California and man California would become truly golden again if Steve Hilton gets the gig. Steve, good to have you with us, sir. So great to be with you. How you doing? I'm doing fantastic. I was, I started this show today talking about all of the progress that the Justice Department is making. They just arrested. Yeah. Or they charged Congresswoman Lamonica ver for assaulting a law enforcement officer. They, they're hold, they opened a civil rights investigation against the mayor of Chicago for hiring based on race, You know, rather than, than merit. And we're watching self deportation flights from the Department of Homeland Security now start to take place yesterday.


It does feel like, at least to me, Steve, that America is healing. What do, what do you make of all of this? It's an Amer it's an amazing demonstration of, of, of the power and effectiveness of government when you've got people in charge who have really clear convictions, know what they want to do, and are not afraid of using the authority of government to do the right things. And that shouldn't be unusual because that's how it should work all the time. But we've, it, there's been such a absence of that, of course, at the national level under the Biden administration. But this, this is what you see in, in states like California, just nothing happening.


And people in charge just tolerating law breaking and, and total flouting of our basic values. And it just goes on year after year to the point where people just assume that's the way it's gonna be. So when you see this new Trump administration, it still is new. I mean, that's what's amazing. They've done so much that, You know, just an extreme like they've packed like eight years worth of administration into a few months. Yeah. It still is new. And they're just totally reminding us what government should be like and how it should behave. And this is, that should be the norm. And it's so refreshing to see.


It is very refreshing to see what do you make about, of the, the new revelations about Joe Biden having this, this dire form of prostate cancer, which they just announced over the weekend. I don't, it doesn't look like there's a person on the left or the right right now who thinks that this was just discovered over the weekend. Everyone's sort of admitting Yeah, this was probably known for years. I mean, this, the, just, just that whole Biden saga. Boy, didn't that just enhance Yeah. Distrust in governance entirely. 100% in governance, in the political system, in the media. I mean, of course we should express our, You know, sympathy for him in, in his immediate medical condition, his family.


That's all true. But there, there must be zero sympathy for him or his family or his aides or any of these people on a, on a kind of basic political level because they knew all this, right? They knew all this about him. They knew that he was senile. That was obvious to all of us. By the way, before the 2020 election on my show, when he was a candidate, the first time round, I would run weekly segments. We, I think we called it the, the Biden comedy segment. I mean, it wasn't funny, but it kind of was funny. But you could see before the 2020 election, he wasn't fit to be president, but they pushed him anyway, the, the because of, and his vanity, his narcissism, ego and ambition all the people around him.


And then once he was there, it was very evident he couldn't do the job mentally. Now we know that he had cancer, very serious cancer. The idea that yeah, this exactly Zeke Emanuel saying, there's no way that this just, You know, popped up in the last few months. And it's just an absolute outage that this happened. That we had a president who clearly wasn't capable of doing the job. It's an outrage. And then of course, Kamala Harris, because she wanted to play the game. Yeah. So that, You know, she could one day win the game totally ignoring her own responsibility to do something about this. These people are, it is just an absolute scandal. And so it must be properly investigated, this coverup of the boat and the, the mental health condition of Biden, but now the physical health condition as well.


Unbelievable that this happened. Steve, You know, you've, you've met and, and dealt with world leaders. What do you think they think of the difference between Biden and Trump? It must be like a huge culture change to have to work with a president of the United States who's actually active in thinking and in charge. Yes. And I, and I, I'll give you a story. I mean, but, but the really horrifying thing, just to go back to Kamala Harris for a moment, is that we had two people at the top who were basically incapable of doing the job. I'll, I'll get to Kamala Harris in a second. I've got a specific story about that. But of course you see Biden, I mean, to me, one of the most, You know, chilling details of the revelations.


Actually this wasn't in, in the, the new set of revelations, this came out last year, was that Biden in his one-to-one meetings with senior officials, including there was a specific example cited of the defense secretary. The meetings were scripted, one-to-one meetings. This is not like he's going out in public and needs to make a speech. This is an internal meeting with the defense secretary. And, and the meeting is scripted. They think what is going on? And that's all published. So the pe people around the world know, of course they see him, all the stories about him falling asleep and, and, and being incapable. Yes. And they just think, well, I suppose we have to deal with the aids then.


But getting back to Kamala Harris, I, someone on the, on the world stage told me that they were in a meeting, a one-to-one meeting with her on, I believe the topic was the AI and the future of ai. And she basically read everything from, from notes that were written for her, couldn't engage in a conversation. She's the vice president, said what? It's the, the, the laughing stock that this makes America. And of course, now we have this strong swaggering leadership again, which is what we should expect from America and what the world should expect from America. But I mean the, these last four years okay, was so shocked.


Yes. They were all, so back to the, the president now and, and his efficiency and how quickly he's moving. Another story that we just went over this hour is the fact that the US attorney in LA is now successfully deporting illegals by saying, look, If you entered the country twice, you're guilty of felony reentry. Yes. So he is now issuing warrants to local jails, taking illegals into custody and getting rid of them. This is something that wasn't being done before. There were detainer requests being sent by ice to these jails in California. But being a sanctuary state, they said up yours, we're not giving you these illegals. What, how much of a difference does this make that you actually have a US attorney who's doing his job and taking people into custody?


Well, it's a fantastic example. I mean, I know him very, very well. He's a friend of mine, actually. Really good guy. And he's also really diving, I'm speaking to you from LA right now, and You know, just arriving here yesterday evening, you still have this kind of the third world conditions of, You know, that, that shame us with the homelessness and so on. And of course, the US attorney is also has launched an investigation into that, into where the billions of dollars of taxpayer money went. Given that we still have these appalling conditions. But it's again, an example of how, again, it's just enforcing the law. This is, this is not some outlandish political ideology at work.


It is like the basic principle that we should all expect that we have laws and we should enforce force them. I mean, here in California, you have a situation where, You know, the Democrats who've been in charge now for 15 years, they love passing laws. You're amazing at passing laws. Thousands of new laws every year coming out of the state legislature. They seem to have some aversion to actually enforcing the law. And, and so you have at the federal level now, thanks to President Trump, someone who's aggressively doing that. And it just sends a but it shows you the possibility. And my argument is imagine if we had that at the state level in California, how quickly we could actually turn things around in California.


Yes. Which has gone so far off the rails because of this far left ideology. Yes. So what has illegal immigration done to California? Because my impression of that state is one of the reasons it's become quote more blue through the years is because it's been one of the, the primary magnets for this type of illegal immigration into the United States for decades. What, what, how has illegal immigration affected the golden state? Well, it's, it's contributed to every single one of the dire problems that people face here. So the, the number one issue, If you actually look at the data on why people are leaving California, the number one reason is the housing crisis.


Because it's so insanely expensive to live here. We have the highest housing costs in the country because there's, because of a very simple supply and demand problem population going up, not enough housing being built. But why is the population going up? Here's a point that Gavin Newsom, like Kevin Newsom the other week, launched a new fact checking website because he obviously hasn't got enough to do, You know, being governor. He's launching a podcast and then he launched a new website. The first target of his fact checking website was me. And he accused me of lying when I said that people are leaving California. 'cause he said, our population is going up.


Well, I looked at the numbers, our population is going up, but it's not because people are moving to California or not leaving, it's because of illegal immigration. That's why our population's going up. And you see the impact of that in the schools, in the public schools where you have so many students now in, in public schools that don't speak English. Of course, that's affecting the education of everyone else. Our budget deficit just now, why $12 billion? He's put in the budget. That's the size of our deficit for illegal immigrant healthcare. When you have people struggling here to make ends meet, I mean, it's just an insult to every Californian.


So, so Gavin Newsom very desperately and obviously wants to be the president of the United States. There's no question about that. How dangerous would it be for him to become president in your view? So you, you have to just look at the, the details of, of what, what goes on with Gavin Newsom. There's been a lot of misreporting last week, for example, about Gavin Newsom's move to becoming more moderate as it is running for president, which he's clearly intending to do. Number one, it was the media just bought his BS last week that he's finally getting tough on homelessness. Of course. That's what he wanted people to, to write.


He issued model ordinances. This was a week ago, which was reported as getting tough on homelessness. If, first of all, he wasn't doing anything. He was like a list of suggestions, no action at all. Secondly, If you actually look at them, read what he put out. He wasn't talking about removing homeless encampments. He was talking about moving them, literally moving them, and specifically 200 yards every three days. That's what he actually put out. His budget was reported as reigning back on illegal immigrant healthcare. What we've just been discussing. But If you look in the detail of the budget, yeah, he actually increased spending on it.


You look at what he said to Charlie Kirk about biological men and girls sports being deeply unfair. What's he done about that? Nothing. Weeks after he said that there was legislation in the state legislature put forward by Republicans that would've banned that, which he just told us he thought was deeply unfair. What did he do about it? Nothing. The truth about Gavin Newsom is he is not particularly, it's not that he's far left, it's not that. It's that he's nothing. He's a classic machine politician. Just like Biden, just like Kamala Harris, just like Karen Bass in la they don't believe in anything.


They don't have any convictions. They just go along with whatever's, wherever the power is. And that's the most dangerous thing in a politician. They're weak. They don't believe in anything. They won't stand up for anything. That means they get pushed around. Nothing happens. And the, and the bureaucracy, the machine, the activists, the unions, whoever's got the power rolls all over them. Yes. So in other words, they can be just like, Biden, this is great. I'm glad you're, I'm going down that road because they can be bought and paid for. And the effect of that is to serve individual interests at any given moment. But in the end, it's not good for us because there is no underlying principle. There is no thematic consistency. There is no loyalty to the country, and the end result is just pure chaos.


100%. And it's very important, I've always thought in politics to to, to be accurate in your criticisms, not just make sort of sweeping insults that aren't true. And so when, but when I hear people say, oh, Gavin new, some far left, he's not far left. He's not, he's not anything. And that, that's why it's really dangerous. It's actually worse than, than someone like a Bernie who really clearly does believe in the far left socialist agenda. At least You know what you're dealing with. And he's sincere about it. But with these machine politicians like Newsom Biden have, they're all the same. They're the most dangerous Exactly. To say. They can be bought, they can be corrupted by whatever is, You know, in power with the money. The power. That's why the union, it's the unions run.


I, I was yesterday With in, in a meeting With in Andout per the, the, the, the owner of In-N-Out Berg and the executive team, they are being completely assaulted almost to death by Gavin Newsom and the unions. Why is Gavin Newsom teaming up with the unions to assault one of our iconic businesses in California? Because they pay him to do that. Did they give him donations? And that's why he's increasing spending on government bureaucrats even when we have a deficit in his budget. Last week he increased spending on state bureaucrats by 18%. Why? Because they're his biggest donors, the government unions. So Steve Hilton, what are your chances that you can prevail in this, in this run?


I mean, you're not, I I know you're, you're not doing it because you don't think you have a chance. But I think a lot of people look at California and they think any chance of electing a guy like Ronald Reagan or even Pete Wilson, that, that those days are in the yesteryear in California. Can California be turned around? Yeah. Yes. The answer is yes. And and I always say put, put it the same way. I think it's very difficult to win, but not impossible. You've got the in and therefore we should try because we can't just let California slide further into decline and chaos. It's our biggest state in terms of population economy. It's an iconic state. It represents so much of what America should be.


I've, I say often California means to America what America means to the world. The very best of the are great American values. So it's worth fighting for. Look, you saw in 2024 signs of progress, 10 counties flipped from blue to red. You saw the ballot initiatives on many issues. Go Republicans way, president Trump got more votes than any Republican president for a generation. If everybody who vote, if all the Trump voters in California come out for me, I'll win. The real point is this, though, yeah, the 2026 election in California is gonna be about change. It's obvious that we need change. And so if they put up someone like Kamala Harris or any of these Democrats, to be honest, their record is so terrible in California.


I think the basic argument that we can't go on like this, that, that this is not okay. And even If you elect a Republican governor, the Democrats will still control the legislature. So it's just a bit of balance, right. That we are calling for. I think these are really powerful arguments and I'm very confident I can make it. All right. Well, Steve Hilton rooting for you, brother and always appreciate you coming on. Good to talk to you today. Best of luck because that's a beautiful state. Thanks so much that we once knew it as manifest destiny, then the left turned it into Tran Fest. Destiny. I think we can, I think we can make it great again. I really do. Steve Hilton. Thank you. I love it. Thanks a lot Byebye for the VINCE.


Thank you. There we go. There's Steve Hilton. Yeah, California. It is a gorgeous state, man. The left takes nice things and they screw it up, don't they? They really do. It's we see that. We see that a lot. Our thanks to Steve Felton. We'll keep following the progress over there. Gavin Newsom. Oh my God. That greasy guy wants to be the president of the United States. Keep him far away. Hey, I, I wanna get back to some other Justice Department type things for a moment with you, James Comey, who called for 86 ing the president of the United States. And he is like, well, I had no idea what it means. I I just thought it was a random political message. Really?


You, you happened upon 8, 6, 4 7 on the beach, written out in shells. Come on, stop it. You, you obviously were laying your goofy seven foot gangly ass on the beach putting shells down. Oh look. Eight six, four seven. Great. Call me. Broke his silence yesterday. And he went on where else NBC to talk about what was really happening. Here he is. Cut six, take a look. You are Back in the middle of a political firestorm. Yeah. For walking on the beach with my wife. So I don't know how we ended up here. Never occurred to me that it was any kind of controversial thing, but that's the time we live in. Oh, shut Up. So take me back to the walk on the beach.


We were walking on the beach. We went to the beach to prepare for this week, which was the launch of my book. And to think about the book and to prepare to ask answer questions about it. And we were walking back The Road and we saw in the sand someone had arranged shells with numbers. And Patrice, my wife said, why would someone put an address in the sand? And I said, I don't know. And we stood over it and I said, You know, I think it's some kind of address like political message. And she said, You know, 86 when I was a server, she did a lot of work in restaurants, meant to remove an item from the menu when you ran out of ingredients. And I said, well, to me as a kid, it always meant to leave a place to ditch a place. I said, that's really clever. These are his alibi. So she said, just take a picture of that. And I did. And then I posted it on my Instagram account and thought nothing more of it until I heard he was laughing about it, that people were saying it was some sort of a call for assassination, which is crazy.


But I took it down. I don't, even if I think it's crazy, I don't want to be associated with violence of any kind. I mean, what a bunch of horse crap. Do You know how many excuses he baked into like four sentences? He was like, we were just thinking about the book. My wife thought it was an address. She said that it meant to get something out of a restaurant. I just thought it was to get rid of, I took a picture, I was smart enough to detect what 47 meant, but I didn't really know what the 86 meant. And I posted a picture, this is so contrived. This is like, I think so I saw somebody in the chat indicate that it's kind of like a teenager trying to cook up an excuse for something that they clearly are lying about.


And that's James Comey, old slippery Comey trying to lie on national television, doing it with a woman who is a loyal lick fiddle to the James Comey segment of the world. And she's just letting him do it. You know, national tv, no pushback whatsoever. How about what? Are you nuts? Aren't you an adult? Aren't you in your sixties? Why are you, first of all, why are you even posting pictures of seashells on Instagram? Let's start there. Why are you doing that? And that's James Comey. So Comey wants you to think there's really no problem here. There's, there's look. It's just, it's just silliness. I didn't mean anything bad by it. You know what's happened.


You know what's happened since then? He has started a dangerous trend. Pull this up. Dan Bonino, the deputy director of the FBI posting last night quote. We are now dealing with copycats sending cryptic threats, cryptic threats to public figures using the 86 reference. Whether they turn out to be legitimate threats or not. Taxpayer funded public safety agents are gonna have to run these all out and investigate them. This is, this is a reminder of the damage self-serving individuals. He's talking about James Comey ready self-serving individuals with a history of extremely poor judgment can do when they fail to control their impulses.


So yeah, once again, kind of like a teenager, an impulsive child, seven feet tall in his sixties doing shell art on the beach and then posting pictures to Instagram about how much he hates Trump. 86 47 the adult man posted. And now the effect of that is not one to laugh at. The effect of that is now that he's inspired a whole bunch of other people to make these kinds of threats against the president of the United States and other government officials, way to go, James flipping Comey. This is what you've done. No laughing matter whatsoever. So that's Comey's legacy. Comey keeps doing that. Also, you notice in that audio, he just kept talking about his book.


He's like, well my book's coming out, we're walking on the beach. I was thinking about my book and we were thinking about some book stuff and I thought maybe we should do something about the book. And then the book came up and we were thinking about the book. So for those of you who were suspecting that, oh, this is just a book promotion tour, not an excuse to to, to go on the beach and post 86 47, though, You know I'm not falling into his trap by covering him as the jackass that he is. He deserves that. But there you go. So Dan Bonino with an important warning that the FBI has detected a lot of threats as a result of Comey's horrific behavior, whether it was to sell a book or not. Pretty gross. Also, Joe Biden's cancer diagnosis.


We've heard from both the president and the vice president on this subject. I'll start with Vice President Vance, because this has happened chronologically in that order. Vice President Vance, heading back from Italy, going to the Pope's Mass over the weekend. Here it is. Cut. Eight JD Vance, reacting to Joe Biden's cancer diagnosis. Oh, no, you don't. Speaking of Joe Biden, sir, do you have any thoughts on Sure. His diagnosis? Yeah, look, I mean, first of all, of course we, we wish the best for the former President's health, and, You know, it sounds pretty serious, but, but hopefully he makes the right recovery. Like IIII will say whether the right time to have this conversation is now or at some point in the future, we really do need to be honest about whether the former president was capable of doing the job.


And that's, that's no, You know, that, that you can separate the desire for him to have the right health outcome with a recognition that whether it was doctors or whether there were staffers around the former president, I don't think he was able to do a good job for the American people. And that's, Yeah. Yeah. No, it was who was doing the job? Who was president of the United States. Now, president Trump has also reacted to this. I'll, I'll skip yesterday's reaction because I've got a new reaction from him this morning. He, president Trump is asking the, the, the core questions, wait a second. When did they know about this diagnosis? Why was this being kept from the American people? And this morning, in a visit to Congress, president Trump is trying to get the big beautiful Bill pass.


So you're gonna see in this video in just a moment, he's standing alongside Speaker Mike Johnson. But he says, hold up a second. How many laws and pardons were signed by Autopen at a time when Joe Biden wasn't even a functioning human being? And does that mean these laws are invalidated? Take a look here. I've got this on my screen. I've got President Trump standing along, speaker Mike Johnson. Here it is. No doubt what happened, because Biden, look, it's a very sad thing what happened. But I really we're to start looking into this whole thing with who signed this legislation? Who signed legislation opening our border. I don't think he knew.


I said, there's nobody that could want an open border. Nobody. And now I find out that it wasn't him. He autopen it. Who was operating the auto pend? This is a very serious thing. We had a president that didn't sign anything. He auto penned almost every, he opened the borders of the United States of America. And I kept saying, who would do such a thing? Allowing criminals to bore in from all over the world, not just South America, all over the world. They came in from Africa, they came in from Asia, they came from the Congo. The, the prisons in the Congo in Africa. These are rough, rough people. The prisons from the Congo are empty. You know where they are. They're in this country.


Who would sign this? Nobody would sign it. No sane person would sign it. No sane person. You know, who signed it? Radical left lunatics that were running our country. And the Autopen signed it and they didn't want him. And they were disappointed in getting him because they wanted Bernie Sanders. And then after about two weeks, they said, wait a minute. This is a gift. He'll do anything. We're gonna use the auto pen. Yep. And they used the autopen and everything. He didn't approve this stuff because when Joe Biden was with it, he would never have approved it. You take a look, he would've never approved open voters. Go ahead. Another The Autopen presidency. The Autopen presidency needs to be invalidated.


Ed Martin, the pardon attorney, the head of the weaponization task force in the Justice Department, just told us on this program, you heard it here first, that he's looking in to all of these pardons signed by the auto pen by, we now know a deeply unhealthy Joe Biden's presidency. Oh, Biden wasn't doing it. Somebody else was. We'll keep following it.


Thanks for tuning in to VINCE today. The VINCE show coming up 12 to three nationwide. You can watch it at rumble.com/ VINCE, great to have you with us as always.