
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Do you guys ever see that? Rob Snyder comedy Bit about Dude the Thousand Ways or whatever to say, dude, you know, as a serial killer around the corner, you're like, dude, guy says something crazy in front of a bunch of friends. You're like, dude, this News Weekend is one of those dude, what the hell just happened? I'm gone a couple days. I do an interview on Friday, get to that in a second. Rumbles going crazy. Partners up with Tether. Massive $775 million investment free speech has taken off.


The parallel economy is getting shoved right up the coms, the Panama Canal. Trump wants to take it back. He's talking about buying Greenland again. Barden Biden pardons, a bunch of child killers. This is like, oh, and then finally the media admits what you've known the entire time that Joe Biden's cognitively impaired. You're like, no, ju luck, right? This has been the, now you see why I had to do a Monday show during Christmas week. I, I can't let this go. I can't let this go. I got a lot to talk about today. A bunch of big cool announcements. Stay tuned.


Hey, MyPillow is glad to announce their Christmas extravaganzas. Finally here, get the season's flannel sheets for as low as 59 point 98. They won't less long. Get 'em while you can. The famous My Slippers, which I love, they haven't been on sale for over a year. Regularly priced. One 19 point 98 and only 59 98 6 piece towel sets back in stock. Extremely limited quantities. Only 29 98 with hundreds of MyPillow products is something for everyone on your Christmas list. From bathrobes, duvets, quilts, down comforters and so much more. Don't forget the classic collection pillows at wholesale pricing for a standard MyPillow only 1488 Queen Sign, 1888. Upgrade to a king for just a dollar more body pillows for just 29 98 multi-use pillows. 9 88. Go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Be sure to use promo code, Dan to save on all the MyPillow products. For example, flannel Sheets results 59 98 6 piece towel sets 29 98. But that's not all. They're extending their 68 money back guarantee until March 1st, 2025. All orders over $75 or more. Ship absolutely free. Go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan.


Alright fellas, let's go. This is the Christmas bell. Merry Christmas to everybody. I, this is for me. I mean I still love what the Figa, I know it's a little surprise. It fell off. I, okay, so gee run. Gee has a little Christmas surprise for everybody. They taped it to the microphone. This is for all of you listeners out there in the Bino army. Gee's got a Christmas Zi. Of course his head is typically big enough to support the weight of the hat, but Zi says, Hey everyone, Merry Christmas or Frank ese. Frank's like, Christmas is on 1225. He's like, and that's four days ahead of eight.


Eight. And the four days is four Lunar eclipses from a bunch of white supremacist events. So Zi, Merry Christmas from Faze Faze heads. I don't have no avita. Alright, sit there. This was DaVita's hat. No, this was your hat. Oh, this was me for you. All right, just for you guys. I usually don't do dorky stuff, but whatever. It's a little Santa for. Is it okay? Am I allowed to be a little dorky for a little bit? The wait, maybe put the thing on the other side like this way lean right a little bit. What do you think? Is that better? Ho, ho, ho from the Bonino Show? Yeah. Hey that, gee, I thought that was a Vita's thing. A Vita's always doing stuff like that. Dressing up for Halloween.


Look at his Rumble stock going crazy. By the way, did you miss what happened with Rumble this week? I'm gonna get to a little bit later. Massive investment from Tether, a cryptocurrency company out there that I really like. Ladies and gentlemen, we are in amazing shape. The parallel economy is growing. Now I gotta get to some news. Wait, wait. One quick thing too. I don't mean to be a little scatterbrained at the beginning of the show, but you guys in the chat, I want to thank you. All the listeners, folks, you guys have made a real difference. The shirts, the cutesy time is over shirt and all the stuff you guys buy at store, do bonino.com, we the Bonino family, we do not take profits from that.


We then we donate them to charity. Of course there's administrative costs, we gotta buy the shirts and stuff, but we we're gonna announce it later on the radio show today. But for the podcast listeners before the holiday Folds of honor, which is a great charity scholarships for the children of men and women heroes who are killed in combat first responders, a hundred thousand dollars we're donating to them. Ladies and gentlemen, that is you. That is not me. So thank yourselves. Don't thank me. Merry Christmas, folds of honor, folds of honor.org if you wanna donate. It's an amazing charity. Dan Rooney, you'll be on my radio show later. $50,000 to Samaritan's Purse from the baseball signed Donald Trump baseball sale that's going down today too.


Also a hundred thousand in local charities here. That's all thanks to you guys. So from the bottom of my heart in this Christmas season, thank you so very much. So big, huge monster freaking News weekend. Apparently we're taking back the Panama Canal and make it another bit on Greenland, by the way, both of which are great ideas. In case you missed it. Donald Trump at Am Fest, the Panama Canal and Panama's been screwing us over for a long time. I spent a lot of time in Panama, like a lot of time, like a lot, a lot of time outside of the United States. There's nowhere I've spent more time than Panama. In my last line of work, Jenna Bush was writing a book over there. Most of the book was stationed, was done in Panama. So we were down there for a long time.


Folks were getting just screwed. And Donald Trump, I told you was transactional. He's like, just like he told nato, you're not gonna screw us over anymore. And for all the lefties, like, oh my gosh, what is he trying to start a war with with Panama? Number one, no he's not. Number two, it wouldn't even be a war. And I'm not a big global interventionist. We shouldn't be invading Panama. No one's even talking about that. This is how Donald Trump negotiates. This is just how he negotiates. He comes with a maximalist position and then if we get 50% of what he wanted, it's actually a hundred percent more than anyone else got in the past. That's how it's done. Everybody needs to wake up and smell the roses. This is how it's gonna get done. The United States under Joe Biden got trampled on and those days are over.


Having said that, the damage from the Biden presidency sadly, has not ended. Folks, this is, I'm, I'm sorry, in the Christmas week to have to deliver some bad news. But I figured we'll get it out in the beginning of the show. What the, was this guy thinking? Biden commutes the sentences of child killers. This is New York po put up the New York Post article for me. Guys that census of child killers are mass murders two days before Christmas. Like whose freaking stupid idea was that Folks, when I say whose idea was that? I'm asking for a reason because now the mainstream media hilariously is now all recognizing what we knew the entire time.


Joe Biden is not cognitively all there. This was obvious. The videos were there, the audio was there. The, the the leaked anonymous sources from the White House. How much more of, so I say to the liberals out there who were pretending forever, they didn't know Joe Biden was cognitively compromised. Again, how much more of this are you willing to take? Who made the decision to pardon a bunch of, of of child murderers? It probably wasn't. Joe Biden, here's the craziest take of all. Here's Chris Aliza. You know what? Put the Washington Post Up article first with Aliza. This guy probably makes how this guy has survived in, you know, journalism this long is stunning.


Here's Cism the Washington Post. Two weeks before the election in 2016, Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero by Chal. The guy is supposed to be a political prognosticator and some kind of journalist with at least some mild predictive powers. This guy has screwed up everything forever. Why? Because they just, they're propagandists. Here's a video of solicitor that busted out last week. I want you to see apologizing now for not reporting on Biden's cognitive disorder. And I'm gonna say to solicitor, listen, this isn't personal. I don't dislike you, I don't like you, I don't care. I'm just telling you dude, you are a joker.


But no one accepts your apology. Everybody knows it's insincere. Everybody knows the signs. We're sitting right in front of their face and you're just trying to salvage what's left of you are already broken. Reputation. No, no, we're done. Watch this. Republicans would regular, regularly ping me and say, why don't you ask more questions to Joe Biden and how he's doing. He's 76, 77, 70 8-year-old man. And I would sort of brush them off because what I would say is, well, there's no obvious evidence that he's declining. Yeah, he moves a little slower, he talks a little slower, but there's no evidence that he's declining. And, and the White House and the people around Joe Biden were absolutely adamant that suggesting anything, asking the question about whether he was in some physical, mental, or both decline was offensive.


How could you, it's age shaming. And I think that impacted me at some level because while I did ask the question from time to time of, you know, not directly the White House but AIDS and, and people around in that orbit, I didn't really push on it, Bro. It's your freaking job to push on it. You know guys, when the Stewart Thompsons of the world from the New York Times critiqued this show and they say, Dan spends an inordinate amount of time correcting left wing media bs, but he says it no more using euphemisms and stuff. 'cause he doesn't want you to know the left wing is full of bs.


There's a reason for it. I feel a responsibility. I, I do. I mean I know that this, you know, the show can be fiery. I get it sometimes the language, I'm promise I'm working on it. It's a hard thing that it's a Queen's thing and I know sometimes we joke around sarcasm and some humor. But I'm as serious as a heart attack when I tell you that I am absolutely committed to my audience being the best informed. There is nothing you can tweet out or put on true social that pleases me more and puts a smile on my face when someone tweets out something like I, they're all, they put my last name in it. When someone says to someone, yeah man, I already knew that I listened to Bonino six months ago. I, there is nothing that pleases me more.


Unfortunately we live in a country where people with a lot of eyeballs into ear lobes, the left wing comm media, they still have 'em lie to you all the time. You expect me to just sit back here and let the country be misinformed. It's a political podcast folks. How much more of this BS are you gonna take? Here's a quick example before I get back to this Biden story. Now all of a sudden the media's like, oh my gosh, we didn't know. We didn't know he was cognitively impaired. I got into it a little bit with a a, not so much a liberal friend but a friend on the left side but not far left. And he was trying to make the case that collusion was bad. They acknowledged it that the collusion, the Russia collusion hoax, you get what I'm saying?


It was a bad thing. He was making the case readily. But the person said to me, which I kind of found funny because they just don't know what they're talking about. This person said to me, yeah but it didn't really impact the 2016 election because nobody mentioned Russian collusion before the election. So how would it impact the election? I said, bro, do you guys do any homework at all? See, my audience knows that's BS and they're way ahead of it. Here's the receipt right here. New York Magazine, November 1st, 2016, for those of you liberal le liberal lunatics can't follow dates. That's before the November election in 2016. Go look this article up final October, surprises revealed the FBI is probing Trump's alleged.


Russia does. I mean, what do you guys do? You guys know anything ever? No. That everything you say is everything all the time. Here's another one. Everybody's upset on the left. Lemme get back to the Biden thing in a second. But it is important. Everybody's upset now on the left or pretending to be upset. They're fo upset. It's all AstroTurf. They're like, oh my gosh, Elon in the billionaire class, they've got this profound effect on the Republican party. Okay, so now you care about billionaires influence in politics. After billionaire George Soros and his Soros empire and his son Alex spent hundreds of millions of dollars to get a bunch of left wing city state's attorneys and das in office that let criminals rampage do American cities.


There's a woman who set on fire in the New York City subway. Don't even watch that video. This is all because of left wing das and a billionaire. And now the liberals are upset that a billionaire who's not even that right lean, he's more of a libertarian, is allowed to exercise his free speech rights libs at TikTok. Put this the best OMG. I can't believe a billionaire has influence in the Republican party. Here's the very same people. Here's a little photo montage for you of the Soros crew with just about every major influential Democrat party player right there. Nothing these people tell you is true folks, here's a Democrat donor. This lady Lindy Lee's been creating a lot of waves.


Here she is saying what all of us knew when Joe Biden was still hilariously claiming he was gonna run for reelection, he was at a fundraiser, this lady's there, her family looked at her and was like, WTF man, this guy's brain is freaking mashed potatoes. We were right, they were wrong. This guy's got the nuclear code. Still check this out. I know President Biden and I love the man, but he is in no shape or form able to carry out the duties that the commander in chief requires. And it's just devastating. And we saw that confirmed by the Wall Street Journal expose yesterday and also many exposes in the New York Times in Washington, in the Washington Post over and over again.


How his inner circle is actively covering for him and stepping up to the plate because he simply cannot. And I hosted him on May 1st here in DC and I remember one of my family members saying, after interacting with President Biden, they said, oh, we're blank. We're effed Folks. This is a major scandal. Okay, we've got what, 28, 29 days left till the till the inauguration. Joe Biden is mentally not there. Everybody knows it. And the man is still the commander in chief of the most powerful military on planet earth. This is kind of a big BFD in Joe Biden's. A big freaking deal.


You know what ticks me off about this story the most is the Democrats had options here. The demo. I'm not giving the Democrats any advice, it's too late. But they had options, right folks, folks in the chat, come on, this is serious stuff. If you had a Republican who's co cognitively impaired and you've got a semi competent vice president, you have to say, Hey man, it's time to move on. I want the country to get into war with an impaired president. They could have invoked the 25th Amendment, they could have squeezed him earlier. He could have walked out and said, Hey whatever I beat Donald Trump, you know, air quotes, whatever I cleaned up the country, he could have made up some bullshit story. Now I'm gonna pass the torch. They didn't do it. So now the question which you're gonna hear from Peter Ducey here, which is an obvious one, is folks who the hell is in charge right now?


No. No, seriously. Not in the figurative sense. I mean, who is actually in charge? 'cause if Biden has a series of powers vested in him and he's not capable of making decisions on his quote bad days, he said, oh, he is got bad days. Who's making the decisions they still have to get made? 'cause it ain't Biden Watch Peter Ducey ask this exact question like, who the hell is in charge of the White House right now? Check this out. Now the damn appears to be breaking this Wall Street Journal item. Interviewed 50 people familiar with Biden's operation and it raises a lot of questions about who was making key decisions.


Yeah, for you mentioned the Afghanistan withdrawal. If the president was as diminished as this story makes it sound, that would be a huge problem and it could explain why certain decisions were made that turned out to be catastrophic and why No apologies were ever made. You get what he's saying? Biden's Biden's team can never acknowledge the decision chain that led to the debacle in Afghanistan because Biden may not have been in his. This is a major, major scandal and it's an even bigger scandal because what the left calls, right wing media, what we call the truth, already exposed this problem.


And remember the Washington Post, Glen Kessler, Adriana ero, cheap fake Biden videos and rapture right wing media, but deeply mislead. These people are full of, they are full of it folks, everything they tell you is a fake and a lie. Remember this Jim from Joe Scarborough. This guy's an absolute clown. I can't even tell you, I ran into this guy in the airport one time. What an absolute goofball. Here he is on his show. Not only mad that you expose Biden's cognitive impairment, but telling you, not only is he not impaired, he's the best Biden ever. He's even better than before. It's like he took that, you know, Wolverine green injection thing at the end of the Logan movie and he's even better than he ever was.


Check this out. I've said it for years now. He's cogent. But I undersold him when I said he was cogent. He's far beyond cogent. In fact, I think he's better than he's ever been intellectually analytically because he's been around for 50 years. Do what is it gonna take? Forget that we get what these guys are doing. Scarborough, Stelter, Nicole Wallace, these people are sellouts with zero human dignity, their embarrassments to their families. I understand that. Their neighborhoods, their country, everything.


I get that. But again, to left wingers out there who watch my show, have you I, I got a section coming up on some of them who are starting to figure it out. Are you now starting to figure out why 70% of America doesn't trust you because you're full of crap? Everything you say is a lie. I got a couple more of these coming up, including my orcas, Stelter, Nicole Wallace, and a great segment here on how this parallel economy, this rumble thing is a huge deal, folks, I promise you man, the future is bright. The days of cancel culture are numbered. It's happening slowly. There's still a big, there's still have you know power, but I'm telling you their their last breaths are coming in this cancel culture.


Hey, as someone who lives a very public life and regularly shares content online, I'm really aware of how my information's being tracked and used. Your personal information could be sold online right now without you even knowing. It's why I strongly recommend delete me. Delete me as a service that helps remove your personal information from hundreds of data broker websites. Go to join delete me.com/bonino, enter code bonino at checkout now and tell your relatives too. Email addresses, phone numbers, even home addresses could be floating around waiting to be scooped up by scammers. It's scary, but it could also be preventable This holiday season. Take action and help protect your privacy by getting a Delete me membership. Get it for yourself and gift it to protect your family. Help eliminate the worry about your information falling into the wrong hands. It's a nightmare. If it does, give the gift of privacy and peace of mind with delete me. And right now at a special discount for our listeners, you get a big 20% off your Delete Me plan when you go to join delete me.com/bonino and use promo code bonino at checkout. That's 20% off. Again, the website, join delete me.com/bonino. Use code bonino, protect your online privacy. It's important, especially in this new era of AI and data scraping. Check that out thanks to lead me. We appreciate it.


Here's a couple more folks showing you the extent of this major scandal to hide the fact that the commander in chief has no mental faculties to act like the commander in chief at all. He's disgraceful, corrupt, just life loser. Alejandro Mayorkas is a quick one just telling you, oh yeah, this guy's not only sharp Biden but he is intensely probing Prob, someone's probing Biden, but it's not the kind of probe you are thinking. Check this out my or my orchestra. The most difficult part about a meeting with President Biden is preparing for it because he is sharp, intensely probing and detail oriented and focused.


Okie dokes. Sure he is. He's intense. He's being intensely pro Biden. But again, not the way Maorist thinks. Here's another gem just so you get a nice little cornucopia of left wing bs. You could tell you have they, is there a single story they've been right about? Here's Nicole Wallace on cheap fakes. In other words, videos you saw that they couldn't say were fake and they couldn't say were ai. So they just called them cheap fakes instead of deep fakes because they couldn't think of a word to describe a real video. They just didn't like. Check this out. There's a growing And insidious trend in right-wing media, broadcast print and social media. It is to take highly misleading and selectively edited videos of President Biden directly from Republican national committee's, social media accounts, and then use those videos to spread messages virally to cast out on President Biden's fitness for office.


Here is this headline from the New York Post quote, Biden appears to freeze up, has to be led off stage by Obama at mega bucks LA fundraiser. Yeah, he did freeze up. We actually saw the video dumbass. I mean at what point do you try to salvage some shred of human freaking dignity and come out and just apologize for being a commie media apparat? Here's the last one I promise, but I wanna make sure you see all of this. Here's, you know, captain Potatohead, he's not even Mr. Potatohead, he's the captain of the potato head or Brian Stelter a again, a total life loser. I'm convinced this guy's had all kinds of problems in his life.


It really, he looks like an emotionally disturbed guy. He's the kind of guy I keep far away from people. He's just a weirdo. Here's Brian Stelter, whose show was hilariously called Reliable Sources, yet was wrong about every single major media news story of our time surrounding Donald Trump. Here he is attacking you for pointing out that the commander in chief's not mentally all there, check this out. But Sinclair, they didn't do any original reporting. They didn't follow up, they didn't do any work, they didn't do any of their own work at all. They just ate it up and then they regurgitated what the Wall Street Journal said. That's the worst form of so-called journalism out there. It's not really news at all. Yeah, and that's my biggest complaint about this. Yeah, they said this could be an election decider Joe Biden's age.


Well that's true. If, if the media obsesses over it and ignores trump's flaws, yeah, that will be true if the media puts its fists on the scale. Now there's this schism going on I haven't addressed in about a month. It's real folks on the left. Our job here is to tactically break down our political opponents so we understand in the art of political warfare how to out flank them and win. That's what we're here for to win, right? We're not here for moral victories. That doesn't mean squad. We need votes. I'm a spreadsheet guy and you are too. Some of them are figuring it out. Now this is not a reflection of me celebrating anyone here.


I want you to understand that when I play these clips like a OC coming up next, let's say oh a OC, smart A OC is the single dumbest member of Congress she is. There's not even a close. Second folks in the chat who's the dumbest male member of Congress who gets it? I wanna make sure you guys are paying attention. Who? Who's the dumbest male member at Congress? We know a OC. Who gets it first? Who gets it first? Headon sad. Come on, who is it? DG V. No, no, no. TTI 94. Dan Goldman. Yes. TTI 94. Dan Goldman. But Dan Goldman has nothing on a OC. However, there is one thing A OC even really, really stupid people can typically do at least one thing.


Well A OC does social media. Well she does and she, she has a lot of followers. Folks, it's just a fact. I'm a spreadsheet guy. Ignore it at your own peril. A OC understands that that is the new media market. People are getting their news from TikTok, Snapchat, fake book Twitter, X truth rumble, YouTube. They're not getting it from the old school media. There is a growing portion of the Democrat Party. The only reason I bring this up is this tactical advantage we have where Brian Stelter, Nicole Wallace and my or are still puzzled why nobody pays attention to 'em. If they lie, it's gonna change. Don't get caught blindsided. Here's a OC. She's sensing that if there's not a big change in the Democrat party in terms of information exchange and getting out there like she does that they're the, the party may be obsolete.


Watch this. It is Really hard for a lot of, I think Democrats to wrap their head around the current media environment that we are in. And there's still like this really big attachment to the idea that C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, the op-ed, you know pages of the New York Times are where swing voters are and where everyday people are. And as we saw from the election, people who, yeah, if you ascribe to that kind of a media diet, you are overwhelmingly supporting Democrats. But there has for a very long, and this was actually part of what cut, like part of what I was trying to offer the party is also part of what I think had cut against me in this race.


Which is that there's this idea that having this, not among all Democrats but I think among more of the old guard that having that kind of resonance and responsiveness is gosh and low brow and unsophisticated. There's a reason I played that. Yes, the woman is a moron. I understand that. Low aptitude, low achievement, she is an iil. I was told early on when I started my podcast in 2015, what she said at the end is absolutely accurate. The Democrats are 10 years late.


But I was told even by Republicans, 'cause I don't want you to think people in our party are above this either. They were like a podcast, What are you a dumbass? You can't get a radio show. What kind of loser are you? I said, well you're kind of a moron. Radio shows are great. I mean I have one now and I love radio shows. The audience is really healthy but you know kids can go in the car and Bluetooth and this is 10 years ago, I'm telling people about Apple CarPlay and Bluetooth and there were people like, well what the hell does that mean? I said, podcasts are the future. The Democrats are 10 years late but they're catching up. Even Foreign Policy magazine, we're talking about an old guard outlet. They're talking about in this thing how the world of podcasts and social media programming, they can reach large and extremely loyal audiences.


I mean the reason I bring it up, it may sound a bit self-serving, but they're talking about how progressives don't have this robust menu of programs. They're words, you can read 'em right there. They have basically Pod Save America and that's it. They know we have Rogan, Shapiro, Tucker, Matt Walsh, Dan Bonino, Steve Bannon and others. They're going to catch up. So it's time for us to do what it is. Time for us to take what we have and now leverage up folks. The parallel economy is huge and growing. There are a growing number of corporations, politicians, there are people out there in the business world, there are retail investors who are tired of the cancel culture thing.


This was a huge story last week. Obviously you know I'm an equity holder in Rumble. However this was a big deal. Rumble is the free speech alternative to YouTube folks. The site has absolutely exploded Something like three to five of the top 10 content creators on any given day. Crowder Bannon, you have Rebel News, you have all but you have Russell Brand, you have Don Jr are all on Rumble. The Dan Bongino Show secured 775 million rumble from Tether to bolster free speech and decentralization. The stock won absolutely crazy today 'cause people are starting to figure it out folks, it's not just what Rumble has that YouTube didn't have early on.


I want you to pay attention. Ladies and gentlemen, we are not a video site. Yes you are. No we're not. We're a site that has videos, we are not a video site. What are you then? We are a free expression site and I don't mean that in some other worldly way. The reason we have our server business is because we don't want you being kicked off Amazon web services like they did to parlor use our servers. That business is going great. The reason we have the Rumble ad center is so you can stay free of any of this boycott pressure and go through us. We have a big flowering business that supports free expression. The video portion is a small portion of our bigger vision and cryptocurrency, decentralized finance and freedom of speech.


I'm glad they made this move. It's a good idea. Folks, I got more coming up next because again, if you think this is all some temporary thing, you're outta your mind. You got companies like True Social, public Square, everybody's picking up on this parallel economy and you can get on that train or you can get run down by it 'cause it's coming. Quick break and I'm gonna show you when the old guard media, they're starting to recognize they got a problem. Now the question is, is it too late for them to go and grab those eyeballs back? Maybe


folks heal US mattresses. I've had, this is my second one now for years been over a decade. I sleep great on it. I have the midnight lux. I absolutely love it. I feel energized in the morning. Gives me enough energy to get through my long days. You're on your mattress eight hours a night, sometimes 10 hours a night. Get the best one you can. Helix, H-E-L-I-X is an award-winning mattress brand recommended by many for improving sleep. I can't sleep on anything else. I'm sleeping better with my Helix. It's really improved my everyday life. I have arthritis so I feel less aches and pains after sleeping on my Helix. It's been a game changer for me and I bet it'll be for you too. For every type of sleeper side sleepers, back sleepers Helix mattresses helps you choose a firmness or a height that fits. You wanna know which Helix mattress is right for you. Take the innovative sleep quiz to find out your match and right now get 20% off plus two free pillows for all mattress orders when you order at Helix sleep.com/dan. That's Helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off and two free pillows for all mattress orders.


And our last sponsor today is Birch Gold. Increased tariffs on our trade partners, tax cuts and regulation changes. Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic now more than ever. Birch Gold, the only gold company I trust is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Don Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on gold text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here's the facts, the national debt continues to explode. Our interest payments on the debt continue to increase. Gold is still one of your best hedges against a weakened dollar and Birch Gold is still the company I trust to help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA and gold. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. No obligation only information with an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers, you too can trust Birch Gold. So text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply. Thanks Birch Gold.


So here's an old guard media guy, right? This Axio guy, Jim Van Heim. Remember the one who exploded? You're a doctor, media journalist. We gotta go do our homework. If you did your homework you would've known Joe Biden wasn't cognitively mentally impaired. If you'd done your homework, you know the laptop was a hundred. If you'd done your homework, you know collusion was a BS story. You didn't do your homework. Remember that? So this is the same guy, Jim Vander High, his post meltdown. He knows the tide is turn and that the home for news right now is X. The home for video is rumble. Ladies and gentlemen, this whole thing is changing. I'm telling you, get on that train or it's gonna run you over. It's coming. Check this out. We have never been here before. And Jim Vandi, you've got new reporting out this morning for Axios about the government funding fight and how it captures the power and flaws of what you call the new information ecosystem, which is in many ways Elon Musk and x.


I mean this is your future foretold. You might like it, you might hate it, but it is like you now have musk controlling the dominant organ of the Republican media industrial complex. There's nothing close. They're freaking out because they can no longer control the narrative. Community notes. Community notes on x has been one of the ultimate weapons 'cause there's now a penalty for lying where you're embarrassed in real time and they don't like that because they lie all the time. And one thing they don't wanna be is embarrassed. Here's this liberal congressman Richard Neal on the house floor totally freaking out. Your currency is your word. He's all upset that Elon and X exposed that disastrous CR bill and all the all the garbage in it.


There was crap everywhere buried in that bill. And he knows going forward, these Democrats know going forward they're not gonna be able to do this anymore. That all of this stuff is gonna get out right away. Your currency is your word. He says, you know the Democrats were the ones who pulled that judge deal right after Trump got elected for liberal judges to retire. They're full of crap. Their word doesn't mean anything. These people are full of it. Check this out. Your Currency in this institution is your word. We reached an agreement, we came to modest achievements and a tweet changed all of it. Can you imagine what the next two years are gonna be like if every time the Congress works its will and then there's a tweet or from an individual who has no official portfolio who threatens members on the Republican side with a primary and they succumb.


Sounds good to me. Sounds like exactly what we needed. I mean what's the alternative? Think about what he's arguing for on the counter. He's arguing for what? That we hide this stuff and don't put it on Twitter. It's there. These bills are released to the public for all of us to read. Would you rather Twitter be banned from speaking publicly about public legislation in a constitutional republic? Do you see how afraid these guys are of the truth? Now I wanna make a larger point here in this video. This next video absolutely nails a point I've been making for the last 10 years with you. And if you're a P one, you know it. You've heard it folks, the Democrats never ever run on ideas they run on.


Those guys are really awful. They run on the ese, they run on a faga. Everything is some mysterious eight, eight white supremacist plot. Don't vote for the the dangerous Republicans. Do you notice they never run on their own ideas. This clip by the house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries, the obviously a liberal Democrat, is this may be one of the most important clips you see in a while and it's not gonna seem like it when you listen to it, but I'm playing it after this. Congressman Neil, this other Democrat. 'cause the Democrats are realizing now that they've lost control of the ability to hide what they're really about and to just stigmatize Republicans.


In other words, we don't stand for anything but those guys are evil Hitler like people. They're realizing they can't do that anymore with X. So they're starting to realize they may have to put forth a series of ideas. Really? I told you this was gonna happen. I want you to listen to Hakeem Jeffries, one of the most liberal members of Congress leads their caucus, right? Talking about what the Democrat's agenda going forward is. And it sounds to me like public safety tax cuts. This sounds like Republican ideas. What did I tell you the minute they lost control of don't vote for the other guy.


They were gonna have to run on something. They just stole our stuff. 'cause our stuff is right. Don't listen to me, listen to him. Check this out. As House Democrats, our position is simple. There are three things that we should all be focused on in connection with the American people. First, lowering costs. Second bigger paychecks for hardworking American taxpayers and third, securing safer communities. That's gonna be our north star moving forward. And we'll see whether the incoming administration is prepared to join us on behalf of the American people. What? Eight.


Eight. What is this guy? A MAGA guy? Now we gotta get this guy like a Hakeem 2.0 by the way, Leo Terrell gave me a Leo 2.0 hat. It is one of my prize possessions. It's sitting in my office, it's going in the new office, the new guys. How's the new office? Look by the way, you all are gonna be so happy. Groin crew, everyone else, Bonino Army. We are gonna be doing studio shows. Guys, what do you think? Honestly, the studio don't BS the audience. They spec you guys. It is freaking bananas. The studio looks so nice. We're gonna only gonna be able to fit like 20, 30 people in there. But we are gonna have studio shows. You are gonna love it. You're gonna have so much fun folks.


This guy is like, that's the Leo 2.0 is going to the office. That's where it came is this Hakeem Jeffries 2.0. Everything we told you was gonna happen is happening. You create an unbiased media ecosystem where people have to run on ideas. The Democrats will lose every election if they run on what they actually wanna do. By the way, a couple things are on my mind too during the Christmas week. They're important things. I don't want to be a a downer, but these are really important. Number one, the border is still out of control folks and there's still a lot of time for Biden to do damage even in 20 plus days. It's gotten so bad now that myorca just an absolute corrupt the crowd of disgrace.


The humankind is now admitting that there's a significant child trafficking problem. Sounds like something we told you years ago, but now again he's trying to pass the buck. I want you to watch this and then I'm want to, I got a drone story coming up for you next because I've been warning you about the drone threat. But listen to the tone change on the child trafficking thing. 'cause they know, they know now they'll be exposed on X and elsewhere. Check this out. The Incoming borders are Tom Holman says These children are being exploited and trafficked. Is that true? Well we certainly do. You know Margaret, we certainly have received reports of children being trafficked.


Even those as to whom we know where they are. That is outside the responsibility of the Department of Homeland Security. What we do is we turn children over within 72 hours as the law requires to the Department of Health and Human Services and then HHS places those children. Of course we investigate cases of of trafficking. We have no responsibility except for the fact we control the border and we investigate child trafficking cases. Outside of that, we have no responsibility at all. You notice though, how he's slowly changing his story to it wasn't happening. That's a conspiracy theory, right wing nonsense.


Oh, there's limited cases. Oh, it's a significant problem but it's not my fault. Oh, it's a significant problem and we investigate it. You notice how the story's slowly changing folks. This is a reflection I'm telling you of Elon's purchase of Twitter. They have run out of vehicles to BS the American public. They don't control the narrative anymore. Alright? This is a story I've been talking about for a long time. Listen man, you better go get yourself some birdshot because I'm telling you right now, I, I mean I'm really into being prepared. I don't call me a prepper. I don't really care.


Some people throw that word around like it's an insult. I'm like an insult to who? It's an insult to you for not being prepared if you're a dad or a mom who cares about their kids. It's your freaking job to be prepared if something breaks bad. And you know, I think in the past there was this perception that buy a lot of guns and ammo and yeah of course like that's obviously, however, I'm telling you right now, the guy who owns, you know, a thousand drones is going to be the guy who's far more dangerous. Folks. These people can attack from the air and we can't fly. Now, I can't vouch for the authenticities video. A lot of PE it is does look a little suspicious. I'm not telling you this is real or not real.


I'm just saying it was all over social media this weekend. It was a drone attack in Russia, allegedly by the Ukrainians. The video's going around, it looks a little suspicious to me the video, but I just want you to watch it because folks, this is the kind of thing, I mean, What are you gonna do? Shoot that down with an F 35 real or not real? I don't know. Again, I'm not gonna get into like if it's real 'cause I don't know. I'm putting it out there 'cause it was all over the place and it doesn't matter if it's real or not in relationship to this segment, the drone threat is very real in the United States. And I'm telling you right now, whoever owns the most birdshot is going to be the one most prepared Birdshot probably gonna be the only way to take these things down in mass if you're not a government funded operation.


They have no answers on this at all. Here's a back and forth with Martha McCallum and John Kirby. I got a January 6th update coming up next, but just quickly watch Kirby. He has no idea folks. They legitimately don't know what to tell the American people because they have no answer for this. This thread is real. It's here. It's not coming. Check this out. It's Shocking. Okay? And, and I'm not the only person who, who feels this way. This was happening at Langley a month ago. Okay? The, these people are not crazy. They're seeing these things with their own eyes. This is not normal behavior. They're not planes that are coming in one direction and they're heading into Newark airport and then they're landing. Okay? We, we spend $824 billion on defense.


We have the greatest intelligent capability in the world. So how can you stand there and say to the country right now, gosh darn, we just don't know what these are Because I'm not gonna lie to you or to the American people and I'm not gonna say we know something when we don't. I folks there, they have no idea how to tactically deal with this threat. Yes, there are mechanisms, there's zero doubt, there are mechanisms out there to take drones outta the sky. The government has the problem is there. Some of them are only useful in war zones because they pose a very serious threat to commercial air traffic too.


They don't know what to do. We got the holiday season coming up. Everybody enjoy Christmas, enjoy Hanukkah, enjoy the new year. I'm just saying, you know, be prepared for this stuff. I was looking this weekend for Birdshot. I'm not even kidding because this is the kind of thing you unleash a couple thousand of these suckers on a neighborhood somewhere. The hell you gonna do calling? It's a bird, it's a plane. It's, no, it's not. It's a bunch of drone swarms. I wrote about this almost 10 years ago in one of my books telling you what a problem this is gonna be. It's already here now. Alright, I wanna bring this story up because this is another story very close to my heart for all the wrong reasons I told you.


Thank you. By the way folks, you should all send a tweet to Representative Barry Loudermilk. He is a Republican obviously, and Loudermilk. We're spreadsheet guys. You know what? You know what I'm talking about, right? When there's a plus one, we gotta praise the activity that way you'll get more of it. It's simple operating conditioning, right? Loudermilk has been all over the January 6th scandal. When I talk about the scandal, I'm talking about the pipe bomb story. I'm talking about the quote insurrection and the fed presence there. Loudermilk will not let this go and I really love that he's passionate about it. So they got their hands on these transcripts. A story we told you about a while ago on the show we knew was ridiculous and absurd was a story about Donald Trump attacking the Secret Service limo driver because he wouldn't take him up to Capitol Hill on January 6th.


I told you the story was bs I know. Listen to me please. Stuart Thompson, New York Times and other people I know personally for decades, the people involved. The story was made up. It's linked to this Ca Cassidy Hutchinson who may have some real trouble right now. The story was crap. Julie Kelly as a series of tweets, you have got to read on this folks. The story is even worse than you can imagine. So let me ask you a question in the chat. You guys are smart. If you heard a story that Donald Trump attacked the limo secret service limo driver, the agent, and told him and ordered him to go up to Capitol Hill and physically attacked him.


If folks in the chat, let's see how quick you get this. Who is the, who is the first person you would interview to see if that was true? Anybody know? Justin? Any ideas? The limo driver, you would? Yes, you would interview the limo driver. Thank who said it Hill. Who is that I that I Hill Hill Hillbilly Hacker. Yes. Thank you. Hillbilly Hacker. Ask the freaking secret service agent, but because they knew the story was bold, they didn't want to hear from him. Listen the watch this back and forth. Put that this, the screenshot, the driver's attorney here, this is from a Julie Kelly tweet, the secret service driver's attorney noted in the hearing that the committee had this strange months long resistance to actually interviewing him.


They didn't wanna interview the driver because they knew the story was bs. Look at this. This is amazing. He notes, Hey, we wanted to come to the committee as early as July. We made another request in August as well as September and here we are on November 7th. They didn't wanna interview the guy. This is how corrupt this is why Liz Cheney, if there is not a full investigation, criminally, criminally into Cheney, Kininger and others, then folks, the government's useless coming in. I'm sorry, one more tweet on this. 'cause this story's really important. I told you this story was crap. The driver of the the Secret Service vehicle that wanted to be interviewed also confirms that the Secret Service told him to wipe their phones in violation of federal records law and the texts were never recovered.


Who? Whoever takes over the Secret Service next. I'm begging the administration guys. I have not spoken to them about it. Is that Like routine, like people Swipe your phone? No. No it's not. Ru wants to know if this is No, it's totally against the law. I'm begging the transition. Guys, please speak to me before. If you don't get a change agent in there, you are never gonna figure out why these texts were wiped. Here's the actual testimony. They told 'em to wipe their phones out. This is insane. They turned the phone in, but it was wiped out in February, 2021. Folks, this is crazy. They told 'em to wipe it out. They know it was the result of the Secret Service transitioning to a new phone management system where we were instructed to wipe the phones or I got a new phone around the same, same timeframe.


I had to wipe the old phone prior to activating it. He doesn't recall which two. It doesn't matter either one is a huge scandal. I Think Cartoonish Man, this is Car. He said this is cartoonish levels of corruption and confidence. The next secret service director, this you gotta get to on day one. Alright folks, this is our last show of the week. We have some producers pick shows for you. We have some great content lined up. We are gonna be taking a little break around the holiday season. I will be on the radio today. I have a, a charitable donation to make the folds of honor on the radio at around 2:00 PM Eastern. Check it out if you wanna watch on Rumble. Thank you for all the new subs at locals. By the way, you get that last hour of the radio show and then we're transitioning over to Rumble Premium.


Just gimme some time on that. But thank you for an amazing year folks. I love you guys more than you know. I hope you understand. You have done so many phenomenal things for me. My life wouldn't be the same without you. I love you guys so much. You've been a great Christmas present to me. Celebrate the birth of my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And thank you for the greatest gift of all God, family and country. I love you guys. Have a great new year. See you on the radio show in a little bit back here after the holiday season. See you then. Christmas. Merry Christmas all. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.