
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino. Folks, We just recorded one of the best pieces of content I think we've ever done. You gotta watch this. So I had this idea yesterday after Geraldo wanted to fight me again. Geraldo Rivera. you know we used to go at it all the time on Fox. Many of you saw it. So I had this idea yesterday. Sters, tell me if you're down, man, if you wanna watch this or not, we're gonna play it on Thanksgiving. It's like 20 minutes, but it's definitely worth your time. These guys went out and dug up all the fights with Geraldo and they were pretty epic. I had forgotten most of 'em. They did not tell me which ones they used. I didn't even remember most of them.


And it was about eight pieces of material. And. I got the comment. You'll see I'm wearing this shirt. We're gonna launch it on Thanksgiving. I got the comment now about what happened because a lot of these things had inside stories. Like when he threw the paper at me on the screen, I didn't see that I had no return. I had no idea he was throwing paper at me. And. I losing his mind. This is so good. We had a blast doing it, man. Check it out on Thanksgiving. This show is live. I'm watching you guys in the chat right now. Yes, yes, yes. Lost my groin. You better find it. Lost mcg groin says yes. Yeah, watch it on Thanksgiving. These guys, I appreciate them putting it together. I got a big show for you today. Trump launching an economic nuclear explosion that will hopefully clean up our illegal immigration and fentanyl problem.


Listen, I'm not a tariff guy, I've been honest with you from the start. But if you're gonna use him as a weapon to shut down an economic drag on the country in illegal immigration and drug trafficking, maybe I can be convinced. So we'll see. But I, this was, this was big.


Hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying sleepless and I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day, it's about the toll poor sleep can take in your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon with Beams Dream Powder. They sent me something to try. It's fantastic. See, when we're sleeping well, we're sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throw our way. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L-theanine, agen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed beam's. Black Friday sale is now here. It's your biggest sale ever and the lowest they've ever sold Dream for. So get up to 50% off when you visit Shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use Kino, get yourself some sleep. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price ever. Head on over to shop b em.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50% off.


Alright fellas, let's go. Just one quick announcement before I start the show to folks through the series of enemies in the last few days and weeks. If you follow me, And, I vanquished, yet again, F around kids. You're gonna find out. I always win. I know it's hard for you to take that there's a cup of copio in the corner. You may wanna sit down and shut the and drink it, but just know we win every time. Oh, Dan, that's so cocky and arrogant. Too bad you mess with us boys. You're always gonna lose. You're every single time as we build this massive army of supporters, it grows by the day and we trample everyone before us.


You wanna with us? You better bring it. 'cause I promise, I promise you like the list of people we vanquished in the past, which is long and undistinguished. You will go down in flames too as we laugh and trample you every single time. It's glorious. It's glorious. These deep staters folks, they keep trying to take us down these swampy and establishment hacks and they can't believe how resilient we are. How we just keep growing. How is that guy number one? Because we're the best and we got the best army out there.


Keep trying deep staters. I feel bad for you a little bit. Keep getting your ass kicked. It's gotta hurt. It reminds me of an old adage in New York City. Every 18 seconds someone is hit by a car in New York City. The guy says, really? He must be in a lot of pain. It's a different guy every time. Vanquish them. Hear the lamentations of the women. Cross your enemies. Have them driven before you. Some of you'll get that. Speaking of crushing your enemies, Donald Trump is not messing around. Folks the Rogers scare F around and find out video. I wish Canada and Mexico would've listened to him.


China as well. Again, I'm not a fan of tariffs as an economic weapon 'cause you wind up getting into tariff war. However, if he's going to use them escalate to deescalate, which is the strategy, Donald Trump escalate them to deescalate the economic warfare, then go for it. And if you're gonna do it to crush the drug trade and illegal immigrant traffic across the border, which is killing us in our economy. We have sex offenders, we have drug dealers, we have murderers here. We you have the numbers. I put them on the show. And it's not just a few, it's hundreds of thousands, right? Which is just destroying our economy and our public safety situation that Donald Trump's gonna fight back. He's sending a message right now.


If you think this guy came into office to play cutesy time, folks, as you know, cutesy time is what in the chat. What is up with cutesy time? That's what the people's elbow happened to. Cutesy time. Cutesy time walked in the ring. Rick flair style. They wa. And what happened? The people's elbow dropped on cutesy time's. Ass 'cause it's over 'cause it's over. Here's Brett bear covering Donald Trump's threat. Time is over. Drop tariffs on. How did you wait? Play that again. I didn't even know you. Is that, can we make that a giffy, Jake? That tapper saying Cutesy time is over. Yes it is. Jake Cutesy, time is over.


I love that how you dropped that in the corner. I did not know that was gonna happen. Here is Brett, bear on Fox last night covering his bombshell announcement. Donald Trump threatened in a tariff Mexico if they don't clean up this situation. Check this Out. Well, the Trump TRA transition is going on. In the meantime, the President-elect is weighing in on what's going to happen on January 20th, just moments ago on a truth social, the President-elect wrote this. As everyone is aware, thousands of people are pouring through Mexico and Canada bringing crime and drugs at levels never seen before. Right now, a caravan is coming from Mexico, composed of thousands of people. Seems to be unstoppable in its quest to come through our currently open border on January 20th. As one of many, by many first executive orders, I will sign all necessary documents to charge Mexico and Canada.


A 25% tariff on all products coming into the United States. And its ridiculous open borders. This tariff will remain in effect until such time as drugs in particular fentanyl and all the illegal aliens stop this invasion of our country. Both Mexico and Canada have the absolute right in power to easily solve this long simmering problem. We hereby demand that they use this power until such time they do. It is time for them to pay a very big price. He went on to add that he's also adding 10% to all products from China if they don't stop sending fentanyl and products, drug products through Mexico. That is in addition to the tariffs already on China.


I how many times I gotta tell you Cutesy, time is over. Cutesy time is over. Just listen to Jake. He's told you. Tell him one more time, Jake Cutesy. time is over. Thank you Jake. I love the little laugh at the end too. They, they didn't listen to us. They didn't listen to us. Do you think this guy's dicking around Trump? You think he's kidding? No. I want you to notice if you see the true social, which Brett bear Red if you put it up on the screen, he's very clear here that they have an opportunity. So for all the people out there, again, as a pure economic issue, I can't say that I'm not a huge fan of tariffs because it is a tariff is a tax.


However, if you're going to use it as a weapon and cut other taxes to deescalate and say I will do this, if as he says right there, then yeah, I can be convinced, especially if it's gonna be used to shut down this disaster. The drug and illegal immigrant trade across the border, they're done dicking around folks. They are done screwing around and I'm all in on ending cutesy time right now. And that's why the great media meltdown of 2024, which will flow into 2025 continues. It has to be, this has to be one of the greatest clips you will ever see.


Do you guys know Axios? A-X-I-O-S? It was started I believe by a couple Politico people I think who left I'm, I'm not really sure I gotta look that up. But either way they're, it's like a Comi website, you know, like political playbook. And what they do is they send out a morning email that I always read 'cause I like to, you know, read what Kamis are up to so they don't do Kami stuff and like take away my freedom and liberty and things like that. So Axios has a pretty good morning email if you wanna get into Kamis mind. Here is the CEO of Axios in the great media meltdown continuing Jim Vander High losing his marbles that we are the media. Now And I want you to keep in mind, I've discussed this before, the concept of an extinction burst.


If you ever take psychology classes, if you ever put a dollar in a Coke machine, you wanna get the a can of Coke and it doesn't come out on probably like $20 an hour with inflation, right? What'd you do? You kicked the machine because you'd put in a dollar, you get a reward to Coke and the reward doesn't come out. And what do you do? You gauge in this extinction burst. You start kicking the hell out. I said, if it's gonna make a difference, that is what's going on. Now. The media would put a dollar in the public consumption machine. Russia collusion, the reward would be everything. We hate Trump. He's a Russian spy. It's not working anymore. Nobody believes he is idiots and they are freaking the mm out.


Listen to this guy loses marbles. You can't be a journalist. We're journalists even though we got every freaking story wrong and we're a bunch of third grade level intellect morons. And you guys have been right about everything. You better listen to us even though we've been bullshitting you the whole time. Check this out. Everything We do is under fire. Elon Musk sits on Twitter every day or ex today saying like, we are the media. You are the media. My message to Elon Musk is bullshit. You're not the media you having, you having a blue check mark a Twitter handle in 300 words of cleverness doesn't make you a reporter.


You don't do that by popping off on Twitter. You don't do that by having an opinion. You do it by doing the hard work. Yeah, maybe you should try the hard work. Maybe you should try that once in a while. And so this to be clear, someone called you Jim Van Dep. Hey, hi. Hey. Hi ho. Jim Van Dehi, right by the way, Jim, you kiss my ass, don't you? Here, here it is. My yeah, yeah, we have some lips here. Right on there, right here. You like that? you want a little side angle right here? Right on. No, right, right there, right there. Working hard on the stems lately. Trying right there. I play him. You kiss my ass, bro.


So it's hard work for you guys. When someone came to you and said, Hey, there's a dossier out there that Donald Trump got peed on by prostitutes in a bed in Russia and there's a tape. It's hard work for you to go. Has anybody seen the tape? No. Has anybody known anyone who's seen the tape? No. Does anybody have the tape? No. Well, where'd this information come from? A group paid for by Hillary Clinton. Isn't that Donald Trump's political opponent known for dirty tricks? The Clintons? Yes. Sounds like a good story to me you guys. The verdict is in Jim Vande High. You mother. You guys nailed it.


That is hard work. Why? How the the imagine the nuts on these people after screwing up every single story known to humankind to start lecturing us about the hard work. Immediate Do I have to think? Oh, please tell me I have this. Oh my gosh, I do. This is so great here. And then after they screw up the collusion, peepee hoax, the dumbest story in human history. They tell us in 2020 that Hunter Biden's laptop, here's a copy of the receipt for Hunter Biden. Signed for by Hunter Biden with Hunter Biden's address and phone number where the guy acknowledges it was Hunter Biden in the store.


And there's a sticker of the Biden family on the laptop with Hunter Biden's communications and texts and no one denies. It's Hunter Biden Biden, Jim Van Dehi and his lefty comrades in the media. What do they come to the conclusion that's definitely Vladimir Putin. That's the hard work bro. Jim Van Dehi, you guys, that's what I'm gonna take him side angle. Here it is. You kissed my ass big wet one Jim Vandy moisten them lips up. Take a little water for right there. You can surgically attach your lips to damn Barato's ass because you suck.


And that's why Gallup American's trusted media remains at a trend low. Can you imagine this? Only 32% of people trust the me. Like 31. I'm sorry I gave 'em a point. Express a great deal or fair amounts of confidence in the media. You guys suck. You suck Jim Van Heim. You suck everyone together. You suck. You suck. Jim Van Dy, there's a way to stop sucking. you know how? Just stop sucking. Do your homework. Actually go out here. I wrote books on it. I'm not showing you books. I don't care if you buy the books or not. They are Well-researched books on Spygate. One of 'em is called Spygate. There's a whole series of footnotes.


you know how you, do you guys have any idea how you get footnotes and endnotes? Any idea? Yeah, there are citations from things you read when you're doing this thing called homework. You should try it Jim. And maybe you would've figured out the Hunter Biden laptop was real and there was no peep tape of Donald Trump. But because you guys are freaking morons, nobody trusts you. We win, you lose. I absolutely love crushing my enemies, having them driven before me and hearing the lamentations of the women. You guys don't get that? Do you anyone in the chat know where that's from? Who's gonna be the first one? You get the joke? Come on someone in the chat. You guys got, if You don't do That by having an opinion, You guys, you do it by doing the hard work.


Tell me, come through in the clutch here. Oh. yeah. Matthias power bomb. Conan the barbarian here. The limitations of the women. I crush everybody. We, we This. bonino army. We crush everyone in our path. They made fun of us. Remember? Oh, Spygate collusion hoax. You guys are all wrong. We're right. You're conspiracy theorists. We crushed them all. We crushed them all. Reminds me of the Mariah Carey JLo Giffy. I don't know her. We don't know you Jim. And the people who do know you think you're a moron. I love it by the way that Joe Scarborough and them are clapping about.


They think this is so great. I'm so glad you called them out. How do you know the media is in an extinction burst? They're kicking the Coke machine folks. It's hilarious to watch. They, the the reward for them was people believing their bullshit in the past. Nobody believes it and they're kicking the machine. And dare you, call yourself to me. This is great. Here's Mr. Potatohead. Brian Stelter, who miraculously finds himself back on CNN after getting amazingly every major Trump story of significance. Wrong on a show called, do you remember the name of the show? Unreliable Sources. The show was called Reliable Sources. And every single story got wrong and he's back.


He's back on CNN. Here's Stelter Freaking out of the potential here of the sale of M-S-N-B-C, another fairy tale hoax network to possibly Elon Musk and others. That would be great. by the way, I told you I'll volunteer. I might even come back to tv. Not crazy about the idea, but I might actually do that. Here's Stelter freaking out about what would happen if some honest brokers got their hands on M-S-N-B-C. Check this out. Solves this, ends the argument about how important these social media platforms are over the weekend. For example, Musk is joking, I think about maybe trying to buy M-S-N-B-C. It seems he's just trying to troll. Comcast is not making M-S-N-B-C up for sale right now.


Maybe something will change in a few years. But those tweets, those posts from us, those memes that he's posting, it just speaks to his power and his center of power throughout this incoming administration. I love when people take pictures of how many people are in our chat? 130,000 ready, not even 20 minutes in. And then they put it on Twitter. Who the low down on Twitter. The Ong Gino's on fire. I'm just, listen man, it's Thanksgiving week. I am in an unbelievably good mood. And I. Know shouting fraud is bad. I get it. I get it. I understand. I'm trying to be like on the right side of the moral arc of history folks, but it's hard to not celebrate the downfall of bad people. Folks in the Chad really? Am I wrong?


If you have bad people like Michael Myers and Jason Voes, right? You don't wanna see them succeed. 'cause if Michael Myers succeeds, you are in big trouble on Halloween, right? That's kind of the whole thing. If you've seen the movies Jason Vo, right? We don't want them to succeed. So we wanna see them fail. And when they fail and they engage in this emotional extinction burst behavior, Mr. Potatohead loses mind. Jim Vanda, hey hi hoe, whatever the hell his name is sitting there screaming, oh they did a hard work melting down and and all the morons are going, ah, clapping like idiots. Not one single person gets up there and goes, Hey, you know what guys?


We might actually have an audience if like Dan Bonino. We did actual research and got the story right. What wrong? The crowd would gasp in horror. They'd be like, oh Dan, Bonino stories getting stories correct. We don't wanna do that. We're propaganda. You dumbass thi this is why you're never, it's never going back. Your best day was yesterday. It's over. It's over for you media people. Do you understand? Lemme take a quick break and another guy who gets it is Scott Pretzel. You know, Scott, by the way, folks in the chat, you know Scott, you should, you should follow him on X him, Sean Parnell. These are the guys who flipped Pennsylvania in conjunction with a lot of great activists.


Presler practically lived in Pennsylvania. He gets confronted by a CNN goon like, Hey, why do you always have to mention like our show does that if you're gonna protest, protest peacefully. Well, he says it for the same reason we do. 'cause I hate sh head media goons claiming we're violent when we specifically call for non-violence. I'm gonna show that to you in a minute. Watch him just own this idiot.


Hey, when a doctor's at Brick House Nutrition announce a Black Friday sale, it's a huge event. This is the biggest sale of the year on everything. I'm gonna read you something. This is not a shtick, okay? This is from my doctor about Fielder Green. His name is Neil b I. don know if I should use his last name, but he's in Stewart if you wanna look him up. And he's one of these doctors that's a really, really good guy at doing his homework on staying young and staying active. I take field degrees, it's a fruit and vegetable powder. I mix it with a little radiance. It's some collagen from, from Brickhouse Nutrition as well. It is my kind of anti-aging potion. I love it. Okay? I put it in a little green tea. He's he, I just had my blood work done. It's a real text look, it's right here. I'm not messing with, I didn't type that to myself. you know, I wouldn't mess with you like that. He's talking about my cholesterol, my HDL being so good. He says the best I've ever seen. He said you have good diet and you exercise a lot. All of it raised HDL. Very rare to see a male of your age is healthy field of greens. Antioxidants may help as well. That is an actual Doctor Neil b quote, check it out. Pick up their creatine. Their collagen. Pick up field of greens. Go today. Go to field of greens.com. Use code sale. SALE. That's promo code sale@fieldofgreens.com. Hey man, they make you the better health promise. Go get your blood work done before and after. Check it out last time. Don't forget, pick it up today. Field of greens.com. Use promo code sale for a huge savings, the biggest sale of the year on everything field of greens.com.


Alright, back to the show, Scott Presler gets it folks, if you're gonna go out there and be an activist, you're gonna be a candidate for office. Sooner or later you're gonna be confronted by media goons like Jim Vander. Hey, hi Ho or Mr. Potatohead. Okay? You're gonna be confronted by Commies every single time they deserve no respect. None at all. These are bad people. They are awful people. They are terrible people who are propagandists and love lying to people. That's why people hate them and nobody trusts them. And seven outta 10 people think they're morons. Listen to the CNN person. Ask Scott a question. Why do you always have to put peacefully in there? This is the best answer. He just totally crushes this moron. Check this out. I noticed that when you urge people to action, yes, you often include the word Peacefully.


Is that to avoid another Jan six type Incident. With all due respect, it's to avoid people like you guys saying that I'm anything but my motto is to just be super cute, have my data and facts, treat everyone with love and respect. And as you can see, an army of people will follow. It's stupid. See you every airport. What do I say now? Well all due respect, ma, it's 'cause morons like you keep claiming we're the violent ones. But all we keep talking about is the constitutional rights and people and, and people's free right to protest. But to do it peacefully, we're the ones calling for nonviolence. You are the idiots burning down cities with your Antifa and BLM goons. It ain't us. That's you.


They're the perfect answer folks. They're freaking out. Nothing's working anymore. This isn. Why I tell you, gas pedal down bro. Gas pedal down red line at RPM meter, straight ahead. Push tulsi through push RFK through this transition. Team's been doing a great job and definitely get headset through. Get them through and let your Republican senators know we're watching folks, we are watching. You want donations, you want volunteers. You want us to vote for you? You want a primary? We are watching. These are qualified candidates. Trump earned the right to pick his transition team. These people aren't criminals.


These people aren't serial murderers. Trump sees something in him and he has a vision of where he wants to bring government. The American people voted for it. He won the popular vote. Every swing state, it's time to get these people through. Now the good news for all the senators on the fence, I don't know if I'm gonna vote for these nominees or not. Okay, well we voted for you. It's a representative democracy to represent what we want. And this is what we want. We approve of the Trump transition. How do I know that? 'cause even CNN was forced to recognize the fact that the transition from the transition team from Biden to Trump that's happening right now is going just swimmingly. Even CNN had to acknowledge it. Fake news network. Check this out.


Take a look here. President Trump's transition net approval. You go back to November, 2016. Look at this. It was just a plus one point, just a plus one point that is well, well, well below the historical norm. Look at where we are today. Significantly higher plus 18 points at 17 points higher on the presidential transition net approval rating. The bottom line is this, if eight years ago Americans were lukewarm on Donald Trump at this particular point, they're giving him much more the benefit of the doubt. A lot more Americans are in love with this transition. This much more meets the historical norms where normally presidents get that boost coming outta their victory. And what we're seeing here is Donald Trump's presidential transition is getting a thumbs up.


And dare I say two thumbs up from the American people. Thank you. by the way. Everyone posted on the Twitter I just checked again. I really appreciate it. This army's growing by the day Thanksgiving week, 140,000. We're not even halfway through the show yet. Listen, we're, we've been ahead of this from the start. If the transition was so unpopular, then why isn't the transition so unpopular? The Moneyball rule, right? If he's a good hitter, why doesn't he hit good? The transition is popular because everything the media is telling you about the nominees is bull. Everything. Everything. And nobody believes you idiots. That's why Jim Vander Hay, hi. Oh, whatever. That's why he's flipping out.


He's screaming into the abyss. Yeah, the show's on fire because I'm sick of assholes in the media. They scream into the abyss every time people used to listen. Nobody's listening and out are pissed off. 'cause no one's listening. I'm in a mood today, man. you know what got me in the mood guys? The Geraldo thing we taped before I, so I gotta, it was like, you know when the, you were in the bullpen warming up and you come out throwing flame that that was like a 20 minute warmup. We never do that. I usually come in and the show starts cold. Maybe we gotta do that from now on. Film some segments for the weekend. He's always trying to convince me to do extra content. Folks, Glenn Greenwald is a another Rumble creator, Glenn Greenwald.


We don't share a lot of political positions, but one thing I have always absolutely respected about Glenn is he's an actual journalist. He follows the facts. He's been way ahead of a lot of stories when some, you know, liberal reporters have pushed him in a different direction and he is an absolute hard advocate for free speech and against censorship. Die hard. And we should welcome those people. We don't have to agree with people on everything. We don't taxes social welfare policies. We don't. I mean it's a constitutional republic, but there should be an overlapping of those circles. And in the middle should be a love for America and a love for constitutional rights. Glenn has that. Here is Glenn, in one of the single best minutes you're gonna to hear diagnosing the problem they're gonna have going forward.


These M-S-N-B-C and fake news people. As the extinction burst continues, folks, they are really pissed. C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, the New York Times and the Washington Post, that all the fake narratives have gone into the abyss. Like this is Sparta kicking a guy down. That's where they're going. Nobody's listening anymore. And the thing is there, it's never ever going to get better. I'm telling you, smile on Thanksgiving week. The best day the liberal media had was yesterday. And the best day they had before that was the day before. It will never, ever get any better for them. It is over. We have won. And now it's time to make the win. Hit the gas pedal and win by 18 horse lengths.


Freaking Sea biscuit style. Watch Glenn Greenwald explain the death of the modern left wing commie media. Check this out. Trump Is back in power. And one of the things that has happened amazingly since the, since Kawell Loss, is that the M-S-N-B-C audience, which is already tiny, has basically completely disappeared. Like the number of people watching those shows when they're live in prime time with that big, gigantic corporate power behind them promoting it. It's, it's less than a lot of like YouTube shows, including like, oh wait, wait, yeah. Including like, I don't mean like the cumulative audience of how many people watch YouTube or YouTube video. At the end of the day, I just mean live watching. Like Dan Bongino Show has, I think un Rumble has like five or six or seven times more Oh for sure viewers than MSNBC's Pride Time.


This is on Rumble, you know, which a lot of people don't even know about. Don't even watch that audience is gone in part Because. They feel disillusioned that the people they trusted who told them Trump was going to prison, the whole Trump family was going to prison. Trump could never win. He was gonna be in jail. But before the election, all the women were gonna rise up and vote for Kamala out of anger toward Trump. None of that happened. And they're like, I've been watching this show every day for nothing. It was, I was like, none of it happened. None of it was true. And that audience is gone half out of disillusionment and anger, but half out of just like kind of checking out through impotence and helplessness. I wait to timeout.


It's a timeouts on the show. It is a freaking basketball game. Congrats Auburn Tigers last night, by the way, beating Iowa State Janai broom, tipping it in at the end. Nice. I'm embarrassed. I gotta call a to maybe a 22nd. I swear to you on my life, on every single thing that matters to me, strike me dead if I'm lying. I did not when I cut that clip, hear my name in there. I'm, I'm not kidding. No Dan, it's humble. It is not. I swear to you, I'm listening to that. I'm going, holy shit. He's talking about me in there too. I was so obsessed with the end to that, that I did not even hear myself when I cut that clip.


Thank you Glen, for the compliment. I'm now, I feel embarrassed. I feel like I'm putting it out there for me. I promise you, I promise you on my integrity. I did not hear that. It was the end of it that I loved. 'cause I've been telling you this forever. Once you realize you've been lied to, not once or twice, but repeatedly. The p peepee hoax. The Spygate scandal you were told was fake, but it's real. The Hunter Biden laptop, the Mike Flynn attack by Joy. you know, joy Behar and others. Remember that once you've been lied to over and over, how do you go back? I've been bringing this point up so often that I'm glad I know Glen's been on this forever.


Like at what point do you say to yourself, I just wanna hear the truth because think about this, think about this. If this doesn't make sense, guys tell me it doesn't make sense. You gotta be the audience ombudsman. I get that. The lies feel good. Donald Trump is a Putin asset. If you're a crazy Antit Trumper, right? But there's a real material loss for you that you've been lied to. Hey man, we gotta lock this guy up. He's a fraudster. And then you weaponize government against him and he wins and you lose everything. At some point you wanna be told the truth, right? Does that make sense? Like you wanna be prepared to not lose even if the facts are uncomfortable.


That reckoning is gonna happen soon. Real soon. I got a clip at Tucker on the exact same thing, different show though. He's on Mac Clayton Morris about this exact thing. Once that wake up call happens, folks, it's hard to turn back.


Quick break here. Helix has a great offer for my listeners. you know, I just moved, one of the first things we did. We brought Helix, we bought Helix mattresses for every room in the house. Why? Because they're really comfortable and every time a guest comes over and the house we have now, they sleep on the Helix, the midnight luxe. And they love it. Anytime a company can personalize a product to fit your specific needs, the company's putting you the customer first. In just a few minutes, the Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for you so you can get the perfect match from the position you sleep to. Your body type or unique needs Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. And just for my listeners, they're offering 25% off site-wide, plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. And if you purchase a Lux or elite mattress, you get a free bedding bundle that includes two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. Visit Helix sleep.com/dan to start your match today. That's H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/dan


and our last sponsor today, before I show you the Tucker d Blackout Coffee, we haven't had blackout in a in a couple days now. I've been drinking blackout every day. I I take a Blackout Coffee break during the radio show too. If you see me disappear, if you watch the radio show on Rumble, why? Because it tastes good. I don't want coffee to taste like brown water. I want coffee. That's bold. That tastes like freaking coffee. But I want it bitter. 'cause if it's bitter, I'm gonna throw it out. Bitter sucks. Don't drink bitter coffee. Here's the problem. Why gets coffee bitter? Because a lot of these companies, they use crap beans. There's like levels of beans, you know, there's premium and then crap. You don't want cars. So buy premium. Don't buy crap. If it is, I'm the bean ologist. Don't buy crap beans. They're bad. That's why I love Blackout Coffee. They use premium beans. Skip those long lines at the store and order online. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours ship. That was a pee. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. Listen, it's really good stuff, folks. I love it. It's the official coffee of This bonino army. Go pick it up today. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Stop drinking woke crap coffee with crap beans, premium beans, delicious coffee. The cinnamon French toast is some of the best damn coffee you are ever gonna taste. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Please support Blackout Coffee. They've been great to the show. The owner of the company loves America, loves this show. He loves the audience. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. 20% off your first order. You're gonna love it. Check it out.


Okay, back to the show. This is the best news ever. On Thanksgiving week, the media extinction burst folks, the fourth estate, the media has destroyed us for years. They got minorities to believe that the Republican party doesn't love them. When we practically begged them, please give us a shot, we're here for you. It's the other party destroying you. They've run cities into the ground, they've run areas into the ground you and others live in. Please give us a shot. No one believes them anymore. And once the media narratives collapse, they can never go back. Here's Tucker Carlson. He's on Clayton Morris's podcast talking about exactly the point Greenwall brought up, that their days are over.


The hegemonic monopolistic rule of the American psyche and zeitgeist of the day is over. Nita la Musika. Man, the song is over. Check this out. If there's a lesson of what happened to television and newspapers, print and you know, legacy media, if they died Because, they were corrupt. I mean the business models changed, et cetera, et there are ways to you can, they won't evolve. Like the people who work at NBC News will not have careers in journalism 10 years from now. And the reason they won't is not because of technology, it's Because. they have no credibility because they're corrupt. They're they're liars. So that's really the lesson.


Corruption kills you, especially in a business predicated on trust, which is the media I, get it, I get it. Was comfortable to believe this stuff because everybody wants the be noir. you know, everybody wants that. That beast that caused all their problems. Oh, it wasn't me. It wasn't me or my failures. It was the patriarchy. It was white privilege. Everybody who falls victim to their own shortcomings, everyone, good people, bad people and different people, right? They want something or someone to blame. It's hard to look in the mirror and say, I didn't get it done because I didn't get it done.


That's hard folks. That's why liberalism is such an easy cop out. The problem liberals are having now, the police did it to you. The white man did it to you. The patriarchy did it to you. The problem they're having now is this woke bullshit is now costing them. It has a real material impact. They're losing their power, they're losing their jobs. You see this story about the DNC today in Fox, these staffers are all crying 'cause they didn't get severance pay. What the hell did you think was gonna happen? They're like, we want $25,000 checks. You lost, you got severed by the voters.


They told you to beat it. There's, this is having a real material cost. And now liberals are starting to wake up and go believing that bullshit and voting on it was a real mistake. We got robbed, we got mugged. Look at his daily wire story. We always bring receipts. Post-election fallout for George Soros, Backed Prosecutors George George Gascon from Los Angeles lost by over 600,000 votes to Nathan Hockman. Gascon was a Soros guy. So you see what I'm getting at? Because you believed Geraldo and others and left wing media goofballs like Rachel Maddow and Al Sharpton, that the police were hunting black men in the streets.


A total bullshit narrative completely made up by the left. You voted for George Soros back. Liberal prosecutors. What did they do? They let bad guys outta jail. That preyed on you. Preyed on you, killed people, raped people, murdered people. And now you're like, you know what? There was a real material cost for me believing that bs. That's why you're seeing the shift. Oh look, M-S-N-B-C you had now they're worried about the future. Maybe you shouldn't have lied to people and your staffers wouldn't be worried about their freaking jobs. Folks, everything we've told you on this show, everything of substance from Spygate to collusion to the laptop, everything we've told you on this show has turned out to be true.


And if you doubt any of it and you believe again, the Twitter deep state crowd, just go do your homework about who was right and who was wrong. And you'll see why the deep staters in the liberal media hate us. We also told you from the start that the law fair against President Trump was going to backfire. Go watch the shows, man. The receipts are everywhere. Go back and watch past Joe's watched a couple days after he was mug shotted and dragged through court. We said, this is gonna blow up. If the New York Times crowd just would've listened to us, you may have fared better in the election.


Here's the New York Times, just the other day. Now finally acknowledge that, that the more uncomfortable truth is that quote, our search for political salvation through the law has backfired. No I told you it was gonna backfire. You remember the shows, folks in the chat? Do you remember you P ones out there, loyal Dan Bonino Army members love you guys. Do you remember me saying exactly these words, that there are a lot of people out there who quote, have been aggrieved by government and feel like they, they've been screwed over. Their businesses were attacked by regulators and county commissioners.


The IRS is auditing them for some BS tax bill from five years ago. They feel like the government gave them the double barrel middle finger. So now what happens? The government goes after Donald Trump and these people at home were saying, what? Samuel Moines from the New York Times, if you just would've listened to your boy Danny Boom bot's here, you wouldn't be writing this stupid ass article. They see Donald Trump get arrested for, at best, at best a political crime. At best. There was nothing there. And they're thinking, my gosh, a billionaire, former president's a victim of the same system I am.


They tried to make a race thing out of it. It wasn't a race thing. Yes, there were black men and Hispanic men and Hispanic women and Asian women and Asian men who feel aggrieved. But it wasn't a black thing or a Hispanic thing. It was a people getting fucked over thing. Pardon my language, too stupid to understand it. Your New York Times morons, this show has been way ahead of it. If you idiots would've listened to us, you wouldn't find yourself now up the creek without a paddle. You guys don't remember how many shows we did on that. There are people out there who've been screwed over by the same system.


You were too stupid to get your head cranial recto outta your colon and see it. You were lied to the whole time about everything. If you're a lefty, if you're an anti-Trump lunatic, you were lied to. I tried to warn you here. I want you to watch this. This is Andrew Weissman, who you're watching now, if you're a P one, you know who this is. This was Bob Mueller's lieutenant in the Mueller investigation against Trump for the fake collusion hoax. This is also a deep state, DOJ oh, you know, career long hack. An absolute moron, a communist, and a guy to this day who still won't acknowledge his role at the DOJ in the spying operation on Donald Trump.


And the fake collusion thing. People believe this guy now that Jack Smith's case against Donald Trump for a fake insurrection and election interference got tossed yesterday with prejudice, which, what was it without prejudice. They can bring it back up. Sorry. They can bring it back up later. So it's not, we're not all in the clear. He is gonna have to pardon himself. However, now that the case got dumped, these guys are all freaking out. If you would've listened to me rather than these morons, you would've been, okay, check this out. The president said in Alaska, I think, was it just yesterday that it's something that every generation has to fight for And I thought that was, that was unfortunately I, I mean, I think that's right.


And I think that we're living through that And I think we're gonna live through that. As I said, I think regardless of what happens with Donald Trump, it's gonna stay with us and it's gonna be an existing struggle to deal with that phenomenon of making sure that values that we care about are remain core American values. This is really incredible. This guy is whining about Donald Trump beating weaponized government, trying to beat him down after he was a chief mechanic in the actual beatings and lefties. Still take these guys seriously.


Here's another one. One of the big co-conspirators in the spying operation in Donald Trump and covering it up was Dan Goldman. He was one of the house attorneys in the whole collusion hoax thing. These people like Weissman and Goldman, their entire careers are invested in a collusion hoax. And people on the left believe them thinking that n never understanding. We were gonna figure out this was bullshit. Here's Goldman yesterday freaking out. Now that Jack Smith's case has been thrown in the garbage. Why? Because he knows he lied to the American people and the gig is up.


It's over. They have no more leavers. BA now that Donald Trump has won to attack this guy using the mechanics of government. Watch this. I think it is a shame for justice in this country. It establishes that Donald Trump is above the law. The Supreme Court put him above the law in that opinion that Paula just mentioned, but now he appears to escape full accountability for what were crimes charged by a grand jury. And I. I would just add one other thing that we ought to pay close attention to. We cannot normalize the fact that Donald Trump, as the President-elect, should not be held accountable for crimes that he committed before.


You get the point. I I, I really, I can't with these guys anymore. There are no crimes. That's the problem. You think there's going to be any reckoning on the left where they look in the mirror Weissman and Goldman and go, maybe it's time we acknowledge our bullshit to the American people. It is never gonna happen. This is again, why they're freaked out. And all the little deep state accounts on Twitter are so freaked out about people like me and Cash Patel, because we were there from the start, telling you this is all a scam. While, what were they doing? Nothing. No one ever heard of them before. The deep staters are freaked out about cash. Patel, Axios Cash Patel likely to get FBI or DOJ job.


I listen, I don't wanna hear from anyone till I hear from Donald Trump. I'm just saying the shock waves through Washington and the quote gates like shockwaves through Washington. If cash Patel's appointed are for a reason, this is why I tell you, be very careful about the BS artists on social media. There's a reason they won't put their name behind anything. They're deep staters. I can't say this enough. You didn't notice every single person that contributed to getting Trump in the White House and exposing the deep state is all of a sudden a bad guy. Doesn't that make you question just common sense? Hey, listen, who's the real bad guy here?


They don't want cash. There's a whole operation to get this guy basically submarine man. Because he's gonna sit there and uncover where all the bodies are. And that's what led to this. The schism on the left is real. It is real. The lefties are going crazier. Now, the last couple days I've focused on the lefties, okay? How the liberals have gone crazier. The joy reads the Angelo Coones, that they're doubling down on the Nazi racist. They never wanna reflect and look in the mirror. They're in an extinction burst. They're kicking the Coke machine because there's no more reward for their fake narrative bs.


Okay? But there is a wing of the party that is trying to drag the hack com Democrats kicking and screaming to sanity, okay? Produce receipts. I will, here's James Carville, the Raging Cajun or whatever he calls himself. This guy pretends to be a moderate, but it's an act, but it's a good one. He convinces a lot of people. Here he is trying to tell the Democrats how stupid they are about banking their entire political operation on identity politics and wokeness. And they're just doubling down. The schism is real.


It's why we gotta take advantage of this right now. Watch this. The, the, the discussion. Now, I saw Bill Maher, I saw John Stewart, I saw different people in, did it hurt us or did? Of course it hurt us. And and so John Stewart says, well, it couldn't have hurt because no Democrat ran on it. Of of course they didn't run on it because it was even to the most clueless progressive that you could imagine. By that time, they knew it was a disaster. So in order to escape any responsibility of what happened, they said, well, that stuff was never used in 2024.


You're fucking wrong. It was used. See, in politics, in comedy, if you tell a bad joke, who gives a shit? You just tell about a joke and you throw a bad joke away. In politics, if you have a bad policy, particularly one is bad and stupid as this was, you may throw it away. But the other side gets to play. Understand that this is a two-sided thing. Ed, look at the number of ads they ran against Senate can candidates, right? Listen, I know this guy is a lefty, okay?


But what he says at the end is really important. This is not like some thing you CI I think he says a bad joke. You, you, you put forth at a set you're doing in a comedy club where you just move on. Politics isn't like that. Once you go on the record in the modern era of social media and democratize information where video clips live forever and you go out there and sit down and do an interview like Kamala Harris did saying how much you support taxpayer funded castration and sex change operations for prisoners.


There's no going back. You can't say you didn't say it. My team here is too young to remember this, but how many in the chat, remember this? I I'm 50. Any of you in your forties or fifties, do you remember back in college pre-internet, my, are we aging ourselves? But there was a college thing pre pre-internet like it is now. What did you have to do to go find a video clip? You're like, I. Don't know. I couldn't find it exactly. You'd have to go to micro film or something. You'd have to get some tape from someone somewhere hoping somebody had it. Now you know what you do? You go to a search engine, you put in Damon Gino versus Geraldo when a thousand clips come up.


These are not the days of Tom Broka and Walter Cronkite anymore, where you can say something and it disappears into the abyss. Carville's making a point that once you went all in for defund the police, you can say all you want later, I'm not for that anymore. The videos are gonna be used against you. The dumbass Democrats don't understand this. You go crazy once you're crazy forever Because, they, and by the way, it's a lesson for Republicans too. You get squishy and start getting away from conservative ideals that we're gonna use it against you too in primaries. You can't escape this anymore.


Man. I got a little good news, bad news, crystal ball stuff for you here. I don't predict the future. I'm not freaking Carac or the stiggy and witches here, right? Although sometimes on the radio we do have the eye. Here's a little bit of good news, bad news. Trump's Treasury Secretary Scott Besson nominee, we'll see if he gets through. He shouldn't have an issue. I gotta trust that he picked him for a reason. Scott Besson is pushing this thing. Folks, if this happens, I'm gonna tell you something, you better get ready man, because you're gonna be buying yourself a bigger house and a nicer car and putting your kids in great schools. The economy is going to explode. If We can push this BeIN's pushing what he calls the three, three and three economic agenda.


This is according to Communist Axios. Cutting the budget deficit to 3% of GDP. We can do it. The Doge can do it. Achieving 3% annual growth where basically you'd get in a little over a decade, you'd have incomes double real incomes and increasing domestic oil production by 3 million barrels a day. Folks, if We can do those three things, I think We can do more. This is a fantastic idea. People think in threes, remember Herman Kanes, And I, God rest his soul. 9, 9, 9 plan. People think in threes. If We can push this and hit those targets, man, better buy a new wallet to fit all that cheese you're gonna be making. 'cause this is gonna be a totally different economy if We can hit that.


So in my good news, bad news, crystal ball, that's the good news. If this goes through, we're looking at a much better, more prosperous tomorrow. However, good news, bad news, crystal ball, I read this story and reclaimed the net yesterday. I gotta tell you, pay attention to this 'cause this has been freaking me out for a really long time. You see these smart glasses that are out now, remember, Google had the Google glass and now Meta has got them to, this is gonna be a thing very, it's a thing now, but it's gonna be a ubiquitous thing soon. People on the job are gonna have these glasses and they're gonna look at a, a washer from a piece of equipment they're repairing and it's gonna tell you exactly where to get the washer.


And it's gonna say, do you want quickie delivery? Hit here. These glasses have tremendous, tremendous opportunity attached to them for a number of great things. However, as a civil libertarian, ladies and gentlemen, the potential for your privacy to go out the window here is real. You gotta read this article in the newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. If you wanna subscribe, it's free. We send you these articles right to your email box in the morning. They know With a Few Tweaks, Facebook Meta Smart Glasses can expose names, Addresses and Even. Family Details With a Single Glance, good news, bad news, the good news, tremendous opportunities for productivity.


Doctor comes in the office with these glasses on. Boom. He's got your medical history right there, okay? Oh look, you see 'em online right there. RayBan met a Wayfair. They even look like normal glasses. Here's the bad news folks. Your privacy's done. You go outside right now, there're gonna be thousands of people around you with these glasses on. That data's gonna be sold. Your contours of your face and your face print, the AI is gonna know that's you and someone's gonna be able to track you every time you're out in public and buy that data. This is what companies do right now. You don't think the government's gonna do that? Think of the implications for politics.


You're out there at a Donald Trump rally somewhere and you know, maybe some of you don't. Maybe you just wanna go to rally, be left alone. You don't think the government needs to know that it's none of their freaking business. It's your constitutional right to assemble. You don't think they're gonna buy and Scoop that up. You don't think there's gonna be government people buying, buying data about who is around a gun store in any, any given day. Folks, the future, man, if you're a big civil libertarian like me and you believe in civil li civil liberties, this is, this is not the this, the future is. There's a lot of bad news ahead. You gotta be very, this is why we need people in there like the Trump administration and people who are gonna commit, commit to not aggregating and using this data because the potential for abuse is explosive and through the roof, 153,000 today in this Thanksgiving week.


That's a huge crowd. Folks, thank you so much. Thank you for making this yesterday, the number one news live stream in the United States. Again by a long shot. We deeply appreciate it. As I say to my enemies, you can keep trying, but we're just gonna keep kicking your ass and we are enjoying every second of it. I hope you're enjoying getting your ass kicked. Is it fun? Don't worry, we got more if you're enjoying it, that's Great. 'cause we got more for you coming ahead every single day. Can't beat this. Can't take this bungee to arm me down. Keep trying though. I'm enjoying every second of this. Cutesy time is over. Even Jake knows it. Although I keep pointing in the wrong direction. 'cause I forget. Everything's backwards. Wait, you gotta play it again. Cutesy time is over.


There we go. This is actually pointing towards the wall. You got the side shot. Tell this actually point the, that's my PBD. That's Presidential Presidential Protection Division. That was the license plate from the inauguration, one of the presidential inaugurations. Who cares? I'm gonna show all this crap. Please download the Rumble app. We had an amazing day yesterday. Everything went crazy with Rumble. It is the free speech alternative to YouTube. We're signing creators left and right. Everything's going great over there. Download the Rumble app, make it the number one app in the world. You'll get a notification every day when we go live at 11:00 AM If you wanna watch us on the web Rumble dot com slash bonino, just click that follow subscribe button. Also, give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify.


We deeply appreciate it. I will see you back here live tomorrow at 11:00 AM and do not miss the Thanksgiving special with Geraldo. I promise you're gonna like it. It was a lot of fun. See you on the radio show here in a little bit. Back here tomorrow live. You just heard The, Dan, Bongino Show.