
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Lemme tell you something, I have never seen Michael move that fast. I vena's married to an athlete. That dude Aveta. This guy's got mad athletic skills, right? I mean, obviously you You know him better than we do, but he jumped out of that seat. Folks You know how I do karate, man. I gotta be careful with karate man 'cause I can actually hurt myself 'cause I'm old. Any quick movements I'll fall, but not Michael. I What happened? Like, did the screen go out for a second? Michael Lept that, that ass got outta that seat so fast. The dude moved 10 feet, like the freaking flash. I never seen anything like it.


The dude was on top of me like fucking karate man. Who, I'm like, what just happened here? I I was like this. I was like in the defensive posture, you know, in the Secret Service. They have seen the unbendable arm. When you walked through a crowd with the Protectee, you don't let your arm bend that way people get outta the way. They don't want to touch your hand. I was putting the unbendable arm up again. I was like this. I was ready to go full boxing stands. I don't know what just happened, but like my adrenaline, I got a big burst of adrenaline. I was, I was sorry I was getting like the, the gavel to defend myself. He, he, he is man. A total is a Chad. Is that like a thing? I don't know. I'm not into like that. Is that like a word? Does that mean bro? Oh, he is like a jock bro or something Is you are the hockey player.


Very impressive folks. I got a big show for you today on Friday, number one. I'm just gonna say right from this start, I'm still in celebratory mode. You should be too. What is two thumbs and loves Tuesday night? This guy. This guy, okay, I get it. But we've now delivered a mandate, the McCormick Race in Pennsylvania, Arizona. We still got a chance with Kerry Lake. We could have 54 Senate seats and it looks like we're gonna have a house majority. It's not gonna be huge, but it's gonna be a Republican majority. We gave you a mandate. GOP we delivered.


Now it's your turn. Better up. Don't let us down again. Me and my people delivered. We delivered. Now it's your turn. Big show today.


Hey Beam Cyber Sales here. Bonino Listeners. Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's. Biggest sale of the year.


I got that. And one more thing about the Senate Majority Leader before we start today. Rick Scott is the guy. Let everybody know Rick Scott's the guy Rick Scott from Florida is the most conservative choice. He's got my endorsement period.


Hey, everybody's talking about those weight loss injections. 'cause the results are pretty dramatic. They lower your blood sugar and they control your appetite. Listen, I'm gonna be straight with you. If you wanna lose weight, but you don't want injections, maybe you can't afford these shots. You're worried about the long-term risks. The doctors at Brickhouse Nutrition created a supplement called Lean Folks. I could personally vouch I'd get up and like strip and show you I'd do with a Geraldo, but it would be super weird and cringey and you would leave the show in droves. 'cause it would be a weird thing to do. I'm not Geraldo, but I'm telling you, I got super lean on Lean. I lost 30 pounds. You could see it in my face. I was 238 pounds. you know, people see me in person, like I I I ran into Andrea, Anita Groin at, at the event, and I think everybody was surprised at how big and tall I was because you see me sitting down. I'm a pretty big guy. I was 2 38. I lost a bunch of weight with Lean. It's not for the Dieter with only a few pounds to lose. The doctors at Brickhouse Nutrition created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. That was me. I was getting a little, getting a little gooey. I lost 30 pounds. I'm down. I'm actually down more. I'm at about 200 right now. Let's get you started today. Try lean LEAN. You'll get 15% off free rush shipping. Add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Here's the website, write it down. Take lean.com promo code. We love promo codes. Dan 15 for 15% off. You get your discount. That's promo code dan15@takelien.com. Take lien.com. The same of products are not evaluated by the FDA. Not attended. Diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, not a substitute or alternative for care from your healthcare provider.


Alright fellas, let's go folks. We delivered. There is now a mandate. There has been a unanimous swing state sweep. There is a 300 plus electoral college sweep. There is a popular vote sweep. There is a House of Representatives hold. There is a massive expansion of a new Senate Republican majority state houses in Michigan and elsewhere have been taken back by the Republican party. The people, the Bongino Army, the Charlie Kirk Army, the Mark Levin army, the Sean Hannity army. All of these people have their followers. There's a lot of crossover. The Steve Bannon group, there's a ton of people. Benny Johnson, all the big shows we delivered, we delivered.


Our job was to use this thing, the microphone, to motivate the wonderful patriots on the other side of that camera to go and do, to fill in that bubble. We did it. We got it done for you. This is a republic, a representative democracy. It's not a direct democracy. It is not a direct democracy. We elect you to do our bidding. We did it. Now it's up to you to get it done. You have a minimum of two years until the midterms you have two years. We will accept no excuses. I'm not trying to be a dick about it. I'm not trying to be demanding. I'm just telling you the facts. We elected you in a representative democracy to represent us.


We now have demands too. The border closed, the tax cuts renewed. I want healthcare cleaned up and I want the government out of it. I want the regulatory burden of the United States cleaned up school choice. I want the Second Amendment protected. I want this done. Bun Gino army. You want this done or not? Put it in the chat. I wanna see a big yes. Throw an American flag emoji in there too. It is our time now. We have two years to get this done. No excuses. None. I don't want to hear any, oh, we'll get 'em next time. There's no next time. There's now the world is about living in the present. The future hasn't happened yet.


The past is already gone. I'm not a big eckard toll guy, but if you ever read the book to power now, the now is all the matters you are living in. Only the present time is washing over. You do it now. Now we asked, is it bad enough yet? The answer was yes. And we did that. By the way, you delivered again last night, the number one live stream in the world again yesterday, 202,000. We keep kicking ass and taking names. Bonino Army and Damnit, I love you for it. I wanna start out today on a Friday with some good news. Michael, tell me he didn't love this clip at a mooch.


Come on, come on. Just be honest. That's why he jumped outta the chair and got me all. I really, I was ready to go, like do a double leg, take down on the guy. I thought he was like giving a resign and like go loony on me or something like that. That dude jumped up. Like what? Whoa Freaking show Kisuki Ninja style. If you watch the Ninja movies in the, in the eighties and nineties, you know Anthony Scaramucci, he lasted about five minutes as the press secretary humiliated himself and then decided he had a future in the media becoming an anti-Trump dba. You remember that guy? They called him the Mooch. If your nickname is the Mooch, you should seek a new line of work. Here he is. He goes on CNBC with the absolutely incredible Joe Kernan, who I'm really starting to love. Gee, you starting to like this guy, this guy.


He's like, yeah, you know, GUI don't respond. He's like talking to a mouse trap. You're never gonna get an answer outta this guy. So why when he says something, you better listen. Joe Kerin is becoming a rockstar on this show along with Scott Jennings. Here he is, over at Scott Jennings Takes the cake. But Joe Kerin, you're rapidly moving into our number one spot. Here's Joe Kernan at CNBC asking the Mooch, Hey man, are you embarrassed a little bit or humbled for trying to stay on TV with your anti-Trump routine? This is worth savor every second of this gloriousness. This is delicious. Watch this. The, The rhetoric got heated everywhere. You, you got pretty heated Anthony at, at that Time. Well, Joe, how did I get heated? What did I say, Joe, About Trump?


Yeah, what did I say? I said, I repeated what he was saying, Anthony, and I said, this is wrong. Come On, Joe. You, you have a, you have, have had an utter disdain for Trump. You'll always be welcome at the table of Legacy media and have people nodding as you trash Trump. That's always gonna happen. But aren't you the slightest bit embarrassed or at least humbled about how wrong you were, about the feeling of most Americans? Let me finish, show up. And for enthusiastically supporting a candidate who a majority of people thought had no business being anywhere near the Oval Office, and you are a Republican and you, you saw the, all the different policies that she was talking about are anathema to what you thought your whole life and yet you went along with it.


Do you ever eat any crow or not even, even a little crow wing? John? I'm, I'm really sure what, like a little cape on or you just, I mean, Michael Avanti could still be on TV trashing Trump if you'll always find a place on tv. Joe, if he wasn't in prison, he'd still be on CNN running for president with Brian Stelter. Just gimme a little bit. Get a little bit Anthony, about how wrong you were. Dude, do we have the people's elbow? I mean, if there was ever a dropping of the people's elbow, do you see the mooch sitting there? Like, what do I do? What do I say? Somebody have a dippy. Do you have a whitey to clean me up after this? How is this guy even a back on tv?


This guy claims to be this big Republican advocate and I'm fighting for the country by fighting against Donald Trump. And he doesn't have a single thing in response to say his answer was embarrassing. Now let me tell you, he goes back on about the I know Donald Trump's personnel. You don't know better than 75 million people there. Mooch, sit down, shut up. Your time is over. Bye now folks, I never let you down. I try not to. When I tell you something's gonna happen, it's because I'm getting it either from sources or from having done this now 15 years and been involved in this movement. I can see things and see around corners coming from a mile away.


I told you six months ago that if Kamala Harris is to become the nominee and Joe Biden drops out, that when she loses go back and listen to the shows, the Democrat cannibalism theory is going to be like nothing you've ever seen. You ever see that movie alive where they eat each other in the mountains? This they, the eating of each other. They didn't even wait to start starving. They've got a plate of McDonald's in front of them and they're just eating each other anyway. They are slicing each other to ribbons right now. And I'm sorry man, but it is glorious to watch glorious Axios Communist newsletter this morning. Deep Democrat depression.


One big thing right at the top. The Harrison Biden camps are now blaming each other. Yes, yes. Finger pointing advisors to Vice President Harris and Biden. Agree on one thing. President-elect Trump's victory is the other one's fault. Axios is Alex Thompson rights. It goes on with a manifesto about how Biden thinks. Kamala sucks and Kamala thinks Biden should have got out sooner. I'm gonna say yes, yes. Keep it going. Eat each other. I hear there's a lot of meat around the rump region. Keep it up. We are enjoying every second of this. You spent the last few years calling us Nazis, fascists, racist, misogynists, rednecks, clit, clingers, bitter, bitter clingers.


You called us every nasty name in the book Clits. It's like bittering, clingers at one. Even worse. Now is our time. That's what you get. And I'm gonna say this is a big wow here. I'm kind of stunned. you know, jank from the Young Turks came on my show. We had a respectful debate. Debate. Some of you in the chat liked it. Some of you preferred the Dan Bongino Show regular edition. That's okay. Jenk asked to come on a conservative podcast. He is a liberal. I thought we had a very good substantive debate. If you in the chat liked it, I appreciate it.


but I, I would do it again. This is one of the first times on Twitter at least that Jen and I agree. This guy's a liberal. You saw him on the show. Watch this. Put this up on the screen. The Democrats on tv. This is from Jenk, a liberal, the Democrats on TV calling Latino men sexist for voting on Trump are the dumbest people in the world. This is punching yourself in the face for the next election. You think they're gonna vote for you after you smear 'em like this? They didn't cost you the election your beloved Democrat establishment did. How about you deliver for them next time instead of insulting them? How about you ask more of your candidates rather than blaming the voters? This is exactly why you lost us.


Holy Moses, me and Jen agree on something. If I go on his show, which I said I would WI would, I'm gonna tell him, Hey, before we disagree on everything else, which we will tax policy healthcare, I agree with you there. The Democrats now engaged in this. Let's crap on each other. Warfare. They're gonna destroy their party for two to four years. It is our turn now for the next two years while we have the majority, while they're busy beating up each other, it is our turn now to get it done. We have a mandate run with it. Don't kick the football score the damn touchdown down folks. The recriminations continue.


Now, my cannibalism theory was right, I'm sorry, but we're taking the freaking WI told you, if we pull this thing out and we focus, the left would eventually turn their ire on themselves. And you're seeing it right now. Here's Kain. Jean Pierre yesterday at the White House finally asked a question about why they screwed this election up so bad, calling people Nazis, Biden, getting now too late and she has no answer. She's sitting, well, she never has an answer to anything. But of all the bad KJP moments, this is easily top two or three. Watch this. You talked about the influence that 2022 midterms had on the president's thinking to decide to run for reelection.


But around that time in 2023, Paul showed that roughly 80% of Americans believed at that time that the president was too old to serve another term. Did he believe those voters were wrong? What he believed is what 14 million voters decided in the primary to make him and the vice president. Obviously she was on the ticket, the nominee. That's what happened. 14 million for. For this current past primary 14 million Americans decided that. So they made their decision on who they wanted. They did. That was decided. Now, as we know, in July, the president made a decision to step aside and he immediately again decided to, without thought, without you know, second guessing, endorsed the vice president.


So you had 14 million Americans who made that decision in the primary. This is this answer. Did you guys catch that? There were two things in there, right? Did you catch 'em? Number one, she says 14 million Americans made their decision. They did. 14 million Americans, whatever picked Biden after the Biden team told everyone else, Gavin Newsom, others, you better stay out of this primary. Then she goes, Biden, 14 million Americans would never pick Kamala Harris Biden without even thinking about it. Pick Kamala Harris. Does she not understand what his cell phone that is? Instead of considering the downsides of Kamala Harris and him pushing everyone else out of the race so he could win and then just bail out.


He never even thought about the downsides of his hapless vice president who he picked for all the wrong reasons, according to his own words, folks, I told you the recriminations would start. Now I get it. I always like to give you both sides of even my show. By the way, thank you for making us top five on pod track. I'm sorry, but I owe you a huge thank you. We had an amazing week number one, pretty much all week live streaming. Number one, election night. Love you guys. Pod Track just came out with their October rankings, one of the best trackers in the country. Fifth most popular podcasts in the country. Thanks to you. I love you guys so much. I should have said at the beginning of the show, but again, why is this show popular?


Because the stuff we say is gonna happen is gonna happen. But you may be saying to yourself fairly enough, alright, enough of that bullshit. Why are we wasting time on the left going after themselves? Because this has an important tactical advantage for the show folks and for the movement. There is limited time in a day, obviously. I mean, nothing I'm saying here is groundbreaking. Correct? There's 24 hours, you are probably up and working for eight to 12 of 'em, right? If those eight to 12 hours of Democrat time, activist groups, focus groups, politicians and bureaucrats are spent shitting on the other people in your movement and blaming them, they're not spent going after Donald Trump. Do you get it? There's an actual tactical value for keeping this going.


Let them beat the shit out of each other electorally politically for the next two years while we move a positive conservative agenda moving forward. Here it is again. Here's Simone Sanders, who is a very, very vocal, far left liberal. Here she is calling out the, the, the Harris team for quote, stab a public stabbing of Joe Biden. Keep this up in the left wing media. The more time you go after each other, the less time you have to invent in fake Russian PP tape hoaxes with us. Watch this. I do have an indictment of some of the strategy and again, the people that said Joe Biden was the problem.


Where's my camera? He was not the solution. He was, he was not the solution. I will just note that, I will just note that it is probably not the best idea that Democrats orchestrated a very public stab fest, a proverbial stabbing in the front of the sitting president of the United States of America and then didn't use him in his hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania. Public stabbing folks. Listen, I I I am not obviously a huge fan of Simone Sanders. I'm not a huge of Jen's politics either. But when people say something that's correct, it's up to me as a tactician on the political side to not just, you know, waft it off and say, that's bullshit.


She's a hundred percent correct. Joe Biden unbelievably is still very popular in Scranton and working class Pennsylvania. Would Joe Biden have won the race for Kamala folks? No. It was a blowout in Pennsylvania. Would Kamala Harris have been more competitive and maybe had a different strategy in the last few days if she was a little closer in Pennsylvania? Maybe Simone Sanders is 100% correct. They kicked Joe Biden right in the gonads after he picked her, the least qualified person to run for vice president. And now the recriminations have begun. Go watch the shows, man. I told you this was gonna happen because they all have reputations.


I want you to understand something and I gotta take a quick break. I'm running a little late, but I want this is important. You may say, Dan, if they know this is a net negative for the party, why are they all doing this? I've run for office. I'm gonna tell you right now, money folks, you cannot run as a pollster, a focus group organizer or someone like Kamala Harris who's gonna go out on the speaking circuit. You cannot make money if you've lost all your political capital. If every one of your predictions was wrong and you got smoked in an election, Kamala Harris and all her people are about to become Michael Dukakis. Who's Michael Dukakis exactly. He was the Massachusetts governor who got his ass kicked in a presidential election by George HW Bush, never to be heard from again.


That's what they're afraid of. Money. They don't wanna work anymore. They want to go give speeches and now they can't. That's what this is about. You think this is gonna stop Dan, don't warn them off. They're gonna stop. I promise you, they are not gonna stop. They're going to eat each other alive trying to save their reputations.


Man, I took this last night that I needed you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's the toll poor sleep can take on your life, but there is hope on the horizon. Beams dream powder. They sent me some a long time ago. It is a fantastic product. See, we're sleeping well. We can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life does our way. Those other sleep aids they cause the next day grogginess. It's no good. What's the point of getting good sleep then? Beam's Dream Powder contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, Apogen, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refreshed, really synergistic products. They've never, there's never been a better time to try Dream Shop their cyber sale. Get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. You've heard me talk about Beam Stream powder all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop b eam.com/bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. Thanks be folks.


The recriminations aren't gonna stop. Now, the problem the left wing media is having right now is they, not all of them, there are some of them. I mean, van Jones, van, I'll, I'll play some of that on Monday. I've got a lot of this to talk about. But people like Van Jones are starting to, and, and folks, please, I'm not celebrating these people I know you in the in, in the, in the chat. You're my homies. You're you're my people. You're, you're, you're the army out there. I get it. I don't want you to think like this is a laudatory moment. Get that head off the screen if you could. Guys, the Ed, I I I'm not celebrating these people. They've been against us for a long time. I really appreciate it. I I I get what you're saying. I'm just trying to say that the overwhelming majority of the liberal movement has still not acknowledged that their problem was policy.


So there, if you can't acknowledge, I'm folks in the chat. I'm I messing this up. I'm not explaining this right as the audience ombudsman, Michael, this isn't making sense. I'm, this is one of those things. You ever read the book by Scott Peck called The People of a Lie. It's an amazing book. He's since passed, but he wrote The Road Less Traveled. I don't mean to get too long-winded about this, but it's a really powerful book by a very prominent psychiatrist about how some people, their entire lives is about a lie even to themselves. They do the wrong thing. Whatever they do, they, they, they hurt someone and they they blame it. Everything's blamed. The Left is at that point.


Now, they have not yet accepted that their radical position on trans issues, the culture wars, identity politics are the problem. So they're still looking to blame. So they're out there fishing. I want you to watch the CNN segment, you'll see what I mean. There's this stunning data out there and they just, there's no, they can't just accept that it's them. They can't accept it. They're not ready for the moment yet. Watch this, check this out. And so one thing that I think stands out also, we can't have this conversation a little bit to your point Dana, is that maybe it's not so much Democrats policies or messaging or the words that they use specifically, but there is an entire right wing media ecosystem.


Yes. It doesn't exist on the left. It does not exist. Yes, it does not exist in the center or mainstream. And people are getting their information in very different ways now. And Donald Trump and Republicans and Elon Musk and Joe Rogan know exactly how to reach Americans where they are regardless of age and demographic. And that pa played a big role in this because of the fact of like, that whether it was disinformation, misinformation or different propaganda that they were feeding to the American public that made them feel the way they did. And that, and the American public felt as though that, that, that, that they were being heard by Donald Trump Folks. Put the fast company thing up. Just leave it up while I'm talking. I'm not even gonna just leave it up on the screen if you would.


The next thing you guys read this headline. I'll explain to it for the audio listeners in a second. Ah, screw it. How the right won podcasting and helped Donald Trump win the election. Alright, there you go. 'cause he's gonna be like, we got audio listeners. He doesn't lie. I wanna leave out the Apple and Spotify listeners, especially on the band. That clip is amazing for all the reasons you think it is. There's this lady on there trying to find blame, never acknowledges it all that it's the issues. Matter of fact, ducks the whole question. And then what does she do? She goes immediately to this, basically this fast company headline, man. It's the right wing podcasters, the Dan Bonino, the Joe Rogans, the Theo Vons, the Sean Ryans, the Undertaker all podcast Donald Trump was on and was gonna be on.


Oh he did most of them. I think he did all of them. They did it. But she never once nor does anyone on the panel say, what, where am I going with this? Anyone in the chat. Know, come on, get outta me. Powerful. But why is it our, why are you here? Why in the chat are you here? Why aren't you on CNN? It's an honest question. It's not a trick. Why? Why don't you watch CNN I'm not setting you up. Yes, because they bullshit you. No one on CNN at any point goes. How is it that? Dee, can you pan out? Use camera two. I wanna show you something you guys haven't, we're moving it to the new studio soon, folks. This is the studio you are like Dan.


That's it. Yeah folks, this is it. How Avita, how big do you think this room is? I dunno. Small. Probably like a college, small college dorm room. You are telling me there's four people in here. It's me, Avita, gee and Michael. Justin's out. He's going to school or something like that. Justin. Justin still hasn't graduated yet. We love him. There are four people in a converted apartment in a small room going up against a billion dollar enterprise in CNN and M-S-N-B-C and others. Why are you here? Why are we kicking their ass every single day? How is it Avita that 27,000 live streamers did that?


She's like a top 50 live streamer in the world. She's been podcasting like six months. Why? Because we don't lie to you. There is not a moment of introspection here at all. Folks. How the right, put that headline up again. Gee, please. How the right one podcasting. Let me answer it for you. We don't fuck with people. CNN could have won podcasting a long time ago. CNN excommunicated, all Of us. CNN won't even have us on the air. You're not even allowed to be on there unless you're Scott Jennings. You're the only right wing or even allowed or new network. CNN could have had a reasonable Harold Ford Jr.


Type left wing podcast that told the truth. And I'm telling you, they could likely be successful too. They just don't wanna do it. They just don't wanna do it. And now I want you to watch this next. Joe Scarborough has gone mad at M-S-N-B-C Dan. He was already mad. He's gotten mad or even crazier. I mean like the Mad Hatter. you know that hat when they used to make hats, they made 'em with those chemicals. It was like a mercury compact. Everybody. That's where Mad Hatter comes from. When men wore top hats, top top hats. Watch Scarborough in their morning Joe team at M-S-N-B-C because now the right one podcasting because we told people the truth and they're tired of being lied to and they're dumping these channels.


What do they wanna do? Instead of using a corrective mechanism? Like let's start telling the truth. Nope, they wanna censor us. I'm not kidding. And they're not even quiet about it. Watch this, sir. I just got a text from a member of Congress saying, you know, something else we need to look at is how people are turning to social media podcasts and other non-traditional sources for their news and also news stations that aren't news. And I canvased in all of the battlegrounds, I was shocked by the amount of Misinformations voters were truly repeating back to me. Truly shocked. I do believe this is what caused the collapse of the Democrats nationwide.


You cannot win when people believe lies. Folks, I'm really trying to control the language today. 'cause I, you know, I I get it. I, I I'm passion matters. But do you understand the dip shits these people are, they can't figure out why they lost. They can't figure out why people are tuning into right wing podcasts yet the answer is right in front of their face. We've been lying and they haven't. And instead of saying, let's stop lying and let's, let's, let's replicate genius and not create mediocrity. Their answer is let's put the genius outta business and keep the mediocrity going.


They can't stop. I'm gonna take out my last break and I'm gonna show you on the other side of this, this listen to me. This is important. This is why the left is always surprised by us always. We didn't see Trump coming in 2016. They didn't see Trump coming in 2020 where I think he was successful. They didn't see him coming in 2024. Why? Because their entire army of moron, followers believes bullshit. The collusion hoax, hunter's laptop was Russian. That's why they're always surprised. I got two clips coming up. One about the 2020 election too. Dan, it's 2024. No, no, I promise it's important. And you'll see why you guys are never surprised and they are.


Last break, come back. Lot of show left.


Hey, the world's on edge right now. We've seen media stoke, animosity, the point of violence, the weaponization of our legal system and political instability. You have no idea what's coming next. I train with this system. I'm so glad to have 'em back. Folks, please check this out if you have a firearm. I Target Pro is the training system I use. How does it work? There's a laser round and an app where you can practice safely with your actual firearm in the privacy and convenience of your own home. I target pro comes in most calibers from nine millimeter. 2, 2, 3. You can train with almost any firearm. Competitive shooters use it. Military police, they drive fire drills as part of their military as part of their training. I like it folks. It helps me work on my sight alignment, my sight picture, my grip, all of it. My finger pressure on the trigger. All of this stuff matters. I target Pro will save you a ton of money on ammo and range fees. Listen, the range is important no doubt. But you can't go every day. It gets expensive. You gotta drive there. This allows you to practice any time in your own home and efficiently. My dad loves it too. Here's the website. Pick this system up today. Train with bonino.com. Go today, save 10%, plus get free shipping on your I Target Pro system. Don't be fooled by knockoffs. Get the original dry fire training system they've been with me forever. The website train with bonino.com. Train safe. Train Smart train with I targett that train with bonino.com. T-R-A-I-N train with bonino.com.


And our last sponsor today is Genelle. Hey, the Genelle Stark Spot Corrector is back on sale@genuscell.com. The corrector helps reduce the appearance of sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, and even red inflamed patches. All could disappear in front of your eyes during the Genus Cell Black Friday sale. Their jawline treatment is also on sale@genuscell.com. Nothing helps tighten and sculpt the sensitive skin in the jawline and neck area. Like this amazing jawline formula with Genus sell's proprietary technology. It's Paula's favorite skincare. You saw how she looks. Jenny sells proudly made in the USA plus. New cus new customers will save an additional 50% off off the website sell prices automatically at checkout. These are the best prices on genus cell luxury in their 25 year history ladies and gentlemen. So go ahead. Indulge in the best skincare and the best value in skincare. Go to genus cell.com now. Order their complete skincare package. It includes our classic bags in puffing his treatment and immediate effects, all at huge discounts and plus an additional 50% off your first order of checkout. You'll be amazed at your money back, no questions asked. It's simple. Go to jen sell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow as a special gift. Every package order includes a limited edition beauty box with two skincare essentials absolutely free with your order right now. GEN ucl genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan. Thanks Genus sell.


Okay, I wanna show you this clip. Get back to let's refocus on what I was talking about here. I appreciate your patience. The left lies to the audience. We don't therefore we win. And they're losing very simple. However, the penalty for the left is real. Their people, folks are always surprised when the truth comes out. Even about the 2020 election. Here's what I mean. I'm gonna play the Stephanie Rule clip sums up again precisely why censorship creates a constant state of confusion on the left, the left. Listen to me, however crazy you think this sounds, Avita you. You were in college when this was going down. Am I crazy? There are leftists who actually believe maths massed work on your college campus.


Correct? They believed it, right? The The N95 ones and Everything. oh yeah. Avita fought this harder than anyone on college campuses. There are leftists, I swear to you who believe putting a diaper on your face worked. Do I know you're laughing at why? Because they don't listen to the Dan Bongino Show where we were banned on YouTube for telling people you're wasting your time. So they were stunned when studies came out later like, that shit don't work. They were also now shocked about the 2020 election. Listen to Stephanie Rule, who again, their first response is to censor us so their own people don't see the truth. Totally ignoring the penalty. Watch this. We have now let misinformation become the accepted information. It is washed over us. Elon Musk, he buys Twitter and then he uses it almost exclusively to be a propaganda machine.


And we've accepted it. We've accepted a narrative that despite an actually great economic recovery, the vibes don't feel good. So we wanna reject it and get something else. And the person we are now betting on to change all of it is Donald Trump, a man who did two almost impossible things. He won the American presidency twice and he drove a casino into the ground. They just can't tell their audience the truth. They just can't do it. They are incapable of it. So they have to push for the censorship. I want you to watch this clip here that now you're gonna see them say, Hey man, that 2020 election, which people like me avita, and we were like, gosh, these numbers, I'm sorry, they just don't make sense.


How did Joe Biden get 81 million votes? No one denied the election. The election happened. I'm not an election denni, but as an American citizen, I'm free to ask questions. Unfortunately I was forced to accept Biden as the president. We did. Or did it? Was there a revolt? The answer right there was no insurrection cut. The bullshit Chewbacca guy gimme a break. But we were free to say, this doesn't sound right. The left is now totally stunned that 14 million votes from 2020 seemed to have disappeared. Totally shocked by this. Not you. You've been asking this question for four years. Watch this. Kamala Harris received about 14 million fewer votes than Joe Biden did four years ago.


Yeah, that is a staggering number. And they have a lot of figuring out to do. And that process begins right now. That just kind of ended funny. Did I cut that like that? Is that a damn Barto special? Sometimes Gee's, like you, you have the weirdest cut. Sometimes I cut in the middle of the sentence. The guy's stunned. Where is the 14 million? Where did they go? Never considers the possibility at all folks that a large chunk of those votes were never there. What do you mean they were never there? You did a mass mail-in ballot election during a covid crisis when the New York Times themselves acknowledged in their own writing just 10 years ago that rejection and fraud were rife with mail-in ballot elections.


The New York Times wrote that. If you're gonna call me a conspiracy theorist, then can you at least acknowledge that you played a role in it as well? Exposing the problems with mail-in balloting. They are always, I'm giving you both sides, correct? I told you a mass mail-in ballot election in 2020 was gonna be a problem. Here's the New York Times saying it. Do you notice they never do the same? No one at all after the 2020 election was playing conservatives like me and Avita on, on their channel going, Hey, you know what? Maybe we shouldn't dismiss these guys. It does seem a little anomalous that Joe Biden got 81 million votes. No one. That's why we always come up and surprise them folks.


They are stunned by this. I wanna show you two maps. They cannot figure this out. We told them immigration was a problem. They didn't listen. They were listening to the Dan, Bongino Show. And reading my chat, you could have told 'em how many people in the chat help the left out right now? Was immigration the number one or number two issue? Yes it was. No it wasn't. Chat. Burn that thing up right now, lefties, this is the greatest focus group ever. There are now 181,000 people. This is definitely the biggest live stream in the world right now. What? You have 181,000 people. This is the biggest poll you're ever gonna take. How many people think a LE Immigration was a big issue? Help the left out right now.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me stop at in a Joyce. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Thank you. The left is stunned. Put up the map in 2020 at Texas. Here's the 2020 map for Donald Trump. You notice the border counties, they're largely blue. Here's 2024. Oh look, those border counties turned mostly red. They're stunned by this. How is it that Hispanic voters on the border are not voting for us and are open border policies? Because they're not freaking robots. Dude, they are Americans. They bust their ass and no lefties.


They're not cleaning your toilets and cutting your lawn. Stop talking about Hispanic voters like they're your damn servants. They're not. They're fucking engineers. Their pilots, they're cops. Their border patrol. They serve in our military. The guy who cut my elbow open and fixed my arm was a Spanish guy. He's not cleaning my fucking toilet ball assholes. My wife is Colombian. She's a very talented internet and database developer. She's not cleaning the damn toilet.


Maybe if you stop talking to people, sorry about the language, but like fucking assholes, maybe they would vote for you. You wanna focus group dipsticks. You're getting it now. Hispanic voters are not cleaning our toilet bowls, okay? They don't wanna be talked to like morons. Here's another one that surprised them. Here's California hat tip. Joel Pollock. There's 2020. California to me at least landmass wise, looks mostly red. Now granted not the population centers, I understand that. I'm not naive ladies and gentlemen, that's a huge change.


Maybe if you stop talking to people again like they're your bathroom cleaners, maybe. Maybe they would start treating you a little better at the polling locations too. Folks, I'm sorry man, you keep calling us. We're not the racist You are. You don't think it's a, you think it's an accident. The only groups Kamala Harris did better with were highly super educated white people and non-religious folks. Everywhere else she got crushed talking to black voters. Like they're like that. you know you're black voters weed man. What do you think? What? What do you think every black voter out there is like that? That's all they care about is weed. Maybe stop talking to people like they're freaking criminals and drug users.


You Hispanic voters. Who's gotta clean your toilets? What? Clean your toilets. I'll tell you who fixed my elbow. Yeah, a Spanish guy he didn't wanna be talked to. Like he cleans fucking toilet bowls for a living. Black voters don't wanna be talked to. Like they're all criminals. We got weed man. We got weed, bro. Maybe go into the barbershop like Trump did. 'cause you know what? Black business owners own barbershops. They don't own weed stores. You got black cops, black pilots, black officers in our military, got one of 'em running our military.


Now you think they wanna be talked to like they're your servants. It's like Biden says the guy running that outfit Over there. It's like, oh, that's, oh man. Gee, I wish I had that. That gee just nailed it. And you, yes, there's a black man in charge of our military right now. And you know what Biden calls him? That guy running him. He doesn't even know his name. The black guy. The The black guy, right? He doesn't even know his name. Folks, I wanna make a heartfelt appeal. The black voters and Hispanic voters who opened their eyes to the GOP for the first time. Listen man, I'm speaking for the party and tell me in the chat, you know you agree with me.


This is your home. You are welcome here. We are never gonna judge you by where you're from, what your skin color is, what God you worship. We are gonna judge you by one thing. How much you love, liberty and freedom, man. That is it. And if you doubt me, I'm begging you on bended knee. I will humble myself right now. Please. You show up at a Trump rally and you watch how you're welcomed with open arms, you will never be celebrated more. We want you, we are asking you for your vote. The other side talks to you like you clean their freaking toilet bowls. That's bullshit.


And it's why they are always surprised. Sorry man. But if you've listened to my podcast from the beginning and I got some emails from people yesterday who have people who've been there, you know, our failures in the black and Hispanic community have driven me crazy. I don't know what else we need to do. And finally, Donald Trump's greatest gift to the Republican party is gonna be to open the eyes of a bunch of people who we are ready to welcome with open arms. God bless you man. It is good to see you. You're home. Now folks, this may be the greatest compliment of all from a left wing media person.


Really? You're never gonna believe who it's from. The Republican party, the MAGA movement, the Libertarians we're never surprised. We understand the left because we study them because we see them as people with bad ideas. They see us as bad people with ideas. So they don't even pay attention to what our ideas are. Do you get the difference? We don't do that. We understand them and they don't understand us. It's why we won the TikTok game. It's why we won. Won the social media game. It's why we won the meme wars. People like that Dilly meme team and these other just savaging them. And you know why? Because ladies and gentlemen, we are stone cold killers. Oh my gosh.


Are you calling for violence? No, not at all. Not even my words. I'm repeating the words of Brian Williams and NBC. Yeah, verbatim. Listen yourself. Always have a full autopsy, Brian. Yeah. Whenever you figure out if you lose it, what did we do wrong? That's A broad, How do we fix this? The only thing we knew for certain heading into tonight was the party on the losing end would have to strip down. Yep. Do an autopsy, do an assessment. Look at their bench, look at what they did wrong. I've always said something culturally, which is simplistic flip and half comical, but half serious. And that is constitutionally culturally, Democrats tend to be former student council presidents.


Earnest recycling enthusiasts, right? Republicans in the modern era in politics have been stone code killers. Yeah. And that's just it. He is right. Greatest compliment of all. He's right. That was Amazon. I've associated him with NBC. But he did Amazon coverage that night. Who would've thunk it? Brian Williams of all people. A career spent in misinformation telling people a bunch of bullshit about what he did. Who would've thunk it? That he's the, you can't even do math. By the way, if You know the Bloomberg thing, You know what? I'm the mar, the Mar gay Bloomberg thing.


you know what I'm talking about? Who would've thunk it? Brian Williams is the first guy to wake up and go, gosh, these guys aren't fucking around anymore. Nah man, we're not. I want you to listen to their surprise here too. I want you to listen to surprise on the view again, you wanna see why the left? We will, if this continues, we will consistently over the long run outrun them and recruit greater portions of Hispanic black voters, female voters into our movement. 'cause we're in the right and we understand the truth and they don't. Sonny Hostin has absolutely humiliated herself on the view. Sonny Hostin. I say this candidly, putting my emotions aside may have cost Kamala Harris probably a million votes.


Her question to Kamala Harris on the view, would you do anything different from Biden where she said, no, I can't think of anything. Probably cost her a million votes, maybe more. I can't prove that. I can't prove a counterfactual. And what would've happened if she didn't say it? I don't know. It was devastating. It was used in every Trump ad, Sonny Hostin, how she's still employed by the view. I'm not recommending a fire her. I don't really give a shit. I don't watch the show. I'm just saying probably cost Kamala Harris the election. This woman has been devastating to her and she knows it. She still cannot reckon with why this thing went wrong. I want you to listen to this clip and you're gonna see, watch what she says about uneducated white women in one of the most condescending, disgusting moments.


This is what they think of you. Toilet bowl cleaners, weeds, smokers, felons. This is what you are to them. And now she throws in the pile uneducated white women. Keep in mind, she's talking about uneducated. Not that you are a parent, you're, if you're a parent, she uneducated in that you may not have her college degree. So you're a moron. Watch this. So why do you think that uneducated white women voted against their reproductive health freedoms? And why do you think Latino men voted in favor of someone that's going to deport, says he's gonna deport the majority of his Community? I don't think white women like being called uneducated white women. I think the economy, that's what matters.


National security matters. That's what, but, but when you put people in these boxes, I think that's a takeaway from this race. We, we have. We have to look at, yeah, at the demographics of it. It is so important. You understand the takeaway from this? It is, they cannot accept the fact that treating people like a spreadsheet tool and like, and toilet bowl cleaners is never gonna build long-term political loyalty to your brand. And when you've got a bunch of stone cold killers to use Brian Williams or who are recruiting people into the movement every single day, the Pressler, the meme folks out there, all the people out there trying desperately to recruit into the Republican party, you, you have no long-term solution to this.


Here. Here's Scarborough again. They're not only stunned by what I showed you before, the Texas border map, the California map, these liberal states, they're stunned about what happened in New York. Trump sliced his deficit in half. New Jersey, Trump almost won. That almost came within striking distance in New Jersey. They're stunned at Illinois. They can't believe it. They're not ready to accept that they're the problem folks. I'm telling you right now, the Scott Presler model in Pennsylvania of going to gun shows and registering voters. Listen to me now, please. This is an important tactical point. If they continue this confusion, we have an opportunity in two years to sneak up on them again. If we can transplant the Presler model to New York and New Jersey, there's a governor's election coming up in New Jersey.


Listen to me. We can turn that state red. It's gonna take time, but I'm telling you it can be done because they just aren't ready to do the work. Presler and you out there, the activists have done to turn Pennsylvania and other states like Nevada Red Look, they're still confused. Listen to Scarborough. This wasn't just a loss in those states. Democrats only won in Illinois by Four Points. Only won in New Jersey by five points. Bleeding support in New York. You can go around the country. It's bad. Not just for Kamala Harris.


They don't get it. They don't understand because they don't want to even attempts to try to understand where you think they're ready to engage in a reckoning. Like this clip. I know I have a lot of clips, but I want you to leave for the week. So happy that not only were we snuck up on 'em, but they still, we've snuck up on them. We're sitting there in front of their faces like ninjas and they still don't understand what's going on. Here's Claire McCaskill, a hapless former Democrat senator from Missouri who, Missouri, who got smoked by Josh Hawley. Air mc. Air Claire McCaskill. Look it up. It's kind of hilarious. This is my favorite. This is my favorite clip of the show too. She starts out great. She's like, man, we just can't read the American people.


And you're like, wow, the Democrat bad news. The Democrats are gonna finally get it and then quickly watch her pivot right away to, because Donald Trump's like the worst and all this people suck too. Watch this, check this out. Well, first I think we have to acknowledge that Donald Trump knows our country better than we do. I think he figured out that anger and frankly fear were way more powerful than appealing to people's better angels. That anger and fear were gonna work in this election. Whether you're afraid of immigrants or afraid of people who are trans, he, he figured that out.


You, I I can't you get the point? You I I, that gee's favorite clip. I think it was mine too. Yeah, just when you think they got it. Donald Trump seems to have his finger on the pulse of America and he got it. Maybe we should pay attention to that polls rating. And she's like all racist. Yeah, because you all a bunch of racist, misogynist, fascist Nazi animal slob, toilet pole cleaners, they can't do it, bro. Even gilo, he never lay. He didn't even answer question you. They can't do it. They can't do it. Hey, tell your friends to tune in now. It's the most important part of the show. Serious. I'm gonna give you a second Go grab. We're at 188,000. It's not even about the numbers. This is important. Go grab your friends. Everybody tune in right now.


Okay. You ready folks? We got an important mission ahead Monday. We gotta get to personnel. Donald Trump has to put together a team now to take back America. Folks, I am in this I promise you for one thing, a lot of, I put out a tweet last night about my friends in the business and how this business is full of people who are phonies and fakes. And they are. And a lot of people over the last few days have shown me their true colors. If you got a text from me about something and you didn't respond, I just want you to know, like delete my number. 'cause we did a lot for people and I'm kind of pissed off at some people out there.


We have work to do now and I have one person's interest in mine that is supporting Donald Trump. I like other people, but my loyalty is to President Trump in the chat. I know that's you too. And he needs to surround himself with a solid, strong team of people. So I'm not trying to be a dick about this, but there are people who have no business being in this administration at all. And it's our job. We're not here to make friends. You want friends, get a freaking dog. They'll be great. They'll love you no matter what. That's not me. A lot of So-called friends abandoned me too after they got what they wanted. It's fine. We're number one. I don't need you. You need me. Don't ever forget that. You need my army.


I don't need shit from you. Mike Pompeo is an absolute no go in the White House. I'm sorry, Mike Pompeo has turned at every opportunity on Donald Trump. I'm hearing from sources. Mike Pompeo was responsible for the appointment of Gina Hasell at the ccia A after him who destroyed the Trump administration and did nothing about the Hunter laptop letter. Mike Pompeo is an absolute no-go. Our friends cat turd and others, please. I'm asking you no Pompeo hashtag no Pompeo whatever hashtag you want. Kat turds better at this than me. No Pompeo.


Donald Trump's team knows who to pick, but we know who not to. And if you doubt me, listen to this clip of Mike Pompeo turning on Donald Trump immediately on the classified documents case immediately before he even had the facts. You want this guy on the inside that's a fucking no watch this. Two things I think are both true at this point. First, if the allegations are true, and there's lots of indications that they are President Trump had classified documents where he shouldn't have had them. And then when given the opportunity to return to meet, he chose not to do that for whatever reason. That's just Brian, you, you talked about me having classified documents. I handled thousands and thousands of them over my time in Congress.


And then as a CI director and secretary of state, I suppose we can all make mistakes and get 'em to the wrong place, but when somebody identifies that, you gotta turn them in. And so that's just, that's inconsistent with protecting America's soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines. And if the allegations are true, some of these were pretty serious, important documents. And so that's wrong. Absolutely. No. Mike Pompeo folks, we gave the Republican Party a mandate from the presidency to the Senate, to the house, to state houses. We did it. We did this. You guys did it. You are the ones who went out and filled in little circles in the voting booth and brought 10 people with you. The Bino Army did it. The Levin Army did it.


The Hannity Army, Glen Beck, all of 'em, Charlie, Kirk, Benny, Steve Bannon, all of them deserve credit. It's not just about us. Some of you watch those other shows too. Avid is growing Duffy division. We did it. We don't want this guy. It's not personal. I don't know him. I don't wanna know him. Not this guy. You've got thousands of qualified patriots who supported Donald Trump from the beginning. I don't want any people on the inside who the second the going gets tough are gonna bail on him. He didn't even know the facts for that case. And one on Fox News and open up his mouth throwing this guy under the bus. No way. No more Jeff Flakes. No more MIT Romneys.


No more Liz Cheneys. I want loyalty to the constitution and process. And what you just saw, wasn't it, Donald Trump was given no process at all. Constitutional norms were thrown out the window and his first instinct was to go on Fox and shit all over him. No freaking way, man. No Pompeo. We did this. I'm not asking for, I don't want anything. I don't want a job. I don't need anybody's money. I don't need shit. I want a government that works. And I want people around Donald Trump that are gonna support him. 'cause I care about him personally and professionally and that guy, ain't it? Zero chance folks.


Reach out to our friend Kat Turd, please. We need his help. He'll figure out a hashtag. No Pompeo is easy. Whatever you guys want. I don't care. But absolutely no. Mike Pompeo, this guy is an establishment swampy who will turn on him in a second. We need people who are tough and hardcore. We need Cash Patel in there. We need Devin Nunes types people who are ready to get to business. Right? Folks, thank you for an amazing week, man. About 190. So 2000 more people got that message. Spread the word. Folks, thank you so much for making us the number one live stream this week. Number one live stream yesterday, number one live stream on election night.


You guys matter so much to me, man. Bonino Army, everything's for you. You guys have made my life so incredibly rewarding. I can't even tell you in words. It's all I want. A lot of people abandon me. You know and that's all right. I'm a Queen's kid. I live by the code, like I'll deal with it. That's fine. But you never did. You made this show a powerhouse. And if we gotta do it alone, I know you're my friends and you'll be with me and we'll do it. We'll do it together. We don't need them. Thank you so much. Please download the Rumble app. You wanna subscribe to Rumble Premium, where you get free or free of Rumble Ads. Not the in show reads, but the Rumble ads. Rumble premium's an option. Go to rumble.com/bun Gino, give us a follow and please give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify over the weekend helps us stay on the charts.


Thanks so much folks. I love you all. You guys are the best. See you back here on Monday. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.