
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. I just want you to know this is the equivalent of like a tuxedo for me. Like this is black tie, this is like black tie, like with tails and stuff like that. For me it is. Look, I got like a shirt and like you have shirts with, it was like way too much. That was like John Travolta, like French sailor. Yeah, right. There's a lot of cuts. I like their shirts pretty. I actually own long sleeve shirts. It's a little date night tonight, so kids gotta like take a t-shirt off once in all long sleeves. This is, this is it. This is it for me. It's the best you're gonna get.


Maybe once in a blue moon you'll see me in a suit. Folks. He did it again yesterday. I told you the Foing was gonna continue. And again, watching the hyperventilating Banshees on the left, freak out as Donald Trump says something yesterday in the Oval Office. So common sense that if anyone else would say it, the media would celebrate. It is a perfect example of why this is the home for news. Why the left wing media is the home for comedy. I'll tell you what I mean. Coming up in a minute. And big news, big news about Mags. Margaret Brennan make it. What that Yes. Huge, huge, huge. Stay tuned.


Check out Berna as a non-lethal pistol launcher. That's BYR nna. Visit berna.com/dan for a 10% discount.


Today's show also brought to you by guys. Boom. Delete me. Delete me. Yes, delete me. From where someone who lives a public life and regularly shares content online, I'm really aware of how my information's being tracked and used. Your personal information could be sold online. Right now you might not even know about it. That's why I recommend Delete Me. It's a subscription service that helps remove your personal information from hundreds of data broker websites. It's worth your time. Go to join delete me.com/bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout. Once you sign up, just give delete. Just provide. Delete me with exactly what information you want deleted and they're experts. Take it from there. Delete me, sends you regular personalized, sends you regularly personalized privacy reports, showing what info they found, where they found it, and what they removed. Take control of your data and keep your private life private. Signing up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our listeners. Folks, your stuff is out there. Get rid of it. You don't want bad people using it today. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to you ready for this, join delete me.com/bonino. Use promo code bonino at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join delete me.com/bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout. That's join delete me.com/bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout.


All right fellas, let's go. Let's get this party started. So this happened yesterday in the Oval Office. I told you on the radio show I was gonna comment about it. Here's Donald Trump again. The media's hair's over Donald Trump starting a trade war. He's doing no such thing. Economic dip shits on the left. What he's actually doing is trying to fix a trade war. It's been going on forever. I'm gonna give you the quick scoop on this. I'm gonna tell you exactly what's happening. Have no fear. Check this out. And on trade I have decided for purposes of fairness that I will charge a reciprocal tariff. Meaning whatever countries charge the United States of America, we will charge them no more, no less.


In other words, they charge us a tax or tariff and we charge them the exact same tax or tariff. Very simple. Nobody knows what that number is unless you go by the individual country. You can see what it is. If you go to the individual country and you look at what they're charging us, in almost all cases, they're charging us vastly more than we charge them. But those days are over. Now of course, this is great. Very nice guys. I did not that is that FAFO thing is all them. The foing continues. Why the media's hair's on fire? Of course, accusing Donald Trump of he's starting a trade war. He is gonna crash the economy. Why exactly do you understand what tariffs are?


Let me tell you what tariffs, what tariffs aren't. Okay? Anyone who tells you that tariffs aren't, taxes is lying, tariffs are taxes. I kinda just told you what they are in a backwards way. They are taxes. Republicans hate taxes, conservative hate taxes. Dan, why are you supporting tariffs? I'm not. And either is Donald Trump there? If you listen to what he just said, Donald Trump uses tariffs as a weapon. If you don't understand that, I, I'm serious. This show's not for you. You may wanna depart. It's not an airport. You don't have to announce it. I'm just saying it's not for you. He has repeatedly done this. He understands that tariffs are taxes, okay? Those taxes already exist on United States exports.


In other words, if Johnny bag of donuts in Iowa is selling milk to Canada and they import milk from us and they tariff it, then that milk us milk is more expensive due to the tax. So what Donald Trump is saying is, if you are gonna tax our stuff, we're gonna tax your milk or whatever it is when it comes down south from Canada to the United States until you get rid of the tariff. That's what he means by reciprocal tariffs. He's got Howard Lutnick, the Department of Commerce secretary, a great pick by the way, standing right next to him who goes on to explain it later in the clip.


I don't wanna beat this thing to death again, hit you with an economic segment at the beginning of the show. But it's just again, incredible. How many left wing progressive lunatics don't even understand what Trump is saying? And reflexively hated the left. We love taxes. Well, why don't you like tariffs? Because Donald Trump said it. Tariffs are gonna make stuff more expensive. Our stuff's already more expensive overseas. Donald Trump's saying, make it less expensive unless you reciprocally get rid of yours. We're not gonna get rid of ours. What I, I, this is, do you guys, let me move on 'cause this is gonna drive me nuts.


How these trap, you go bear trap. Oh my leg. It was, you saw the bear trap. There's a sign bear trap. You walked Right in. And again, These media people do this all the time. We had to move around, which always, this is a big deal. Our dopey media topping, talking head Olympics. I don't like doing this because you know, it's the Olympics. It's kind of a big deal. It's only supposed to happen every four years. In our case, it happens about right about everywhere. They split it up summer and winter. Now, whatever it may be, I don't like this, but as you know, I have a really hardworking production team. They're like Dan, Margaret Brennan from CBS. I don't really care. Margaret, which has turned into just a great meme on the right.


She has really done some insane things between that appearance with, was it Bill Haggerty from Tennessee and others? She makes the media and CBS look even dumber than they really look. So we have in a big moment, moved her into the bronze medal position. Producer Jim, the crew, Justin, Michael gee, they put this together for mags. It's for you guys as well. Check this out. We're at the starting line for the 100 meter dash in the dopey media, talking head Olympics and go read off to a fast start. Similar similarities to what happened in Germany and what's happening now in America are just undeniable.


Scarborough right behind An F You if you can't handle the truth, There's Jonathan Carl making a move. Describe Kamala Harris as I'll just read a few of them. A low IQ individual, somebody who doesn't have the mental capacity to be president. Really dumb. Unable to put two sentences together. Oh, and outta nowhere. Margaret Brennan, I can give you hundreds of examples. Jim outta nowhere that sure, let's list him off. Half a million dollars to expand atheism in Nepal. And at the tape she catches Carl. No, and, and that was a very particular case. It wasn't clear if he was radicalized when he got here or while he was living here. I don't really care. Margaret, Margaret Brennan is third place in the dopey media talking at Olympics.


Come on Guys. This is a big, this is a big day groins. Folks in the chat, this is a big day. It's A big moment. Producer Jim's putting together an ice metal package for you. We'll put it in a frame if you like, Margaret, all we need is an address. You can make it a PO box. We don't wanna show up at your house or anything. It'd be freaking weird and stuff. We don't need that. Just send us a PO box, whatever it may be. We will send you that bronze medal right over your way. Congratulations, Margaret Brown. Nice job, fellas. I let them totally roll with that themselves. Folks, getting back to some serious stuff. If, for those of you who've been watching this show for a long time, I don't like cutesy time. Little boxes like, oh, I'm a libertarian mo, I'm a conservative.


Well, I'm an old school Republican. I'm a MAGA guy because the boxes tend to limit. Well, what if you have some libertarian tendencies on some, thank you, Jake. But you have conservative old school conservative tendencies on, I don't like boxes, but it's only fair if you were to ask me kind of like I say, you know, I said the other day on the radio show gun to my head, what are you, I'd say I'm kind of a conservator, right? I have a strong libertarian tendencies when it comes to our military because I, I, I read Fox Connor's Simple Rules of War a long time ago, which I mention often and I'm really stunned. More people don't apply them because they're very simple. Fox Connor was a famous military man.


You know, Eisenhower followed him and never go to war for long. Never go to war alone and never go to war unless you absolutely have to. Again, I understand it's a dramatic kind of oversimplification of what war is at times, but that general skeleton you can build a lot on. What I really can't stand is when people who are elected politicians who may be subjected to the military industrial complexes, lobbying efforts. I'm not knocking the defense industry. I'm just saying they send our kids off to war for wars. They wouldn't be willing to fight themselves. And if it was their kids, they would definitely say no because they don't have an end game.


I say that because Donald Trump does the same thing. He keeps asking this question about the use of US military assets overseas. He asked a very simple question. You know what it is? Anyone in the chat know why, why are we there? I said to you yesterday on the show that people love to get kind of glorify human beings when they say things like, oh, I, I just want to hear the truth. People don't wanna hear the truth. You know what the truth is? The world is a really complicated place full of a lot of evil men and dictators and fascists and socialists and crazy people. And we are not gonna fix every problem.


I know that sucks, but it is what it is. There is a geopolitical problem over there on the other side of the world where Ukraine shares a border with a country called Russia. That, that is extremely powerful militarily and has a significant nuclear payload. There's nothing you're gonna do to change that. Russia decided to invade Ukraine or engaged in a prolonged stalemated war. The United States, everyone who keeps talking, nobody has a solution for what to do without starting a nuclear war. So what does Donald Trump say? Well, I'm gonna start talking to both sides and try to figure this damn thing out. And it happened again.


CNN after Putin called Trump says, negotiations to end Ukraine war will start immediately. Now, of course, when that happened, the hyperventilating anti-Trump swamp, left wing media lunatics. Oh my gosh, Donald Trump Putin, Steve, all the stupid talking points we've heard before and Captain mustache, John Bolton had a jump on TV Bolton, who, I mean, there's not a war. This guy seemingly doesn't wanna fight. Bolton can't give you an actual long-term solution outside of talking points about what he's gonna do. But he already knows that this is a bad idea with Donald Trump because his solutions in the past have been so successful. Check this out. You Believe Putin sees Trump as a, what you described as an easy mark.


You were there for their first meeting in Helsinki. What are your expectations for this one? Well, I don't have any expectations anymore. I think, I think we know exactly what's gonna happen. President Trump has effectively surrendered to Putin before the negotiations have even begun. You see the hyperventilating, the nonsense, the hysteria trump's already surrendered to Putin. How exactly Johnny b mustache guy, how, how is he surrendered to Putin? He, he's turned over our military. If Vladimir Putin, I'm sorry if you serve, we're now gonna be swearing a different constitutional oath to Vladimir Putin and a little picture of like, how did that happen?


How did that happen? Notice how he gives no solutions whatsoever other than things we've already tried that haven't worked folks, this guy doesn't have a single substantive idea on how to end what has been a generational problem for Ukraine and Russia. Ultimately, in the end, somebody's gonna win and somebody's gonna lose that. That is just the hard real politic of how the world works. Militaries have tried to conquer other countries forever. The United States, unless you're willing to rack up the dead bodies by the hundreds of thousands, is not going to solve every single global crisis all the time.


Put on the table what you are gonna do, bro, because Trump is asking a simple question, mustache guy and others, what's your freaking solution? Do you remember this hat tip to my guys for pulling us? This was Donald Trump on our show, the podcast. We were up at Trump Tower right before the election asking John Bolton or talking about John Bolton and John Bolton's opaque outlook on everything. Although he pretends it's transparent. Check this out, Like Bolton was a stiff, he was a dumb guy, very stupid guy. But actually he came in handy 'cause he was a maniac. You know, he always wanted to go to war with people. Yeah, he wants to bomb everyone. He wants to bomb mustache. So I just bring, he wouldn't talk because he was stupid.


But what happened is I'd bring him into a room with Putin and Putin would say, oh shit, Trump wants to go to war. 'cause Bolton was with Bush and they, you know, think of it, they went into the Middle East, they bombed the hell out of the place and they left. You know, it's like they bombed this guy would, he would go, he wanted to bomb anything. He's a nut job. But, but he was good for negotiating purposes, Folks. You know that the Spartans had that, that saying out there, that the come back with your shield or on it. And the theory was that the, the, the Spartan warrior, if they fled and which was considered a obviously cowardly to f flee from the f flee from the lines of comp, they would throw their shield 'cause it was heavy.


So if you didn't come back with your shield, they knew you were a coward. And when they say come back with your shield or on it, if you died in combat heroically, they would bring you back on your shield. It's, it's a skin in the game point. You know, Natali, you may agree with it or not, but wrote a book about skin in the game and it's, it's really stunning to listen to all of these people who, for generations have been wrong about wars all over the world, speak about the next one as if they have a history of success to speak from. And by the way, these very same people aren't coming back on their shield or with their shield at all because they never left with a shield to begin with.


One of them did though, Pete Seth, who was our new Secretary of defense, a guy who actually gets it, a guy the left, cried and pissed in their diapers about when he was nominated. He understands what's going on with Ukraine and NATO folks. We have a bad situation. Point stipulated. You've got a Russian military that is ready to overpower a country that wants to be left alone Ukraine. We are not gonna be able to fix this with simple talking points. Pete's like, Hey fellas, you NATO guy's gonna get this together? Because if you don't fix the Ukraine situation or aren't interested in, why are you asking us? This is a problem in your region of the world, not ours. Check this out.


The United States does not believe that NATO membership for Ukraine is a realistic outcome of a negotiated settlement. Instead, any security guarantee must be backed by capable European and non-European troops. If these troops are deployed as peacekeepers to Ukraine, at any point, they should be deployed as part of a non NATO mission and they should not be covered under Article five. There also must be robust international oversight of the line of contact to be clear, as part of any security guarantee, there will not be US troops deployed to Ukraine.


Of course, you know, again, cue the media meltdown, the John Boltons, we surrendered to Putin all this other crap. This hysteria is not helping you. The reason public opinion has turned against this and your prescriptions for a prolonged war with Russia, American troops on the ground or more American involvement is because you can never explain what the objective is, number one. And you speak hyperbolically all the time and exaggerate our position. Nobody's surrendering anything. Secretary Hegseth through Donald Trump is laying out a common sense position. This is your region of the world. You guys better do something to fix it. If you do it we'll help, but we're not putting our troops on the ground and we're certainly not gonna invoke Article five where this attack on a NATO country means we have to get involved in a global world war.


Anyone disagree with that? I don't understand. Make your case in the chat. Love to hear it folks. It's a sensitive thing with me, man. I'm sorry. I I I was not in our military. I wish I was. It's the greatest regret of my life. It's the ultimate way to serve your fellow citizen and it's a regret. I'm not gonna spin your wheels. I wanted to do it. No excuses, right? But we, we lost my Uncle Greg in, in Vietnam. I discussed it a few times on the show and my family was never the same, ever died before I was born. You could never ever mention my uncle's name around my grandmother to the day she died. She couldn't take it.


And I'm talking 20, 30, 40 years later. She could never ever hear his name. I'm not telling you that, that we don't need to be involved anywhere in the world, ever. I'm just saying it's real easy to send everyone else's kids over to combat zones to die when it's not your ass on the line. Alright, I wanna get to this dosing next to this meltdown because there's this weird argument being made against the Doge that I wanna immediately debunk and discredit using a Victor Davis Hansen video. This whole crap about withholding funds and these people aren't elected Tulsi Gabbard iss not elected either, was Bobby Kennedy.


The government functions because they elected Donald Trump. He's the only one elected in the executive branch. What are you saying? The rest of the government doesn't matter 'cause they weren't elected. Of course, it's a dumb ass talking point, but that's what we expect from the left.


Hey, my schedule is crazy. So sometimes your diet kind of falls apart. You're on the road, you eat an unhealthy breakfast or lunch. You know how it is. I don't sweat it too much. You know why I use this as my nutritional armor? It's like my nutritional insurance program. It's called Field of Greens. It's a product I've been taking forever. What is it? It is healthy, wholesome, ground up fruits and vegetables, doctors selected for specific health benefits. I love the energy I get with it, but most of all, I love the confidence that if my diet goes astray for a little bit, I don't have to worry about it. Field of greens is that nutrition insurance I have that I'm getting the nutrients my body needs. They have wild berry, lemon, lime flavor, regular flavor. It's fantastic. The the fruits and vegetables in there, it's just a scoop of powder. I put it in green tea, put it whatever beverage you want, your protein shake doesn't really matter. Field of greens makes you a better health promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So lemme get you started with my special discount. I got you 20% off your first order, two zero. Just use my code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan and pick up field agrees today. That's code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan.


Thanks BrickHouse Nutrition folks again, that that, that what we keep talking about is the liberals in their post-truth world, they, they make stuff up. I want you to understand that you are better than them. I I know these are kind of ridiculous arguments to make because you already know them, but I I I don't mean better like you were created like super humans. I mean better in that the MAGA movement is bed rocked in real conversations that are hard to have. It is really difficult to have a conversation about Ukraine where you have to say, yes, Ukraine did not deserve this invasion. Yes, I wish Vladimir Putin would leave the Ukrainians alone and let them live in peace. But you haven't presented to me a viable reason why American, an 18-year-old American from Dubuque should go over there and die for a cause that may not be winnable.


That's a hard conversation to have. The left doesn't have to do that because they lie about everything all the time. And this Doge effort is freaking them out because it's finally exposing the cesspool waste pile. Your government has been forever. So they just make up talking points. The Doge wasn't elected. Nobody in the executive branch was elected, but Vance and Trump. Who the hell was elected? Pam Bondi. She's still the Attorney General. What are you talking about? It's not how the government works. Watch VDH Victor Davis Hansen. We haven't used any of his stuff in a while. It's, that's fantastic. Explain the Doge and U-S-A-I-D.


It's a good one. Check this out. This department of government efficiency is not a cabinet agency. He does not have to be approved by Congress and only is going to last till July 4th, 2026. It's not a permanent agency as far as the ECU executive orders that created the Doge program and eliminated U-S-A-I-D that was perfectly legal in itself. A ID was created by John F. Kennedy in 1961 by an executive order as far as impounding funds. Joe Biden set the precedent.


You all saw him on tape when he, he said SOB, the son of I went in over there to Ukraine and I said, you're not getting this billion dollars until you do this. Well that money had been approved by Congress and when he became president there was a statute that said here's the money to build the wall. And Joe Biden canceled the wall. That was illegal. But he came up with all these, all we have to do environmental studies or endangered species, but he didn't spend the money. All Donald Trump is St doing is saying, well I don't believe the Impoundment Act is legal. We'll see if what the Supreme Court, but I'm just following the president that Joe Biden did.


But now the shoes on the other foot, You see how every single thing they tell you is a lie. You can't establish the Doge by executive order to look into U-S-A-I-D. Dumbass U-S-A-I-D was founded by executive order. There was later legislation, no doubt. But there's no disputing the fact that U-S-A-I-D what Victor Davis Hansen just said was established by executive order. He said, do you nothing they tell you is real. Are you a liberal watching this show? Who just learned that for the first time? What's your comeback to that?


Oh, I'm serious. What's your comeback? You don't have one, you're just making it up. Well, Dan, if congress passes a bill and you have to spend money at U-S-A-I-D Trump, assuredly can't delay those funds to make sure they're not fraudulent. Really interesting. He gives a fascinating example about the wall. I'll throw another one your way. You know when the liberals got their little green new boondoggle shit passed, the Inflation Production Act and all this other crap, the CHIPS Act and all that other stuff, do you know what Joe Biden did? Joe Biden was told you guys have to spend this money in the White House. Right? So Joe Biden and his executive agencies not elected people, he appointed delayed a lot of the Inflation reduction Act, green New Deal type crap.


You know why some of these electric charging stations that they were gonna build, remember they built like eight of them for a billion dollars. There's a dirty little secret. One of the reasons they built almost none of these things, despite billions of dollars, is they wanted to make sure that they paid off a lot of union things with a lot of these project agreements. Also, they wanted to make sure that DEI training and all this other crap was built in and most of these companies couldn't do it. So Biden delayed the funds. Wait, isn't Trump just delaying the spending of these funds? Yes. So he's doing the same thing. Yes, but when Trump does it, it's illegal.


That's the left still argument. When Biden does it, what he's a freaking hero should be, be ified, make him Saint Biden. It's, you know how dumb you gotta be to fall for this crap. All the, is there any talking point you have that makes sense. Osh isn't elected really? Was Merrick Garland elected? I don't remember that election. What was he, was he running with Nu Lenu? Was it Garland Lenu 2020? Do I I don't remember that. So Merrick Garland had no power. Oh no he did because he was appointed by the president who appoints the Attorney General, kind of like the president picked the Doge to do. You know, we love this guy in C Nnn.


We haven't played a clip for him in a long time. Scott Jennings gets into it a little bit with this law fair against Donald Trump with the C Nnn panel. How this guy hasn't been fired yet. I don't know. He speaks the truth over there and always makes these idiots look kind of silly. But again, the law fair is made up. They are making a precedent that doesn't exist. Everything I just told you about the Doge is true. Everything they're telling you is a lie. Check this out. And then you have these individual district court judges setting effectively broad federal policy that is specifically reserved for the president of the United States. I think we do have a constitutional crisis and it's being caused by these judges. They're not here to tell us whatcha talking about. They're not here to tell us how to spend the money.


They're not here to set broad federal policy that is the president's job as elected by the people. These judges are supposed to be settling, discreet, specific matters, not policy setting. I think Vance is right. I think Trump has a point and these judges want nothing more to continue the loss there Against I, I don't think anybody's, yes, thank you Scott. Again, I don't know how you still have a job, but we like it that you're there. You give us a constant plethora, cornucopia of wonderful content. There's nothing I like more. It's not even so much what you say, although enjoyed, I just like watching the response to what you say. 'cause they're so stunned at CNN in their post-truth world that what you say makes sense and they're like, well how do I counter that? I'm gonna have to just lie a little more and look like an idiot on national cable news television folks.


How are these people getting rich by the way? You know, I tell you all the time they're trying to sell you a book. Don't care, get it from the library. But I wrote this book, follow the Money. I'm proud of this. It's my put a ton of work into it. You ever wonder how a lot of these politicians who have absolutely no life skills at all? No, I mean none. I'm not talking about a guy like Andy Harris in Congress who was a medical doctor, probably very wealthy before I met. You know, doctors do well, I'm talking about 90% of the congressmen and legislators and politicians who have zero life skills at all. How do they get so freaking rich? You ever wonder that?


You think maybe that has a little bit, little bit to do with the freakout over the doge in U-S-A-I-D? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You'll see what I mean. Coming up in a second.


Quick break here. When it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. What if there were a way to defend yourself? Deescalated situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force Burn is non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitate an attack for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. You just need protection to ensure you can diffuse the situation and drive that threat away. I've trained with firearms for many years. The pistol burner sent me one of the easiest to learn and use. The guys have one too. If you don't own a firearm, it's a great option to have. It's a great option to have. Even if you do made in America Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. So visit burner.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's b yna.com/dan. You won't regret it. Check it out.


Our last sponsor today is, oh, sorry, we have, we have one more, don't we? Here we go. MyPillow, we have good down back. My MyPillow is excited to announce having the first ever mega sale on Overstock clearance and brand new products. For example, save over 50% on the season's flannel sheets. Queen size only 59 98 Kings only 69 98. They sell out fast every year. So order now save 30% on their brand new my crosses. They're designed in the likeness, the one Mike's worn every day for over 20 years. They come in men's and women's and they're made right here in the USA Get the 20 25 6 P, my six piece, my towel sets for 29 98. The initial quantities are extremely low. Get them now before they go the best selling standard MyPillow 1498. Take advantage of the first ever mega cell. Go to MyPillow dot com. Use promocode Dan, we'll call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. But wait, remember that $75 free shipping rule while it's set. Ship sailed every order. Now ships absolutely free. Shop their first ever mega sale with free shipping on every order. Go to MyPillow dot com, use promo code Dan or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Thanks MyPillow. Or we appreciate it.


You ever wonder this? This is the easiest poll ever. I tell Bino, but I don't even wanna waste your time on this one. You ever wonder how these freaking politicians get so rich, they have no life skills. They're only life skills, or they have connections to other politicians or their daddy or mommy was a politician. They don't really know anything. They add no value. They didn't invent like some big smart, super ridiculous AI tech company or send like a rocket into space and yet they're really rich. There's this doja count that put this out. Nancy Pelosi annual salary, 223,000 net worth. 200, 2 million. I'm always a little skeptical these net worth figures because the ones about mine online are really off.


And it's so easy to figure out if you just go to like the publicly traded companies. However, I think we could both agree she's worth a lot of money. Mitch McConnell says his annual salary, 200 net worth 95 million. Chuck Schumer, 75 million Elizabeth Warren, 67 million folks divide these numbers by 10. Say they're not, just pretend for a second, they're not even accurate. Save Pelosi's worth 20 million and McConnell's worth 9.5. And Elizabeth Warren's 6.7. Where the hell did they get this money? Folks Mostly just worked for a thousand years.


Yeah, That's actually not a bad point. I mean, I just watched Nosferatu. That's should I, should we? He's like, this is, you know, we may have to, the, Michael says, if you do the math, he's a math major. Maybe she worked a thousand years, maybe. Maybe. I don't know. I mean United States isn't that old, but Whatevs, who knows, reminds me interview with a vampire. Like lets, now I want some more. Remember that? Who knows what she was up to? But I'm gonna tell you how this works. You ready? Some of you may have heard this segment before in a prior podcast, but if you haven't, you're making a big mistake if you don't listen again, because I want you to tattoo this on your brain. Okay? I was running for office while ago. This guy, Chuck Ecker, was the Howard County executive on running of Maryland.


And then we got in this conversation about how people in government get rich and why government just continues to grow despite the fact that everybody sane person hates big government. And he said, Dan, you gotta understand Buddy, there is no power in, yes, there is only power in government bureaucrats telling people no. And I said I, I mean I got what he was saying, but I said explain. I said, I want you to think about it. You are a whatever. Say throw something simple out there. You're a building inspector in a place and I'm, you know, my dad was once, I'm not knocking, but if you have a tendency to Corruption, there's no power in you approving everybody's building permits. If you're corrupt, you wanna say no a lot so that people have to slip you some money under the table to figure it out.


Right? There is no power in. Yes Ladies and gentlemen, there's only power in No. That's why government likes to expand regulations and rules because it's more rules. You have to obey that they have to. They, when you go to them, you are gonna have to ask them, am I following the rules by building this building? You get the point. There is no power in, yes, there's only power in No. And that's how these people get rich. They lobby you to yes, remember that line? There is a lot of money in lobbying you to yes. That's why dumb people get really rich here.


I wanna play this clip with Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas, who's lied about everything to get ahead. A woman with no life skills other than making powwow chow. I want you to listen to this segment about banks where she throws out a completely ridiculous, absurd, obscene charge that banks under the last three weeks of Donald Trump are now free to scam people. I'm gonna play the response in a second, but this is the left in a post-truth world, just fabricating charges to scare banks out there because they want to be paid off to get to, yes. Check this out. By forcing the CFPB not to do its job, president Trump, Elon Musk and the author of Project 2025 Russ Vote are giving Wall Street Banks an unlimited get outta jail free card so they can cheat working families even while community banks continue to play by the rules.


You know, for any Americans who have money deposited at JP Morgan or Wells Fargo or any other of the giant banks, they should now know that there is no one on the job to make sure that those banks are not scamming you. If you're wondering what I'm doing, this just someone found, by the way, don't please don't mail stuff. We moved, but luckily this box magically somehow made it. We moved. So anything you send is gonna go to the wrong address. I promise you. I'm not kidding. I'm not trying to be like, don't send stuff, but this somehow made it. But is this not the coolest thing? Someone said it's wood folks, it's not.


Someone sent an FAFO Bino Army like Lifesize wooden pocket knife. Does it actually work in the, oh my gosh, look, it actually works. Who is this from? This is from Wooden Knives by Black Fox. What the heck? This is crazy. You guys see that by Gino Army? And so we'll put this up in a new office. Is it actually closed? Yeah's like spring loaded. Really? No way. Let me see. Look at that. It actually does close. I'm gonna put this in my pocket for date night tonight. Paul's gonna be like, wow, you're happy to see me about date night? No, I'm not. It's, it's really like a, a pocket night.


That's pretty cool. Thank you. But no, seriously folks, I don't want you to because they, they, what winds up happening is we've actually moved twice and a bunch of people send stuff and the guy who lives there now throw, they throw it out, they don't. So I feel really bad. One, one guy, I don't might get into this too much, but one guy sent this really, really nice thing. It was about his kid who had been in combat and that was one that made it through. But stuff like that, sometimes it gets tossed. So don't send stuff please. I just don't want to, you know, I feel bad you guys, this is your money and your time, but that's pretty cool. I gotta tell you. That's a nice one. We played Elizabeth Warren, right? And you like, here's the response from Senator Mike Rounds where he asked a really simple question of Jerome Powell.


Jerome Powell's running our Fed. I don't think he's doing a particularly good job, but they of course oversee the banking system in some respect. He's like, so this senator who's living in a post-truth liberal Adam Schiff, Eric Swalwell type world, they're suggesting that banks are now free to scam people. That's a serious charge. I mean she is a US senator, correct? Is there any actual evidence to back that up? And by the way, Powell's not even a Trump guy. I want you to listen to the answer because she just made it up, dude. Like everything else, the liberals do check this out. Suggestion that the ranking member has made here is that the big banks can now scam individuals right now, any change in the laws regarding how they're supposed to be treating the individual consumers out there or anything along that line, law changes.


No, I'm not aware of any law Changes. Any changes, any rules that they would have to follow? Not that I'm aware of. Are they still audited and do they still have the regulators in watching all of their businesses just as they did before? Well, they, they'd have all the regulators except for the CFPB. Very good. If in fact, in the hypothetical the CFPB weren't carrying that out. Alright, just, I want you to digest what I told you yesterday in the podcast and the radio show, you are qualitatively better than them. The quality of your material on social media and elsewhere. This vast MAGA army, Bonino army, the conservative crew, the tea party, you are better than them.


They lie about everything all the time because that's all they have. And then when they don't lie, what they do is they engage in emotional meltdowns by the Idiocracy. Listen, we have dumb asses on our side too. Okay, I get it. Get it. Got it. Good. We, we do, we have some people in the Republican party. You screw up all the time. I can mention names, but I prefer not to engage in Republican, on republican political violence right now. 'cause there's so much stupidity on the Democrat side. Here's what I'm talking about. Here's Jasmine Crockett, who is and Jim's dumbest member of congress. A a March sadness thing is coming out soon, but Jasmine Crockett's probably gonna get a number one seed.


She has rapidly moved up the ranks. I want you to listen to what she says. Put aside, I know you're gonna laugh in advance 'cause it's, but pretend this is a serious person for a second. She's making the case here or attempting to that we should not have people with a tech background go in and analyze the government's technology because like why, like the government that's probably using smartware from 1980 is better at tech stuff than the actual tech companies. This, this is the hill you wanna die on. The answer is yes here, check this out. If you are trying to conduct audits and figure out where the waste, fraud and abuse is, I don't know why you would go to some tech guy. In fact, it was only techies that were sitting there in inauguration.


We didn't have auditors. I, I would welcome auditors to come in and do forensic audits. In fact, he sat there in the Oval Office yesterday and he admitted that he was lying and he was using his propaganda machine to do it. When he said that we sent millions of dollars to Gaza for condoms, that was a lie. So let me tell you something, the lady Elected time has expired elected's time for the gentle lady's time has expired Brain in this rogue actor knowing the gentle Lady's time has expired. So you don't want technology people to come in and actually observe the technology used to pay out $7 trillion of government spending. You guys work here, right?


When, when we brought, we brought Jasmine, not Jasmine Crockett, we have a Jasmine, she's actually smart. One of the first things I asked her to do, do you guys remember what with the inventory thing folks, we have like seriously, like four or five people that work here. That's it. We're not, we're not spending $7 trillion Bonino Inc. We said, Hey, we have a lot of equipment for road shows and we, we, some of the stuff was missing. Can we get an inventory system? And you know what we did? We're gonna use like technology. This is a $7 trillion government and this dwa wants to make the case that we can't have tech people analyze the tech. I will never forget my first few days being an agent, I had left the NYPD, which had its own technology problem.


Of course, you know, government and we had these things called ts, time and attendance. TNA can mean a lot of this is not an Eric Swalwell segment. It was time and attendance. We had these TNA things, you'd fill them out and we would punch them in this computer on this program called Smartware or something. And I went home to Paula, who was my girlfriend at the time, and she was a database developer. And I said, do you know what smartware is? She's like, isn't that from like the seventies or something? I go, yeah, we used it in the secret, sir. She laughed. She couldn't believe it. She was like, why? I'm like, because it's the government. That's why. But Jasmine Crockett does not want actual tech people going in there. Why Put up that thing again about the net worth?


Because folks, there are a lot of really stupid people getting really rich off government payouts, the gravy train, the influence operation, and the reason they don't want you picking up the rock and saying, Hey man, let me look under this and see what's living under there is because they know when you see that the government bookkeeper is corrupted in stealing money, that you're never gonna trust the bookkeeper again. Listen, I I I, I gotta make this point again today because it's really important. I've been getting a lot of questions on Rumble and Facebook and Twitter and elsewhere. A lot of people have been asking me this. The essence of the question is this, Dan, if, if there, if you follow the money and a lot of these politicians are getting really rich off government, shady, fraudulent, maybe criminal payouts, then I don't understand why they wouldn't actually like the Doge, because the Doge would clean up fraud and it would be eventually when they get back in power, more money for them, right?


Like if you're a criminal and you have mob bosses fight all the time, it's not that they're objecting to mob behavior, they're the mob too. It's like they don't want the mob taking their money, money. Fair question. Correct. Why would government people getting rich off government not want at least some fraud being detected so that it's more money for them? And the reason is what I just told you. Once people see possibly for the first time with this dynamic duo, like the wild Samoans from the old WWF of Trump and Elon, how bad the government has been spending your money, what do you think is gonna happen with Social security recipients who were told in 10 years, Hey, we can't afford to pay you your full payout anymore.


You get it now. You see what's going on. You got people on social security their entire life who busted their ass? Listen folks, the program was designed poorly. Put that aside a second. The program was designed poorly, but you have people who've busted their ass their entire lives. You got a guy who worked in a coal mine for 30 years, probably got black lung, he finally retires. Maybe he enjoys five years of retirement, maybe sees it, goes on a vacation once in a while, busted his ass. He paid into this crap broken system forever and all the money's gone.


They're going broke in 10 years. Don't, don't take it from me. Read the Social Security Actuary's own report. You see why they're so afraid now of turning the rock over? They will be a freaking revolt in this country of seniors and Medicare recipients when they find out that trillions of dollars over decades were wasted on fraud scumbag schemes, mob tactics, and all this other crap. So they'd rather just make the whole thing go away. Don't ever forget folks, there's this, it's the same. Sorry, I know I got a lot to get to, but I love this government stuff like cracking the whole government code for you.


There's a reason the adage in DC a program for the poor is a pro poor program is real too. Why do, why do people who are really rich, why do they need social security? I'm talking about really rich folks. I'm not talking about people who even make a millionaire. I'm talking about people who make like 10 millionaire. You ever do you ever wonder that you don't need it? It's like a you, it's it's, you'd leave that as a tip in a restaurant. Why do even liberals think about this? I'm gonna give you a second. Some of you in the chat may have heard this before. You may know this. Why do liberals themselves even fight for the fact that rich people should get social security? The reason is a program for the poor is a poor program.


Why? Because they know rich people. You ever hear this, Michael? They know rich people have a lot of influence in Congress, and they know that they will fight to keep the program alive as long as they get to dip into the pot too. They don't give a shit if the program goes bankrupt. All they care about is that they control the money. Man, I've been studying this stuff forever. My, the best time I had in my prior line of work was not on presidential protection. It wasn't matter of fact that was the most tedious thing I did. It was financial fraud investigations. When you find out, back in the day, they used to send treasury checks out.


We call them t check investigations. Do you have any idea how many of these things were stolen? The wire transfers existed since like Western Union and the government's like, Nope, we're gonna send paper checks. Do you have any idea how many were stolen folks? Them the, the freak out by the left over the Doge. I'm sorry if I got, did I get too off topic there, Michael? I, no, I like the Economic stuff, The program for the poor and is the pro for poor program and the fraud segment's important. They are going to die on this hill over Elon Musk, I promise you, because you are gonna be stunned at what's there and they're gonna lie right to your face.


Look at this New York Times headline. I mean, this headline is so obscene that, I mean, someone should be arrested for headline malpractice in this one. Musk asserts without proof that he's fi musk asserts without proof folks that he's fixing a bureaucracy rife with, with fraud. Long did it take you guys, these guys put this segment together. I How long did it take you to find the fraud? Seriously, Half a second That Come on a minute.


So Elon Musk, the New York Times is stating, this is supposedly the paper of record, the old gray lady, they're saying there's no proof. Our bureaucracy government is rife with fraud. Michael says a half a second, I'm gonna say, it took him a minute. This is what they found. Throw it up on the screen. Keep in mind, we're not professional researchers or anything. We run an opinion show. We don't have access to the Library of Congress or whatever. We're, here we go. Michael Shellenberger, the New York Times says there's no proof of fraud in government. Seriously. The GAO under does that say, that says, does that say under Biden the G? Oh my gosh, look, it does.


Seriously, the GAO, government Accounting, government accounting Office under Joe Biden estimated last year that we're losing 233 to 521 billion per year to fraud. Shellenberger notes. Hey, New York Times, guys. It's right there. Why do you continue this? Shaking my head. So, Michael, once you found this, how long did it take you to find the GAO report? No time at all. No time at all. Almost the absence of time whatsoever. We could get into that whole thing later. Like if we were living in a simulation. Here's it. This is crazy. Here it is. Here's the actual GAO fraud risk management report where, quote, GAO estimated total direct annual financial losses to the government from fraud.


Someone read this, this to the New York Times to be between 2 33 and 521 billion based on data, government data from fiscal years 2018 through 2022, who was the president for a couple of years? That, that's crazy. It was Joe Biden. You're better than them. Okay? You're better than them. Your information is better. You're sharper, you're more focused. Your arguments are better. You, they live in a post-truth world. Always keep the third party debating theory in your mind, though. You're not wasting your time.


I know you're pointing this stuff out to liberals on X and they're, they're like, oh, my, the GAO you're taking their favorite line is you're taking it outta context. No, I'm not. It says that's the fraud. You can read it yourself dipshits, but you won't. On the left, there is a third party listening. This is how you slowly move the Overton window in public opinion. You keep hammering away over and over and over. That's why Carolyn Levitt, who's been doing an amazing job as the press secretary, can't compliment her in, in, in, in, in, in enough modifiers and adjectives. She's been doing an incredible job. Here she is yesterday, Caroline, I, I, I, I only know you a little bit, but if you're listening to the show or someone sends this to you, I'm begging you as a friend to please keep doing this.


Receipts matter. Receipts, actual evidence matters. Not to the media people in the briefing room, but to the third party watching. This is just fantastic. Here she is bringing receipts for everyone to see. Check this out. As for the actual receipts, we are happy to provide them and I actually brought some today because all of you know, I love to bring the receipts. We have contracts upon contracts that we can send and provide this information to you. Let me be very clear. We are not trying to hide anything. We have been incredibly transparent and we will continue to be. These are screenshots of contracts that those found across our government. This is A DEI contract $36,000 for US Citizenship and Immigration Services.


That is against the president's policies and his America First agenda. This is a $3.4 million contract. A Council for Inclusive Innovation at the US Patent and Trademark Office, department of Con Commerce, another DEI contract that Doge identified. I can continue to go through these. Oh, I love this one. 57,000 bucks for climate change in Sri Lanka. What is this doing to continue the in interest of the American people? Absolutely nothing. Thank you, Caroline Levitt. Please, please keep it going. Look at this. Lee Zeldin, our new EPA administrator just canceled a $50 million Biden Era Environmental Justice grant to the Climate Justice Initiative.


This Doge account is amazing. Michael loves it. He's sitting here. Michael's a math guy, folks, $50 million matters. It's real money. If your argument on the left is we piss away so much money, $50 million doesn't matter. Here's a pro tip. Assholes, that's not an argument. Gov do. What is it? doge.gov. You are making our argument not yours. Do you understand that? You going out in front of the cameras saying, well, U-S-A-I-D, it's only 40 billion. Do you understand how you sound to a coal miner in Kentucky? 40 billion.


That's bigger than the entire state budget of probably fifth of the United States. Maybe more. They say How dumb you sound, folks. You are the media now. You are the MAGA influence Army. You know, years ago with Cronkite and Broka Pref, Fox pre rush, they owned the media. They just did because if you didn't hear about it on the nightly news, it didn't happen. You did not know about A OPM mine in a place where they were running government retirement like an actual mine where they were doing things by hand because Cronkite and broke off wouldn't run with those stories if it made a Republican look good for uncovering the scandal.


I bring that up because that's all gone now. Information Exchange has been completely democratized. I've got friends on X, you know, I follow it. I'll throw it out. Chicago Ray, Chicago Ray, if you're out there, have we ever met? He's in No, but I feel like I've known him forever. Why? We follow each other on Twitter. I've never met Chicago Ray in my life. I just like his Twitter account. You should follow him too. Chicago Ray in the Rush Limbaugh initial radio era would've never had that kind of access to. It's not Rush's fault, it's just, it wasn't even email when Rush started.


You see my point, how Twitter x true social Rumble, YouTube, Facebook, all of this stuff is enabled us to connect and exchange information at light speed and make new friends and learn new things. We are the media now. We decide what the story is. And Elon's got the biggest mouthpiece of all. Well, second biggest, Trump has the White House. That's the biggest megaphone. But Elon has X and that's how you learned about this, the infamous retirement mind. Now I can figure out finally why it took me so long to resign from the Secret Service of Retirement Mine. There's a real story.


Check this out. The most number of people that could retire possibly in a month is 10,000. And we're like, whoa. Why? Why? Why is that? Well, because all that, the, all the retirement paperwork is manual on paper. It's manually calculated, then written down on a piece of paper, then it goes down a mine. I'm like, what do you mean a mine? Like, yeah, there's a limestone mine where we store all the retirement paperwork that look, and you look a picture of this at a picture of this mine. We'll post some pictures afterwards and this, this mine looks like something outta the fifties because it was started in 1955. So it looks like it is like a time warp. And then the, the speed, then the limiting factor is the speed at which the mine shaft elevator can move determines how many people can retire from the federal, federal government.


And the elevator breaks down. And sometimes, and then you can't, nobody can retire. Now, I know if you're a liberal, you're probably listening to that and going, well, you know, government can have some kind of issues here and there, but that's not a real story. The mind actually, look, it is Thal Spert, which may be the most amazing name I've ever heard. I wonder if that's real. Is that a a m de plume? The Federal Paperwork Mine in Doge Crosshairs is real and bizarre. Thank you thi But this is a great article. It said that more than 700 employees worked 230 feet underground. The, oh look, there's little photos to process 10,000 employee retirement accounts.


Adding the process could take several months. Oh, the Washington Post reported on this in 20 14, 600 OMP workers process, federal employees retirement papers by hand, by hand passing thousands of case files from Cavern. Dick Karn. So funny. Yeah. What, just remind you, I'm, I'm sorry I'm not laughing 'cause this is funny. Is this the freaking Flintstones? Like is this the Flintstones? Like we're in a cave and Barney's passing a Wilma, passing a Fred a paper retirement record. You know, we, we have like spreadsheets and Microsoft project and like databases and you know we have that right?


Did you guys miss that? Do you guys remember? I mean Justin, you're not even know. You remember that thing called like the.com thing? It's like crazy, like the internet, like pet stock, you know where they have this thing called like the internet computers, right? You know, like what's the government processing this on Commodore 60 fours? You see how they don't wanna overturn the rock to use Social Security recipients out there? Does this not piss you off? I'm serious man. You busted your ass your whole life. You paid into this system that's going bankrupt. 'cause the government has to borrow money to pay off people to go Fred Flintstone style in a cavern.


That's enough for me today. My, I'm seriously, I'm gonna need to take some, some sedatives after today's show. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Thank you for supporting Rumble. We had an amazing week. Again, big news Rumble's got a White House account now we brought on Tim Pool. Please support Rumble. Go to rumble.com/bonino. You can see the show live every day at 11:00 AM Join the live stream. It is 100% free, doesn't cost you anything. You can also download the Free Rumble app. We would love to have you and please give us a follow over the weekend if you would, on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. It's gonna be really important in the coming weeks. So you'll see what I mean. Please give us a follow.


Winky Winky nod nod. Okay, thank you very much. You just heard The Dan Gino show.