
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Man, I have a weekend update for you. I don't even call it a weekend update. We may have to what we've already done. The mother of all weekend. This is like the monarch of weekend updates, the Emperor of Weekend updates, the Darth Vader of weekend updates. These guys actually are part of the weekend. Update the production crew because they were there. I got a lot to get through today. I got a big show, I got that. Of course that New York Times piece from Stuart Thompson who has been watching our show, he says for 47 hours or so he's Was that like straight?


Did he take, what'd he take a Xin patch or something like that? Was he dropping like some nicotine or maybe some Adderall or something like I got UFOs, drones, media bullshit Stewart, the New York Times update big show.


Try Beam. Dream Powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout.


As I said, big show today.


Show also sponsored by Patriot Mobile. America's only Christian conservative wireless providers standing behind their service and their values as a company. They're an example of putting the cause ahead of profits. That's why I'm proud to partner with them right now. You can get their every Friday matters special today. Patriot Mobile's giving away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage given you access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the left. When you switch to Patriot Mobile Supporting company believes in free speech, religious freedom, the sanctity of life, the Second Amendment and more their 100% US based customer service team makes switching easy. Keep your number and for a limited time get a free smartphone. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Use promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone offer is eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time offer or until supplies run out. Terms and conditions supply. So join me, make the switch today. Patriot mobile.com/dan. That's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Alright fellas, let's go. So first we had the blowout this weekend and folks, this party I was gonna do, there was actually a lot going on. I was a little nervous last week because we did it at my my house. My the house I just moved into. The guy saw it for the first time. And the thing about the house is most of the party because we couldn't fit everyone inside the house. We didn't expect 250 people to show up, but they did. We had like two cancellations. That was it at the end. We couldn't fit everybody in my house if it rained and as Justin and Michael's now figure it out. Justin's been here his whole life with Florida. If it says 0% chance of rain, that means 50 50 does it not Florida folks it it's the Sunshine State but it can rain anytime for any rain.


It'll typically stop. So we had to make a decision about the 10th on Wednesday because we had to tent the hold property if it was gonna rain and we said no and we took a chance 'cause we had like a little like thing going on involved like heavy electronics and stuff and we said no. So I was freaking out the whole week. There was gonna rain on the guests 'cause I had nowhere for them to go. I should better plan but I was like I ain't gonna ruin the party. I'm trusting. I said God's blessed us man. We're gonna have a good party. And it held out. I wanna thank first off my awesome, incredible life partner, my buddy, my somewhere there. Well Paula, that's for whole insurance but man she totally folks blew it out.


I have never felt so important to anyone in my entire life. I can't even tell you like all the stuff she did for this part. She had like a rumble video running in the background. She got people to send in videos. There was like a full concert. So here's a picture at the end of the night. Yes, I may have had some thank you Casa Dragones. You know, you know my favorite tequila. They put a little tasting station there. I tasted a lot of it. So this is the end of the night. That is not my leather fonza jacket. Nate Smith, the country singer gave me his jacket. So what? I don't have a leather jacket like that, but now I do. And that was me and Paula in the backyard singing, chasing You by Morgan Wallen to each other at the end of the night with my cousin Chrissy looking on.


So we were both having way too good of a time at that point in the night. It was such an amazing party. President Trump sent over a nice video, which was really cool. This is the the boss. You're 50 years old. I congratulate you. I didn't think I'd make it that far, but you did. I did. But now you're gonna make it to 90 or something. I hope So. But I just wanna say happy birthday. You're a special guy. Thank you. Happy Birthday. That is actually President Trump, not Sean Ferris. Sean is pretty good at, but who said he did? Did Sean send one too? I didn't even catch that. 'cause I, they're indistinguishable, so if you're listening on Apple or Spotify, they're pretty much indistinguishable Sean and Trump. But we had a whole bunch of people show up. I totally didn't expect to. I thought they would send an nice, Hey, I'm sorry I gotta travel.


Can't do it. Vince, Colin Ace from WMAL, Jesse Kelly, amazing radio host himself. Jesse's like seven feet tall. He showed up with a really expensive bottle of wine. If you know, if you were there you'll get the joke. So I was, my dog loved it. Jesse, Steve Klow, the bodybuilder showed up Rachel and Sean Duffy, my production crew. We had a special go. Oh look at them. There's with the lovely Avita and Michael, there's Rachel and Sean and me and Nate's jacket there looking like Deon's just not as good looking or nearly as cool. Kim Kleek showed up. There's Michael Levita, producer Jim and some weird guy all the way over to, oh it looks like Justin.


Oh that is Justin. You know what's crazy? Michael's like seven feet tall and Justin's taller than him. That's like so weird. You know when I look at you guys together, how tall are you dude? Like six three. Six three. Are you six three? You look taller than that. And then we had a really super surprise guest. Leo Terrell showed up from Los Angeles, which I, this is like my office inside. I had to get 'em away from him. I go, dude, we gotta take a selfie, put this online. So that was really nice of him. These are real friends of mine. Brendan Dilly, the meme master showed up. My friend Brian Chisholm, LAA Halburn, the Bitcoin queen. It was so nice the Fox crew. So thank you to everyone. It made it to the party. It meant a lot to us. I really appreciate everything man.


We had a real blast and I came in this morning, I said to Justin and Michael, I said, objectively speaking, did Paula not throw the greatest party like ever? And she's like, they're like, dude, that was Banana. So Paula, man, I wouldn't, I don't know why I'm so blown away. The only thing folks now is Paula's 50th birthday's coming up and what the hell do I do? I don't even know. How do I top that? I'm not that smart like she is. What am I gonna, I can't party plan anything. Was Geraldo there? DJ F seven 50. Geraldo did not show up. Did not show up. And a couple of friends I invited who you know, I told you people in the business pretend to be your friend.


I'm glad with a, with a day like that, you know who your real friends are. You know what I'm saying? Folks don't think like, oh you know, I'm, I'm like a, I'm not above that stuff. Like I, I do a lot of stuff for people. So it was really great. Like a lot of cool people who I really love showed up and to my wife I, I can't thank you enough man, it was such a special day and I went, I woke up the next day and said to myself, I really can't believe that just happened. I can't. And we had another party the next day for my family, which was just as good. It's your family matters. So sorry for the long weekend update but a lot of you were asking questions about it. The party went till 2 22. The triple deuce, my last friend to leave was at 2 22 in the morning and we were just chatting it up in my, in my living room.


The house took a beating. I may have to demo my house between people's spill and wine and stuff all over. We had a guy power wash this morning. Some of it comes out, some of it doesn't. We had to cover up the pool. I'm not sure the pool will recover but that was pretty cool, right? The everybody got the dance like on the pool. So it was a lot of fun. But I'm not sure if it'll cover and thank you to Joe Best Starty the weather guy for accurately predicting on Wednesday there'll be zero rain. That guy's amazing. Thank you Joe Biard. Okay, back to the show folks. Now it is over. Hopefully I'll be talking about my 60th birthday in 10 years and won't have to deal with Dan Bonino birthday stories anymore.


So this week I told you we were gonna be the subject of yet the 10000th New York Times, Washington Post Mother Jones conspiracy theory story Rumble, right? We website, we've heard it a thousand times. Who's the latest asshole? The latest asshole. Stuart Thompson who's whining in the article. Did you read the article Justin? He's like Oh my gosh. I emailed them for comment and they were so mad because you're a DBA bro, nobody cares about you. Nobody reads your shitty paper. I know 50 years ago you guys were the gray lady and the big deal and everybody was afraid of you.


Nobody's afraid of you. Now we laugh at you, we flip you the double barrel because you guys are losers. So Stuart Thompson, who let me tell you he came into this piece, it came out this weekend, the day at a party December 13th. He says, I Traded My News Apps for Rumble the Right Wing YouTube. It's not the Right Wing YouTube dude. It's a free speed that I'm saying it's a free speed site. We have left wingers on there too, unlike you YouTube, which bans and demonetize his right wingers. Here's what I saw and they note Justin put kept this in, he has monitored right wing media since 2020. He watched 47 hours of video on Rumble for this article.


Gee, that's a lot. There's only like 22 million hours or so. I'm sure he got a great sample of everything. If this doesn't show you how the media works, he picked his 47 hours for this article. He doesn't pick like GR Glenn Greenwald show who happens to be an actual journalist. He only picks the Right wing guys. And then he's like stunned that there's right wing content on Rumble. Do you see how dumb of a journalist this asshole is? Okay, he goes to Rumble, watches a bunch of right wing channels and Justin shocker, he comes to the conclusion that rumble's right wing, that's freaking great journalism steward. You were a genius. That's like going into a chemistry lab at a high school and no other building going.


This freaking place doesn't teach biology and physics. What kind of dumb place is this? This is the kind of stuff you have to deal with in the New York Times. He should be a statistician. He he should, he should be a statistician and clear clearly he stewards such a dumb ass. He doesn't understand how sample bias works 'cause he's a freaking moron. If he would go watch Glenn Greenwald or Jimmy Dore or others on there who aren't conservative but are you know, truth tellers, maybe he would've come with a different conclusion. So here's what he puts up there. This is how dumb the left wing media people are. And then they laughed that we make fun of him. He notes just a few hours into the experiment.


It was clear that I was falling into an alternate reality fueled almost entirely by our Stewart. You were such a piece of shit and so stupid and alternate reality. Keep this up. Do you realize you work at the New York Times where nearly everything you told America significant stories about the Trump team turned out to be a quote alternate reality. The 51 intelligence people, the Russia collusion hoax that Spygate was a hoax. All the covid bullshit about masks, these people are freaking crazy. They are nuts and then they're worried. We call them nuts.


He then hilariously goes on to talk about a conspiracy theory about a sex trafficking operation and then basically goes on and proves that there was a sex trafficking operation. He's only dispute is the numbers folks, these people have zero interest in reporting going forward. Why am I bringing this up first in the show? Because what they don't understand is they have actually laid the groundwork for this quote alternate reality that is the media now. But the alternate reality has a name. It's called the truth. They're just angry that we beat them on every single story and that they have to rely on kissing people's asses for subscriptions. Now by promoting increasingly crazy left-wing stuff folks, rumble is the future.


X is the future. Truth is the future. These papers are done, they are on life support. They are gonna be catering to a smaller and smaller group of people to the point where they're gonna be the in effect with the old school tabloids. Were in the checkout counter of the show. We are always their story. Stuart, I'm gonna ask you a serious question 'cause you're an asshole and I can't stand you, but let me put aside my personal animosity 'cause you're such a moron for a second. I want to ask you a serious question. Did you ever for a second look in the mirror and say to yourself, you know what? We've been part of this alternate reality too by creating a bunch of bullshit conspiracy theories about Donald Trump. And because people don't trust us now they have to seek truth on Rumble X and elsewhere.


Does that bother you at all? I'm so sick of these people folks. They make me sick. Sick. The real reporting was always on rumble. Here's another example of what I'm talking about where the Stewart Thompsons of the world at the New York Times and the Washington Post, again, why I'm bringing it up now, boy, nobody believes them and they go to Rumble X truth and elsewhere for the and podcast because we're right and they're wrong. Remember when we told you on January 6th, I know what happened. I saw the riot, I saw people got outta control. I've been very honest about what happened on January 6th, okay? I also told you on January 6th that whereas our people can be honest about it said that shouldn't happen.


That shouldn't happen. But here's what else shouldn't have happened. The FBI shouldn't have lied to us about how many feds were in the crowd or federal assets. And second, the government shouldn't have lied to us about Cash Patel and Donald Trump, their story that they requested security and that everybody basically told to stand down on it. We tell the truth. They don't even when it reflects poorly on us, it's my interest in getting the story out. We told you there were federal assets in the crowd. How did I know that You think some asshole like Stuart Thompson is gonna reach out to me. How did I know? Because a federal agent sent me freaking pictures on an encrypted app at the event with him and Feds.


What else could you possibly need? It's not a secondhand source, it's a firsthand source. Who was there who said Dan, there are federal agents in the crowd now the IG report comes out on Friday. That's like the internal affairs thing. I'm sorry I missed it. Friday we did the reaction show 'cause we were getting ready for the, for the event, right? But I, I promise I get to it today. It's a huge story. The IG report still ridiculously claims that the FBI story is true. That there were no federal agents basically or FBI agents in the crowd. I'm telling you that's bullshit.


Stewart again will pick up the story in three, four years when it comes out. I'm telling you now. Flags in the chat folks. Get 'em in there. Get 'em in there. Get 'em in the chat. Get 'em in the chat right now. I wanna see who got it first. Who got it first? Always skeptic 22 or something. There we go. Flags in the chat immediately. Thank you on the screen. I'm telling you that's bullshit. There were absolutely federal agents and FBI agents in the crowd but that man, fire it up. Break that chat, smoke that thing. Get the rumble servers on fire. Chris from Rumble by the way, thank you to Chris, Dan Scavino and Devin for coming too.


Devin Nunes, you guys are awesome. It was really an honor to see you guys there. Chris right now has got the fire extinguish on the Rumble servers because we're melting and look at it. I think we did. We just crash this thing again. Oh my gosh, you guys are so good. There were FBI agents in the crowd, Stewart pay attention. Dumbass. I have pictures. There were people in the crowd. So the IG report admits however that there were at least FBI assets. This is where I did an interview with Julie Kelly on fri, on on on Thursday on the radio show and I wanna be clear, don't get caught up in the euphemisms game.


Okay? FBI assets and agents are not the same thing. Michael could be working for the FBI as a paid source. A confidential human source doesn't mean he's an FBI agent agents are actual GS 1811 gun carrying agents who are working in an undercover pass capacity like a Donny Brasco, the Joe Past stone guy, okay, that was an agent. So the FBI's trying to lose people and the, but I'm telling you both were in the crowd agents and assets. The report now misses admits forever. However, that there were FBI sources in the crowd. Town hall put up a great T tweet and they wonder why Legacy media is dying.


This is why people like Stuart Thompson, nobody's gonna pay attention to them anymore. Here's what the FBI told you, the FBI did not send undercover operatives to join the June 6th attack. Watchdog says that is not what the report says. The report says there were FBI assets in the crowd. Reuters here a politico too. FBI didn't deploy undercover agents on January 6th. Watchdog finds undercutting conspiracy. It did no such thing. It did. No such thing. There are, I'm telling you, they were there in the crowd here. Here they were. Probe finds no evidence. Feds were involved in exci. In inciting January 6th. Today they found a ton of evidence. There were three FBI assets in the crowd.


There were actually, what is it, 26 3 of 'em that went into the capitol. Here's how CNN reports on it. No undercover FBI agents. Were at the January 6th US Capitol Riot. I'm telling you this story is bullshit. You are ahead of it. It's absolute bullshit folks. I'm telling you right now, they are lying to you. Now I want you to watch this, this, this video from Cash Patel is really important. Cash is gonna be the incoming FBI director. If the confirmation process continues to go smoothly, which knock on wood so far has I'm gonna get presumptuous. But here's the interesting part about this. This is what people like Stuart Thompson and New York Times will never cover. Now that we know there were 20 plus FBI assets in the crowd, some there with the permission of the FBI that's in the report.


I'm telling you, there were agents in the crowd period. Don't put the reports bullshit. I'm telling you for a fact. These assets take a while to cultivate. They had to be working on this for a long time. Again, I'm giving you an honest take on January 6th. No one else is. What the hell were they doing? These assets that the FBI knew were in the crowd on January 6th, what was their role there? They had to have a job. The FBI positioned them there for a reason. But the report is oddly kind of opaque on that. Were they there to incite a riot? Listen to Cash Patel here on Tim Pool saying exactly this, that this takes a while to cultivate because this story isn't adding up.


Check this out. What you need to show is whether or not the FBI and government agents were using undercover operatives and informants on the day of January 6th. Because if you can show that, you know they've been out, hang on. But the paperwork shows having run informants, that's a six month buildup minimum, right? Minimum. It's not like they just dropped them into the proud boys and said, Hey go Don't disrupt, please. So once you prove that, then you defeat the insurrection narrative with the FBI's own documentation. Forget what the video tape show. Yes, the FBI's got documents. Folks, when you develop and cultivate an informant, you typically have to pay them. I did this federal agent work for a decade plus.


There's paperwork generated, there's debriefing paperwork generated. What exactly were the informants mission on January 6th? Why doesn't Stuart Thompson or anyone else seem even a little bit interested in this story? I promise you if it was a left wing BLM riot or some co intel pro thing, these people be all over this story. I got more on this folks because the legacy media, I'm telling you man, these guys just don't get it. That's why they're so afraid of cash going in there. Always measure the response. Measure the effectiveness of a policy or anything else by what the show is about.


Tactics. If your political opponents are not freaking out, you're doing it wrong. You're doing it wrong. Quick break. I'll show you what I mean.


You're feeling the stress about giving your family a memorable holiday? Well, you're not alone. Prices remain higher than ever. A lot of us are maxing out on our credit cards. Now's the perfect time to take control of your finances and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American financing can help you unlock the equity in your home and start saving the customer. Save $800 a month on average. Just imagine what that could mean for your family. Plus, if you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments giving you extra cash for the season. Wouldn't it be nice to start off the new year without that debt and those monthly minimum payments cost you nothing to find out how much you can save. Holidays will be here before you know it. So call one of their salary based mortgage consultants today. American financing. You've been with me a long time. It's a good company. Call now. (888) 994-7660. The number 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or you can visit them online. Just remember it's a.net address, not a.com american financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank you. American Financing


folks. They are terrified about Cash. Patel Politico is telling you right now, please don't put this guy in there because of what you just heard from Cash Patel in the Tim Poole interview, which is a great interview I suggest you watch. It's a old not, but it's not dated at all. It's the difference between old and dated. He understands how this entire process, having been an attorney for the government on the law enforcement and defense side, how cultivating informants works. What the hell? Here's the question. Everybody write it down folks in the chat. Spread the word on this. This is the only question you should have right now after the IG report on Friday. What was the mission of the FBI informants in that crowd?


What? What was the mission Intelligence gathering on who it was a legal was a perfectly legal assembly. That's a con by the way. It's a constitutional right to assemble what was their purpose in the crowd. You should worry about Cash Patel running the FBI. You should worry. No, you shouldn't worry. Politico's worried. This is their headline. The days of JF Hoover may be over, but Cas Patel's nomination is deeply worrisome. All the same folks rocks are gonna get turned over and there's a couple of things you need to know right now. You need to know what the hell the mission was of the informants in the crowd that day.


And you also need to know the identity of who the January 6th bomber was. We spent a lot of time in that story. I've got a lot to get to today, so I'm gonna pass on that today. But you know, I'm staying on top of that too. That story's gonna blow your mind. I saw this tweet this weekend too and I thought it was interesting 'cause it applies to that other, you know, the New York Times hit piece, which is just a regurgitation of the same hit piece written over and over again. You ever notice they never write these hit pieces about any other platforms? If you have conservatives on your platform, they will write a hit piece. If you have a bunch of liberals on your platform, they absolutely love you. There's nothing you can say wrong. This John Lafe guy is, hey, look at your circle of family and friends and compare people who use X as a news source versus those who don't. The contrast is stark.


My friends and family who don't use X are significantly less informed and prone to paring media propaganda misinformation. Amen. Preach it. John Lafe. This guy is so right. Folks in the chat, if you notice this too, you got to the you, you ever go to like a a party or Christmas party or a birthday party, some cocktail party, a work party or whatever and you get into a conversation with some crazy liberal or even a not so crazy liberal but a definitely not MAGA person. And some of the stuff they say, I'll give you an example. I was at an event not that long ago guys. Remember when Trump said that thing about injecting bleach? And ordinarily I'd be like, oh my gosh, I'm just outta here 'cause I can't take it and I wanna talk politics sometimes during the weekend 'cause I just like, I know I'm gonna lose it.


I had to say, who told you that? No, I heard it. They actually believe they heard this shit. They actually believe it. It's what happens when you are embedded and immersed in a bath of bullshit misinformation and disinformation all day. It becomes like osmosis. It seeps into your body, becomes like part of your DNA and you believe it actually happened. My Favor is that they think Trump's never gonna leave Office. Yeah, that's another one. They think Trump's never gonna leave office. He's gonna run for seven more terms that the Trump's going to declare martial law and the military's gonna start taking on. They believe this stuff. If you read X and you are on X every day, where you getting a healthy diet of kind of both sides, you start to fish through because you know, listen, I'm not telling you every single thing that comes outta our side.


We get people on our side who spread stuff too. That's bullshit. But you eventually learn after reading a lot of this material, what's correct, what's crazy transitioning here? You get that. You see where I'm going with this? Because the transition by the way, is like nothing I've ever seen before. Folks. This Trump transition is the craziest thing I've ever seen. Do you guys know what I mean? Have you ever seen, have you guys ever seen anything like this? It's almost like there is no transition. Do you get where I'm going with this? All the executive power is still obviously embedded in the White House with oatmeal brains. I mean he's still, the president can sign executive orders, controls.


The DOJ executive branch of government can veto bills. He still has all the powers of the presidency. It's the way it works. But have you ever seen a transition like this where the president right now has no political oomph at all? His political bank account, I'm not talking about money, I'm talking about his political capital is absolutely zero. Folks, I saw a similar but not equal situation with the Bush Obama transition when McCain got smoked. I was, I was working in the White House at the time and the staffers the last month or so, I mean it was like a funeral every day.


No one wanted to hire them. Bush had very little political power, but I think he was still doing fundraisers and stuff up until the end. I mean for, for Republican. Cause if I remember correctly, I mean he didn't have zero political umph at all. I've never seen a situation where the incoming president-elect has all the political power. All of these leaders around the world visiting. We had this pledge for a, you know, a a hundred billion dollars investment into the United States by this bank. Or it is just saying crazy. All the political power seems to lie with Trump. Here's what I mean. Here's more proof. Trump has no executive power at all. He's not the president for another, what, 30 days or so, right?


He's the hostage deals are already getting negotiated. I mean this is a good thing, I love it. But I'm a little worried if some national security incident happens over as the hol happens over the holidays that we don't have a guy in charge, he's gonna be able to make any executive decisions right now. Look all the political powers with Donald Trump. Watch this Elect. Donald Trump spoke with Israeli Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu by phone late last night. The two men discussing a potential hostage deal as well as the ongoing situation in Syria. Now this actually comes just one day after reports that the two leaders were already eyeing Iran's nuclear program following the collapse of the Assad Rashim. You know, it reminds me of that movie Seven, remember I say it all, movie seven.


I love that movie with Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt with the serial killer and the guy looks, looks at him it. Have you ever seen anything like this? Have you ever seen anything like this? The sitting president right now has no political power at all. Business deals, hostage deals, trade deals, national security deals. Trump has stolen all of his political capital. It's a beautiful thing to watch because he's so patently ineffective. However, having said that, Biden still has all of the trappings of the office. This story I'm gonna read for you next outta of the New York Post is really pretty devastating because it shows you how much damage this guy can do, even with basically a month or so left.


I'm talking about Joe Biden. Obviously what's going on with the B is, I hate teases what's going on with the border wall. We have a bunch of equipment and metal over there and steel to establish this border wall. What's happening with it with Biden is such a double barrel to America. It's kind of hard to believe that even the left wing media isn't like, Hey man, you just lost on this immigration issue. Maybe stand down. But because they're commies, they can't do it. Last break, I'll tell you that I got a lot more ahead too and I still haven't spoken anybody I, I didn't open up with the drone thing 'cause it's all over the news. The drone UAP story. But I think my theory I have about foreign governments, you'll see what I mean and use of force stuff coming up next with this clip from my orca who's always, I think he basically admits what I told you is true.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. It's why I'm so excited to talk about Beams Dream Powder. It's a science backed nighttime blend for sleep that's actually clinically shown to improve sleep and help you wake up refreshed. They sent me something to try a couple years ago now and I really look forward to it. It's helped me get to sleep. I wanna keep the momentum going. I need to be sharp. Dreams are part of my nightly routine. It's made a big difference. Other sleep aids it can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream has a powerful all natural blend of rei Magnesium, altheine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. The Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the new year is Beam's bestselling Dream powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor for today is, Hey, time's our most precious commodity. I've heard from so many of my listeners who have asked for my advice, how do you spend your time more wisely? The answer, Hillsdale College. They're offering more than 40 free online courses and the most important and enduring subjects you can learn about the works of CS Lewis, the stories and the book of Genesis, the meaning of the Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic or the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale's online courses. They're available free. I personally recommend you sign up for Marxism, socialism and communism. It's a brand new course unlike anything Hillsdale's produced before. It's incredible. Over the course of six documentary style episodes, you'll heal from Hillsdale professors of history, politics, and economics as they look at Marxist life and writings, the misery and brutality of the Soviet Union, the communist China atrocities, and the proliferation of cultural Marxism in America. We explore how many ideas in American politics are rooted in Marxism and how they differ from Marxist thoughts. So start your free course, Marxism, socialism and communism today. Go right now to hillsdale.edu to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/dan hillsdale.edu/dan to register. That's hillsdale.edu/dan. Check it out. The courses are amazing, highly recommended.


Alright, back to the show folks. It's New York Post story. If this isn't a kick in the Johnson, I don't know what is here. So here's the damage because Biden has no political power and he has no political capital. He's leaving office bitter and angry when he can remember who he is, which is rare. So he's eager to give you the double barrel. New York Post Biden administration quietly clears away border wall parts for an auction ahead of Trump's second term. Folks, this is not a, this is an auction in name only. The goal quote is to move all of it off the border before Christmas. The materials are being transported to an air park in Arizona where it's being sold to Gov planet, an online auction house specializing in military surplus with bidding started just $5.


I've got a recommendation. Some rich billionaire out there should go out and buy this stuff for the $5 and then donate it back to the government so Donald Trump could get his border wall built without the taxpayers having to buy back the stuff that this loser sold off. Do you see what he's doing? He's giving you the middle finger he's trying to make building a border wall and keeping the United States really, really hard. He wants to make sure, unlike Stuart Thompson doesn't wanna acknowledge it's having sex traffickers. Biden wants to make sure sex traffickers have an easy time at no border wall. Drug dealers, terrorists, human smugglers. This is what Joe Biden's doing. Joe Biden will go down. I promise you, when this is all done as the worst president in modern US history, there will be no parallel.


I don't even think you can possibly be as bad as this guy. This guy makes Obama look like, like of the Ronald Reagan of the Right. This guy is a total train wreck. He wants to hurt you. He wants to make sure the country's in a world of hurt. I know Stewart's like, oh my gosh, they're stoking outrage. Stuart's not outraged about Joe Biden selling off the border while you bought, because Stuart Thompson, these guys at the New York Times, this is the kind of stuff they're ideologically behind. They love the idea of open borders and all this other stuff. It's disgusting. This guy can do a lot of damage. Keep your eye on the prize folks. Don't, you know, don't look past what's happening for the next 30 days. We got the holidays coming up and my suspicion is with the Christmas holiday and you're gonna see like the numbers go down for everyone.


People understandably they're, they're celebrating with their families, they're traveling. People get generally what, like a 10% drop guys around the holidays or something. It's all across the board. There's nothing you can do about it unless there's some major breaking news story and you know, that's fine, right? Joe Biden's White House knows that they know people's eyeballs are distracted. Just watch, I guarantee you this guy's not done with all the damage he's gonna cause. So I wanna throw this out there. I wanna just talk about this drone story because again, because nobody trusts Stuart Thompson or the Biden administration, this drone UAP story has morphed into something crazy at this point. Nobody knows what to believe anymore. I have M's.


Razor guy, I would love to believe it is just a couple recreational drone club guys playing with a drone hovering above the ground. I would love to believe that. The problem I'm having with this folks is because the government is such shit and the New York Times and Washington Post are such purveyors of misinformation that they won't just tell us or state the obvious says to me, something's going on. There are a bunch of theories of them. I'm not gonna call 'em conspiracy theories 'cause that's always used as a pejorative and I'm not willing to discount anything. But Walter Ke I follow on Twitter. He said the Jones in New Jersey may be looking for a very serious weapon, a good source. I, I don't know that to be true at all. I just wanna put that out in advance. I I've not heard that.


It doesn't mean it's true or untrue, it just means I haven't heard it. I'm just telling you it's out there. I, I don't know folks, I have a theory on this too. I think it aligns with Holman Jenkins that the Wall Street journalism been writing about this often. That this may in fact be foreign governments doing what foreign governments do like China did with the spy balloon, which is they're just trying to surveil sensitive locations in the United States. It seems to be the Occam's razor solution. It requires you to assume the least. If the drones were looking for say, a nuclear weapon that was smuggled into the United States, it requires you to assume that a nuclear weapon was smuggled into the United States. Not impossible, I'm not telling you it didn't happen.


I'm wanna be careful. I'm not telling you it now. I'm just telling you when I don't know something, I always go with the simplest explanation and Jenkins seems pretty, pretty legit. The theory is that these foreign governments are surveilling sensitive locations with drone technology and we don't know what to do with it. The military doesn't wanna shoot it down because it's gonna land somewhere and nobody knows how to tell the public we can't secure the airspace. Folks tell me in a chat, 'cause I'm really, guys watch the chat 'cause I wanna see what do you think happened? Do you think that that theory's crazy? Because to me that seems like the CCAs razor one. Here's why I say it too. I want you to watch this. I interviewed my this weekend, our DHS secretary and name only, who's a total joke of a human being.


This guy's a gross, corrupt crat. I can't stand them, but I've got, they're not long clips, they're about a minute each. But first he tries to tell Wolf Blitzer on CNN how these things, they're sure they're not a threat, but then isn't sure what the, this is what I don't understand. How do you know they're not a threat if you don't know what they are? It's like looking at some fancy weapon you've never seen before. Oh, that's not a threat. What is it? Gee, I don't know. Well, how the hell you know it's not a threat. Listen to part one and in the second part I think you're gonna see my theory about them not knowing how to get these things out of the sky and that they're foreign is right. But listen to part one first. No threat folks. Don't worry. Check this out. President-elect Donald Trump.


He just called on the Biden administration for you guys to either release any information it has about these mysterious drone sightings or shoot the drones out of the sky. How do you respond to the president elect? Well, first of all, I, the statements I've made already are the principle message that I want to communicate to the American public. We haven't seen anything unusual. We know of no threat. Secondly, we have gone to Congress repeatedly asking for more authority to counter drone activity. And we have also asked for more authority to give to the state and local officials under our supervision because it, it correctly notes those authorities need to be expanded.


Okay, so I'm reading a, oh, hold on, I'm get outta a microphone. I do that. I have a bad, I have the worst microphone habits at all. I'm really sorry about that. A lot of people are saying this is like some government psyop that they're looking for extra drone authority. Which, you know, ordinarily I'd say, ah, I'm not so sure. You may be right. That could very well be the government putting these up there to get a media story out there. So everybody panics and then, oh look, we need authority over the sky. Shut it down. Possible, possible. However, here's the only reason and listen, it hit me hard. All you want, it's fine, whatever. I'm just putting a theory out there. The only reason I'm not telling you that's not true, I'm just saying the only reason I would doubt that story a little bit is because it's reflecting now really poorly on Joe Biden and my orca.


The media coverage folks has not been friendly even from the left. I mean, what was it the, even the Wall Street Journal, which is kind of center right, but can lean left at times was like, Hey listen man, nobody believes you guys anymore about anything. And this drone thing is just another example of the government lying to us. So even kind of like center right and left wing, Alexs had been beating them up. So you would think at some point they would come out and just say like, Hey, this was one of ours. And just basically make up a reason. The only reason I doubt it a little bit, I'm not telling you wrong, so it jumped down my throat all you want. But I'm just saying I think it's foreign and I think it's very simple. It's surveillance. And the reason I say that is we, they've already done it. The China spy balloon thing was real.


It happened. The, the Chinese drones around military bases right now is a very real threat. We're pretty sure it's happening right now. I want you to listen to the second part of this a little shorter. Here's my orcas. And he, he says something at the end. I told you this last week, you're not not wasting your time here. Think of it as a use of force policy against drones. Folks, nobody knows what to do. Do you fry it? Some of these things are big. If you fry it with some of the technology, where does it land? They don't know what to do with these things because they're not easy to intercept because human beings can't fly what you do. Escort it to the ground.


Watch this. You'll see what I mean. Check this out. I wanna play something another New Jersey Congressman, a Republican, Jeff Andrew said about the drones over his state in New Jersey. Listen to this. We're not being told the truth. They are dealing with the American public like we're stupid. They don't know what it is. They don't know what it's about. They haven't taken one down to analyze it. They have no idea where it came comes from. But they know that it's not that. I mean that's nonsense. They do not know what they're doing. Why don't they take one of them down, analyze it and let us know what's really happening. What do you say to the congressman? Well first of all, we have experts and he should not diminish the, the extent of their expertise and the extent of their dedication to the wellbeing of the American people.


These are individuals who dedicate their careers to the safety and security of the United States of America. Number one. Number two, it's not as though anyone can just take down a drone in the sky. That in and of itself would be dangerous. Also, do You have The authority to shoot down Jews? Our authorities are very limited. That is precisely why we have gone to Congress to expand those authorities. Yes, yes. Did you hear it folks? I'm telling you, I am almost certain I'm right on this. They, you are giving the government way too much credit. Just like everybody gave the Secret Service all this credit and they were like, how'd a guy get on the roof and shoot the president ahead?


Don't they have like a special infrared camp they could have, they just didn't use it. The roof? Yeah, no, Justin said it right. It was definitely the slope of the roof was too much. It was hot. It was, you're giving the government too much credit. Somebody is sitting around that room. Yes, I get it. I've received a thousand emails. I know there's technology to take it down. They can't figure out how to use it without taking a damn thing down and having it land on a house. And then what happens? The locals show up that may take custody of the drone and then you are gonna find out what, holy shit, this is an Iranian or Chinese drone. Do you get it? He's admitting it. Did you guys hear that at the end?


I'm not crazy, right? He's like, well, you know, we got, it's very dangerous to take these things down and, and then he's asked about, Hey, do you have the authority to do it? Well, he doesn't even seem to know. Don't assume the government has any competence at all. Here's the best lesson out of this entire thing. Treat the government like you would your seven or 8-year-old, not your 6-year-old, not your 13-year-old there, the 6-year-old, nah, maybe, you know, just a little bit of self-awareness. 13, they start to get seven or eight where they know a little bit but not enough to know much. That's the government. They just don't know what to do. This is the, I just wanna throw this in there because Wolf Blitzer references in New Jersey.


State Senator here is dead senator. This kind of went viral this weekend. He says he's suspicious that there may be an a larger threat here at work. Folks, I don't know that, you know, unlike jerk wad Stewart Tubbs like, okay, Gary, I don't talk about stuff. I don't know. So I'm not gonna get everybody all panicked about something about a nuclear weapon 'cause I have no evidence of that at all. But you know, it's, these people may, this guy says he was at a briefing or whatever and they wanna see, they look like they really wanna hide something. So if it's us doing a psyop and it's reflecting really poorly on the government, why wouldn't they just tell us, here, watch this, check this out. Why would the government allow a United States Senator be so frustrated?


We heard this from both sides of the aisle. Now that brings to me to the point that whatever these drones are doing, the government really doesn't want us to know it. That what that must mean is they're more concerned with us getting knowledge and being afraid of that information than having no knowledge and be and having all these questions. That's why I'm worried about it. It must be something going on that they can't tell us because they are so fearful of what the public's gonna do when they hear what the drones are doing. There's no way the Department of Defense does not know what's going on. We have not heard, have we heard one word from the Department of Defense, zero Folks.


Nobody trusts these people anymore. Nobody. Not the media, not the government. And they've done so poorly on this story that really Joe Biden, who couldn't have any less political capital, I just got done telling you, like I said, I structured the show this way for a reason. That this is the oddest transition I've ever seen. 'cause you effectively have a defacto and a dejure president. Biden's the Dejure president. But Trump is the defacto president. And I've never seen a transition like this. Even with the Obama Bush thing, where Bush never gave up his political capital. Even to the end, even when other people told me he didn't have any, he was like, I'm the president. I'll do what the hell I want. I've never seen anything like this. Nobody trusts these people on anything.


Their credibility, whether it's the media, left wingers, government bureaucrats, swampy, Joe Biden, nobody trusts them. That's why this drone story is so damaging and has the nation's attention because if it's a simple explanation, then just say it. And if it's not a simple explanation, then you damn well better come clean because we got a new president coming in who is not gonna be eager to cover up your bullshit. It's gonna come out in about a month. Folks, there is a reckoning coming for the communist media though, and I'm, this is an important segment. I'm gonna shift gears a little bit. Something happened with a criminal case, a really, really infamous kind of foe criminal case.


'cause it wasn't real, but it was made up. It was kind of a, the pre juicy sommelier thing. Do you remember the Duke rape case where there were allegations that the Duke lacrosse team had raped this woman? And a lot of people early on were very skeptical because the stories sound like it was constantly changing. You know, when I'm on this show, this annoys some people. Matter of fact, I had a couple Facebook messages about it. When it comes to Mangione, the suspect in the United Healthcare CEO case, as a former agent of the government myself, I am very cautious, extremely cautious about believing anything folks, until I see hard evidence produced at trial under oath, I'm really sorry. I presume everyone's innocence.


It's not virtue signaling. It's not me trying to pretend I'm higher on the moral totem pole. I don't believe shit until you go under oath. I don't, I'm sorry. I've seen too many Olympic Park bombers scams, duke lacrosse scams. Could this man gioni guy be the guy? Could I wanna see it in court? Go on the road, show me the case and swear to it, period. Call me whatever you want. It's not a virtue signal, and it's because of cases like this Duke Lacrosse case. Why am I bringing this up now? You know what? Doing that Epic Times headline, because now the accuser in this case was a woman's name. Crystal Magnum now admits, I mean, we con all knew right? Admits to making up claims.


She was raked by the Duke, the Duke Lacrosse Players folks, this Duke lacrosse team, these guys, there was gonna be like a public burning at the stake of these guys. And the story never happened. It's was completely made up. This is why on this show, I always say the suspect, these are allegations because it's important. Where do these kids go and all these other people go to get their reputations back? I wanna show you this, I saw this running around on Twitter this weekend. You know Steven Miller, who's gonna be a senior advisor to President Trump in the White House? You've seen him on the news about immigration and other issues. He's goes to show you, he hires the Right people. Stephen Miller, who people like Stuart Thompson and others probably call a conspiracy theorist.


He was Stephen Miller years ago about the Duke lacrosse, lacrosse case when it was fashionable to throw these guys under the bus saying, Hey man, time out. This story's not adding up, right? These are the kind of guys who have discretion. This stuff matters. Watch this. I think I speak for many students when I say that we're very, very concerned that two innocent people may have possibly, oh, just had their lives ruined. Lord, Your first concern is That somebody's falsely accused. That's but don't, don't tell me what my first concern is. I was disturbed to see how people were saying, why aren't they coming forward? Why aren't they saying what happened? Why haven't they, they spoken out against other players, but no one said, wait, hold on a moment.


What if they're innocent? What if they didn't do students? Okay, and We are, we are out of time. But I, I will say that these things don't happen in a vacuum. I understand your point, but it's also freedom of speech. People have a right, just like you're expressing Your opinion to express they do, but it was express their opinion. It was prosecuted as a, as a witch hunt from the beginning. People presumed their guilt and in America, gotta wrap it up. You don't do that, Ms. Mz, Jack in the chat. Trust, but verify before vilifying people. You're damn right. Remember the Olympic Park bomber case, the richer jewel case, everybody swo. Oh my gosh. This said, it wasn't a guy. Poor guy's whole life was destroyed the way all he did was find a bomb.


Don't, I'm, I'm saving you. A lot of drama folks, these media people at the Times and the Post and CNN and M-S-N-B-C, they're interested in telling you a story, not the story. And they're almost always right. I mean, they're always wrong about the story, but, but when they're telling you a story, they are so 100% confident that they're onto something that when it kicks 'em in the teeth later, they still can't admit it's wrong until something like a big electoral shift, seismic punctuated, equilibrium event happens. And then they gotta go and reevaluate it. Here's what I mean. I want you to watch this clip of Jessica Tarof. You.


We, I thought that was like, I thought you guys had, I'm like, guys, is just the wrong show you, I'm hearing something in my ear who the character, here's Tarlo. Remember when the illegal migrants were being shipped from Texas and elsewhere into Martha's Vineyard and other places, and the media was, this is a stunt. This is gonna bury the Republican party. Greg Abbott's terrible. Ron DeSantis is terrible. What did this show say? I said, folks, this is the greatest thing that ever happened because all of these people who thought the illegal immigration problem was a problem distanced from their home we ain't got nothing to do with that.


That's happened at the Texas border. The problem now became real and nobody changes their voting behavior until one question is answered. What is it? Is it bad enough yet? And it's only bad enough when it kicks you in the teeth and they didn't like it? Here's Tarloff admitting it. We told you, we told you on this show. Now again, we're way ahead of the media that that was a genius political move because it made the problem real for people who thought, oh, that's just a thing I'm reading about in a newspaper. Check this out. On the immigration front, there was a tendency amongst Democrats and especially Democrats who were discussing the issue. So people who do interviews or are part of the media to minimize it.


Over the first two and a half years when there were a lot of people coming in here and I thought that it was a stunt, you know when they started busing migrants, they go to Marcus Vineyards or flying. Yeah, It was the smartest thing they ever did. Well, it's interesting 'cause I have a friend who lives in Florida and I said, what did you think of of Ron DeSantis and Greg Abbott taking some of these immigrants and moving them to Northern states? And she said, I thought it was great because nobody really was paying attention before that. And I do think that this untold story was the strain on social services and communities, particularly along the border, this influx, huge influx of immigrants was having.


And I think the mainstream media, however you define that these days, kind of ignored that story to its peril. Thank you Katie Corak and Jessica Tarloff. Why am I thanking these two? I'm not thanking them because I really mean it. I'm thanking them for finally having this revelation. It's not gonna change anything. Katie Corick and Jessica Tarloff are two diehard liberals. Okay? But there's this little bit of a mild awakening happening and it's not because they feel bad about what happened or anything like that. It's 'cause they feel bad about losing power. That's why I will say this though. Tarloff did have a moment on the five, I dunno if you guys saw it last week.


It was kind of surprising that Daniel Penny came, case came up and Tarloff of all people gave one of the most passionate defenses of Daniel Penny. I've heard yet I was kind of actually floored by the whole thing. She's not our buddy, she's not on our side. It's not personal or anything like that. However, it was kind of strange to hear that. But you see what happens when this, this is when it, you guys never get kicked in the nuts by anything. You are aware of what liberals think. You know, they wanna take your guns, you know they wanna steal your school choice, steal your healthcare. You're aware of it. They are never aware of us until we beat them. And then they're shocked and then they go, oh my gosh, maybe we should have listened to them and not listened to Stuart Thompson. When Dan Bonino and his team were talking about what a genius move this was.


'cause it was making the problem real. Is it bad enough? Yet folks, it is getting bad enough for certain people. You are even seeing it in New York where Eric Adams, who I'm telling you is like the biggest political actor you've ever seen. The liberal mayor of New York is now starting to realize the emperor has no closed. He's up there in New York, he's meeting with Tom Hol and he's realizing this immigration thing blew up in their face. We warned you, we warned you. You didn't listen. And now he's also starting to realize not only is he illegal immigration problem, devastating, but the media bias problem is devastating. 'cause even if you're a Democrat, you're not safe. As they turn on him for doing something about immigration.


Now he realizes the media's full of crap. We warned you about this years ago. Look, watch the light bulb go off during this press conference at the end. And Eric Adams brain, check this out. We've made terrible mistakes in the past by preventing to keep our city safe from those who are committed, repeating acts of violence, particularly these dangerous gangs that we have witnessed in our city. And we're not going to continue in that di direction. I'm gonna answer a few questions and then I am leaving because it's not gonna matter what I respond to anyway. You have your preconceived thoughts already. Someone asked me if Jessica Tarof was at the party.


She was not at the party. Many of my friends from Fox were the production team from Unfiltered, and a lot of the people at Fox I work with over there. So it was very nice of him to show up, but Jessica was not there. It's not personal. Jessica was never mean to me or anything like that. We just, folks, we have a political disagreement. The United States, we're still a republic, right? You're allowed to have political disagreements with people. You see it, you see the light bulb going off. That's why when I say to you things like, is it bad enough yet? I know they're quips and and and all that stuff, but the show is meant to be a political tactics lesson too. If you listen to this show a year or two years, three years ago when migrants were being shipped illegal ones into big cities, the left wing media was telling you, oh my gosh, it's gonna be devastating.


The Republican party's gonna suffer for this. People hate them for it. I told you that's bullshit. You are now making it real. You are now making the is it bad enough? Question real? And sure enough, we were right. Stewart was wrong. Yet again, folks, thanks again for everything. Thank you for tolerating my long weekend update today. I hope folks in the chat did you Pacino quick poll at the end. Was it annoying or not? Yes, it was annoying. No, it wasn't. I liked it. I, because the show's for you. But it was a crazy weekend, man. And I know Justin and Michael and all of us, we had, we had a really good time. Thank you again. And my wife Paula, for doing the most special thing anyone's ever done for me, ever in my life.


That was, that was really amazing. And we did it on Friday the 13th, which should have been a bad Oman. It should have rained on us and it didn't. So, oh, cool. Glad you guys. All right, cool. I, you know, I don't waste your time with too many personal stories and I listen, wait, I know I gotta go. But one quick thing folks. Someone sent me this thing like, because I put some pictures up there like, dad, you look like wasted man, folks, I had a good time. It was fun. Be responsible. I work hard during the week. I have a good time on Friday night at a party. Like that's, yeah, it's my house. Like, you know, I, I, there's a couple people who sent me that, you know, listen, even Jesus turned water into wine, okay? And I certainly ate Jesus. You know, so we had a good time.


Everybody was responsible and we got hurt, we had shuttles for everyone. It was fun. So please download the Rumble app. We had a great week at Rumble. Join us live every day for the live chat. 154,000 even during a pre-holiday week. We love you guys. Number one live stream in America, rumble.com/bonino. Please give us a follow and then a follow us on Apple Podcast and Spotify, The Dan Bongino Show. It's all free. We'd love to have you here. I'll see you on the radio show or here in Rumble in a few minutes. And back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.