
Hey there. Welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us on a Wednesday. rumble.com/ VINCE. That's how you get to us live. If you're listening on the audio podcast, always great to have you with us. We've got a huge show today. Ned Ryan from American Majority, is stopping by Great American Patriot. We'll talk to him about what's going on in the world and what he thinks is gonna happen next. The big beautiful bill, what's going on there? Also, the First Amendment. Does the First Amendment guarantee that the government's gonna cut you a check every month? I dunno about you. It doesn't work that way for me. But you do have lefty organizations who are saying it's a First Amendment threat to cut off their federal funding. I'm sorry, what? I will dive into the details there.


Also, Frank Fugazi, Mr. Eight eight himself is attacking Dan Bonino, the deputy director, FBI, which means it's a day that ends in y. I've got all the details ahead on VINCE. Again, great to have you with us. The best damn audience in media.


Hey, You know what I'm doing these days. I'm sleeping on a Helix mattress. I've been sleeping better than ever on my Helix mattress. I look forward to sleeping every single night. My wife and I love, love. No kidding, that Helix mattress at the end of a long day. No more tossing and turning Helix Sleep is an award-winning mattress brand. That's been the essential reason why I do wake up feeling so much more refreshed and ready to take on each new day. Helix Mattress can really help you figure out which mattress is going to work best for you. So do you have back pain? I do. Do you sleep too hot or do you snore? Visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE and you can get started. So once you get your mattress delivered, you can finally get some comforting sleep. And right now, Helix has an amazing exclusive offer for listeners of the VINCE podcast. 27% off site-wide, plus a free bedding bundle, which includes a sheet set and a mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's right. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE and get 27% off site-wide, plus a free bedding bundle with any luxe or elite mattress. Order exclusive for listeners of the VINCE Podcast. I'm sleeping so well, you will to Helix sleep.com/ VINCE.


Alright, let's see here. I want to dive into the details of what's going on with this federal funding. Federal funding for places like NPR. You see this week that the President of the United States is obviously cutting off funding to national, as my buddy Chris Plank says, national Panhandler Radio, where they're constantly begging you give us more money as they take money from the federal government. NPR has cut off. And this week, NPR has filed a lawsuit this week against the president saying that cutting off their federal funding that is our federal funding to them amounts to a violation of the First Amendment.


Now, isn't that an amazing thing? I, I don't remember that clause in the First Amendment that NPR or any media organization is entitled to federal funds. Where did that come from? Well, literally nowhere. They just made it up completely. NPR is insisting that they're entitled to your money, and if they don't get it, it's a violation of the First Amendment. Take a look here. This is the New York Times NPR Sues Trump over order to cut funding. The lawsuit filed in federal court in Washington by NPR and other public radio organizations said, president Trump's executive order violates the Constitution and the First Amendment, I'm sorry, what in the hell are they talking about?


I love the left. The left. Which doesn't ever take the Constitution seriously. And when they talk about it, they pretend it enshrines rights that don't exist. Like they can take your money and give it to N-P-R-N-P-R sued President Trump on Tuesday over his executive order that aims to end the federal funding for NPR and PBS. The lawsuit that was filed in federal court in Washington by NPR and other public radio organizations, including Colorado Public Radio and Aspen Public Radio, said that Mr. Trump's order violates the Constitution and the First amendment's protection for freedom of speech. The lawsuit says the following quote, the president has no authority under the Constitution to take such actions. On the contrary, the power of the purse is reserved to Congress.


The White House had no immediate comment. Okay, wait a second. So lemme get this straight. You help me understand exactly what you're saying here. You're saying the President can't strip this funding. If he does, it's a violation of the First Amendment, but if Congress strips the funding, it's not a violation of the First Amendment. Make it make sense. And the answer is, you can't actually do that. It's impossible to make that make sense because this is incoherent gobbledygook. NPR is is straight up saying, give us money or else you're violating the constitution. My rights, my rights are being infringed. You're ridiculous. No, no more money for you. No more money for your propaganda operation.


One other big detail here that I want to emphasize from the New York Times piece, NPR always does this game. They say, oh, it's a huge violation of the First Amendment. Our ability to speak is gonna disappear if we can't keep taking taxpayer money. But then the New York Times wheels out this again, incoherent excuse for NPRs theft. They say, quote, only a fraction of NPRs budget. About 2% comes directly from federal grants. Pay attention to the language here. The New York Times never bothers to offer any other clarifying language. Only a fraction of NPR R'S budget. About 2% comes directly from federal grants. Pay attention to directly. That matters a lot here.


Most of the funding goes to local public radio and TV stations across the United States helping fund their operations and create programming. About 15% of PBS's budget comes from federal grants. Okay? Here's what they're not telling you in this deceptive little paragraph from the New York Times. What they're not telling you is all of the government funding that goes to local NPR affiliates all across the country. You know what they do with that money? That government money that is taxpayer funding. You know what they do with it? They send it up to NPRs national operation in order to become subscribers.


In other words, they're laundering taxpayer money through the NPR member stations to the NPR Parent organization. And that's how the New York Times can get away with saying something like, well, only 2% of federal funding goes directly to NPR. That is so deceptive. It is so completely dishonest. It's built that paragraph was not built to elucidate. Instead, it was built to conceal, to deceive, to pretend like there's nothing. There's, this is much to do about nothing. Why are they even going after this federal funding? It's such a poultry sum. Well, no, it's not. Actually, it is the sustaining force for NPR.


The reason NPR can continue to exist is because it's nothing more than a welfare operation that steals money from the American taxpayer. No more of that. If you think you have great programming exist on your own, exist on your own, become a for-profit enterprise or straight up be donor driven entirely, but stopped stealing from the American taxpayer for stuff like what kind of transgender dinosaur would you be? The trans community. And they're a fascination with dinosaur emojis. These are real NPR segments. These are real NPR segments. Why am I wasting my money on this against my will? It's, it's enough. So Trump's cutting them off.


N-P-R-P-B-S, which is a, which is a really, really big deal. But here they are this week saying, well, this is a big threat to our, our our to The first Amendment. To the First Amendment. Isn't that great? Really, really wonderful stuff. And they're not the only organization that Trump is cutting off who's claiming that it's a First Amendment threat to them. The Trump administration is also cutting off contracts with Harvard. That's right. All the federal funding that's going to Harvard, the Trump administration this week announced, yeah, no more. We're gonna find every last dollar of federal funding that's going to that institution and we're cutting them off. We're not doing that anymore. What are we doing? Why are we sending all of this money to a propaganda outfit that doesn't heed the will of the American voter that allows rank antisemitism, anti-Semitism, excuse me, to fester onto the campus like crazy that inculcates, that bigotry, that inculcates the bigotry found within so-called DEI programs, which compel students to judge themselves and others on the basis of things like race and religion and gender.


It's crazy. So no more, we're not gonna underwrite that anymore. The Trump administration is now moving to cut off all federal funding, federal contracts, all remaining federal contracts with Harvard University, the General Services Administration, sending a letter to federal agencies yesterday, advising them, Hey, end any contracts you have left with Harvard. This is the latest move by the administration, the daily caller reports to punish the school for repeatedly allowing antisemitism to persist on campus and continuing to use race-based policies. So they're cutting them off. Now, Harvard is claiming that this is a threat to the First Amendment. If you read some of the coverage of this Harvard's defensive itself as, oh, it's a First Amendment threat.


That's crazy. That's completely cra How is it a threat to the First Amendment not to receive federal funding? Do you receive a check every month to preserve your First Amendment rights? I definitely don't. You know, this would be a heck of a lot easier. Why doesn't the government just send us money to keep this show afloat? We'll do it that way. Nah, I'm just kidding. I don't want that. Anyway, I like, I like that this show is sponsor supported. I like that this show is, is, is attended to by listeners and viewers who want, who see it engage in the products and keep this great program alive and make it happen. I like all of that. I don't wanna be dependent on the government. Every college should disentangle from the federal government for the benefit of the students if they actually care about an education.


Every single one of these colleges should operate like Hillsdale does. Hillsdale doesn't accept federal funding. And by not accepting federal funding, they remove federal control over their operations. That's what these colleges should do. But instead, You know what's happened. You know what's happened in America? The American college system has become grotesquely expensive. They've become propaganda mills for the establishment. They don't actually produce meaningful educational outcomes for the students that attend. And they continue to take advantage of you whether you like it or not. So finally, we have an administration coming along saying, yeah, no more of that. We're not doing that anymore.


Another big thing here that nobody ever tackles, because everyone seems to be fine lining their pockets with it, is student visas. Do You know how many students on American college campuses are coming in every year into the United States that are foreign students getting educated on American campuses? Propagandized in that system. One over 1 million new foreign students each year coming into the United States. A million. And the lion's share of them are at some of the most elite institutions we have in our, in our country to include Harvard. And in fact, the two most dominant countries right now for foreign students coming into the United States are the, are China and India.


China and India. Those are the two most dominant populations of foreign students who are coming into the United States and occupying all of these spaces inside of our, our universities as we speak. You know, I talk to a, a top official in the last Trump administration, a guy who's very high up, he knew, he knows everything. And I asked him, Hey, if it were up to you, just theoretically today, would you ban all Chinese foreign nationals from being inside of the American university system? In other words, would you eject every Chinese foreign national from America's colleges? And he paused only for maybe a second and said, yes, I would, yes, I would, I would banish them because of the, the long arm of the Chinese Communist Party because of the interference that's going on in the United States because of the theft of intellectual property.


I mean, you saw the head of Harvard's chemistry department was busted for taking money from the Chinese and smuggling American technology out of the country to the Chinese. That's the head of Harvard's chemistry department that got busted in that. Yeah. So no, there's a, there's a lot of problems going on here. A lot of problems. So this week We got an, an additional move by the Trump administration that is really, really important. The Trump administration has paused all, all new student visas, all of them. Remember the top two countries I mentioned, China and India. All new student visas, though across the board, all foreign nationals are at the moment blockaded from getting into the American university system.


The Trump administration daily call report has ordered US embassies and consulates to halt new interviews for student visas as officials consider expanding social media screening for foreign applicants. A diplomatic cable set. The order was dated for yesterday, that's Tuesday and has US Secretary of State, Marco Rubio's signature, according to Politico, effective immediately in preparation for an expansion of required social media screening and vetting. Consular sections should not add any additional student or exchange visitor visa appointment capacity until further guidance is issued. Sel I'll get to that, which we anticipate in the coming days, said Rubio SEL is a State Department shorthand for separate telegram.


The outlet is noting here, so the president of the United States, Marco Rubio, secretary of State stopping all new student visas in the United States, they're not doing this for no reason. They're not doing this because they wanna make somebody else's life difficult. They're doing this because they're concerned about the vetting procedures. This goes back to the anecdote that I just shared with you from the last Trump administration. Trump officials back then knew that we had massive, massive foreign influence operations going on foreign theft operations going on inside of the American university systems to the point that it was a threat to national security. Our vetting is inadequate, is what the Trump administration is telling you.


So we are stopping student visas into the United States until we can get control of what's going on. Again, this is exactly what you voted for. This is precisely what I voted for. So these guys are tackling that problem inside of the American University system, in addition to cutting off the, the federal funding, which hasn't really helped improve educational outcomes. It's definitely made higher education, a lot more expensive, a lot more expensive. It's that thing, You know, higher education outpaces inflation by 400% in terms of price. You know why, You know why it costs more every year? Because the federal government medals in the system. It's not a free market. It's a rigged crony system. The president's putting a stop to that, he's putting a stop to that.


So this is a, these are, these are really, really big developments here that you need to know about. Also, I, I want to get to what's going on with the big beautiful bill that's really important here, because I know there's a lot of a a, there's a lot of chatter going on about whether or not doge cuts would be a part of it. And people concerned, they say, well, the Doge cuts are not in this thing. Even even Elon Musk this weekend was on CBS Sunday morning, and he was saying, You know, the bill can't be both, can't be big and beautiful. It can only be one and, and the Doge cuts are not in this thing. Take a look at what Elon Musk is saying on the subject.


So, You know, I was like disappointed to see the massive spending bill, frankly, which increases the budget deficit, not just decrease it. And it reminds the work that the Doge team is doing. I actually thought that when this big beautiful bill came along, I mean like, everything he's done on Doge gets wiped out in the first year. I think a I think a bill can be, can be, can be big or it can be beautiful, but I don know if it could be both my personal opinion. Alright, so there's, there's Elon saying it can be big or beautiful, but I don't think it can be both. I don't think that's achievable. And I'm disappointed that these Doge cuts were not baked into this thing.


It says Elon, now there's some things that you need to know about this. It's not everything that it looks like on the surface. I'm, I'm with the people who want the doge cuts codified into law. This shouldn't merely be that the President saves us money. It should be illegal to waste this money. That's my view on the subject, and I'm sure it's yours as well. So I, I'm right there with everyone who wants the Doge cuts. But is it possible to even put the Doge cuts into the big beautiful bill? Well, according to the White House Deputy Chief of Staff Steven Miller, the answer to that you should know is no Doge cuts. Steven writes our discretionary spending, the federal bureaucracy under the Senate budget rules.


You can't cut discretionary spending only mandatory in a reconciliation bill. This is Medicaid, Medicare mandatory spending that the federal government does. That's what you can cut in a reconciliation bill. So the Doge cuts would have to be done through what is known as a rescissions package. I've been talking about Rescissions, keep that in mind. I'm about to give you more on that or an appropriations bill. He says, the big beautiful bill is not an annual budget bill. It does not fund the departments of government. It does not finance our agencies or federal programs. Instead, it includes the single largest welfare reform in American history, along with the largest tax cut and reform in American history. The most aggressive energy exploration in American history and the strongest border bill in American history, all while reducing the deficit.


So that's the, that's Stephen Miller. And by the way, read that as you should, as a message to the United States Senate, that he wants to see this bill passed and to stop whining that there's not more cuts in there because there's other vehicles to make cuts with. Now this brings us to that Rescissions point I've been mentioning on the show. The President of the United States has a power that is little used in Washington because almost nobody in Washington ever wants to actually cut spending. And the power the president has is called the Rescissions power. And what it allows him to do is tell Congress, I know you allocated this funding, I'm here to tell you I don't need it, rescind it. And so he can send a formal request to Congress that starts a 40, 45 day clock to rescind federal spending.


And it doesn't require a super majority in the Senate to cut. In fact, all it requires is a simple majority in the Senate to cut. Now, here's a dirty little secret about Washington. Senators prefer not to take votes. They don't like voting on things because they don't like being measured by how they vote. They don't like accountability. So the last thing that even Republican senators want is to be asked for an actual head count on whether or not they're willing to cut spending. But the president can do this, and I've got news for you on Monday. They are doing it this coming Monday. I just talked to the head of the Office of Management and Budget, his name's Russ Vote.


I had him on the radio show yesterday, and Russ told me that on Monday, they're sending a rescissions package to Congress valued at just over $9 billion. Now, is that enough cuts? No, not as far as I'm concerned. I want them to send a lot more RESCISSIONS packages. But the first Rescissions package, which includes cuts to U-S-A-I-D, which includes cuts to NPR and PBS, which includes cuts that'll put into law, cuts to these funding that's going on Monday. So if you're on Team Doge cuts like me, there's a vehicle for doing that. So when you hear all of this chatter about, well, it's not in the big beautiful bill, it's a betrayal.


It's not in the big beautiful bill. I'm telling you right now, there are vehicles to do these cuts. And Steven Miller is straight up saying, doge cuts are discretionary spending cuts. They can't be done in reconciliation. I'll explore this more in a moment with our guest, Ned Ryan from American Majority. But it is important to know all of the details here about how this goes and, and also how Rescissions work. I I know that this is not a part of the American dialect. I mean, we've just become accustomed, unfortunately, talking about reconciliation packages over the last decade or so. But rescissions, it's a real power. Washington doesn't like talking about it because it involves cutting spending And it involves holding them accountable based on their votes, which I love.


So let's do all of that.


Gotta thank our sponsors. Before we get to our great guest, while we may have won the election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now's the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge. I love Patriot Mobile. They're America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is this, every dollar you spend supports a company that believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders. Switching is so easy. You can keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade. I added a second line with Patreon Mobile to my phone, And it took me seconds and I didn't have to go anywhere. I just did it from my house. Their 100% US based customer support team is gonna help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you're gonna get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every single call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot Tree. Yes indeed.


Also, speaking of Hillsdale Love Hillsdale College. Have you ever heard anybody talk about capitalism is just evil, capitalism's evil? They say, did you try communism? What? How do you respond to that other than saying, well, you're an idiot. Well, there is an, there's a more detailed way to respond to it. It is not just saying you're an idiot. In fact, there's a great free online course from Hillsdale College called Understanding Capitalism. Hillsdale College is offering actually more than 40 free online courses. That's right. They're free online courses. You can learn about the United States Constitution, the stories in the book of Genesis, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church, all with hillsdale's free online courses. Hillsdale does have that course. Understanding capitalism, it's phenomenal. In seven lectures, you'll learn about the role of profit and loss, and how human nature plays a role in our economic system. And above all, freedom and why capitalism is ultimately the best system for encouraging morality rather than undermining it. So go right now to hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to enroll in this course. Understanding Capitalism, there's no cost. It's very easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ VINCE. Yes indeed, Hillsdale love me some Hillsdale.


Okay.


And then finally, I gotta tell you about mok Box. This is If you, you like, you like having meat delivered to the house. I love meat. I love a good source of protein. It said that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. Did You know that reports say, China controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using these tactics to crush American family farms. And with the additives that they put into the food, Americans are stuck with very sketchy meat. So what can we do about this? You gotta know about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. That's mok. Mo's meat comes from animals raised outdoors, and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices that we can actually afford. Born, raised, harvested, all right here in the United States of America. I started eating mok recently. They sent me a box, including some amazing bacon, the best bacon I've ever had. No kidding. I love how great it tastes, and I know you will too. You can support American Family Farms. Join the mok movement today@mokbox.com slash VINCE right now, and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free. But for a limited time, spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ VINCE, that's mink box.com/ VINCE mink love mink.


Also love our next guest, the great Ned Ryan from American Majority is in the house. Ned, good to see you, sir. Good To be with you. Hey, you been, how you been, man? Good. I'm doing good. Been all right. Never a dull moment. No, Never. Lots going on at all. Okay. So I know you as you were as you were getting in here, you heard me talking about the big beautiful bill, right? There's some debate going on. And I love, what I love about conservatives is just everybody's so aggressive now about what they want. Yep. Like they, they're, they're not willing to settle for anything. Yep. And so there's a lot going on with people saying, where are my doge cuts? I want those doge cuts codified. Even Elon just went on television this weekend. It was like, I was really disappointed that the Doge cuts are not in there. But you talk to guys at the White House, Ruvo telling me Yeah, they're moving on that stuff and they're doing it within the confines of how the law actually works.


They're, They're starting to do, I think you're gonna hear some pretty exciting news. I I'm gonna let somebody else make that announcement since it's their news to tell sometime later today or tomorrow about some really interesting tactics and strategies that I think will make the base very happy in regards to Rescissions and other things that they've been cooking up for a long time. And I just got word of it walking into here. So, So spending cuts is what you're saying? Yes. Spending cuts significance. Significant. Yep. So, well, more than 9 billion. Well, It's gonna be at least around that point. And I think they're using, they are going to use every tool in the toolbox to be able to accomplish that. So people, I I keep on telling people, let them cook.


Yeah. Like give them time, give them a little bit of space. Are we crazy about the big beautiful Bill? I I think there's a lot of good parts to it for sure. But, You know, some of the increase in spending. But I I I, I know for a fact the White House and Rust vote have some very interesting things that they're probably gonna be talking about a lot today and tomorrow. So, You know Yes. Be looking out for that stuff. So that's, so the starting pack for me was what Russ told me yesterday. He said, $9 billion cuts come in Monday. Yep. They're, they're, they're introducing a Rescissions package. I've been talking about it in this show because I feel like there's only, there's very limited venues where anyone has talked about this presidential power because Rescissions rescissions Exactly. That this is, but here's the risk that comes with it.


In 2018, Trump tried this. Right. He sent a rescissions package to Congress. Right. And the Senate failed to pass it because the Senate, I mean, let, let's be honest, You know, a lot of these guys, they don't wanna reduce government spending. They're perfectly happy keeping their little nest eggs going. I I, I think the dirty little secret of most of the 20th century and 21st century American politics is how Congress has sold out the American people on a whole host of fronts. Yeah. I talk about it in my book, where they've sub unconstitutionally, sub delegated their legislative authority to the administrative state, which resides in the Article two branch, that they've also then continued to empower those folks as well. So Congress has been a real part of the problem in regards to not legislating correctly according to the constitutional requirements.


Yeah. And at the same time, they have absolutely almost no interest in being fiscally responsible. So, but then I take it a step further. Congress has done this, but you expect Democrats to do the wrong thing. It's Republicans in Congress that have been really, I think, kind of the villains of the 20th and 21st century in regards to, they're not really representing the American people. They're not representing the best interest of the American people in regards to who's actually legislating, but also how they're spending money. And I think they've been spending it irresponsibly. So, You know, If you really want to, You know, get down to brass tax, Republicans in Congress would be really nice if we started upgrading the quality of them in the primaries of 26 in the House and in the Senate.


Yes. So why is there, I mean, there, there have been some test votes on codifying Doge. Right. And 26 Republican senators just voted against it. Yeah. It was introduced by Rand Paul. And the list includes the usual suspects. You see a bunch of, I mean, you got Lindsay Graham Here, McConnell Tillis. Yeah, of course. It's, it's like kind of the typical group. The problem is the typical group is bigger than our margin. A lot bigger. It is. Th thi this to me, I think one of the things, and again, i I primarily reside in the world of politics. It's time to upgrade in really deep red states. I mean, Cornyn's got a primary challenge already in Texas. Yep. I'd really like to see Tom Tillis have a very legitimate primary challenge in North Carolina.


Yes. You know, I'm not sure we're really gonna get a shot at Lindsey Graham, although he's far more problematic than, than people want to admit. 'cause I, I think he's got a good relationship with Trump. He holds Trump really Close. He does. And I think you've gotta also take a shot at James Langford when he comes up again. I'd take a shot at Joni Ernst. The, the, the, the thing that we have to be strategic about is realizing I, and I'm saying I think what I think is the obvious, but not all Republicans are created equal. We have to upgrade where it makes sense strategically in red states. Yeah. Deep state. If you win a primary in North Carolina, the odds are you're probably gonna win the general, it's not a given in Texas. Probably gonna win the general, If you win the primary Oklahoma, it's a given. You win the Republican primary, you're gonna win the general. So let's go into these deep red states and start upgrading senators that actually reflect the values of America First.


So, so my impression is that, well for now, president Trump is keeping his powder dry on these questions, but do you think he gets involved, like, so for instance, he didn't get involved when Tom Tillis submarine, ed Martin for US attorney, he kind of, he kind of sat back. I think he needs a few votes. The one time, the one time that he really pressured Tillis was on Hegseth, apparently to get Helix across the board, across the finish line. So You know what's going on there. Does, does he, because this is, You know, that's a, a place where you're gonna get a Republican If you, if they win the primary, they win. And so should the President play in a place like North Carolina, I I certainly hope that he has a list of Republican senators that I think are problematic. I know what they're probably trying to do is make some political calculations.


We don't have that big, a majority in the Senate. He needs some votes. You've got three or four usual suspects, Murkowski, Collins, McConnell. Yeah. Throw in, You know, the rotating Lindsey Graham, Tom Tillis, he's gotta get some votes. But, You know, I certainly hope there's some significant primary challenges next year. I mean, I even, I didn't even throw in Cassidy in Louisiana. Right. What a problem he is. So I, I certainly hope that Trump realizes he's gotta involve it, engage in some of these primaries to upgrade. If he really wants to see America first continue moving in the right direction. How, How much of this is these guys believing that somehow establishment Washington is gonna outlive Trump, They're gonna outlast him. Yeah. This, this, this to me was the beauty of what he did with JD Vance. And I think there was this whole mindset of we're gonna outlast Trump.


We just gotta put up with another four years. Yeah. Even if he wins. Yeah. And then he pulled out, now JDS 40, but at the time 39 all in, like, just pushed all of his chips in the middle of the table and said, oh, you think that you just have to outlast me? I'm picking a 39-year-old vice president so that when I'm done, America first continues on as a political movement. So I think, I think he fully intends to make this a long lasting movement. So any hopes about lasting America first? I think the DC establishment, I hope, I sincerely hope is going to be mistaken in that. Yeah. And I don't know how it works for them unless they like, take complete control of social media and like shut down our ability to communicate with one another. Correct. Because the American people, this, this goes back to where we started, there's so much aggression Yep.


For government reform right now. Yes. And that's not going to abate, that's only gonna, that's only gonna persist and grow that. I don't think, it doesn't even matter in the end if JD Vance is the guy or anybody else, this America first sentiment Right. Is here to stay. Yes. It's in the people. It's not merely in President Trump and JD Vance. Yeah, exactly. I mean, my hope is that we eventually get to the point, I'm, I'm gonna quote a communist to you here, which might sound ironic, but it was in the 1970s where this communist said a party is what people say it is. And the people who say it is, are those that show up at conventions and win primaries. And so he was arguing for the Communist Party of America to come into the Democratic Party, which explains a lot. I think today, this is 50 some years ago, I think we have to actually start to go in and remake the Republican party into an America first party, buy these primaries that I mentioned earlier, not only in the Senate, but in the house to make it a long lasting movement.


So a party is what people say it is. And I want it to be the America first types that say what the Republican Party is. It can still have the same name. It'll probably still have the same name, a generation from now Republican. But the essence will be America first, which to me is just common sense. Can I, I know we've probably talked about this, but I just wanna reiterate America first to me is just common sense government of by and for the people should actually represent the people in all things. Yes. Both foreign and domestic. And I think the Republican party establishment has completely lost sight of what does that even mean in reality? And so when Donald Trump shows up, obviously the, the left viewed him as an existential threat to a lot of things. But even the re the Republican establishment viewed him as a threat to their status quo. And so, You know, it, he's, it's something that he's got to continue down the path of, and I hope engaging in some of these primaries to realize I can remake the Republican party into an America first party.


Yes. But it's gonna require some time and effort. So You mentioned Lindsey Graham and I, I mentioned it for a moment that he holds Trump really close for his own political survival. Totally. What Is the It's a mystery to me. Yeah, I was, yeah, I was about to explore this. So I I have theories about it and among them are, You know, Trump, Trump does like people who want to come up to him and say, I wanna work with you. And Lindsey Graham is particularly good at that. He's like, and they're golf buddies. Yeah. He, and, but, but it's interesting that, I mean, they, they share almost nothing ideologically and No, this is like, it reminds me of when Trump had John Bolton as a part of the administration. He kinda liked keeping, he, at least by his own claim, he kept Bolton around because he liked people believing that at any moment he, the Crazy people with the walrus mustache might push a button.


Yeah. Somebody Might nuke their country. So he liked having that looming threat hanging in the background. I mean, can, what is this? Is he just, is is Trump's does Trump kind of like the, like Lindsey Graham just likes him on a personal level, so it keeps Him around. I think I, I, I think that's it. I've actually had a conversation with some senior folks over there and about Lindsey. I'm, I'm a bit mystified by it. And they're like, they, they like playing golf. They like hanging out. They like shooting the breeze and I'm, but I'm the same with you. Like, on what issue do they actually agree? Yeah. I don't know. Most of 'em they don't, especially on foreign policy, but I would argue on most of the domestic policy issues as well. They don't really agree. So it's a, it is a mystery to me. I don't know that I have any real answers as to why this continues on. So, because I would really like to be able to primary challenge Lindsey Graham next year.


Yeah, yeah. Rightfully so. Right. So, okay. So you mentioned Republicans have a bunch of internal battles that continue. Yep. But it seems that the America first faction thankfully, is winning out. Yep. Meanwhile, Democrats are in the political wilderness at the moment. And, and I always hesitate to write their obituary because, You know, at, at any moment they could come back into power. Yeah. By hook or by crook. Well, and also By Republicans screwing up, which they have this nasty habit of doing. And so this week there's a couple things going on. I'm seeing reports that Obama world is falling out of favor with top Democrats because they keep screwing everything up. They keep losing elections whenever they're calling the shots. And I'm also seeing that nobody, You know, of course they, they don't actually know who their leader is.


Hakeem Jeffries is barely able to put English sentences together. So how is he the leader of the Democrats? David House David Hogg is Jasmine Crockett. Yeah. Ja, Jasmine Crockett is a leading luminary in their party. So, so for a guy like, for, for guys like us, that's hilarious. And you keep, there's a part of you that hopes they keep doubling down on that. But then there's gotta be also the rational side of you that goes, wait a second, there's more to this than just these idiots at the surface. I, the, the problem being, they, they made a deal with the devil decades ago with the far left. Right. The, the grassroots, the energy, the power. And now they're being sucked into the black vortex of the woke un-American left. And it feels, I, I honestly thought looking at this, and again, rationally, which is not something that they apparently have any, any, any of left Yeah.


Is that you would look at this after the November 5th elections and go, wow, We got firmly rejected on a whole host of fronts, including our woke ideology and all of these things. We should probably think about a better approach if we wanna get back to political power. And then all of a sudden you're just watching them double down on this, this crazy anti-American woke ideology. And I'm realizing it's like a black hole vortex, right? Yeah. It's like this power that keeps on sucking them in because a lot of the energy, a lot of the grassroots, that's where they're at. The other thing is too, like you have all these powerful institutions that have been in place for decades that have continued to reinforce this ideology. Yes. And now it's like, man, they might be against the will of, if there are any rational Democrats left, they're being sucked into this black hole.


I don't know how they turn it around anytime soon. Yeah. And the only way I think that we, like Republicans, again, like they love to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory all the time. Never, never underestimate them doing that next year in the midterms. But I'm starting to think Democrats are powerless right now to change the trajectory. Well, I think they became so accustomed to rigging elections, they forgot how to run for office. Well, So They also, They also didn't figure out that some of us figured out their tactics and strategies. So we used it against them last year. Yeah. Right. Ab generation, ab chase, early vote. Yes. All of These things ballot harvesting where it's legal. Exactly. Yeah. All of these things. And then all of a sudden realize, wait a minute, like may, maybe we don't have a lock on these elections.


Yeah. But it's, it's like, it really hasn't fully clicked with Far, far left. But if you're playing, they're not playing the game where they have to, or at least they haven't been, where they actually have to appeal to real American voters or speak to the American middle. Right. Like, like the reason their ideology is so demented is because they spend no time actually working on it. And then, and then they just rig the information systems. They rig the way people vote, they rig their own primaries, they eject Bernie Sanders when he is a threat to Hillary Clinton, they, Obama throws out the whole primary party in order to make Joe Biden their nominee. This is not a democratic institution that is trying to appeal to voters in order to gain power. It's basically just rigging the system over and over without really any due consideration about ideology except to ra, to activate their most radical elements.


Right. And to compel the American people to submit to their ideology. I, I don't think we talk enough about the impact of Elon buying Twitter and X Yes. To break that hold and to actually have a free speech platform that breaks that hold on the narrative. I mean, think about everything that changed between 20 and 20, 24 elections in which all of a sudden you had a free flow of information and the free flow of ideas on a major social media platform that I think broke apart this narrative. And again, I think the, the un-American Far Left Democrat party, which again, un-American Left and Democrat party is one and the same. I don't think they fully kind of realized we don't have a complete lockdown on this narrative anymore, despite all the power this corporate propaganda still have.


But they still haven't kind of woken up to that fact. We don't get to control and dominate the narrative with our lies anymore because of x because of the things that are taking place there. Yeah. Well, so a lot, there's a lot of this like kind of soul searching going on right now. As, as these Democrats claim they're learning how to speak English. I saw a report trying To appeal to the young men. They're gonna spend 20 million on trying to appeal to the younger generations to Understand. So figure out what dudes Like maybe stop telling them like what you can't, the the, the thing that's always been amazing to me about the the left is how puritanical they actually are. Again, which might sound a little bit ironic, but you can't do this. You can't do this. They're killjoys You can't ha you can't say this because it's politically incorrect. You can't do that because it's politically incorrect how puritanical the un-American left is.


And I think the younger generations are now like completely s And then also I think the other thing that has an impact on them over the last five years, the COVID Lockdowns Yes. Mandates the masks. I mean, I have four kids, three of 'em are still at home. Going through that experience, I think has led the younger generations to go, yeah, I'm not doing that. And who's actually doing something that's kind of rebelling against the system. Oh, Donald Trump Also, there's a vibe too. Yeah. There's also a vibe. So even beyond just the ideology and the abuses that have been voted out by the left, Tim Walls and Kamala Harris are tools. Yeah. It's so obvious. So you see 'em on stage, they're like goofy, fraudulent tools.


Trump got shot in the head, stood up, right. Pumped his fist. Right. He says he's fighting for the country. And so, I don't know, I mean like I've got an 11-year-old at home. I'm, I'm sure I'm in for more of this as she gets older. But the ability for a young person to suss out what's cool and what's authentic and what's not authentic and what's authentic Yes. And what's not is unmatched. Thi thi this to me, again, in the early days of Trump, there were people that were confused. Why Trump? Well, he is authentic. He's gonna say exactly what he's thinking. There's, You know, and I think that's one of his superpowers, by the way. Yeah. The ability to say things that polite society in DC goes, that's horrifying. You shouldn't bring that up. You shouldn't say that. Yeah. Donald Trump's like, no, I'm not like there's, I'm gonna say that and I'm gonna, I'm gonna call out the administrative state and D-O-J-F-B-I for targeting me.


I'm gonna do all these things. I'm gonna call it out. And then I think that's one of his great superpowers. And people love it. But it's, it's super authentic. And again, Gee, Trump's gen a generational leader. I hope that we, we, we see another iteration of him soon. But enjoy it while we have it. 'cause I'm not sure when we'll see it again. There's Alexander Ocasio-Cortez also considered one of the luminaries of the party. And this is amazing. There's an email that she just sent out doubling down on all of the most insane language fellas, if we can pull this up. I wanna show Ned this. She wrote to her supporters that she is a democratic socialist.


I believe in cooperative economics and cooperative democracy. AKA Democratic socialism. She says, I believe that ICE an agency that was just formed in 2003 during the Patriot Act era. Let me just remind her. Immigration and naturalization services was the predecessor to ice. Right. INS She says it's a rogue agency that should not exist. And then she writes that she's the youngest woman in US history to be elected to Congress. I was just a waitress. I'm a Latina. I come from a low income background and I'm just one of a few working class people who got elected to Congress that makes a lot of classist, ageist, misogynist and racist people. Mad. She declares.


So Ned, this is the, this is the younger generation right. Of the party leadership. Yeah. She's not changing. Nope. Their strategy. Nope. She's doubling down on defund ice. And If you don't like us, you're a bigot. Well the Religious zealots, I mean, this is the other thing too that we shouldn't underestimate. The, these people are religious zealots in their political beliefs. Politics is their religion. Administrative states. They're holy of holies. And so it, to them, it's a religious system. You and, and I call it kind of kind of like power of the sword. You will convert or die. Yeah. You know, and they're not gonna back away from it. 'cause it's their religious belief and they believe that they have the right ideas that will leave to a better, brighter, more prosperous future. Which again, all the stuff she's talking about has actually led to the great destruction of of people in countries.


Yes. But yeah, I, I think we need to wake up to the fact that they're doubling down because they are religious zealots. It is a religious belief system to them. And until we meet their passion with our own, which concerns me a lot, with a lot of people that are in the Senate, Republicans in the Senate and the house who are careerists. And when you're a careerist, I'm gonna go to DC and have a wonderful career in 20 years from now. Yeah. I'm gonna go off and do something else. They're trimming around the edges. They're having a wonderful time up against religious outlets. Religious outlets will eventually, always beat careerists. And so, You know, one of the things I, I keep on trying to hammer home with the grassroots, you better meet their passion with your own, I mean, we view politics as kind of a necessary evil, but politics is, you're either gonna do politics or politics is gonna do you so figure it out.


Yes. Because If you don't, somebody else is going to, and you're going to have to actually submit to the people that win politically. 'cause politics is policy. So Yes. And and you may, and obviously I, I think what they're trying to advance is evil. But it add it's core. It's a principle. They have a principle. Their principle is power. It's, so what is the rights answer to that? So if you're in Congress right now, if you're a, if you're a member of the Senate, what are your principles adhere to principles. The other side has some, which is power. Power at all costs by any means necessary. So what are your principles in Congress? I mean, what I would like to see more of our elected representatives do is realize they're the duly elected representatives of the American people. Right. Government of buy and for the people. Yes. How do we actually return this to where we are government of the people, prioritizing, protecting and advancing the interest of the American people every day.


Although you bring up an interesting point about power. People have asked how do we get back to normal? Well I'm, I'm kind of obsessed with the idea of how you actually achieve and maintain political power long enough to actually force the left into the political wilderness, into unconditional surrender. That's the only way you bring about a sense of normalcy. So I think you actually have to believe in something which I'm not sure a lot of Republicans in Congress do. Yes. That we we're actually supposed to represent the American people. Yes. It is about freedom. It's about getting the government back into its proper size and scope, but also the idea of how do we have political power? And think about it every day. That every day we're thinking about how we achieve the numbers that lead to political power. So we maintain it to bring about the reform that's necessary.


'cause we're not, as much as I love what Trump is doing, I mean, going back to the rescissions, going back to the spending, going back to all these reforms that he's doing, you're not gonna actually bring about the real reform and structural change that that's necessary in four years is a hundred years in the making. I, I think you've gotta have political power for 12 years minimum With in the hands of the right people doing the right things. Right. And so, You know, that that, that to me, we've won, but we haven't won. And I think people need to have a much longer, long view of what we're up against and what we need to be doing over the next 8, 9, 10 years. Well, finally, in order to do that, if to win any sort of conflict, you have to destroy their armies and their stockpiles. Right. You have to. Otherwise they're just gonna use them. Oh, we're gonna keep them dry and then use them against us as soon as they have the ability to again.


So that's why it is important that we codified the destruction of U-S-A-I-D. Yes. That, that's why it is important. Oh, Blow up buildings. I, and I mean that in, in all sincerity. Of course, nobody in the building, just in case anybody's listening Controlled demolitions Yes. Control of The Hoover building Yeah. Hoover building, but also Department of Education. Yeah. Right. I, I sincerely hope they're able to shut it down completely and fully that they implode that building, which is hideous and that they build Trump's Freedom Park, his, his park of heroes over the top of it. Not only to show we are dismantling the administrative state in this massive bureaucracy that does not serve the American people, but also to be symbolic of we are restoring the republic again, here's our park of beautiful American heroes. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. You have to because at some point, as much as I would like to think we can force the un-American left into the political wilderness for generations or restore normalcy, human nature and human history tells us there are cycles.


And at some point they're going to come back into political power. We have to make their road back to political power and to rebuilding some of these things as hard as possible. Yes. And so that has to be our goal over the next, call it 12 years. How do we make, maintain that power and then make their comeback that much harder? Okay. Yeah. I love that. Ned Ryan, appreciate you man. Thank you. And, and your great work at American Majority. Thank you. Always good to see you. Thanks Man. I appreciate it. There's Ned Ryan, our thanks again to him for, for stopping by with a lot of insight and teaser as to what we could expect coming up this coming week with all these spending cuts. I'm really excited about that even later today. That's a, that's a big little scoop. I I not that's a weird phrase. A big little scoop.


That's a big scoop that's coming up. Alright, let me, let me share with you, I do wanna mention also something else the Trump administration is doing this week. I had Marty McCarey, the FDA commissioner on the show yesterday, and we were talking about getting rid of the COID jab recommendations for children and for pregnant mothers. And what do You know, the president of the United States released a social media video featuring Marty McCarey and J Botta Sharia Right around the time we were talking to Marty McCarey, here's what it looks like. Take a look. Cut one. I couldn't be more pleased to announce that as of today, the COVID vaccine for healthy children and healthy pregnant women has been removed from the CDC recommended immunization schedule.


Last year, the Biden administration urged healthy children to get yet another COVID shot, despite the lack of any clinical data to support the repeat booster strategy in children That ends today. It's common sense and it's good science. There's no evidence healthy kids need it today. And most countries have stopped recommending it for children. We're now one step closer to realizing President Trump's promise to make America healthy again. This is so long overdue, it's unreal and so gratifying to see what madness, what madness.


That they were inflicting this upon children with no underlying support, with no reason, there was no benefit to the kids. Even during the early days of COVID VID we knew very quickly in the data that this thing was not hitting kids the way it was hitting the elderly and the obese, and yet they lied to you. As Marty McCarey detailed, and I remember when this happened, the government withheld data about the extent to which people were being inflicted with swollen hearts as a, that's myocarditis. That's the phrase that the, that's used as a result of getting the COVID jab, the government withheld data that they knew about. They kept it from the public.


Because once again, this gets back to what I was just talking about with Ned Ryan, the left's attitude, the government's attitude. Broadly, the establishment's attitude is not that they exist at the, with the consent of the governed, they exist with resentment of the governed, the, the governed. Can't be trusted with information, can't be trusted with this. In fact, If you learned about it, you may question the government's recommendations in the first place. And here you have finally administration saying, no more. We are not doing this. We're not recommending it. So you would think that pediatricians who are supposed to be looking out for the health of children would be celebrating, and perhaps many are. But CNN of course, brings on pediatricians who act like this is a human rights violation.


Take a look. Cut to, I think it's a bad recommendation. I mean, you certainly know that by six months of age, all children will be vulnerable to a viruses continuing to circulate. There have been retrospective studies looking at, at children, meaning people less than 18 years of age who've gotten a yearly vaccine to show that there is benefit. So it doesn't make sense. I think it puts children unnecessarily in harm's way. And there are, there have been about a thousand deaths from COVID during this pandemic in children. About one third of those deaths were in children who were perfectly healthy before that. So I think it's a bad idea. Also, I don't like it that, that they didn't consult advisory committees. They didn't consult the public. They just went behind closed doors. Awful. And made this decision unilaterally disgusting from a man RFK Junior who said that he believes in transparency.


And he said that he won't take vaccines away from anybody who wants them. And he's done neither of those things. What a disgusting little propagandas. That guy should not be in medicine. And if he's seeing kids, he should have his medical license revoked. This disgraceful, what you just heard. So there's a bunch of things going on, including, remember the government's data, its rigged data on COVI often included deaths with COVID, OV. In other words, people would die from other things And it would happen to have a COVID virus in their system, and then it would be classified as a COVID death by the United States government. That's as deceptive as it gets healthy. Children who were dying from COVID infections, Come on, be more specific.


Give, take us inside the, the data on that. So a little propaganda. This guy goes on television and says that Marty McCarey and Jay Bachar and RFK Jr are doing something crazy. They're not. They're doing something that's aligned with American health and seeing to the wellbeing of kids and not injecting them with unnecessary drugs. That's the most obvious thing in the world. If, if your doctor, if your pediatrician was talking to you about your kid, they say, well, We got this injection, but it's completely unnecessary. In fact, there's only downside to injecting the kid. You'd be like, what? Are you nuts? I'm not injecting that. No, we're not injecting that into the kid. Okay, okay. That pediatrician says, no, let's keep injecting the kids with the nonsense, which only has downsides for the kids.


What a disgrace. What a complete disgrace. Voters have been assessing the differences between Republicans and Democrats. And it's led to some really funny moments because if you've seen these surveys of voters, what they've determined is that they think Republicans are locked in. They think Republicans are like predators, like sharks, tigers, like just aggressive animals. Now, they may be giving Republicans broadly a little too much credit for being, You know, killers. I, I expect I want some more killers among the Republicans, but You know, I'm not all of the voters who responded to the survey. Meanwhile, they think Democrats are weak and feckless and ineffective.


So this week, once again on CNN, this time, one of the hosts asked Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz about these comparisons, and she lost her damn mind. Take a look. A Longtime democratic researcher who asked some 250 people to describe or compare each party to an animal. And I wanna read you what this found. Republicans are seen as apex predators, like lions, tigers, and sharks, beasts that take what they want when they want it. Democrats are typically tagged as tortoises slugs or slots, slow plotting passive. And then a little bit later, there was a respond to you who said the Democrats are like a deer in headlights.


Yeah, deer in headlights. Debbie Wasserman Schultz would go on in that clip to be angry about it. I don't care what reporters say about us. And John Berman had the reminder. No, no, I'm not talking about reporters, I'm talking about voters. Voters said this about you, Debbie Wasserman Schultz either playing dumb or is dumb, had no idea what he was even talking about. I do think the animals are wrong though. I I do, I I I'm not sure what I would call Republicans. I I do. I think Trump deserves the apex predator. Yeah, Trump, definitely JD Vance, those guys, they deserve the apex predator label. Not, not every Republican. You know how Democrats, I don dunno, if I would go with sloth or like a panda or something that pandas, You know, pandas only exist because humans keep them alive like the pandas.


That why are we still borrowing pandas from China for the National Zoo? What is that? That's a chi comm psyop. How about no more pandas at the national zoo in dc That's the craziest thing that we do, actually. We do a lot of crazy things, but that's up there. That's one of the crazy things. These pandas would be extinct. Were it not for us, were it not for us keeping them alive? Maybe that is a good analogy for Democrats. That party would be extinct, were it not for the federal government constantly keeping it alive. Maybe we should pull the life support No more get rid of U-S-A-I-D, get rid of these NGO networks. Get rid of all of this American taxpayer money, which goes to nothing more than causing chaos and rigging elections in order to keep Democrats in power.


Yeah, maybe that is the, the analogy, Democrats are like a chi comm panda. If we starve them of resources, if we cease the human life support, they will cease to exist. Maybe that's the answer. Maybe it could be. Anyway, what do you think, Chad? What's a good, what's a good animal for these Democrats? I do think the panda might be the right one. I think. Yeah, pull the plug. He says if Mr. Bird, yeah, I think we should, I think we should definitely pull the, the plug. Hey, before we go today, I do have one last clip I wanna show you. This is from our friend Susan Crabtree over at Real Clear Politics. Earlier this week We got some audio of some Secret Service agents.


These are two females, uniform Secret Service agents who defend President Obama. They, they safeguard his house in Washington DC Yeah. Why is Obama still living in dc? What's the point of that? And while they were there, these two female agents apparently hate each other. And one was coming in for the, for the shift change, and a call was placed into headquarters saying, Hey, you better send a supervisor over here before I kick this girl's ass. Well, that sounds interesting. Well, Susan Crabtree published the audio of the call and now she's published video footage of the fight. Take a look at this video footage, look at them. These two, these two women are shoving each other out in front of the police cruiser, and a supervisor has to intervene to break them up.


So you got a full blown fist fight going on. I, I think we might still have some problems in the Secret Service that need to be resolved. Wonder, I do wonder, why did we send all the chicks to Defend Obama? Why there so many girls at Obama's house? I'd like to know the answer to that. Also, here's the phone call between the Secret Service agent and higher headquarters. Take a listen to this. Can I get a supervisor down here before I whoop this girl's ass? So there you go. We've got, we've got some cat fights going on in the United States Secret Service.


So are there still problems? Yes, there are. And the Trump administration needs to work to fix them. And one of the ways that we fix them, we identify them, our thanks to Susan Crabtree for getting that footage and that audio, You know, so it can go a long way towards fixing that agency. Hey, thanks again for checking in with us today. By the way,


by the way, Avita Duffy's show this morning with Ken Paxton was phenomenal. You should check it out. It's rumble.com/avita. She's putting up an amazing, an amazing show every morning. So, You know, while I, I love that you're here with me, you can start your day with Avita. She's the best. rumble.com/avita.


If you're listening to the podcast right now, you can get me live rumble.com/ VINCE. Thanks for tuning in today. I'm back with you tomorrow. I.