2 (3s):
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks.

0 (12s):
We we're averaging right now what it is. What did, is it? An assassination plot every 21.62 days. Now this is insane. There is a Trump rally up in Nassau County, New York. I lived there for a long time in au, lived in Suffolk as well, the adjoining county. Trump is a rally up there. Yes. Up in New York, which should tell you something. Winky, Winky nod. Nod. The Trump team knows something a lot of people don't. However, putting the politics aside, just moments ago before we got on the air, according to sources of mine, and now breaking into media, they found explosives in a car at the site. And the most incredible thing happened.

0 (52s):
Secret Service Promotions came out yesterday and Dan bonito the judge. He, I, I nailed it again. And every single person in the management chain in their protective operations office got a promotion. Yet we're averaging an assassination plot every 20.7426 days right now. How many times do I have to tell you this is, and this isn't even the last one. Nothing has changed. I'm gonna prove it to you yet again. I've got that just more stunning news outta the Middle East. And that's actually related to the Secret Service threat too.

0 (1m 32s):
The Secret Service can't even stop a guy in the woods. You think they're gonna be able to stop a bunch of pager bombs? Are you kidding?

Beam (1m 41s):
Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. Go get it now. Stop delaying, get a good night's sleep. Change my life. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash Bonino. Use code Bonino.

0 (1m 52s):
Big show for you today. Get that other one up there for me. Now, also have the FBI. How did they miss the alleged assassin in this case yet again? Or did they? Hmm. Hey, do you know the reports of nearly a trillion dollars of infrastructure and pandemic funds yet to be spent? That's right. There is a massive amount of money the lame duck administration's pushing hard to spend in the last few months. Well, what's gonna happen then? If they push those funds out, it's gonna be another inflation surge. Just like during Covid. I'm sure you remember the terrible effects high prices are had on most Americans and are having now.

Birch Gold Group (2m 24s):
But here's hope. A surge in prices can be beaten. A gold IRA from Birch Gold Group can be the ultimate inflation hedge for your savings and uncertain times to see how I'll protect your IRA of 401k, get your free info kit on gold by texting the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 birch gold makes it seamless to roll over your retirement account while preserving your tax advantage status. Don't wait to see if the president's spending spree tanks a dollar further. Protect your financial future. Now, text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Gold Message and Data Rate Supply.

0 (2m 58s):
All right, fellas, let's go look at this story from the Daily Mail, ladies and gentlemen. Breaking Now. I can't, I don't know what else to say. I don't know what else to say. They found explosives at another Donald Trump site. Daily Mail. Cops flying explosives in the car near Trump rally on Long Island after second assassination attempt. Thankfully, Hatti, the Nassau County Police Department and the site agent who got this thing in advance actually got, you know, way, but people were still likely in danger. What else has to happen? How many times is there gonna be a life threatening situation for Donald Trump before there are changes made in the management of the Secret Service folks?

0 (3m 46s):
People just got promotions yesterday. There is a division of the Secret Service. You have Protective Intelligence Investigations. You have basically their internal affairs. Then you have protective Operations. Protective Operations is the branch of the Secret Service that runs, guess what? Protective operations. Shocker. Do you, what a coincidence. Do you realize yesterday the promotion list came out and all of the people on that, in that protective operations branch got promoted. The deputy assistant director to assistant director, one of the assistant directors, now the deputy director, if you're scratching your head saying What the needs to happen here, I keep telling you, nothing is going to happen.

0 (4m 31s):
Not with the Biden team, because they never fire anyone. They don't want you to know how incompetent the government is, how the Secret Service Management has failed. So they just let this happen. More breaking news from Susan Crabtree, who's one of the few reporters who's been all over this Secret Service story. This is, this is just, I, I'm, I'm trying to really tamp down the, this is astonishing. Did we not on this show tell you after Butler County, Pennsylvania, that if you don't have aerial dominance from a surveillance point of view and from an aerial dominance point of view, in that you can keep an aerial threat like a drone, a, a say, a small plane that wants to crash in your site.

0 (5m 25s):
How many times did we tell you after Butler County, if you don't have aerial dominance, you don't own the site? Did you, all folks in the chat, did you hear my show over and over? You don't own the air and you don't own what's underground. If there is something underground, like in New York where we have subways and stuff, then you don't own your site. This is crazy. This is like nuts. And we have to mention movies and stuff because the Secret Service is lack of imagination. You ever see that movie? You guys ever see that movie? Salt with Angelina Jolie? She's the Russian assassin. How did she get the Russian president? Do you remember the movie? She goes underground, the subway detonates, and he falls through the ground. It's insane that we've gotta start citing movies to say to the Secret Service.

0 (6m 7s):
You know, that kind of stuff can happen, right? You don't get paid to think will it happen. You get paid to think, can it happen? Because if it can happen, you have to think of a way to freaking stop it. Drone surveillance using thermals and IR will pick out a guy on a roof and a guy in a wood line. How the do you not know this? Susan c Crabtree tweet From what Ron Rose said yesterday, the Secret Service did not have a drone flying to surveil the golf course before discovering a man was lying in the bushes for 12 hours with a rifle pointed at Donald Trump, a source in the Secret Service community said, someone asked why the drones weren't used on Sunday.

0 (6m 56s):
And Secret Service Leadership said they weren't needed and they did a good job. Oh, we gotta take a break. I mean, leave the stream. But I, I, I, I genuinely don't know what to tell you right now. I don't. I don't because I, I, I, I can't, I can't fix this. The Biden team's not interested obviously in anything I have to say because of my politics, which I understand. The Secret Service is obviously not interested in anything I have to say, despite having seen every angle of this, having seen the political side, the security side, the PPD side, the training side, I'm telling you with certainty, this is not even the last incident today, the one that happened today, there are going to be more because the people running the secret cer, dammit, how many times do I fucking have to say this?

0 (8m 3s):
I've told you, I've been through this before. When they threw the grenade on stage at President George W. Bush for two weeks, there was a 'cause they overran the magnetometers for two weeks. They were like, we gotta get more magnetometers. And then, you know what happened? Two weeks later, they went right back to normal. You know what's gonna happen after assassination won? What happened after assassination attempt two? They went right back to normal. You know what's gonna happen after the bombs are found today? Nothing in two weeks gonna go right back to normal. I dunno what to tell you guys. If you're sitting there going, Dan, someone's gonna get killed. Yep. Here, I wanna read to you something. This is important.

0 (8m 43s):
Someone's

3 (8m 44s):
Killed

0 (8m 44s):
Him. What's that? Someone's

3 (8m 45s):
Killed him.

0 (8m 47s):
Someone's talking to him. Someone

3 (8m 48s):
Was killed.

0 (8m 49s):
Oh, well yeah. Corey Ka Compare to Voice Scout. I want you, I wanna read this to you. This is from, this is very important. This is from an agent friend of mine, because I want you to know that it is the management doing this. The guys on the ground do not wanna be there with a freaking bomb next to him or a sniper in the wood line. I know where you we're sick of this, especially with the FBI and I get it. Oh, the rank and file. I understand. I'm telling you in this case, it's true. You think an agent with a wife and kids who wants to go see his kid's birthday party or the soccer game wants to be sitting there with a guy with an SKS in the wood line. This is from a friend in the Secret Service or very familiar.

0 (9m 32s):
Let's just say, let your audience know that the good, brave, dedicated agents who gave their heart souls and health to the Secret Service are disgusted with the state of the management. There are disgrace to the, he mentioned some really good agents, good men who live with the embarrassment of the current incompetence every day. Pardon the language here, but this is his words. And I'd be remiss if I didn't read 'em directly. Fuck these clowns. Let 'em quit. Let 'em twist. Keep sticking it to 'em. Dan. Thanks bro. Obviously not gonna say who it is.

0 (10m 12s):
So folks, I'm sorry, but don't tell me this is everyone. It is not. These guys are tired of a management team who won't give them the assets. A guy sent me an email during my radio show yesterday, or a message on the Rumble account and he said, Dan, I, the way I find my dog in the woods, he lives in a wooded area, is I send a drone up with a thermal and I find out where the dog is in 30 seconds to the secret service management. I know you watch my show. What is it gonna take for you to engage in a cranial rec dichotomy and pull your head out of your ass and realize that you are going to get the guy killed, the guy being Donald Trump, and you're issuing promotions yesterday.

0 (11m 3s):
I need some coffee. I'm sorry. I don't know what to tell you. And yet, the secret service management guys like Ron Row and others, will make these little snide attacks directed at me just because someone wore the badge. Maybe I know what I'm talking about and you're freaking incompetent. Does that ever occur to you? Maybe if you would've listened to me about the drones, 'cause I my head up my ass, then you wouldn't have had a guy hiding in the wood line for 12 hours. Maybe if you would've pushed out your perimeter, you wouldn't have found some explosives again today, Here's another one.

0 (11m 43s):
New York Post Secret Service that it can't keep Trump safe on golf courses, even as Biden lounges on the beaches. This my friends, is an embarrassing disgrace to humanity. Humanity. The Secret service. If they would apply minimal security, a freaking drone in the air with imaging equipment, none of this would've happened. Why don't they do it? Producer Jim? Because they don't want to, because they don't want to, and they'll get a promotion out of this. Yet again, I'm folks, this is an absolutely stunning breach of the trust the American people have placed in this entity.

0 (12m 29s):
They are gonna alter the course of American politics because they cannot do their job. I have had multiple us. I'm listen, secret Service. I know you're watching the show. So listen and listen. Good. Turn the volume up right now. I know you're watching. Believe me, I know I have had multiple members of the House of Representatives, can't even count 'em on two hands and multiple United States Senators ask me what to do. There are two things that have to be done right now, and there's nothing By the way. Let me just tell you, secret Service. We're running the ship now. You guys are done. You may think you're in charge. You're not in charge, okay? You are not in charge. You better pray your political cronies win this election.

0 (13m 12s):
'cause it's the agency, as you know it is, is done, is finished. You understand you're not in charge now. Investigations are done. They're done. You can't do it. You can't handle it. You've almost gotten a protectee killed. Period. Your agents should not be conducting investigations anymore. Protections your core job, protective intelligence. You don't have to shut down your field offices. They can still do PI investigations, support permissions, critical infrastructure stuff. There is no reason to be doing investigations. That's done. You're not in charge anymore. I know you think you are. Trust me, you are not. You have totally lost the initiative. Second, whatever bullshit you're doing with DEI with your quotas, which there are a thousand whistleblowers to talk about and a legion of of of paper trail emails, paper files.

0 (14m 2s):
That's done too. You are gonna hire in the future quality people who can actually do the protection job. You got. You guys can't do it. You can't do it. And how the hell By the way we have this massive surveillance apparatus in this country. They're watching all these people through metadata collection. They have back doors to spy on the American people. How the hell do we keep missing all of the bad guys and only roping in all of the good guys? How is that Wall Street Journal US authorities were warned about suspected Trump's Trump gunman.

0 (14m 45s):
Ruth's behavior had been flagged to the FBI in the past. A tipster told the FBI. Ruth had a firearm despite being a felon. But when questioned further wouldn't verify providing the information, the bureau passed the information to authorities in Honolulu and closed the investigation. Why did they close the investigation? Folks? How is it that we give the FBI all this power? They don't have any answers on the Butler guy. They're targeting pro-lifers, parents at school board meetings, moms for Liberty, they're targeting conservatives. The MAGA crowd, the tea party. Yet the FBI never seems to get the guys hiding in the freaking woods with a high powered rifle with a scope on it, trying to kill Donald Trump every time.

0 (15m 32s):
Man, every he said it every single time. The FBI knew about the subject and did Jack Squad and Jack left Town folks, was this guy Ruth and a deep state asset. If you are not asking that question, you are doing it wrong. This guy fits every single pattern of a plot line we know is true. The Iranians and other foreign actors looking to recruit people who engage in assassination plots in the United States. This guy, Ruth, according to multiple, multiple media reports, was engaged in a similar type of recruitment behavior.

0 (16m 22s):
This is just astonishing. You see this just a news article too. Apparently Homeland Security was notified about this guy too, and another one, here's the cracks, slipped through it. Amazing how this happens. Suspected Trump assassin flagged by the United States during return from Ukraine, but Homeland Security refused, refused to probe folks. Was this guy on one of these lists, kind of like a do not touch list, or is the FBI and Homeland Security just completely, totally incompetent? The answer sadly is, I don't even know. Maybe both. It is just stunning incompetence.

0 (17m 5s):
You understand? This is only acceptable with this shit government. The government is shit. Nothing. It does, it does correctly. The only thing it does in its mind air quotes correctly, is target you for being a MAGA person. I am. I I, I can. I can't believe this. No drone. Everybody gets promoted again. We didn't need the drone. We all succeeded. Ron Rowe does a victory lap. Everybody else is getting promoted, raises, pat's on the back, cutesy time, retirement jobs. This is bullshit.

0 (17m 45s):
I'm saying to the Biden administration. Biden Harris, I mean this record, this one. He's like, we were, no, I mean you, I'm willing to put aside, I will sign an NDA. Whatever you need. Whatever you need. I am willing to put aside absolutely every single partisan objection I have to your behavior. I care about this country. I care about your life. I care about Kamala Harris's life. I have actually the bonafide he is to back it up. I did it. You didn't do shit. I care about Donald Trump's life. Barack Obama's life. This is not a third world republic.

0 (18m 26s):
We don't kill political leaders here, and I stand resolutely now and forever against any political violence whatsoever. It's a red line you cross. You will never go back and you'll regret the day you did it. You want a Civil War breaking out your kids parochial school around the corner. Good luck. I don't, I am offering to come in. I will speak to your people, people. I can tell you exactly what's wrong. I will sign whatever documents you want. I will disclose nothing about the meeting. If you are even remotely interested in fixing this, I can give you a 10, 20, 50 point plan tomorrow to fix the Secret Service and make some immediate changes.

0 (19m 8s):
So one of you doesn't get killed. I'm as serious as a heart attack. I'm not kidding. 'cause someone is gonna get killed because the people you have in charge right now, I'm telling you, I know them well have no idea what they're doing. They weren't even that great of an agent when they were at the, these are, they don't know what they're doing. Of course, the media coverage of this has been absolutely atrocious. This is unbelievable. I'm playing a clip next, I gotta take a quick break. A clip by Pi Morgan, who By the way is no big friend to the MAGA movement at all.

0 (19m 50s):
But he seems to be like the one guy in the not conservative ecosystem. 'cause I think it's important we cover the whole spectrum. Who seems to get what's going on here that the media is providing coverage for the Secret Service and the FBI by constantly glossing over their failures. Sorry, I'm a little frustrated today. I hope you guys are cool with it. Chad, you guys all right. I, I'm, you know the show's for you and I'm really trying not to be the angry guy. But this is just, I mean, imagine you're the best plumber in town, right? And some guy takes over your business and every, there's a flood in everyone's house.

0 (20m 32s):
You'd be like, what did you do? That was a business I was proud of the Secret Service. We left a proud legacy ruined by a bunch of idiots. Now you can see why I am personally pissed off about it. Cheers for a second.

Blackout Coffee (20m 49s):
Blackout coffee folks. Listen, my Bonino report mug. What a combo. Hey, you like the cold brews? Try this. Skip the brew Blackout coffee. Either cold brew some of the best in the business. But here's the deal. The skip the brew cold brew is absolutely fantastic, but the beans are amazing too. I got this new coffee machine in my house. I started mixing up flavors. John from blackout, I'm not sure if we're supposed to do this, but I started mixing the dark chocolate beans. I started mixing them with the cinnamon french toast beans, and you get cinnamon French toast, dark chocolate. You know why I love both flavors of blackout coffee so much? There's like a fight breaking out in my house over which one we should use every day. The blueberry crumbles amazing. The espresso's amazing. The beans are fresh. They're not these low grade crap beans from these woke companies that hate you and give you brown water. Blackout coffee is a bold coffee taste, never bitter. It is the official coffee of the Bonino Army. The Dan Bongino Show. I personally recommend it. I love the company. The owner loves the country and he loves coffee. Skip the long lines. Pick it up online. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 2048 hours of roasting. That way, it's incredibly fresh. Do me a favor. Go to blackout coffee.com slash Bonino. See what I'm talking about? Quit drinking that woke corporate crap coffee. Get some bold coffee, not some crap brown water. That's blackout coffee.com slash Bonino. Highly recommended. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order and pick up some of the cold brew as well. It's absolutely delicious. Keep it nice and chilly in the fridge. Get 20% off your first order. Blackout coffee.com slash Bonino. Make the switch.

0 (22m 30s):
Alright, back to the show folks. The media coverage about this, these security failures. The FBI's failure to detect this second alleged assassin. The Homeland security entity's failure to detect the second assassin. We now have another situation brewing today at the Trump rally in Nassau County. We have the Butler County, Pennsylvania. No answers. It's really stunning how the media, because the shots were taken at Donald Trump. Donald Trump, and potentially shots taken again, a guy hiding in the wood line. Do you understand? If this guy was sitting in a $25 Gilly suit with from Amazon and didn't poke that rifle barrel out, you understand there's probably a 50% chance Donald Trump would be dead again.

0 (23m 14s):
He would the chances he would be dead again like he was almost dead the first time. Dead again. Isn't that a movie dead Again, I try to give you various perspectives 'cause I never wanna be like a liberal liberals listen to the crap garbage in their own bubble, okay? And that's why they don't understand us. P Morgan's not one of us. He is definitely not a MAGA guy, but this makes sense. He's on his show and there's some wacko lady on there trying to defend the response of the Secret Service to the second potential sniper attack. And Pierce is like, are you crazy?

0 (23m 54s):
In what world is this a success? It's important. People speak out or you're never gonna get any political pressure for change. Check this out.

4 (24m 1s):
It looks like the Secret Service got it together in ways that they very profoundly did not do the first time that he was

5 (24m 7s):
In. See I just don't, don don't agree with that. I think one agent got it together. One agent had the the sharp eyes and the quick wit, wit to deal with what was going on. But the truth is, if you hadn't spotted the barrel of that rifle peering out of the bush, Trump would now almost certainly be dead because the Secret Service, once again, had failed to properly protect the perimeter, which is the problem. Which was the same problem with the rally When that that kid got onto the roof,

4 (24m 37s):
Well, I would call this actual protection of the perimeter. That Secret Service agent did see it. It was in a suite before the president came out. Yeah, but

5 (24m 44s):
The guy, but Louis, the guy had been there, it turns out for 12 hours they found from his cell phone. He'd literally been waiting at the number one vantage point where the media go at that golf course to photograph Trump when he plays golf. 'cause it gives them, ironically, the cleanest shot. In fact, the only clean shot you can get at that course, apparently, that's where this guy waited for 12 hours without anyone from Secret Service doing anything to find him.

0 (25m 16s):
Folks, that woman has no idea what she's talking about. She's throwing around law enforcement security jargon with no idea what it means. This is what happens when dumbass journalists find themselves as talking heads on shows and say stupid shit with no idea what they're talking about. I hear it all the time with economics now. It's about security. It was not a sweep. Let me tell you how a sweep works. The guy or don don't know if a guy or a woman, the agent who saw the gun barrel in the woods, was not engaged in a sweep.

0 (25m 55s):
The sweep happens before the Protectee arrives. How do you know that? Dad? I worked for the New York Times, Washington because I'm not a dumb ass like you and I actually did this. Here someone is, he gave me this Don Mattingly baseball. Actually, you know what? Use a Trump one. That'd be even better. Let me show you how this works, folks, especially for this dope. Here's a never surrender Donald Trump card someone gave me. Imagine this card is a site. The president's coming from Mar-a-Lago to go to said site. You sweep the site before he comes. You don't sweep the site while he's there.

0 (26m 37s):
Why? Because if you detect a bomb while he's there, does that work? The visual? Does that make sense? Yes. For the media people. Does that make sense? The media people. The media people are still confused. If you detect a bomb while he's there, then the president gets killed with the bomb because he's there. Why didn't they sweep the golf course before he got there, Jim? Because they didn't want to. That's

6 (27m 18s):
Wanna lose my Donald Trump card. Cool card, right?

0 (27m 23s):
You like that?

6 (27m 24s):
Someone gave that to me at a book signing.

0 (27m 28s):
You don't sweep the site while he's there. You sweep it, you post it and you hold it. Let me ask you all a question. If you were to sweep a golf course for explosives and then walk away, why wouldn't you walk away and keep a bunch of Secret Service agents there? Secret? Well, Dan, 'cause a bunch of people could walk in and plant stuff after the Yes. Thank you. Do we have to make Pi Morgan, the director of the Secret Service Now, is this guy the, he's not even a MAGA guy.

0 (28m 11s):
Is this guy that you not get this? Of course, Hillary Clinton had to chime in on all of this adding fuel to the fire of media people that really at this point, I, the, the media at this point, they haven't, I, what was it, Katie Pavlich or Dana Pri don don't remember who I was watching someone and they had said something to the effect of, after Donald Trump was shot in the head, there was like a five minute period where the media was like, maybe we shouldn't say so many awful evil demonic things about Donald Trump. Maybe five minutes. That was it. There isn't even a five minute period now. Now they're at double barrel. Middle finger F Donald Trump.

0 (28m 53s):
Donald Trump deserved it. Donald. Matter of fact, the triple barrel, we gotta give him the the triple, triple barrel middle finger. Donald Trump deserved it, and Donald Trump brought the assassination attempt on himself, and if he doesn't, shut up, don don't know. Someone may kill him again, and it's definitely his fault. You've now got Hillary Clinton, the most disgusting human being in Democrat politics. A person I've worked with and had direct experience with, who was the most demonic, evil protectee I ever had. The misfortune of being around a woman with not an ounce of morality who would throw you under a car in a second if you delayed her five minutes from getting from a sec.

0 (29m 36s):
The Meanest Protect a woman who in the Secret Service getting assigned to Hillary Clinton's detail, if you didn't live in New York, was considered a punishment assignment. Just so you know, that's a fact. That's how much agents and everyone hated being around. Hillary Clinton has now decided to chime into. I'm gonna take a quick break and I'm gonna get to Hillary Clinton. It's our last break. I'm gonna show you what's going on in Springfield too, so you know, folks, there's something really sinister going on behind the scenes here.

MyPillow (30m 7s):
Hey, you asked in MyPillow, listen, they're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now only 1998. MyPillow is made with patented, adjustable. Fill it. Adjust to your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. I use it. Love my pillow. Sleep at one every night keeps your neck aligned. You don't wanna wake up with neck pain. Folks holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. A cradle for your head, but that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towels, only $25. The brand new mattress topper is always 69 point 98. Their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. Go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get big discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow, only 1998. Don't sleep on anything else. It's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today. Thank you MyPillow. We appreciate it.

Genucel (30m 59s):
And our last sponsor, genus Sell. Folks, it's the final days for the incredible end of summer sale. From our friends at Genus Sell skincare. Get the top selling genus. Sell dark spot corrector right now. Help those dark marks and sunspots disappear right before your eyes. Here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz, California. She says, I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love this product. It reduces the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger. Great, even at my age. That's right, sunspot, brown spots, discoloration. Even red inflamed patches could all disappear in front of your very eyes. The Genucel guarantee is amazing. You'll see results, the results the very first day guaranteed or your money back. So take advantage of the Genucel Skincare current most popular package, which includes also the classic Genucel bags in puffiness treatment and immediate effects. All about 70% off so you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. It's simple. Go to genus sell.com/dan. Start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. GENU c.com/dan is a special gift. Every package order includes a limited edition beauty box with two skincare essentials absolutely free. With your order right now, genus sell.com/dan GNU c.com/dan. Thanks Jen Uel.

0 (32m 15s):
Folks. Hillary Clinton is a genuinely awful person. When she was running for the US Senate up in New York, I had the misfortune of being around this woman in her team. They are just really genuinely awful, terrible people. Horrible. Everybody hated working with her. It was a punishment assignment. She is mean, she's malicious. Her own staff lies and pretends they like her when behind the scenes. We would go out after a trip sometime. They would tell you how mean and awful she was. She's a terrible person. You wanna know about a threat to democracy? Look up the last name Clinton. There's no bigger threat to democracy than these two buffoons.

0 (32m 55s):
Okay? Here's Hillary Clinton. This is after the second assassination attempt, but before the third of Donald Trump. The one we've seen today, of course, right here is Hillary Clinton. After the second assassination attempt, basically put pinning it on Donald Trump and then doubling down and claiming that, you know what, if she disagrees with your politics and you speak out online, that criminal charges should be considered. This actually happened. We are now living in the communist state. If the Democrats take over, that's not tomorrow, that's today. Check this out.

7 (33m 28s):
Just as Mueller indicted a lot of Russians who were engaged in direct election interference and boosting Trump back in 2016. But I also think there are Americans who are engaged in this kind of propaganda, and whether they should be civilly or even in some cases criminally charged, is something that would be a better deterrence. Be.

0 (33m 56s):
You understand what she just said? You have a United States senator, former First Lady, and a woman who was within a hair's length of the presidency was the Democrat nominee who is now claiming if you disagree with her politics, that not only civil charges should be considered, which is humiliating enough for her to say and tyrannical enough that criminal charges should be considered. This is an actual quote. Listen to me, people out there considering voting Democrat, listen, listen, please, please, please take the cotton outta ears for a second and please listen to what I'm telling you. I understand your frustration with the Republican party. I have it too.

0 (34m 36s):
Republicans are probably not the solution. All your problems, I get it. I get it. I understand that. However, I'm here to tell you that the cause of your problems, the cause of your problems, are unquestionably the Democrats. So you have two choices in an imperfect world, okay? You can vote in a party that is has, its a lot of flaws. Granted, I'm with you. I understand. I'm not here to defend what they've done. A lot of the government spending, a lot of the crappy expansions of government, a lot of the failure to secure the homeland, a lot of this is Republicans as well. They are not the solution. They could be, but they may not be right now.

0 (35m 16s):
However, the immediate cause of your troubles, censorship, boycotts, forced vaccination, the explosion in COVID and the failure to anybody to respond with the right way outside of ridiculous mandates and all this other crap, the, the national security issues we have overseas, the failure of the secret service and nobody gets fired. These are Democrats, the inflation crisis, the open border, the Springfield, Ohio immigration situation. All of this is them. We didn't do this. We may not have solved it. I'm with you, but we didn't do it. And in an imperfect world, sometimes you only have a binary choice. And in that binary choice, stop the bleeding first.

0 (36m 1s):
If you are out in the woods and you trip on a rock and open up your femoral, what is your immediate need? Stop the bleeding. Are you worried about the plastic surgery solving the problem? You need to have your broken nose. No, that's a, that's not even a secondary concern. You wanna survive. We cannot survive with these people. You have a Democrat nominee talking about throwing you in jail. If you disagree with her politics, she's saying this on a cable news channel and the news channel that should have immediately responded and said, we're members of the media with First Amendment protections just like citizens. Mrs. Clinton, that's a disgrace, senator, whatever you wanna call her, secretary of State, Madame Secretary, what you're saying on our network sounds tyrannical.

0 (36m 51s):
No, they love it folks, because we don't have a functioning media questions are not being asked. Like, how the hell do we have two people, one alleged, one dead, trying to kill Donald Trump, trying to kill him with high powered rifles who managed to defeat the world. Supposedly greatest security service, the Secret service, and yet the world's elite investigative agency, of course, air quotes included the FBI. No one seems to know anything on the FBI's radar. This guy Ruth, ah, nothing happened on DH S'S radar. Nothing happened.

0 (37m 31s):
Kinda weird, right? It's almost like if there were a foreign plot to assassinate Donald Trump that they can count on deep state players in the United States to make everything go away. It's almost like they needed a distraction from these stories. And the Springfield, Ohio situation was the perfect one. You have a town deluge by illegal immigrants, of course, the disgusting, filthy left, that is craving racial division in this country and racial hatred, how to make a racial incident. Folks, nobody cares where these illegal immigrants are from.

0 (38m 12s):
They care that they're here in the country illegally or have been t psed into the country under a shady Biden program and dumped in communities without the infrastructure to, to support it. Notice it's not their communities. Martha's Vineyard shipped these people right out. It's Springfield, Ohio, a town being inundated with people who do not belong there because they don't have the facilities to support a, a deluge of 20,000 new people. So it's awfully convenient that they needed a distraction and all of a sudden bomb threats to Springfield. Those evil Nazi Republicans are doing it.

0 (38m 55s):
Really? It was Governor Mike DeWine. Believe me, we're a Republican but no friend to us. Here's Governor Mike DeWine about those bomb threats. I want you to notice the part at the end where he says, where these bomb threats came from. Hmm. Check this out. These

8 (39m 12s):
Threats have all been hoaxes. None of them have panned out. We have people unfortunately overseas who are taking these actions. Some of them are coming from one particular country. We think that this is, you know, one more opportunity to mess with the United States, and they're, they're continuing to do that. So we cannot let the bad guys win. Our schools must remain open.

0 (39m 48s):
These originated from a foreign country. Folks, perfect timing, right? Listen, there's something really sinister going on here. The Democrats are engaged in a vicious narrative war right now. None of this is about the truth. None of this is about bettering your life. This is about one thing and one thing only. Keeping the American people who are not intimately involved in politics like you thoroughly distracted with racial nonsense and threat to democracy nonsense so that you don't notice the inflation crisis and the endless attacks on Donald Trump in the attempts to kill him.

0 (40m 31s):
I want you to watch this clip from Kareem John Pierre yesterday, A hapless, hapless human being who I'm telling you right now with her rhetoric by their own lefty rules is inciting violence against President Trump. And she knows it. She knows it. She knows the language they're using about threat to democracy, a threat to democracy, fascist, all of this tyrannical nonsense against Donald Trump. She understands this is creating an enhanced threat environment, likely leading to multiple attempts on this guy's life. I want you to watch what Peter Ducey here, how she tries to pull this flipper roof here and blame the entire thing on, on Ducey for asking the question.

0 (41m 18s):
Never ever fall for this. Ignore the answer and ask the same question again. Watch this

9 (41m 24s):
Two days since somebody allegedly tried to kill Donald Trump again, and you're here at the podium in the White House briefing room, calling him a threat.

10 (41m 34s):
President Biden has been clear-eyed about the threat that the former president represents to our democracy.

9 (41m 42s):
How many more assassination attempts on Donald Trump until the president and the vice president, and you pick a different word to describe Trump other than threat,

10 (41m 54s):
Peter, if anything from this administration, I actually completely disagree with the premise of your question. The question that you're asking it is also incredibly dangerous in the way that you're asking it because American people are watching. And to say that, to say that from a administration who has consistently condemned political violence from an administration where the president called the former president and was thankful, grateful that he was okay from an administration who has called out January 6th, called out the attack of Paul Pelosi, called out and said, we need to lower the temperature after the Butler incident.

10 (42m 42s):
And now for you to make that kind of comment in your question, because it, your question involved the comment and the statement, and you know it is, that is also incredibly dangerous.

0 (43m 4s):
Folks. I can't believe this woman still has a job. It's dangerous to question unquestionably awful rhetoric about a presidential candidate who now has had multiple attempts on his life. It's dangerous to you. See what they do here with this flipper route. by the way, this update is even more suspicious than the initial story. I'm following this as it breaks. Apparently there's a news release by Nassau County Police. I gotta read this 'cause this is, this is incredible. If this is true, I'm not sure what's worse if it was an actual bomb or this story. It says, reports of explosives being found at the Trump site basically are unfounded, okay?

0 (43m 49s):
There's a person who's being questioned, who may have been training a bomb detection dog near the site. The individual with the bomb dog falsely reported explosives being found and the individual is currently being detained. The, I'm not, I'm real, a training exercise. It's fascinating how these, these training exercises keep happening. A, a guy's training a bomb dog near the site of the president days after another assassination attempt.

0 (44m 37s):
Folks, I'm honestly not sure what story is worse. I'll keep tracking this. This is

6 (44m 48s):
My gosh,

0 (44m 50s):
Who thought that was a good idea? I I, I'm, I'm gonna, you know what? I'm gonna have to apply the bongino rule this, I'm sorry. I've gotta get you to breaking news as it happens. I will apply the Bino rule before I determine which of these stories is accurate, and I'm gonna tell you why. And this is the most unintentionally perfect segue you are ever gonna see on the Dan Bongino Show, because when was the last time on the Dan Bongino Show, we heard about a theory about a potential training exercise. Think you guys know? Yes, sir. The January 6th pipe bomb attack against Kamala Harris, where I'm telling you, they are gonna come out and say, oh yeah, those pipe bombs were just a training exercise when they weren't.

0 (45m 42s):
I can't trust anyone. I I can't, I can't trust anybody anymore. There's these, everything these people tell you folks, you almost have to default that the opposite story is true. What the hell did they find there? You're telling me someone just randomly was conducting an explosives detection exercise near a Trump site days after an assassination attempt? Who the hell? I wanna play this clip because I am assuring you that the January 6th pipe bomb attack against Kamala Harris is the biggest political scandal of our time.

0 (46m 27s):
I've told you the story multiple times what I believe happened and why the Secret Service texts and emails from that day have disappeared. Kamala Harris was not at the capitol during the certification of the votes on January 6th. Folks, she left at 11 o'clock in the morning and came back at seven o'clock at night. She was not there during the process. Okay? Kamala Harris was at the DNCA pipe bomb was found as she drove past it to get into the DNC and she was evacuated. It is a story nobody wants to talk about, which is weird because if this was the insurrection they claim is true, then why wouldn't Kamala Harris wanna talk about nearly being killed by a pipe bomb during the, so-called insurrection in a shocking, shocking act, and it had to be a mistake of journalism at the National Association of Black Journalists who asked a bunch of softball questions.

0 (47m 33s):
I don't know if they made a mistake here or what. Everything else was softball. They asked her a question about the pipe bomb. Now she's got a golden opportunity here in front of a friendly audience to play up how she was almost killed as the nation's first female black vice President-elect. She goes into intense detail. You guys got, it's like a seven minute clip. She goes into intense detail that day about what happened, the survival story, how she had to do like First Blood. John Jay Rambo cut a hole in a tarp, put it over her head, light a torch, and walk outside into a tunnel.

0 (48m 17s):
She had to escape. She goes into amazing detail, just like the first, first blood moon. She's a survivor. This is a long one, folks, this is an intense story. Hide the kids, hide your wife. Check this out.

11 (48m 33s):
On January 6th, your vehicle was allowed to kind of pass a viable pipe bomb. We've seen this. No, I was in the building. You were in the building. You were in the building, and we've seen what's happening with former President Trump. Do you have full confidence in the secret service to protect all of you? I did.

0 (48m 51s):
No, no, I said, I said the long seven minute one where she describes her heroes adventure out. He's looking there. They, they can't, they can't, they, they can't find it 'cause it's, it's not there. Why does she not wanna talk about this? Because my story is true. Those pipe bombs were put there as plan a If the Republicans on certification day in front of an entire national media audience on the house floor, as the electoral college votes were being counted, objected, and started talking about the problems in the election because they knew people for the first time would hear in front of a national audience at the same time.

0 (49m 42s):
Remember, everything was segregated. Left wing cable news was saying, you're an election denier if you bring up the 2020 election problems. Conservative cable news was talking about the election problems. The whole nation was on two different narratives. They were gonna have to take it live and Republicans were about to object with what they believed was strong evidence that the election was stolen. They had to shut it down folks. So their plan was to ship Kamala Harris over to the DNC, which she still doesn't wanna talk about. They were gonna discover some pipe bombs, claim MAGA extremists tried to kill them, and they were gonna say, all of this stuff has to stop.

0 (50m 24s):
Just certify the vote. Someone's gonna get hurt. Well, what happened? The riots happened at January 6th and they didn't need the pipe bombs anymore. So you watch, you're gonna hear the exact same story you just heard next. It was a training exercise. A lot of training exercises going on, folks. So may, it's the excuse for everything. I saw Darren Beatie tweeting about the same thing before Darren Beatie revolver. Him and Julie been doing amazing work on the January 6th story. Everything's a training exercise. When you catch someone, did you notice that it's the default excuse? We were just testing you guys. We were just testing you. It's like, I don don't mean to make this is, but it's like you get caught by your professor cheating on an exam, right?

0 (51m 10s):
Michael, you're taking a math test. you don and you look here. I was just testing security in the classroom. That's all I was. You are good. You're good. Thank you Professor Joey, bag of donuts. Thank you. I'm now secure as a student that test security is good. You've done your job. Stand down. Those

12 (51m 27s):
Professors are all libs.

0 (51m 28s):
It might work. He's right. He says the professors are all libs. That actually may work. It's not gonna work on you though. I tell my

12 (51m 35s):
Wife from poison, test her food when they wanna steal

0 (51m 37s):
It. That's, that's just mean. Kim, you better ask. You better talk to gee about this after the show. Folks, the training exercise thing is a scam. Is it a scam today? I don't know. I'm not making any judgements until I see more about this, but I'm not accepting anything by default. Hey, more breaking news today. Let me tie it back to the beginning of the show. Switch back to serious time folks. If the Secret Service can't detect a guy in the woods who has managed to secrete himself in a wood line for 12 hours from what we know, at least with no Gilly suit and very light camouflage, if any, it looked like he had a pink shirt on when arrested.

0 (52m 18s):
Now he may have changed in the car. I wanna jump to conclusions. However, from what we know of the initial report, he was not engaged in any kind of heavy camouflage at all. If the Secret Service can't detect that guy in the wood line, getting ready to shoot President Trump and has to wait till event day to discover a bunch of training explosives and whatever it may be, it don don't even know. Again, I don't even know which story's worse. Do you really believe the Secret Service is prepared to protect against a bunch of plastic explosive bombs secreted in cell phones? Listen, I'm glad to see a whole bunch of Hezbollah terrorists, murder babies and rape women die in brutal deaths.

0 (53m 4s):
You deserve everything you get and then some. But folks, make no mistake, we are in a dangerous new world. Aerial drone technology, explosives, electronic devices, remote detonation, Pegasus spying, no touch malware. We are in a dangerous world. The Secret Service hasn't adopted to threats from the eighties long guns. You think they're ready for threats Now, in case you haven't heard breaking this morning, the what appears to be the Israeli strike against 3000 to 5,000 Hezbollah operatives where they sold them a bunch of pagers with explosives and blew their nuts off eyeballs, fingers shouldn't be a terrorist.

0 (53m 50s):
You'll keep your fingers today. There were additional explosives. You may have missed this 'cause you were watching my show. Here's a Hezbollah funeral for one of these scumbags and at the funeral. Now they're radios they're using to communicate their walkies. I guess they're, they're two-way radios. Apparently they were rigged too. Sorry, more dead guys. Play that for me. Watch this. Watch. Boom. There you go. There's an easy way to prevent this.

0 (54m 31s):
You know, The easiest way to prevent this type of activity is to not murder babies, behead people with garden hose and go and rape women attacking a sovereign country. Folks, I I, it's really insane that I've gotta give this advice to people around the world. But don't start a war. You can't finish and don't start a war when you have absolutely zero technological capability to match your opponent's level of sophistication because it's what's gonna happen. All right? A lot going on today.

0 (55m 11s):
I'm gonna stay on top of that story. I am not. I don't believe anything. I'm sorry. This is why the Bonino rule exists. Do not draw any conclusions. I've got a report on this news as it comes up. 'cause I don't want you to be left out. However, I would not accept the single conclusion about any of this and definitely except none of the conclusions about this January 6th story. Kamala Harris doesn't want to talk about this for a reason. I've got a favor to ask. Please download the Rumble app. Go to your app store. It is free. We would love to have you on here. The app will send you a notification when the show goes live. It is free to watch my show on video live every single day at 11 o'clock, 11:00 AM Eastern Time. If you wanna watch it on desktop rumble.com slash Bonino.

0 (55m 54s):
And also, if you wouldn't mind on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, if you just search the Dan Bongino Show and click that follow button, you'd be doing us a huge favor. We were rocking up the charts again, helps people find the show. I deeply appreciate it. It matters to me. So Bun Gino Army, let's get out there. Really appreciate you helping us out. I'll see you on the radio show here on Rumble in a little bit where the first two hours are free. The last hour for our local subscribers, the members only bun, and then also I'll see you back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.