
Just remember to Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Folks, I hope you don't mind us starting early. Obviously a lot going on the country, which descended along time ago into tyranny, fascism, an oligarchy, a dictatorship. It's now happened in New York as this disgusting piece of garbage posing as a judge in a black robe, filthy merch on has now decided to sentence Donald Trump, and the left is hilariously celebrating. He is a convicted felon. I saw a tweet by Fusion Ken Delan, and now you can call him a convicted felon.


Well, fuck what? Now we can call you the CIA's mop-up, man. Actually, we can't. They've been calling you that for a long time, folks. This is all they wanted. I said hilariously because may say there's something hilarious. No, no. There is something hilarious about this whole thing. What's really laughable about this whole thing is I don't think there's a group of dipshits more responsible for putting Donald Trump in the White House than Matt Colangelo, Tish and Twinkies up in New York. I, I really don't, I'm not kidding. I don't think there's a Republican donor activist, even me, who used this massive audience of the Bino Army to get Trump elected who did more to get him elected than Twinkies, Colangelo and Tisch.


I, I really don't, I'm not trying to be funny about it, but it is hilarious that a group of Democrat Commies got Trump elected where he kicked everyone's ass in every swing state. So I encourage you today to embrace the convicted felon. Just like we embrace the outlaw label didn't hurt us, right? Results matter. What a hypocrite I'd be if I tell you, Hey, I believe in outcomes, outcomes, outcomes. And then I get over to the emotional about this thing. I'm passionate about what happened, but not emotional. What was the outcome we won? What was the outcome? We won by a larger margin the last time? What was the outcome? We won Every single swing state and every single branch of governments now in our control don't be fraud.


Dan, you said you're about outcomes. We won. I am. That's the hilarious part about this whole thing. Of course, we're talking about the sentencing today. Unconditional discharge. Trump gets no jail time, which would've been hilarious. You think tr I mean, you really think, what were they gonna do? What, what were they gonna do? Send a bunch of deputies to go and pull Trump out of the White House. I was a Secret Service agent, not on the president's detail. I couldn't even walk in the White House without a White House passed. I'm not kidding. You have to be on the detail or the Vice President's detail and have an actual hard White House pass. Alright, I got a ton to get to. Let me get to it.


Hey, lumen iss one of the world's first handheld metabolic devices. I use it, it's a device that help you measure your metabolism through your breath. It's like got an app. The app is great. Lets You know if you're burning fat or carbs. It provides tailored guidance to help you improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. You simply breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning. It's really easy to use. It'll analyze your metabolism, indicating whether you're burning fats or carbs. Then it'll give you a personalized nutrition plan for the day based on your measurements. You can't beat that. I'm into Life Hacks. Use this, use lumen before and after workouts and meals and see what's going on inside your body in real time with your nutrition habits. Lumen will give you tips to keep you on top of your life hack wellness game, which You know I love. So if you wanna take the next step, helping to improve your health and wellness, go to lumen.me/bino and get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. It's not.com. Lumen do me slash bonino lumen Do me slash bonino for 15% off your purchase. These statements of products have not been of value by by the, by the DA, not attend, diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Today's show also brought to you by Beam's Dream Powder. Listen, you're having trouble sleeping. I've been there. Poor sleep takes a really nasty toll on every aspect of your life. So I've been excited for a long time about using Beam's Dream Powder. It's a science back nighttime blend for sleep. It tastes great and it's clinically shown to help improve sleep and help you waking up refreshed. They sent me some to try a while ago. It's been a total game changer. Now, as I look ahead to 2025, I'm determined to keep the momentum going. Dream's part of my nightly routine. It's made all the difference. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend. Look this stuff up. Rei, magnesium, altheine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. The ultimate sleep refreshed for the new year is Beam's bestselling dream powder. Get up to 45% off for unlimited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BE m.com/bino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Get a good night's sleep. Thank you Beam.


Alright fellas, a whole lot to talk about. Folks, let me get to the first component of what I want to talk to you about today. That's critical right here regarding the fake crime. Fake sentencing in front of the fake judge in front of the fake court system in front of a fake prosecutor and everything else up in New York with Judge MEChA. Donald Trump was just sentenced. The left is now celebrating. I can call him a convicted felon. We, of course, will use that to raise money and influence to hopefully win back the midterms just like we did the outlaw label last time. Ah, because we're good at that Karate mad Because we're good at that. We're good at flipping the script on dip shit. Fuck wild liberal communes. 'cause we beat their asses. We've won the last three elections. I thought just two.


We won three. Number one, liberals are celebrating today, not because of the verdict. They, they're gonna publicly. Yes, you're gonna see the Jessica Tarloff and You know the other, You know, Karens and liberal losers. You're gonna see them like the Ken Delaney and the CIA Maba man taking a victory lap. But I, I'm telling you something. I need you to digest this and, and internalize this because it's true. Even the loser class, the Ken Delan of the world, they know this was a mistake. Now, they can't publicly tweet out and say something like, well, You know what? We're glad this thing is over.


Let's move on. 'cause what'll happen is the liberal commies that follow them on Twitter will attack them and be like, we got Hitler. Do you understand that? But these smart Commies, they're still evil, but they're tactically smart. They know this was a huge mistake. However, they still think it was a, a success. Dan, what are you saying? This is confusing. You're all over the place. No, I'm not. They know that the convicted felon thing is only going to add to Donald Trump's martyrdom and his legend moving forward. They know that. But they also understand, due to this New York Times article here, Supreme Court denies Trump's last ditch effort to avoid sentencing.


They know they've won because process is punishment to the left. Everybody, let's take a break. Okay. Judge Bonino has ruled deep breaths. Let's refocus because if we don't learn from this edutainment educational entertainment hat tip boogie down productions, there is no purpose to this show whatsoever. My good friend Tom Fitten over judicial watch told me this a long time ago. Judicial watch. I mean, that's what they do. They watch the judiciary. That's why they're called judicial watch. Sorry, that sounded like a dick on that one. It wasn't intentional, I promise. Tom said, process for the left is punishment.


The left doesn't really care that he's labeled a convicted felon. They know it's gonna backfire. I just said that what they care about is they have successfully forced Donald Trump to defend himself against a fake crime in front of a fake judge with a daughter who was a Democrat activist. The judge, I believe, is a donor in front of a fake DA in front of a fake ag. This is what their goal was. Their goal is to make the process so painful that the outcome doesn't matter. Do you understand what I mean? This is why liberals love things like the IRS. They love things like a weaponized FBI because they know in the end that if they come knocking down your door because you're a Trump activist with an FBI search warrant, even if the search warrant is based on a source they know to be giving them fake information, they know later on nothing will happen to them.


They'll just say, Hey, how did we know Christopher Steele was lying? They'll know that, but they'll know that and they'll admit to it later. After you've spent two to $300,000 in legal bills, they, I, I'm, I'm not gonna lie to you folks, they, this is a messaging narrative loss for them. The convicted felon thing is a total loser for them. It is only gonna add to Trump's aura. Is everybody get that in the chat? Tell me in the chat. You're digging what I'm putting down. You're picking up and eating this chili because you gotta understand that the narrative war for them is completely lost. They lost the election. However, the damage done to constitutional process across the country is maybe at this point, I'm not gonna say irreparable, but it's gonna be difficult to fix.


If they can do this to Donald Trump, the most powerful Republican conservative anywhere in the world. If they can do this to him and drag him through this kangaroo court in New York on a fake crime with no victim, they can do it to anyone. And whereas Donald Trump won't be bankrupted by this, I promise you will, our Supreme Court throw that up again. Our Supreme Court is totally, I don't wanna say our Supreme Court, Clarence Thomas and Alito, of course, always do the right thing. Ladies and gentlemen, Amy Coney Barrett has been a total failure. She has been a total failure. I I love Donald Trump.


But whoever recommended, I believe it was the Federalist Society, recommended Amy Coney Barrett. She has been an absolute disaster. Amy Coney Barrett is John Roberts Jr. John Roberts and Amy Coney Barrett sided with the liberal Commies. Now, I expect nothing from John Roberts. He's a clown. John Roberts is a judicial left wing activist. He's not a conservative. That's why I laugh. And you should never say folks in the chat. You understand this. If you ever say this in the chat, we may consider banning you. I can't. We don't have a six three Supreme Court. John Roberts is a leftist period. John Roberts has done more to destroy the country. His ruling on Obamacare, his ruling on the census and illegal immigration, his ruling on this, John Roberts, is a, is a, not just a leftist, a hardcore leftist.


Amy Coney Barrett is John Roberts Jr. She has been a disastrous pick. Trump should haul in every single person who recommended her and demand an explanation why the Supreme Court has. Now, whether they, I need you Toand, because a lot of you in the chat, I know what you're gonna say. So here, SCRA cra f says, reform the judicial system. Yeah, you're damn right. But I want you guys to understand, couple people in the chat. I bet you're thinking this. Well, You know, the Supreme Court didn't totally reject it. They said let the process play out first and then we'll take it afterwards. That's the point. That's what the left wanted. Do you understand? The left wanted the Supreme Court to say, Hey, weaponize the system all you want.


And then when everybody's bankrupt, we'll come in later and clean up the mess when the guy's already bankrupt. That's not justice, folks. I mean, have you not heard the cliche justice delayed? Is justice denied Donald Trump? It's not just justice delayed, it's justice. Never. The Supreme Court had an opportunity to step up and shut this down and outside Clarence Thomas Alito and Gorsuch, these other Amy Coney Barrett and Roberts are, have now turned into devout leftists. This is what happens when you hire legal professors with no legal experience whatsoever. I mean, excuse me, with with, with no real world experience. To go out and, and, and be the most important jurors in the land process is punishment folks.


Then you have this at Fox News. Our court system is completely collapsed. The whole purpose of the blind justice court system, we, we, we, we, we, we aspire to is that every single American, if it's Donald Trump or Trump, Donald gets the exact same opportunity at a fair legal justice system that protects due process rights. Donald Trump, this whole case for Jack Smith was thrown out. The appeals court is still gonna let Jack Smith release this report on a case with no merit whatsoever, with an unconstitutional appointment of Jack Smith that was thrown out. You have no protection if you're a Republican anymore. None. Zero absolute disgrace.


Now, because I, it is Friday and I wanna give you a little bit of good news here. There is a little bit of good news. Number one I started with, we've definitely won the narrative war. They have martyr Donald Trump and you need to take it and run with it. This convicted felon label is going to explode in their face Wiley Coyote style. I absolutely promise you. But if this is not an evite invitation, get ready for the words I'm about to use. There are three words that are gonna come outta my mouth in a second and I want you all to spread them around on social media. Bino Army, please, it is time right now for total personnel warfare.


If this is not an evite invitation for total personnel warfare, when we take over in what, 10 days, then nothing else is. Folks, I need you to understand Another cliche. Again, cliches can be valuable and they can be stupid. They're valuable because everybody understands 'em. As Peggy Noonan pointed out in her piece this week, there is another adage about government processes punishment. I'll give you one more. People are policy, ladies and gentlemen, if you are on the ridiculous mistaken misbelief, that policy is policy and we live in a blind justice system full of laws and regulations that apply equally.


That's a good one. We don't. That's ridiculous. Do you actually believe that these charges against Donald Trump for these payments, these legal payments made to Stephanie Clifford, do you actually believe anyone else on planet earth, anyone other than Donald Trump would be, would be put through the justice system ringer for this? Of course you don't. Why? I thought policy was policy. Policy isn't policy. People are policy. The judge and Twinkies judge merchant, fake judge, life loser, they made this crime up.


Folks, nobody was defrauded. Nobody. Zero people were defrauded. The banks that were supposedly the victims and the evaluation case of the properties not only set on the stand under oath, they were not the victim. They wanna do more business with Donald Trump. The legal precedent of dumping a statute of limitations after New York changes the law specifically for Donald Trump. They changed the law, dumping the statute of limitations to go find a felony. That's a federal charge. But Dan, it was in the New York State system. Exactly. They made the whole thing up. It is a fake crime.


He is a fake convicted felon 'cause it's a fake crime. He was not convicted of a crime because no crime actually exists. It is time for total personnel warfare. Do you understand that? Everybody has to go. Anyone in the justice system, a United States attorney, an A USA, an assistant United States attorney, that's what we call 'em in the system. The intake. A USA who decides anyone who sniffed this case touched this case, tweeted positively about this case. It is the president's full and final discretion to keep you hired in the DOJ Pam Bondi, soon to be President Trump.


Soon to be Attorney General. Everybody's gotta go. It is time for say it with me folks. Throw it in the chat right now. Total personnel warfare. You won't fix a mother thing if you don't fire every single person who looked at this thing and didn't speak out about this abomination folks to listen to the prosecutorial slob Twinkies team during this sentencing. If you heard some of the audio, it's quite boring. But to listen to them talk about the damage Donald Trump did to the legal system in New York by speaking out about this is such an inversion of the truth that I can't believe even disgusting, calm filth like these dipshits up in New York working for Twinkies who can't get true and really needs Jiro more than anyone I've ever seen, right?


There are drugs out there, dude. You don't have to be this much of a a slob. You can fix that Twinkies, You know that. To hear his team talk about how Donald Trump's talking about the New York justice system causing a danger to just after he was attacked Soviet style by said, system is such a perversion and inversion of the truth that I'm stunned. Even these commie losers had the balls to say it. Folks, people are policy. I wanna remind you about something about this case for your dumb ass liberal friends who are too stupid to figure out.


They lost the narrative war. I'll stipulate you have, yes you might. My liberal friends, of which I count as zero. I will throw this out there. You definitely won the destruction of the Constitutional Republic Award. You did. You've, you've destroyed it. Congratulate, I know that's what you wanted. You're not gonna say it, but I get that's what you wanted. Dipshits. You win. You have destroyed it. You have now invented a system where we can invent crimes and call people convicted felons for fake fabricated crimes. You win. But when this total personnel warfare happens and you are all gone and it, you need, you have to spend a decade re weaponizing the system again.


I want you to ask yourself, you won at what cost? I wanna remind you of something again that you can remind your dumbass liberal friends. 'cause they are stupid. They're, IM biles. That's why they're liberals and believe stupid stuff. Okay? John Edwards was a liberal democratic presidential candidate. If any of you remember who he is. He ran as John Kerry's vice president, but he ran for president himself. John Edwards was having an affair with this woman. They later believe had a child, John Edwards used donor money to. And these, the allegations were that he ma took this donor money and made payments like You know, keep quiet kind of payments.


John Edwards was prosecuted and won that case. So the government, in one case, this is what I'm telling you about people or policy. Policy isn't policy. The policy of the government then was if you take campaign dollars and try to pay off people for like whatever they call hush money, if you take the campaign dollars and do it, you're a criminal. That was the government's position. Do you understand in the Donald Trump case, they took the exact opposite position. I thought it was policy. Policy isn't policy. People are policy with Donald Trump. They said, Hey, these legal payments, which they called hush money, these legal payments were made out of Donald Trump's personal account business account or whatever.


They should have been campaign donations. If you're saying to yourself, wait, that's the exact opposite thing. Exactly. We live in a communist system, folks, the uncertainty going forward is gonna decimate and destroy this republic if we don't fix it. Total personnel warfare going forward, ladies and gentlemen, cabinet secretaries are not enough. We need under secretaries, deputy under secretaries, we need rank and file special agents in charge in the office. We need AUSAs. We need need intake people. This is going to be total personnel warfare if you wanna fix this because of the uncertainty in the system.


The whole idea of a constitutional republic in contrast to a dictatorship, communes and tyranny is that you can't just be locked up for any invented reason and then God forbid convicted. Imagine this. We have a system of supposed checks and balances vertically and horizontally, where even if they do lock you up for some alleged crime, you're supposed to get a unanimous verdict of jurors that are supposed to see through the bullshit. That's after an indictment where the grand jury's supposed to see through it. Every single one of these things failed. Everything the system has totally broken down. So liberals, I will give you your day.


You wanted to destroy the system and create a system of communist style tyranny. You did. Congratulations. You won. You absolutely won. But make no mistake, if you think this war is over and you won the narrative war, wait till total personnel warfare happens and some of these same judicial weapons are turned on you. The difference is we actually have real crimes to investigate like Joe Biden and his access to China and how he sold the country out and what Barack Obama was up to. Don't mistake this little laughy back and forth conversation yesterday for some kind of new buddy buddy thing.


That's not what I heard PI's gag orders is done with too, which is good. Donald Trump should never stop talking about this. Ever. Total personnel warfare moving forward, everybody gets fired. Folks, you didn't speak out about it. You didn't have the balls. And don't tell me, I don't want to hear your lectures out there. If you're a federal government employee in the legal system that sat on your ass and didn't know the well, what did you do? I resigned my job. Dip shits. That's why I am here. And I'm not still an agent. I didn't retire. I love when people tweet. Oh man, you got your government pension. I don't you have government healthcare. No, I don't. I did not retire.


I resigned. I don't need any lectures. Thanks. I actually had the balls to do something. You should grow a set. Let me take a quick break here. I want to get back to this 'cause this is really under my skin, folks.


Hey, if you own or carry a gun for protection, you need to join the U-S-C-C-A. Listen, as you've seen, I mean talk about imperfect timing from the weaponization of the justice system. You cannot risk the legal system if you get in a lethal force situation with a firearm, even in a clear cut case of self-defense. How many more headlines you need to see. You are likely to get more locked up more than the criminals, especially in these liberal and purple states. And with the new administration, the justice system's. No friend and gun owners like us even with them, because you've got locals, state people. You need to be a member of the U-S-C-C-A like I have. I've been a member for a long time. Right now, the US Concealed Carry Association is giving away a free concealed carry and family defense guide and a chance to win $1,200 to buy a gun or any gear you need to protect your family, all 100% free. You can get it when you visit u scca.com/dan. You'll learn how to detect attackers before they see you. Equipment and training basics and how to responsibly own and store a gun and a whole lot more. It's a 58 page guide. It's absolutely packed with valuable information. So go today, don't take any chances. Visit uscca.com/dan. You'll get instant access and a chance to win $1,200 to buy the gear you need. Go to uscca.com/dan right now. Check it out folks, please don't take any chances, which your freedom you have this justice system as you've seen today, is absolutely no friend to you under any circumstances. Don't take the risk.


Listen, I just wanna wrap here, folks on this topic. 'cause I have a lot more to get to and I want to digest what happened yesterday with Trump and Obama because again, there's a tendency to get emotional about these things. When Donald Trump doesn't see the world that way. He sees it transactionally. You need to see it that way too. Understand going forward, that transactionally speaking, we have a problem. What's the problem? Divorce the emotions. Don't do what liberals do. Divorce the emotions. What is our problem? What's the problem? The problem to fix is we have people in positions of authority who can have people arrested and prosecuted. Assistant district attorneys, city state's, attorneys assistant United States attorneys, US attorneys who have become total communes, communes of weaponized power.


How do we fix that problem? Everyone needs to be fired. Total personnel warfare. We obviously can't fire people in the state system, Donald Trump, but we can sure as shit take care of the federal system. So this is the clip I was talking about yesterday. What exactly were, this was at Jimmy Carter's funeral. This kind of went nuclear all over the internet. What exactly were President Trump and Barack Obama talking about yesterday? Well, I don't know because I'm not a lip reader, but apparently people who work with the New York Post are lip readers joking. No, I'm not joking at all. So Kyle Becker as a tweet out, and we have a decent idea now, according to this lip reader, I wanna be clear about what was actually said during this meeting.


And again, I don't want you to get emotional about this. The left gets emotional. I saw Don Lemon freaking out online. Oh my gosh. You're talking to Hitler. Obama. Don't do that. Trump is not stupid. He knows what he's doing. Apparently he told Obama he needed a quiet place to talk to him about a matter of importance. This lip reader, Jeremy Friedman scroll through that if you could. Said, he said, I've pulled out of that. It's the conditions. Can you imagine that Trump said afterwards, Obama laughs. Trump says, and after I will, the camera then cuts away and Trump said to Obama, call me at the Foy after. Yep. I, I'm, I'm not sure Foy if is an accurate what he was saying.


Can you and Obama responded, can you just, it should be good. And then he says, Trump said to him, I can't talk. We have to find a quiet place. It's a matter of importance. We can do this outside so we can deal with it. Certainly today. What were they talking about folks? There's a thousand different theories. Donald Trump answered a question yesterday about it, but didn't say anything specific about, were they talking about the Iran deal? I, I don't know. There's a lot of speculation. I'm applying the Bongino rule, which is I'll wait to see if more information comes out. And Trump says a little more about what exactly they were talking about. I don't know. But again, I'm seeing people getting really upset about this.


I'm not talking about the left. Of course, we expect them to break down and meltdown. Oh my gosh, Hitler fascists because they're morons and they're emotional folks. We need to find out, and we are going to need to get to a source eventually about what happened with the Iran deal and the Spygate operation. And for those of you who don't know the background, they are all tied together. This thing started. For those of you who are unaware, and I encourage you, you can get it from the library. I'm not trying to sell you a book. I promise if you read my book, follow the Money or Exonerated or even Spygate. I have three books on this. You will see this all started with General Mike Flynn. Mike Flynn had real issues with the intelligence community's failures and the Iran deal.


So he was targeted by Obama. The Iran deal, Iran and Mike Flynn are tied into the entire weaponization of government operation. That's why the whole spying operation started with Mike Flynn. And that's why the FBI went after him first when he was the National Security Advisor at the White House. This is all tied into the Iran deal. Is that what he's talking about there? Donald Trump with, with President Obama? I don't know. I'm applying the wait and see Bino rule. Give it 24 to 72 hours and we'll see. But I'm sure as hell gonna comment on it. 'cause if that's what it's about, Trump knows what's up is about to start overturning some rocks. And he knows Obama knows too. Is he trying to get Obama to speak up about it?


I don't know. I guess we'll see. But I would be very careful jumping to conclusions. I saw that with the Federman thing yesterday too. A whole bunch of people were really upset about, You know, Federman going to visit Mar-a-Lago, the Democrat senator from Pennsylvania. Why? What are you upset about? Don't get emotional. We're not leftists. Donald Trump needs plus ones, including Democrats on pieces of legislation. If FE'S a plus one, what do we give a shit? I'm never gonna vote for the guy. I would never vote for a Democrat in my life and you shouldn't either. But if we can get the guy to plus one us on immigration and tax cuts and other things, why would we be stupid not to take it? Be stunned how many people I saw even at arson.


I can't believe he's hosted federal. Why? What can't you believe? Why would you not believe that? I want you to understand, though, slowly, even in the narrative war, it's slowly dawning on the absolute dumbest liberals in the media that nothing they've been told by Democrat operatives about Trump in the past is true. Where'd I get that quote from? Our good friend g Glenn Greenwald, one of the few actual journalists left This thing happened. What I'm talking about with Trump and Obama yesterday, you just saw the video and look at this as Aser wind. So Subang, I know this guy well, this guy's just a complete goofball. Life loser. Wrote some BS article about me a long time ago, turned into a court thing.


Here's OSU win Ang, he says, so Trump and Obama are just hanging out next to each other. Jimmy's Carter f Jimmy Carter's funeral. Nice visual there. He says, I, I'm aware I'm not a former prisoner or statesman or anything, but if I truly believe the guy's a fascist, I'm not showing my personal respects to anything. Sharing a pew with that asshole. They're slowly coming around to the fact that every single thing they've been told is absolutely bullshit. Folks, You know what? Can we go to Tarof? I need a little TaRL. L break folks. You know, the queen of the cha queen of the courage of the character.


I need a little tarof break after that. Just fireball of an opening about this disgusting filth bullshit case up in New York in the sentencing. Listen to me. Liberals are slowly coming around to the fact that everything Democrat operatives tell them is bullshit. Everything, everything. Tarloff is an op. Okay? She's always been an op. She comes to the Fox News five said, I've seen it a thousand times with a list of talking points people give her. She does no homework on anything. And it's why she constantly has to retract stuff and looks like an absolute buffoon. She does no homework. She's not smart. She's the queen of the Karens. She gets destroyed every single time.


She's like this as wind Souse Bank person, except that she's the Democrat operative telling them that Trump's Hitler and all this other stuff. Or insinuating it or applying it and attacking this guy all the time. I'm gonna show you what I mean. Coming up in a second. She gets absolutely wrecked on again, putting out garbage, nonsense junk. Quick break and we'll get right back to the last break of the show. As you can tell today, I'm, I'm in a mood. This judge merchant definitely has me,


folks, you got a dog. Dogs smell bad. It happens sometimes you're gonna wanna hear from our next sponsor. They reached out to me a while ago. We're always careful about our sponsors. It's called Coat Defense. They started as a human skincare company, but became deeply troubled by all the toxic medications and topical treatments commonly used on dogs. So they created a non-toxic, quickly effective solution, a common skin and coat issues that not only remedies issues, but will help prevent. Prevent these troubles from returning, allowing your dog to live a longer, happier, and healthier life. Like the famous Lucy is, your dog itchy all the pills and shots from the vet that didn't help coat defense works. 'cause many of these itchy dogs have an overgrowth of yeast on the skin and the folds paws are inside the ears, which could clear up in a day or two using coat defense products. We use it. We love it. You can save 15% on your first order@coatdefense.com and be sure to enter Code Dam when you check out. Use it, take care of your doggie. That's co defense.com. COAT co defense.com for 15% off. Enter code. Dan, help give your dog relief and avoid those expensive vet visits. Take care of that dog coat defense coat defense.com. Enter code Dan. Something better for your dog. Check it out.


Last sponsor of the day. Thank you Coat Defense, Lucy, thanks you to Hillsdale College.


One of my favorite traditions is choosing New Year's resolutions. You're all getting the opportunity to get yourself smarter this year. Learn something new, make the resolution. Use my friends at Hillsdale College. They offer outstanding free, yes, free online courses. More than 40 of them. Learned about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the books of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, my favorite now the rise and fall of the Roman Republic and the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale Colleges free online courses. Personally, I'm enjoying American Heritage, a new one which examines the history of America from the colonial era of the President, including the major challenges to the founder's principles and the great controversies of American History current, including their work on progressivism and centered around the meaning of all those principles. These Hillsdale courses are self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever you like. Get smarter. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/dan to enroll. There's no cost. It's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/dan to enroll hillsdale.edu/dan for free. hillsdale.edu/dan, check it out. Thank you folks.


Here it is, folks. The queen of the Karen strikes again, again, these people put out misinformation every single day. It's how we got to this place with Donald Trump in the sentencing. It's how we got to the LA wildfires, the failures of government, these media people. There's nothing tarloff won't do to protect left wing commies. It doesn't matter. LA's burning to the ground. The mayor cut the budget. Here's Tarof telling you a fairytale about it. Check this out. There's also, which I think is particularly the most damaging story, which is that there was $17 million cut from the fire budget and that's also inaccurate. So last year's budget had an extra $17 million because they bought off. They bought one off expenses.


These SCBA is for respiratory protection for firefighters and new suits. Those aren't in the new budget because you buy them once every several years. Also, there's an additional $50 million that's been set aside for the fire department. And when they were doing the budget negotiations, it wasn't finished. So that money is coming. There will actually be more money in the fire budget next year in terms, Yeah, folks, Liz McDonald from Fox, who actually knows her stuff, unlike the queen of the Karens Jessica Tar. Sorry, I just love reading the check guys. I know you guys get a kick out Queen of the cameras here. Sorry Jessica. Unfortunately this is incorrect. She could have looked it up and do her homework, but, and done her homework. But Jessica Tariff doesn't actually believe in homework.


In fiscal year 20 22, 20 23, LA Fire Department had a budget of 837 million for fiscal year 2022. The budget was reduced by 17.6 million, bringing it to 819 million. I mean, she could have, again, just looked that up. Obviously chose not to because she is, that's why she's constantly making retractions and things on tv. You understand? They just make stuff up. This is why liberals believe crazy bullshit. Now, I want to tie this all together for you. And this was unintentional because I was unaware of what was gonna happen with the sentencing today. The fake sentencing on the fake crime by the fake judge of Donald Trump in the New York City courtroom. I was, there were rumors it was gonna be an unconditional discharge, which it turned out to be it's not gonna be any jail time, which would've been absurd.


However, I wasn't sure what was gonna happen, So I couldn't get out ahead of it. But this article is absolutely glorious and you need to read it because it covers the parallels between the Soviet Union and Glasnost. When the Soviet Union opened up under Gorbachev, the Glasnost era, Reagan Gorbachev, and later George HW Bush, when the media opened up and started reporting on the horrors of what had happened under the Soviet Union. Ladies and gentlemen, it was a massive shock to the system. The author in this Vladimir Kta Rovic and Eugene Kta Rovic. The gist of the article is that you're now going to start to see this with some Democrats, not the tar offs because they, they propagandize on purpose.


That's what they do. But you're gonna see a lot of rank and file Democrats start to switch over to the Republican party as they realized that the press is now going to be forced in the Trump era as the books are open to cover what happened in the prior eight years of Obama and four years of Biden, which were effectively Soviet style tyranny. Do you get the parallel? Do you see what he's saying? He's saying this was such a shock to people who finally read with Gorbachev, opened up the President. Oh my gosh. All this stuff we heard about from our families, but we were afraid to talk about is real. He talks about the all the stuff that's coming out now that you've been lied to. Here's the list in this American Glass notes.


You know, the list continues. Turns out a virus that killed millions of people was most likely engineered by China and partially funded by us for years. Public health establishment labeled this a right wing conspiracy conspiracy theory. Now, we also discuss the harm inflicted on children by school closings. Conversations that at one point were forbidden as dangerous misinformation. They note some participants in these abuses such as meta, CEO Zuckerberg, are confessing now how they reluctantly contributed this week. He announces companies ending againsts fact checking program and reducing censorship explaining as America that America's released, reached a cultural tipping point. Ladies and gentlemen, I believe we have, we have released not just an American tipping point where the media and the TaRL offs of the world are still gonna propagandize people because that's what they do.


They've got to protect the communist insulated enterprise and government no matter what. That people died in Los Angeles, that their houses burned down matters not to far left liberals. What matters is protecting the collective concentrated power of government and Democrat power. They listen to me. They don't give a shit about you. Do you understand? Far left? I'm not talking about all Democrats. I wanna be very clear about that because I'm not gonna do what they do to us. Listen to me clearly liberal, far left radicals don't give a shit. Who's dead? Who's kidnapped? Laken Riley, who's raped, who's murdered, whose house burns down? They don't give a shit.


They will lie to protect their big government power no matter what. Does everybody in the chat, everybody understand that every single person here, they don't care. Can you imagine a far left liberal government voting to protect rape gangs in a country raping children because it would hurt, organized, liberal, far left communist power. Oh, that's not happening. Oh yes, it is. It is. It's exactly what's happening.


Matter of fact, in that Wall Street Journal article, they note that even children were violated under the old order. There's now a sudden frankness going on about mutilating children. And then last week, many Americans discovered thanks to Elon Musk, by the way, for the first time that Pakistani child rape gangs existed in the uk, which were reported on years ago. Why now can only be explained through glass nose when one can speak freely. Everything that wasn't said tumbles out. Ladies and gentlemen, I, I know with the cussing it's not the, but this, I really encourage you, if you have kids, maybe move 'em away from this.


Got it. Okay. The stories in the UK are horrifying. They involve things like anal pumps to expand things so that multiple men could rape children at the same time. The stories are horrifying. Now, you would think liberals in the United Kingdom, liberals would say, oh my gosh, anal pumps with kids. That sounds really atrocious. We need to do something about that and investigate how this was allowed to go on so long. Nope. Here is a video recording of the vote count, which went down in flames to do an organized investigation into these Pakistani child rape games.


I told you they will protect anything and anyone because that's who these evil demons are. Watch this. The eyes to the right were 111. The nose to the left, 364. So the nose have it, the nose have it unlock Kids rape house burns down lake and Riley's murdered, tortured, beaten fentanyl poisonings. You think liberals give a shit. Liberals don't care as long as it contributes to their power base. They will never say a thing about it. And they will do everything to cover it up.


If you expect people on any cable news channel with a far left leaning ever to call out big government despite rapes and murders and arson and fires and destruction and death and property damage, you are out of your mind. There is only one way to get rid of these people. It is total personnel warfare. Vote them out. Fire the appointees. It is the only way. These people are an existential threat to humanity. They're disgusting tyrants here. You want more evidence of human filth. Here's the disgusting medi Hassan.


A total piece of shit and life loser a guy, if he's anywhere near you, run in the opposite direction quickly. A filthy human being. I'll play the video with this guy. He likes to describe atheists as cattle. You know what? Put that up. Let's see the guy first. He, he you. You're the disbelievers. If you don't believe in his religion, by the way he calls you the disbelievers, the atheists who remain deaf and stubborn to Islam, that they are describing the Qurans people of no intelligence. This is what medi thinks of you. 'cause they are incapable of the intellectual effort. It requires to shake off blind prejudices about existence of God. Koran describes the Athe atheist as cattle. Cattle of those who grow the crops that do not stop and wonder about this world medi you can go fuck yourself.


How does that sell? Medi me's a chump and a coward and a loser and a total zero me's a piece of shit. I called you that you're a piece of shit. You understand? Look me in the eye loser. Go fuck yourself. Okay? Nobody likes you. You couldn't even keep a job at M-S-N-B-C 'cause you're such a life loser. Why Pi Morgan had this guy on? I don't understand. PI may be a leftist, but he's not typically crazy. I don't know why anyone gives this guy a platform. I don't like boycotts. I'm unless suggest you boycott him. But you don't have to give the guy a platform either. The guy's a complete piece of shit. Here he is. He is upset not about children being raped by Pakistani rape gangs, but the people happen to mention that the people who raped him are Pakistani.


That's what he's concerned about, about You're definitely a racist coordinator if you talk about this. No, no, this actually happened. Check this out. We know that the very, very, very vast majority are actually British Pakistanis. Are You trying to do, Are you trying to deflect it into thinking it's some white Men doing all this? Oh my God. So in Glasgow, there were white men assault 11 people abused three children, one of them in a nappy diaper gang. I'm not talking About Glasgow, you're not talking about that. Nor is Elon Musk in the West Midlands. Okay? In West Midlands, a decade of child sex crimes. 21 white people abused seven children, all of them under the age of 12, right? In Cornwall in 2010. These aren't three years of we're talking, we're talking about sex crime. Six men, well, I'll get to that in a moment.


Six men abuse 30 girls, the youngest of whom was five years old. And you've just made my point for me. These are the scandals. We're not talking about why, why are we defining child sex crimes and grooming gangs by race? Unless you're a racist or trying to make political hay out of this. Do you believe this piece of shit? By the way, before I get back to the stupidity of what he just said, here's Mei Hassan again. Medi Hassan, who is a, I'm telling you, if you did one of the biggest pieces of shit in the media, here's Medi Hassan again. If you're not one of the believers like him air quotes, then he doesn't think much of you. Check this out.


We know that keeping the moral high ground is key. Once we lose the moral high ground, we are no different from the rest of them. Non Muslims, from the rest of those human beings who live their lives as animals, bending any rule to fulfill any desire, Animals, bunch of savages, you should be more like Medi Hassan. Medi Hassan, who is puzzled that a bunch of Pakistani men gang rape kid kids and he's upset that they're Pakistani. And then we go, it's not my fault. They're Pakistani and I, I I I get, I get a deep pit in my stomach that makes me wanna vomit. That he's calling you a racist for calling after.


You know, it's kind of interesting when Jeffrey Epstein, who is not Pakistani, Jeffrey Epstein happens to be Jewish, by the way, which has nothing to do with the case at all. That's our point. Not dumb ass me, Hassans. We talked about this case all the time. He was involved in a sexual abuse case. So, so, so, so many Hassan's. Point is if they're Pakistani, you're not allowed to talk about it. So just to be clear, I'm a, I'm a cop. I get in a foot pursuit and I'm describing what I believe to be what the person looks like, right? And someone tells me that, listen, the subject who just robbed me, he's Pakistani. I come on the radio and go, I can't tell you what the subject is 'cause he's Pakistani and me Hasan thinks that's racist folks.


The world is full of really sick, disgusting people. And the only way, only way to stop the onslaught of tyranny keep yourself safe from these people is to keep them out of power. This guy's free to have an opinion, but we don't have to platform this guy, okay? He is an asshole and he's always been one. Alright, I wanna move on. I want to do some coverage again of this, of the LA fire because the LA fire problem and the failure of government, despite one of the most greedy cities on planet Earth, LA I'm not talking about the people. I'm talking about, the government steals just a fortune from their citizens.


La a lot of these California cities, the failure to do even basic fire mitigation, to keep the water flowing out of fire hydrants has led to such mammoth destruction that the only reason this stuff is gonna be allowed to continue is 'cause of people like Tarloff who defended on the five, who will never once say, Hey, maybe this was the wrong approach to government. Look at this damage, put that up on on vo. Ladies and gentlemen, this is just, I mean, this is just catastrophic. Nobody deserves this man. A sane person, unlike the liberal Karens of the world and the losers out there, a sane person would look at this and say, how do we stop this from happening again?


Now, I'm gonna play this clip of Ron DeSantis next because there's a valuable point here. Maybe some of you'll get this and figure this out. Before I do, before I, before I articulate it, I should say Ron DeSantis was Donald Trump's opponent. There was still a lot of people in the mag movement who don't like Ron DeSantis. I like Ron DeSantis a lot. I live in Florida. He's been an amazing governor. State's totally transformed under him, period. Whether that pisses people off or not, I don't care. I supported Donald Trump from the start. I never supported Donald Ron DeSantis in the primary. A lot of Ron DeSantis people don't like me because I didn't support him in the primary. I don't care about that. He either, you're never gonna get me to get emotional about this and say, I hate Ron DeSantis.


You're not gonna get me to say that. And you're not gonna get me to say, well, or you couldn't have gotten me to say, I'm gonna support him in the primary. I supported Donald Trump, period. Because I am simply a transactional guy who thinks about outcomes. And I thought Donald Trump would bring the best outcome. Maybe Donald, maybe Ron DeSantis sometime in the future. But he is a great governor, the best in the country. And I've seen it here in Florida, and no one's gonna change my mind on that. Absolutely. Period. Think about this, only transactionally. Why am I bringing that up? Because it's interesting how on the Republican side, we can have a healthy debate about people. There are DeSantis people even now who don't like Donald Trump. There are Trump people who don't like DeSantis. They're free to have that opinion. But you notice how in our party, there's always a little back and forth and friction.


And ladies and gentlemen, that's a healthy thing. It keeps people on their toes. Keeps man frosty, keeps everybody wired into the Matrix, okay? I mean, the good matrix, not the bad one, right? Keeps everybody aligned that we have a vision and we can argue about the ideas and articulate those visions better because people on our own side are gonna challenge us. This never happens on the left. The left is committed to big government no matter what, and the media protects them. So here's DeSantis, just absolutely kicking ass here. Media person asks him, Hey, is this the right time to critique Avenue?


So really DeSantis, despite kicking ass on hurricanes, has been critiqued for every single hurricane response despite doing it better than anyone else in the country. His answer's priceless. Check this out. President elect or a president to be criticizing, is it appropriate for people in your industry to try to create division and to try to create narratives Anytime these things happen, now you're not as interested in doing that because Newsom is a D. If Newsom was a Republican, you guys would go try to, you would have him nailed to the wall for what they're doing over there. And I know we've dealt with it. We just assume in Florida, anytime something happens, it's gonna be politicized by the media. So you guys sitting in judgment of Donald Trump, I mean, excuse me.


I think your track record of politicizing these things is, is very, very bad. You, you want my, my, my, my chat. My chat folks commented the day tech Christian, you get it. You just nailed it. You're exactly like me. Don't get emotional about this stuff. I don't like to say he bring, here he is tech Christian. I like DeSantis. His bid for president wasn't mistake. Good people make mistakes. Absolutely. It wasn't a mistake. I mean, I think he would say that too. He lost. But that's exactly what we need. He's down there. He shows up at Mar-a-Lago supporting the cause. If later on he starts attacking Donald Trump, we'll have a different take on it. Thank you tech Christian.


Because folks, we have a fight. We gotta fight and we need plus ones. There's no reason to be attacking Fetterman or to be attacking DeSantis right now. We need plus ones. We have to think about this, not emotionally be smart about it. I'm not telling you to trust anyone. Trust is an emotion. It's not an outcome. I'm not asking you to trust anyone. Matter of fact, I'm telling you, don't trust anyone, me included. We don't bring receipts. Throw it out the window. Pay attention to the outcomes. 'cause we have crap like this to deal with. You see this video going around? This is Los Angeles Assistant Fire Chief, chief Kristen Larson in one of the most grotesque, horrifying videos about fire response you're ever gonna see.


I'm making it about me. I'm simply telling you, I've got a lot of skin in this game. I lost a house, I lived into a fire. And let me tell you something. When those fire department folks responded out there in AU when the house was burning down, nobody gave a shit what they look like. As a matter of fact, folks, when they have their with Scott PS on and their masks and their gear, you don't even know what they look like. Apparently the fire chief cares about that because DEI matters more than anything. Check this out. You want to see somebody that responds to your house, your emergency, whether it's a medical call or a fire call that looks like you. It gives that person a little bit more ease knowing that somebody might understand their situation better.


Is she strong enough to do this? Or you couldn't carry my husband out of a fire, which my response is he got himself in the wrong place if I have to carry him out of a fire. Your only job is to rescue people from a fire. That's why you exist. Your job as a fireman, not fire person, your job as a fireman is to go in and rescue people and rescue property. That's your freaking job. And you thought it appropriate to say, well, You know, you want someone to look like you. Nobody gives a shit in a fire.


What anybody looks like, nobody. Have you ever been, is this fire, has this fire official ever been in a fire? This smoke is thick and black. It's not like the movies, folks. I had to learn this in fire training. Not a real, I've never been in a real fire. When the house burned down, I wasn't home, thankfully, knock on wood. But in fire training, when they put us through the Nassar County Fire Academy, you can't see shit in front of your face. It's black. Any firemen in the chat? Chime in here. Tell every firemen in the chat. I know you're there. We got 143,000 people. Surely there's firemen. Tell me I'm wrong. The fire is thick and black without a flashlight. You can't see shit.


You think you're looking, oh I'm, is that a white man? I'm sorry. I'm gonna bypass being saved. Can we get a black female lesbian in here please? Fireman, am I wrong here? Here. J Kramer, 71. Can't see shit. JP. 5 4, 3, 2, 1. You're a hundred percent correct, Dan. And to you firemen in the chat, listen to me, brothers and sisters, thank you for your bravery. I took this fire training for a day and it scared the living shit outta me. And I was a cop. We're supposed to run towards, I'd rather, I'm not even kidding. I'd rather run towards a gunfight where I got a shot than run in a freaking smoky building.


These guys run in a damn building. They don't even know. The floor's not gonna give way. You understand the freaking nuts. It takes to do that. And you are worried about the skin color and sexual orientation about this person sh really super cooler. Shut it. The firemen on here. Hey man, I'd pound my heart, but my elbows don't work. But much love brothers and sisters. You got, you got a set of freaking grapefruits. And like I say to my military, brothers and sisters, I envy you for your experience. The cops out there too, the police officers, corrections, first responders. But today it's about the fireman.


God bless you man. You got a lot of balls doing what you do. You ever get the chance to go take a fire course at a fire academy with a light up number two diesel fuel oil and shut the windows? They'll literally board up the windows. You'll see what I mean. You'll be begging to get out of there. Of course, nothing works in Los Angeles. Nothing works despite the fact that the government steals from its taxpayers at nearly a record pace in the state of California and in the city. You would think they would have some basic fire prevention because, You know, a fires never happen in California. Oh yeah, it happens all the time. Here's an M-S-N-B-C report.


Yes, M-S-N-B-C having to acknowledge that the fire hydrants ran outta water. The fire hydrants had one job to put out fire with water. That's their job. How the, how do you run outta water? You doubt me. Here, watch this. We saw an apartment building engulfed in flames. I saw the fire engine engine pull up this afternoon. A fire captain have one of his firefighters attach a hose to a hydrant and that hose didn't fill up. Alex and I asked the captain, out of every 10 hydrants you attach to today, on average, how many are you getting full water from? He says, little to none.


And it was at that point that really the whole crew stopped, looked up at this apartment building and they realized there was nothing they could do. Here's your governor who wants to run for president in California? Hair gel guy Gavin Newsom. Here he is answering a question. Was it CNN or whatever? Asking him like, Hey man, You know, the water and the fire hydrants and stuff. I mean, you are the governor. The state's known for wildfires. I mean, the insurance market pulled out because of it. You did nothing about that except create the problem The insurance pro companies had that when they had to leave. Whatcha gonna do about that? He's like, ah, don't worry. I think the locals will figure it out. You doubt me here.


Watch yourself. What is the Situation With the water? Obviously in, in the Palade ran out last night in the hydrants. I started the firefighter on this block. They left 'cause there was no water in the hydrant here. Yeah, The the local folks are trying to figure that out. I mean, just when you have a a system, it's not dissimilar what we've seen in other extraordinarily large scale fires, whether it be pipe electricity, or whether it just be the complete overwhelm of the system. I mean, those hydrants are typical for two or three fires, maybe one fire. You have something at this scale. But again, that's gotta be determined by the local. Yeah, don't worry. Large scale fire in Los Angeles. Totally unforeseeable. Locals will figure it out. Folks. Hey, I just wanna talk to you about something quickly.


You know, listen, I don't, I do my Monday morning update, but generally I don't talk about my personal life every day because honestly, who gives a shit? I mean, there's too much going on in the world. Donald Trump was just sentenced by a tyrannical court in New York who wants to hear about my, You know, me getting a root canal or something, right? But I got a lot going on in my life. Not asking for anybody's sympathy or anything like that. I'll be fine, but I gotta take some time off for some things. Not on the radio. I'll be here for the podcast every day, but I won't be in for the radio today. I've got something I really need to take care of. I know it's a busy day. Jim's gonna be using a lot of my audio. But I hope you understand going forward, there's things I just don't talk about for a reason.


It's it. I'm not gonna say it's not your business. It is. It's just boring. But it's not boring to me. It's serious stuff and I have to take care of it. So I will be here for the podcast every day, don't worry. But I will be taking off some little bit of time on radio. I'll not be there today. Jim and Avita will take over. They use some of my content and maybe I'll explain more later. You guys will get it all right, but could use some of your, You know, support in these things. I appreciate it. Hey, do me a favor, download the Rumble app and thank you. Thank you. Thank you by the way, for following us on Rumble. I wanna get to 4 million subs followers by the end of the year. It's free. Go to Rumble dot com slash bonino. As you can see there. Just click that follow button.


You could also download the Rumble app. And a favor to ask. I've asked a couple times, you guys really helped me out a lot. Can you please go to Apple and Spotify and help us as well? Spotify has kind of reached out. I think they're trying to make amends with the conservative community. We'll see. I'm a trust but verify guy. But if you go to Spotify and Apple, look up The Dan Bongino Show and just click that follow button there. I'd really appreciate it. You jumped us like 40 spots on the charts, so that means a lot to us. Deeply appreciated. I will see you back here on the show on Monday. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.