
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino You. know folks, I am in the eyeballs and ear lobes business, but I'm gonna tell you something as a, as a friend here, I always call you guys, brothers and sisters 'cause that's always the way I've kind of handled this show. Like, like a family may not have, we may not have genetics in common, but we have something more important and Allegion to allegiance to higher values. This show has become a source of an endless stream of breaking news over this secret service security debacle. And I have sadly more for you today.


And I, and I mean that it's one thing to be You know, be in this business. 'cause I would come here, you're gonna get all the clicks. but I would rather just tell you that the government was being transparent and honest with you about the attempt on Donald Trump's life and that all the information's out in the media. And then I can analyze it. We'd still have a great audience. We don't need to profit off this stuff. It's kind of sick to even think that way. Unfortunately, people aren't comfortable sharing information with the media, so they're sharing it with me. Their former colleagues, their friends, and their secret service. They've let you down. I've got a lot for you today, folks. Stay tuned. The opening of this show is gonna be, it's, it's gonna disappoint you a lot.


Not because of the content, but because of what the government's doing to you.


Hey, Berna is non-lethal Pistol Launcher with tear gas and Kinetic am mo and capacity. It's an attacker for up to 40 minutes. That's Bya, B-Y-R-N-A, bya. Visit bya.com/dan for a 10% discount.


And I appreciate your patience. We've got a sponsored open up the show today a couple more later.


Many Americans are tired and frustrated by stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile still believe in America and are rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile. We love him. Gee, great customer service, right? Who is the guy Milton? Shout out to Milton customer service. They love our country. Everybody loves Milton, the sanctity of life. Our military and first responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Use Patriot. Mobile. Put America first By switching over today, you'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they're they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Can't beat that. The 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't get fooled by other providers pretending to share your values or, or have the same coverage. They don't And. they can't join me. Make the switch today to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All fellas. Let's get this show started. By the way, we may have a special guest today. I am 90% sure, but it is the RNC. So a lot of curve balls come your way. You saying Dan on the podcast? Yes, on the podcast. So we're hoping around 10 40. So that just so You know, there may be a minute or so where we're moving some stuff around. So what Paula James is here. So we're moving some stuff around. Just be patient with us first, let me get this out of the way. A high level source reached out to me last night and said to me that the rooftop that the shooter engaged from, as I told you last night during the Tucker Carlson special, and then on Don Jr.


Show, was actually supposed to be posted by a local police department or a non-SEC Service Counter Sniper team. So we're clear on the facts. There were two counter sniper teams from the Secret Service Two. Those two were assigned to the scene. That rooftop was obviously deemed a threat. It was a line of sight issue. So because they didn't have the assets, and I'll get to why in a few minutes, it involves Dr. Jill Biden, who has a extremely low threat level relative to Donald Trump. This is the breaking news for some reason, that local police department, this is not about Monday morning quarterbacking folks. Again, this is not a football game. These are people's lives.


For some reason, that local tactical counter sniper team didn't make it to the roof. What I'm hearing from sources is that that tactical team positioned it through a second floor window, which seeds the high ground. Now I, I wish I wasn't breaking this on my show. The fact that nobody is comfortable talking to the media because they're such insider hacks And, they're afraid they're all gonna be exposed And. they all have to come to me candidly, folks is a travesty. But think about what I just told you for a second. Everybody take a pause and a timeout. Think about the multiple security failures here and the lying.


There was supposed to be a tactical CS team on that roof. They didn't make it to the roof. They chose a second floor window instead, which seeds the high ground, obviously. And nobody noticed, nobody noticed that that post, that CS post was unmanned. Nobody had any idea. Now this explains a lot the I am, I gotta, I gotta control the expletives. I really, the bullshit. You're, I just said that the bullshit you're hearing coming outta Secret Service Headquarters. Now does it make sense? Did you see a few days ago, and by the way they're watching right now.


Make no mistake, did you see a few days ago, I don't know, about three, four days ago, the Secret Service came out with a statement through this PR flag, googly, Emmy and others who, and these guys should all resign immediately. And did you hear what they said? They, they did it kind of in a winky nod, sleazy kind of way where they tried to pawn this off on the locals. Do you remember that? Folks in the chat? Do you remember how do we have 120,000 people we just started six minutes ago? Is that even right? That is crazy. They tried to. Now does that make sense? The local CS team never made it to the roof counter sniper team. So when the Secret Service got massive backlash for appearing to pawn this off on the locals, even though what they were saying was true, even though it was the secret service's responsibility to check that the post was manned, the Secret Service then dialed the story back and said, oh, we're not trying to blame the locals.


This is our responsibility. And then when they got backlash for saying, okay, well if it's your responsibility, why was there no one on the freaking roof mother? Why was there no one there? What did the secret service director say? She came out with this ludicrous absurdity that You know, I don't know man, the slope of the roof. We shouldn't be up there. It's like an OSHA violation or something. What bro, what did you did? But, but lemme tell you an OSHA violation. There are things in the motorcade, other security mechanisms we use, I'm sure probably aren't safe to be around.


I'm you think I sat there and went, osha, can we get a ticket on this item here? You do your fucking job, you do your job and you keep the president alive. That excuse about the slope of the roof is another lie. Are you getting now what's going on? The Secret Service is lying so much and so often to try to cover up this total Charlie Foxtrot. If You know what that means, you military guys out there, they're lying so much that they're forgetting their lies and they're not savvy enough like a Jen Psaki to lie. Effectively. There was supposed to be a local post. They never showed up and no one from the Secret Service checked.


They never showed up on that roof. Nobody checked. It also explains the possible hesitation by the other CS teams when this guy was encountered on the roof. Maybe they confused them for someone else thinking it was posted up by locals. And it took maybe a couple of seconds to unscrew that. You are not hearing this anywhere else. Folks, let your show prep begin. Now, hot tip, the Great Rush Limbaugh, we're borrowing that line from the legend. Let your show prep begin. Now this stuff should be coming out from whistleblowers, but they don't trust you in the media. They trust me 'cause I was one of their brothers.


And let me tell you something, to the men and women in the Secret service I work with, this isn't the Secret service I knew they are calling out to me horrified that this happened. I don't want you to think that the good men and women there, because there are some, I don't want you to think at all that anyone's proud of this. They are horrified. They are horrified. They're embarrassed. They are reaching out to me. Go get 'em. Keep the, keep their feet to the fire. We gotta fix this thing. This thing is a disaster, Folks. The story keeps changing. Now everybody keeps changing the story 'cause they can't remember their own lies, man. Just tell the truth.


You don't have to remember life. Someone asking me my age, I'm gonna tell you it's 49. I'm not gonna lie to you 15 different times and tell geese something different than I told Michael. So I gotta remember it now. Media people, I'm gonna help you. Congressional representatives don't mean to sound like an asshole, but I'm gonna help you too immediately today if you haven't already. And you may have, if you have, forgive me, subpoena and demand what's called the SOD surveys from the Secret Service that stands for Special Operations Division. The surveys before they disappear. 'cause if what I'm telling you is true, you will see on the Counter Sniper Survey and you will see on the counter assault team tactical survey that that building was supposed to be posted on the roof.


It'll say it in writing. It'll have been emailed unless they're deleting this stuff now, which I, I I mean God help them if they do, that post will be on the survey. They're lying. Here's the other piece of news you're going to hear for the first time here. I am hearing from very reputable again, unimpeachable sources, that the failed secret service director is being silenced right now by the Biden administration and DHS Secretary Mayorkas. They're coming out to defend her publicly. Why? Because Paula, this is my friend Ed.


It's a guy in a white jacket. Can you bring him in? He's a good friend. Sorry folks. This guy, I love this guy. We used to work together in the Secret Service. He's outside. He's got a white jacket on. Here's what I'm hearing. They are being silenced. They are silencing the Secret Service director. It is not an accident that Myorca came out publicly defending her cheatle. She knows where all the cookies are in the cookie jar. They know if she goes rogue right now, everything I told you is gonna come out in the wash. The failure to secure Mar Lago proper properly, the repeated turning down of additional security assets. She know, they know this is gonna come out in the wash.


So they're silencing her right now. I'm getting this from the highest levels. They told her, shut up or your job is at stake. I hope you all caught my interview last night with Tucker and Don Jr. It was one of the most electric hours we've ever done on the Dan Bonino podcast. It's out there. Now, we talked about some of this stuff. I strongly encourage you guys to watch it. And before I go deeper into this stuff, I just want to congratulate my coworker at at now, coworkers. The first one I've had in the content side, Avita Duffy Talkers Magazine and others picked this up on Gino Report launches the early edition with Avita Duffy was a huge success. Thank you all UP ones for tuning in 75,000 views on yesterday's show.


5,000 people live. That is absolutely awesome. What's that? It's at Rumble dot com slash bonino report if you wanna tune in every day. So thank you so much. I want to get to that. 'cause we really love Avita. She's done a great job. So folks, to folks in Congress out there and people in the media demand a look right now at the CAT survey, the counter assault team survey, the Counter Sniper survey, the SOD surveys, they will give up everything. They're, they're not classified anymore. They can blurt out names and other things like that. That's fine. They can, they can black 'em out. The survey's not classified anymore. The sites already happen. This is in a national apocalyptic tragedy that needs to be prevented.


Think about what I just said this, if we don't change this, it's going to happen again. They are lying and the trajectory, they're lying. Marries up with the story I just told you. Oh, the local PD did it. Really? You're throwing them under the bus. You guys should have checked. Oh, we're not throwing 'em under the bus. It was a sloped roof, really? It was a sloped roof. That's interesting because the other CS teams were on roofs that had an even bigger slope. They're bullshitting you. They're lying And. They're destroying this agency Cocaine gate, the January 6th text. They are absolutely decimating and destroying this agency. Someone said to me in the chat, thank you. Don't thank me.


I appreciate it. I love you all. You're my friends. You're my brothers and sisters, 160,000 people here with me right now. But you don't have to thank me. The truth matters. And I'm telling you the truth right now. And I say, please, local media, please start running with this story. I can't be the only one driving the news cycle here. It's gotta be you as well, because we gotta keep Donald Trump alive. You know Joe. If Joe Biden's safety's at risk too. I don't care if you're a diehard democrat. If the Secret Service has inadequate security plannings and a failed director, that guy's at risk too. Folks. All the right people, if You know what I mean and wrong people, they can't stand Donald Trump and JD Vance.


They hate him so much. And I wanted to start out the show today with something a little different on this. We have got to keep these two men alive. It is insane. We're having this conversation. I want you to listen to this guy. I, I honestly really can't stand this guy. Yuval Harri, big globalist. WEF loves this guy. All of the people you dislike, the anti nationalists who think nationalism is some form of racism and think you should sideline the United States to a new global order. I want you to listen very clearly to this minute of Yuval Hara talking about why Donald Trump is such a threat. And this is making me really suspicious about this whole plot to take him out.


Check this out. You concern that Trump might be elected again shortly. I I think it's very likely. Mm. And if it happens, it is likely to be the kind of likely the death blow to what remains of the global order. And he says it and he says it openly. Now, again, it should be clear that many of these politicians, they present a false, the omi, a false binary vision of the world as if you have to choose between patriotism and globalism, between being loyal to your nation and being loyal to some kind of, I dunno, global government or whatever, Folks, we came within millimeters possibly less of losing our best hope of breaking up this, this new flow.


Fae globalism. I say fae because they, they're painting it out to be globalism as if we're all gonna sit around a campfire with shared values roast in freaking s'mores. Are you shitting me, bro? When is that ever happen? The, the entire history of humankind and homo sapiens has been a battle for scarce resources in one tribe against the next. Are you freaking stupid? What are you rewriting the cosmos? That's not how any of this shit works. We protect our nation first. I got nothing against other countries or other people. I visit 'em, they've all been nice to me. But we take care of us. We don't take care of other people first. And Donald Trump is the single biggest threat to that. That's why you hear shit like this all the time.


He's a threat to the global order. Good brother. Good. I'm, that's, that makes me really excited to vote for him. Now, you may have seen this, you may have seen this animation. I'm gonna vo it in a second here. Voiceover. It's kind of industry. Look at this. Do you've seen this? Look, Watch, Play it. Again, this is an animation of how close we came to losing President Trump on the stage. For those of you listening on audio, it's a, hold on one second before you play it again. It's a side by side. You're hearing Donald Trump's voice slowed down for a reason. It is a side by side, piece by piece comparison.


One using animation, one using the actual footage, using the 3D animation of how close these three rounds came to penetrating the skull of Donald Trump and unquestionably killing him. We came within millimeters, Ladies and gentlemen, of losing our best hope. Watch this again. Look at these rounds. Take a look what happened. Watch the turn. Look at that. Here's the other one. Now look at a third one. The third one based on that animation and hat tip, by the way, at Point Consciousness via TikTok. Good job on that. That third one there. The third one was the one that missed by about, I don't know, two inches, maybe three inches.


The other ones, one did miss hit 'em in the ear? And I mean, we're talking about millimeters to the, to the right on this round. If you look at that animation, and we're having an entirely different conversation right now, then you get morons and tools like Michael Steele, who shamefully used to run the RNC an absolute tool bag. Did you hear him this morning on M-S-N-B-C? Questioning whether he was hit by a bullet or hit by a glass bro. Number one, what does it even matter? A bullet was shot, even if it one, it did hit him. But if it didn't and it hit a piece of glass that sharded his ear off and could have penetrated his eye and killed him.


What's your freaking point? Asshole? Oh, it'd be so much better. A piece of glass that got in his eye and killed him and he bled to death. What a piece of shit. These people are freaking worthless folks. Dana White summed it up best. Dana White, the head of the UFC's been a loyal friend to Donald Trump, a loyal friend of ours, a loyal friend to Rumble. I love Dana White. He did an appearance on the Pat McAfee show. I'm gonna take a quick break. I'm gonna get to that in a second. You don't wanna miss this because he freaking nailed it. This thing went viral. He's our best shot right now. And this dude is a badass man. You don't get up from nearly getting shot in the head and getting a piece of your ear shot off and start screaming fight if you don't got freaking balls of steel titanium.


Hey, today we have one of our newest sponsors on the show, burnout. When it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. I'm a huge Second Amendment advocate, but it helps to have a non-lethal option out there. Just imagine this, right? An imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if there are a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force? Well, you have it now. Burnout, B-Y-R-N-A. They have a non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo. And it can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. We just need protection to ensure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I've trained with firearms my entire life and lemme tell you, the pistol burner sent me. He is one of the easiest to use and operate. If you don't own this fi, own a firearm. This is a really great option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit bya b yna.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's B yna.com/dan. Excuse me. Check out burnout. You won't regret it.


I gotta get a cough button eventually. Most professionals have that, but I'm the most unprofessional professional ever, so I've never done it. Jim was like, you need to cough. I'm like, yeah, we just cough on the air. It sounds more natural, probably driving everyone crazy. I want you to listen to this. This is why the left is now really pissed. And you're seeing lunatics like Michael Steele, fake Republican coming out with things like, well, was he really shy Joy Reed? Well, is he a victim now? A victim? He was almost killed, asshole. I mean, a freaking 2, 2, 3 round zipped off the top of his ear. Can we at least shut up about what happened and stick to fighting him on the issues? Of course we can't 'cause we're dealing with communists. This is what they're pissed off about. Here's Dana White on the Pat McAfee show and a clip that went, absolutely nuclear folks.


Listen, snapshots and sound bites. Sound bites matter. Check this out. How is he And what does your week look like? And was there ever a thought of him gonna UFC Denver? No. He was never going to UFC Denver. I wasn't even in, I was on a plane to Italy. So he, he wouldn't go to the UFC unless I was there, number one. Number two, I've been saying this forever about this guy. He is one of the toughest, most resilient human beings that I have ever met in my life. And let me tell you what, everybody wants to act like a tough guy, right? Everybody wants to act like a tough guy. Well, when the shit goes down, you find out who, who tough guys are and who tough guys are not.


This guy is the legitimate, ultimate American badass of all time. You know, a guy takes a shot at him, he goes down, he stands up, and then he starts chanting to the crowd and And, you know, fight, fight, fight. I, I, I literally was blown away. I I called him as soon as I landed. I called him and he answered. And he was already home from the hospital. And we talked for like 30 minutes. Pat, I just fucking, I'm telling you, I have never known a human being like this in my life. He is literally one of the toughest, most badass guys of, of all time. Ladies and gentlemen.


I hate when we have to have these conversations about politics. but I was on Ben Shapiro's show today. And I, I said, listen, politics is a projection of power. That is what politics is. It's using a structure in place. We call the Constitution to project power and get things done. Correct politics. We, if they are going to use this moment to destroy Donald Trump, then we should tell the truth about it and let people see who Donald Trump really is. And the projection of power involves two specific marketing vehicles. I've said it over and over folks in the chat. What are they? They are snapshots and soundbites.


That's what the projection of power and the political process is from the marketing side. Photos and soundbites. That is it. That is it. The people reading white papers, maybe it's a lot of you, God, my friend James here, maybe it's him. He's into politics. They're already voting Republican. They're not convincible. And I don't mean that in a bad way. The people who are independents out there who have jobs, I'm not knocking them. They go to work. They're UPS drivers, railroad workers. They have time to read freaking white papers. They're making the country run. They see snapshots and sound bites. That snapshot of Donald Trump with his fist in the air, Ladies and gentlemen, probably the most powerful snapshot we're ever gonna see in modern politics and soundbites like that from the great Dana White are what's go, what are going to alter independence minds about who Donald Trump really is.


I'm Mar listen man market flag it. Now getting back to what I talked to at the beginning of the show. 'cause I promise you, I wouldn't leave this dangling out there. Why in the hell wasn't that rooftop where the shooter engaged from tactically? Why wasn't a Secret Service uniform division counter sniper team there? Why? Why did we rely on local assets who apparently, according to reports, did not make it onto the rooftop and we never checked it? Well, the great Susan Crabtree highly, highly recommend to follow at Susan Crabtree on X, she has been all over Secret Service failings for years.


You're not gonna find a better reporter. She says resource questions have been popping up. Why did they not have a counter sniper team from the Secret Service? Crabtree's told that the Secret service managers signed off on only two CS teams for the Butler rally. The US spokesman is yet to dispute this, although he readily tried to dispute my assertion that resources were diverted from Trump to Jill Biden. You can read the rest of the tweet there. It's a lengthy one, but it's a good one. Folks, let me tell you something. If it turns out that Jill Biden, doctor Jill Biden, prominent neurosurgeon, she's up there with Ben Carson, folks You know how many brains she's cracked open and operated on.


It's amazing, amazing. If it turns out that Dr. Jill Biden with a threat footprint, one to 10 being about a six, based on my professional experience, was given more CS teams at a smaller event with a lesser threat footprint than Donald Trump, who's a 10 on a threat matrix, 10 out of 10. And he was only given two teams. Then again, folks, people need to, people be, need to be investigated here for potential criminal negligence. That's how bad this is at the management level and the lying.


Get them all on the record and under oath, and please, I'm begging you guys as friends, please up there in Congress, anyone doing this investigation, get your hands on the Counter Sniper survey and the counter assault team survey from the Secret Service today. If that thing was supposed to be, man, it'll be lined out right there on the paper and there'll be no disputing it. You can stick it in the director's face and say you are lying about the sloped roof. You're making that up folks. A lot of these security decisions like prominent neurosurgeon, Dr.


Jill, getting more CS teams or potentially more assets than Donald Trump, despite a lower threat footprint. These are clearly political, not security decisions. Does anybody have an explanation? Otherwise? Hey, the threat's really high on our friend Jack. Okay, well, let's give him less assets than Jill, even though Jill doesn't have that high of a threat matrix profile. Why would you do that? Oh, Jill's married to the guy who's in charge of the agency Now that seems to me like a political decision, bro, because it is. Oh, they would never No, that's right. He said they would never do that. It's all on up and up folks.


Of course, the Secret Service director is lying. I'm telling you, she's not telling you the truth about this. I have it on firsthand resources. And as I said to these people, it is time for you to speak up. Life is calling. Pick up the phone. Big people do big things in big times. You need to do big things right now. Weak men create hard times. You've heard the expression. Strong men create good times. You want good times. It's time to do the right thing, not the easy thing. This director's an absolute failure. Do you see this Tweet by Alex Berenson? Many of you forget barely. Two months ago, a female Secret Service agent assigned to protect Kamala Harris had to be subdued by her colleagues because she suffered an apparent psychic break, a psychotic break on duty.


Ladies and gentlemen, what does this have to do with the Secret Service director Kim Cheadle? What if I told you that that particular agent who was graduated, despite what multiple reports have been, let's just say some troubles that the director of the Secret Service Training Center, the SAC special agent in charge, you're never gonna believe it was who? Yes, Kim Cheadle. So now the current secret service director can't find the January 6th text. Lost him. Can't seem to find who planted cocaine in a plastic non-porous baggie at the White House was the sack of the training division when they graduated a student and put her near the vice president and had some kind of a meltdown.


And we're all supposed to celebrate Kim Cheadle. Even the pipe bomb Sweep. I I I missed the pipe bomb on the sweep correct? At the, at the D nnc Kam LAIs. Good point, Jim. This is, this is all acceptable. Take one last break. And then I got a CBS report coming up about exactly this. That is going to cook your muffins and bake your bagels. This woman doesn't belong anywhere near a Protectee or the United States Secret Service folks.


Keek sleep. Getting a good night's sleep is really important. Your overall wellness. I gotta tell you, Paul, I've been getting a good night's sleep here, right, because I'm on a hotel mattress. I hate him. I sleep on a helix. I love my helix mattress. I'm sleeping and feeling better every day. The Helix lineup has 20 unique mattresses. They're award-winning lux and Ultra Premium Elite collections. I have a midnight lux. I love it. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers helix kids mattresses are designed for those grown bodies. Take the Helix Sleep Quiz, find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. And your personalized mattress is ships straight to your door free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix Mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combo of comfort and support. Even better. The setup is fast and it's really easy. Helix is offering up to 30% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. It's a great deal. For our listeners, go to helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/dan. It's our best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts now.


And our last sponsor today, You know it. You love it. Who would, who is it? It's Blackout. Coffee. Now I gotta tell you, I've been on the road. I haven't had my Blackout Coffee fixed in the morning. I've Paula, how was the coffee this morning? Water not good. It was water. It was brown water. I don't like brown water. 'cause brown water sucks. So I drink Blackout Coffee, which is not brown water. It's bold freaking coffee. And what does it taste like? E Coffee. Coffee. Thank you Jim. Gee, totally fumbled the football. It tastes like freaking coffee. Coffee. I don't wanna drink your brown water. I don't wanna drink it. I wanna drink coffee. Gimme coffee. Give me coffee. Go to Blackout Coffee. That was not in the read folks at all. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com. He's like, why do we even do this there? Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order, the official Coffee of the Bongino Army. Check 'em out today.


All right, back to the show. Got a special guest coming on for you. We don't usually do this on podcast, but I wanna play for you. First is CBS clip. I want you to listen very closely who the secret service Director is now January 6th. Text can't find them. Cocaine Gate can't find them. That secret Service trainee who made it through. Nobody wants to tell the story there. The assassination attempt, the pipe bomb. This woman is a total failure. No c-suite would continue to hire this woman as the CEO or the chairman. Zero. Listen to this CBS report in case you think I'm making any of this up. Check this out. Ready. She would know the 28 year veteran was on the team that evacuated Vice President Dick Cheney on nine 11.


And she served on then Vice President Biden's Protective Detail. He named her director in mid 2022 amid a swirl of controversy over the agency, deleting nearly all of its text messages from January 6th. The agency says that was due to a data migration system. Migrations happened. but I think for a lot of Americans, it just doesn't pass the smell test given the timing and the volume of messages deleted. Well, it's unfortunate that that would be the assumption that people would make. Our integrity is everything. And there was nothing nefarious attached To that. Their integrity has been put to the test Folks. Even CBS News doesn't believe the story about the text. How bad does it gotta be?


This is a first folks, we don't do this often. A very special guest on the show today, especially on the podcast. But this is gonna be a, a treat for you. Speaker Mike Johnson is joining us on the podcast. Sir, thank you so much for spending some time. We really appreciate it. Hey my friend. Great to see you. It's good to see you too. Especially here at the RNC first. I, I, I, I wanna just discuss the tragedy that happened this weekend. Something I wish I didn't have to talk to you about then. I just wanna, I just wanna get to the RNC environment in general. 'cause it's very electric here, despite what happened, which is incredible. But congressional oversight obviously is your thing. Todd. Logically, I wanna, I had a conversation with Jim Jordan yesterday. There are obviously gonna be hearings on this. You being the speaker You know you're in charge.


Are we gonna keep this focused? 'cause my fear here is that, as you've seen in the past with some of these other hearings, and I'm, I'm not talking about you specifically. I've actually been with you at hearings. When, when, when you were a member, just a regular member there. Are we gonna keep this focused and, and, and, and, and question oriented and no filibuster or anything. This is not a partisan affair At all. No, it's a great point, Dan. And we're gonna do something very different here. I announced just this morning, about an hour ago, I'm gonna take the reins of this thing and we're gonna set up a task force, a precision kind of strike on this. It doesn't need to be the normal committee process. You know how those things get bogged down. This is really serious stuff, as you've noted. Life or death. We gotta get the answers to this quickly.


And if we don't, people are gonna begin to make up their own mind about things that might have been going on there. And I think that's really dangerous. Obviously there was extraordinary lapses of security and terrible mistakes here that had been made. They need to be admitted to. We need to get accountability and we need to move forward and make sure it doesn't happen again. So setting up a task force is the way to do that. We'll have subpoena authority for this. It'll be a small group of members who have background and expertise like yours, people who are special ops, who understand what should have happened there and what didn't. And and it'll be Republican and Democrat. We'll move forward. We'll do it quickly in a streamlined fashion. We, we don't have reams of documents here. This is one event, one finite set of facts. We gotta get down to the bottom of it and do it quickly. A speaker, Mr.


Speaker, this is, this is a, a non part, I don't wanna say Biden. This is a non-partisan affair. I was interviewing Tucker last night on the podcast in a primetime special. And listen, he brought up something interesting. Democrats have security too. Yes. President Biden, his entire team. I mean, you have the NSA National Security Director. You have a, a very talented team of capital police security agents here today. I've worked with them in the past. I went to a, a surveillance school with a bunch of really talented guys. We're just human beings. You've got a family too. You don't, you don't wanna get hurt. I mean, are are you sensing, and and please give my audience a skinny on this, are you sensing that even the Democrats, 'cause Jim Jordan had seemed to allude to the fact that even the Democrats seem to be, at least in the beginning of this, concerned like, eh, we can't have this.


Like this is, this is not our thing. Yes, It's a great point. I mean, this is not a partisan issue. It shouldn't be. I mean, we have to make sure that we have a secret service that does its job and does it well. And every member of Congress and every obviously every president, every administration has direct interest in that. I spoke to my, my the Democrat leader in the House, Hakeem Jeffries yesterday. Hakeem is a very even keeled You know, steady minded guy. And he has the same concerns and he agrees that it needs to be bipartisan And. they want to get down to the bottom of it as well. So I, I think that's what you'll see. I think you'll see a cooperative investigation. That's what is necessary right now. That's what the country demands and deserves. Yeah. Well now, speaker, I, I appreciated you coming on my radio show. you know, we disagreed on FISA.


Everyone can go and listen to that. I don't wanna re-litigate that entire thing today. But from a global picture on that, are you disturbed by the fact that the FBI, again, is asking for all these resources, which many Republicans said, okay, fine. And how do they keep missing the threats? Steve Scalise, Brett Kavanaugh. Now this abomination, I mean, what's next? I mean, at some point somebody's going to have to answer for this. That if we're going to install the surveillance apparatus, then can we add a minimum intercept? At least one of these things. I mean, this is a really, really serious threat. Well, your colleague Steve Scalise, I mean, came within seconds of bleeding out on a baseball Field. The FBI has been corrupted from bad leadership.


It's not the field agents. We always specify, and you clarify as well, it's not these loyal, patriotic people who are serving out in the field. It's the people who are making the decisions at the top. When we did do the FISA bill, we added 56 key reforms. Jim Jordan helped lead and draft and the judiciary committee, everybody put together to ensure that these abuses can't happen again with regard to surveillance, of course, the, the purpose of the program is in its title of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Surveillance Act. It's surveilling known threats and known terrorists. And I, I can't reveal classified information right now, but I spoke last night with the Director of National Intelligence in that office. I've spoken to Secretary Mayor Orkis, who had no answers. But we have used our capabilities to uncover some plots that were against President Trump and, and some current figures right now.


It, the system does work when it's used properly. The abuses are what we have to prevent. And we put in 56 safeguards to make sure that doesn't happen. If somebody uses that database to query an American or go after an American and violate their due process rights or their fourth Amendment rights, they will be prosecuted. They go to jail for 10 years. So there's a real deterrence in the, in the law now. Well, We had a pretty vigorous conversation about that. Yeah. On the show. I encourage everyone to listen again. I appreciate you coming on. Yeah. Can I ask as a personal favor, in a man who worked presidential protection for Democrats and Republicans, my sources are unimpeachable sources feeding me information from the top. It emerged last night. I put it out on my show right before you came on, that, that post on that roof where that attacker was and engaged with President Trump and nearly killed them, was supposed to be posted up by a local counter surveillance asset.


The asset did not make it to the roof, apparently posted up on the second floor. Instead, now it's up to the Secret Service to check that they didn't, it is ultimately their responsibility. But the special operations division surveys, Mr. Speaker, the, the the Counter Sniper survey, which is paper and email generated, and the CAT survey, counter assault team survey will indicate if that was a post. If that's a post, somebody's lying. Because then Kim Cheadle, the secret service director who said, oh, we didn't put someone up there because of the slope of the roof like this. Crazy, this is an OSHA violation. It's crazy. She's now lying. And if, and, and can I ask him if, if you get that paperwork and it shows what my sources are telling me are true, there should be a push for her to resign immediately for misleading Americans.


I called for her resignation this morning. I've seen enough already. Good, good. But we're after that. And thanks for digging it up. I, the first question I asked was most obvious, I don't have a background in special ops. I'm a constitutional law attorney. but I asked Mayorca Saturday night within hours of the event. One quick question. The obvious one, my sons were asking me, Mr. Secretary, where were the drones? Like Yes, that's right. Look, I had this question for, for you. You're right. Where was the aerial Surveillance? Is that not standard Practice wife? I found a drone Mr. Speaker for 39.99 on Amazon. Right. We're spending $6 trillion. We can't buy the Secret Service. Some darn Drones. My teenage son would've volunteered his, I'm like, wouldn't a drone? I've seen somebody on a roof. And he, mayor Yorkist did not know the answer to that question on Saturday night. Now, look, I understand he wasn't in charge of the operation and all that, but come on.


I mean, there were serious lapses here. And you don't have to have Dan Binos resume to understand that something, something is amiss. My wife's A web developer. She's like, Dan. Right. They didn't have a drone. Right. I I, I live in this community in, in, in Stewart, Florida. There were drones flying around all the time. I wife, I mean, it's just, it's unforgivable. Let me move on to a couple other things. You're here at the RNC. You're out there on the floor. We've been in here broadcasting. We're gonna go to the floor for the speech on Thursday. But have you, have you sensed that? Like I, I know they become tropes and cliched and I hate that, but there really is a, a palpable energy. I I didn't feel it in 2020. We had Covid going on. It was a vir Remember the virtual thing they did. Oh yeah. It just, it was this sense of just that everything was macabre and we, we tried to light it up.


President Trump gave a great speech, but that's not the case. I mean, Paul and I have been walking by the bridge and people are stopping us or excited and want to take selfies and everything. And I go to a lot of events. The excitement here, I think people sense that this could be, I don't You know no red wave talk. You and I have had no landslide talk. No, don't blow it folks. Get out there and vote. but I think people sense that there's some real change coming here. Something is happening in America and it is different. It's different than at any moment that I've ever been involved in politics in my life. I'm traveling around. The speaker's job when we're not in session is to go around the country and go campaign with our incumbents and the challenges that we recruited to flip the blue seats to red. So I've been north, so west, I've done events in 144 cities in 31 states in the last seven months.


And we're seeing a demographic shift in the country. We have a record number of Hispanic and Latino voters coming to the Republican side. We have record number of black voters, African Americans. We have the Jewish community is so energized. 'cause they know that Joe Biden and the Democrats abandoned Israel And. they have. So you have all these dynamics going on. Then you have the debate, which was seismic. Right, Right. Then the Jack Smith, I mean, Then the Jack Smith thing. Then, then the failed assassination attempt we're In. Then he gets up and screams fight in the greatest, most iconic snapshot of all time. It's, you can't, I mean, this is like, you couldn't script this. It, there's, there's something providential happening here. And I've spoken to President Trump about this at great length. You know, I was reminded you're an amateur historian. Like I am You know. Remember we used to talk about the very Amateur, well, okay, very amateur.


Well, You, you play one on, on tv. But I'm Believer in Jesus Christ. Like That's Right. That's that. I'm not An average amateur. That's main thing. But but speaking of that, so our first president, George Washington, was called the Bulletproof President. Right. And the famous story, the French and Indian War, when he goes through the barrage of gunfire at the ambush in the forest in 1755, he emerges, two horses are shot out from beneath him. He takes a third one, finishes the battle, he's an army colonel. He gets off, takes off his coat. He is got four bullet holes in his, in his vest. And he wasn't hit. So he writes to his family and he says, the divine hand. And providence spared me on this day. He had more to do clearly. So I was, after Saturday night, after we knew Trump was okay, I was, I was reminded of the Bulletproof George Washington story. I went back, got the history book, started reading, and I went, oh my gosh. That event took place, Stan 47 miles from where Donald Trump was shot.


Wow. Also, in July, there in Pennsylvania, I relayed the story to the president. I said, look, you, you, no one can deny this. Our atheist friends will not be able to deny that this is a miraculous thing. That God has providentially spared you. And he clearly has something for you to do. This is a big moment in the country. They Will, I mean, they're, they're actually making fun of us for saying things like this. Let 'em make fun, Dan. The people are with us. They get us. Does Independent Middle America sees. Exactly. We played an animation before millimeters changed the entire course of American and global politicalism. A hundred percent. You can't, by The way, we're, we're in the largest stream in the world right now. 182,000 people watching. So this is a good chance to get the message out. Let me ask you one last question and I'll let you go. I've been generous with your time. My listeners are very, very, very concerned about mail-in voter fraud.


Yeah. It's a, a subject that's been highlighted repeatedly by the left. I, I know you think I'm crazy, but go out and look. The article up a 2012 article by the New York Times when absentee balloting was primarily Republican in the swing state of Florida military and older folks. The New York Times was very concerned about fraud. They wrote an entire piece saying, error and rejection rates are double for mail-in balloting we're stuck with it with this election. I get it. But if you remain the speaker and you have say a say, we pick up 10 more seats, no red wave talk. It's forbidden. But say it happens and we have a good day, 10, 15, maybe more, who knows? And we get back to Senate. Can you assure the listeners that this will be one of the top priorities to do something nationally to clean up this mess, which we can't do anything about state elections, but federal, we can clean this disaster up.


We've already started, we passed the save act as You know. I know, yeah. Two weeks ago. And Biden's Already said he would, He said, veto, which is a crazy Dan, wait, tell Them what the Save Act says. 'cause it's so Simple. It's very simple. So here's the thing for background. All these illegals are coming into the country. I think it's 16 million illegals that have come across since Joe Biden opened it. Why? They did it intentionally. We know that. We've all talked about it. Why? Because they wanna turn 'em into voters. Here's the proof. So the save act says when they, when all these people come into the country, the, the administration through the NGOs, ships 'em all around the country. Planes, trains, and automobiles. Then they send the receipts and we all pay for it. Taxpayers fund this when they get to the local community, the administration and people down the chain say, Hey, head as soon as possible to the welfare office so you can sign up for taxpayer benefits.


Well, here's the thing. When you go to do that, they also give you a form because of the motor voter registration laws in the early nineties. Right. Do you wanna register to vote? Right. All you gotta do is check one little box that says, I'm a US citizen. This is the outrageous thing. Right now, under federal law, the states are prohibited from a requiring proof of citizenship. You can't, they're prohibited. They can't, they can't ask. There's federal courts have interpreted, It's Suicidal. It's madness. So all they gotta do is check the box, Dan. If one out of a hundred or one out of a thousand of 16 million illegals participate in the election, they can throw a congressional race. The majority in the house. And, and maybe the presidential in the right states. so we passed this very fundamental piece of legislation that says, yes, the states have to require proof of citizenship for The states. Nothing remotely controversial.


Good grief. And hey, check your voter rules and make sure they haven't already en enlisted. 'cause we know that some have. The few states that have done audits have already found it. So 198 Democrats in the house voted against that legislation. There's not a more common sense simple piece of legislation. How Many voted? Four? Four. Was It four? Five. Five voted in favor. Five. 'cause they're terrified they're gonna lose their seats. These people, this is crazy. And we're gonna make it famous. We passed it outta the house. We sent it to the Senate. We're we're asking everyone, all the 180,000 people who are watching and listening, and those listen later prevail upon your Democrat senators. If you're in one of those states that they must bring the save act up for a vote. Schumer has to bring it up and we'll push it to Joe Biden's desk and make him sign it. It's the only way to truly secure the elector.


And, And you're relatively confident that if we can get majorities in both, we'll still need some on the Senate side, maybe a little help, but with political pressure from the hopefully a Trump White House. Knock on wood. Yeah. That we can get this done. 'cause it could change the entire A hundred percent. Look in the, we're gonna have a very aggressive first a hundred days agenda for the Congress. We're laying out the playbook right now. 'cause we gotta, we're not putting the cart before the horse. Can I ask you that one last thing? I'm sorry. I promise I'll let you go. Sure. So I'm actually running outta time too. I gotta do the radio show in a little bit. But this is good. I I I don't wanna phrase this the wrong way because I wanna say I'm not trying this only, but this is gonna all be done professionally. Correct. We're the the blueprint is already being laid out. Yes. So we're not coming in there. Yes. you know, mish moshing stuff around. No, this guy wants to be on TV and this guy, like, we have an agenda.


No. Ready to rock and roll. Nonsense. No nonsense. Okay. I, I learned less. I came in freshman in 2017 when Trump came to Washington. I was a freshman in Congress. Sure. We squandered the first two and a half months of that congress because the Republican team wasn't ready to lead. They thought everybody thought Hillary was gonna be the President. So they didn't have the playbook ready. And I determined to myself and my classmates back then, man, if we're ever in charge, this is never gonna, we're gonna be prepared. Well, we didn't know that this would be the eventuality. So we're working right now, the Republicans in the Senate and the House working together on a unified agenda to be ready to roll on day one and, and have a very aggressive a hundred day's agenda. The Trump administration's dialed in on it. Big priorities, big things we have to fix. And I told President Trump, I said, Mr. President, you could be the most consequential president of the modern era of, 'cause we gotta fix everything of, we gotta fix everything.


It's a mess. The agenda will drive that and ensure that we make history and we're gonna be ready. Mr. Speaker, thanks a lot for coming in. Thank I really Appreciate you. Welcome Back. Anytime. Thanks a lot. Speaker Mike Johnson, folks. so we, there we go. We talked Secret Service, the debacle that happened this weekend. We talked the, the new agenda, the energy at the RNC. That was, that was pretty thorough. We got to a lot of stuff there and we're gonna bring you the best interviews the rest of the week too. We had Congressman Lee Elden the other day. We had Mayor Rudy Giuliani Tucker last night. Don Jr. Tonight, by the way. Gee, I almost forgot to make the quick announce. Sorry about the quick adjustments folks. We're not typically, we don't typically do a lot of interviews on the podcast, as you can tell. Thank you.


Gee. But my team is on the ball. Yeah. Right. Tonight at tonight is Paula at 6:00 PM Local 7:00 PM Eastern. I have two great guests for you, again, for our primetime special. If you wanna listen tonight, Anita and the groin, spread the word Rumble dot com slash bongino, 6:00 PM Local 7:00 PM Eastern. I have the great Jack po Soc and Mike Davis. He is the best commentator out there on Lawfare. He's one of the two mikes, I call him Mike Ben's on the deep state. Mike Davis on Lawfare. Gonna be about 45 minutes to an hour. We're gonna split it up between these two fantastic guests. So don't forget that. It's gonna be really good. Hey, we got that Tucker clip from last night.


'cause I don't wanna leave without, without getting this out there folks, there's going to be a new narrative going forward that you're seeing kind of a little feeler going out right now on, they're gonna try to cover for this. Michael first put up the CNN headline about the Iran thing. I wanna put this headline up and you folks in the chat, tell me how they're gonna try to cover this up now. Okay. Because there's gonna be an October surprise, right? CNN Politics. Oh look, a convenient leak. Just yesterday, secret Service ramped up security after getting intel of the Iranian Plot to assassinate Trump. no known connection to shooting. Really, this is new. The Iranian plot to assassinate Donald Trump, John Bolton and Mike Pompeo.


Hey Michael, can you pull up that DOJ press release from August of 2022? Before I get to this Tucker Club, I wanted to show you something, folks. That's bullshit. Not that the plot's real the Iranians did, and do wanna kill Pompeo, Bolton, and Trump. I'm telling you it's real. I have from sources, it's real, but it's not new. CNN broke this yesterday, I believe, for a reason. DOJ press release, member of Iran's IRGC, charged with a plot to murder, former national security advisor. Look at the date, folks. August 10th, 2022. This is not new, so why release it yesterday? Why release a plot about the Iranians wanted to kill Donald Trump?


Does it have anything to do with this conversation I had with Tucker Carlson last night? Tucker seems to be onto something, which I agree with. Maybe the distraction. The October surprise gonna be an attack on the Iranians, and this story was kind of the perfect precursor to do it. Check this out. There's been an October surprise every midterm and election since 2016. Any idea about what it could be this time around I mean? it could be anything from Donald Trump's handing Ukraine to Trump because he's him and Don Jr. Working on a real estate project. He be like, really? When did that, I mean, any idea what that could be? I have no idea. All I know is, and I didn't know this till this morning, that actually it was Iran that tried to kill Trump the other day. Yeah, amazing.


It Was Iran. He looked, He looked around. Isn't it incredible, by the way, how that leaked? I, I think it was the Iranian. He Said how that Leaked You know, I have felt for many years that the real threat to me was wrong. And they're always calling me racist and flooding my country with illegal aliens. They're fentanyl and yeah, what's the October surprise? Of course, it's war. Probably war with Iran, but I still don't think, and I'm totally opposed to that actually. And I'm not pro Iran, but I Iran is irrelevant to the country that I live in, which is collapsing in a lot of ways that have nothing to do with Iran. So don't tell me Iran is the biggest problem, okay? Or Putin is the biggest problem. That's not true. I live here. That's not true. Those may be problems or whatever. You know. You can worry about that, but those are not the pressing problems.


And anyone who tells you they are the pressing problems is a liar. Yeah, a BI still don't think they can cheat Biden in because it's just so obviously false. No one will ever believe in democracy again. Biden is non-comp menace. He appears to have Parkinson's or some neurological, but that's obvious. It's not even debated anymore. And Trump has got shot in the face and stood up, like pushed off the secret service to stand with blood streaming at his face and said, fight. That's the leader. That's the comatose patient. There's no way you can do that, right? It's not just in America, but to the world. Not one person on the entire planet. Billions of people will believe that. Isn't that a convenient narrative, folks?


Let's hope that my batting average by Michael, what's my batting average on conspiracy theories? Still a thousand. Let's hope I'm wrong. They're gonna start a war with Iran and go, look, they were trying to kill President Trump and this is what we did. We're so strong. You heard it here first, folks. You heard it here first. Hey, listen, I, I just wanna put this out there for the chat guys. And ladies, you're my brothers and sisters, And, you know, we speak truth to power. And if you heard our last interview on this exact topic, hey, Senator Ron Johnson over there, You know we drew that, but it's really important we have people in the party we disagree with on the show, especially in prominent positions of power. I get it. A lot of you all, and I certainly object to his position on Pfizer.


You can listen to my whole spirit and interview about that. I also object to a lot of the positions on Ukraine. But if you and I, this is the power base, we're the news. Now. If we're not getting our thoughts out to these guys, then frankly the projection of power part is useless. I hope you all understand that it is in critical that we get our thoughts and earworms in their ears. So I hope you all understand that there's a reason I make these decisions and they're not by accident. All right folks, thanks again so much for tuning in. Please tonight join us tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern, 6:00 PM local, another hour primetime special. The great Jack Poso Byc and Mike Davis will be back here on the radio at Rumble in a little bit, Rumble dot com slash bino in just a few minutes for another three hours.


And then we'll re wash wrench, repeat tomorrow. Thank you all. 183,000. Hey Chris, are you here? Where's Chris? Is he around? Are we the, oh, someone checks streamed. I think we're the biggest stream in the world. Again, 'cause you all, 'cause you kick ass and take names. God bless you. I love you. See you in a little bit on the radio show. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.