
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Haley. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry If you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley, I'll see you there.


Hey, good morning. Great to have you with us on VINCE. If you're watching us live@rumble.com slash VINCE, or listening on the podcast, always appreciate the best damn audience in all of media. Great to have you with us today. And the big item today, Dan Bonino has been at the fbi I for just over a month now. Is it time to start panicking? Hell no. All the details coming up on VINCE, can't wait to get into them. Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome to the Rumble Chat. Good morning everyone. Nice to see everybody here as always. Yes, I do wanna unpack a lot of what's going on right now. A lot of online chat. Everyone's always chattering online and a lot of kind of chicken, little horse crap going on about, oh no.


Oh, oh. Dan has been turned. Dan is a, is a bad guy now. He's, he's, he's collapsed under pressure. Yeah. Okay. We'll go through all of the details, everything we know and what we have to look forward to. The great Jim Verde, You know, producer Jim who now produces the VINCE show each day from 12 to three nationwide. Jim Verde weighed in on all of this this week and said, Hey everyone, slow your role. I've got something to say about all this. I'll get to that in just a moment. It's gonna be good. It's gonna be very, very good.


Before we get into the meat of the program today, I gotta thank the sponsors who make it all possible. You know, the original promise of the internet was to provide a virtual world of equals free from the dictates of government and business. We're far from that original promise, aren't we? We've got big tech companies that aren't just advertising for other big businesses, but they're controlling the things that you see to try and control your mind and sway your vote. But there's a way to take back control, and that's with Express VPN. You see, every time you go online, your internet service providers actually tracking and creating a profile based on everything you do. Data brokers then sell your profile to whomever is willing to pay for it, advertisers and even government agencies. But with Express VPN 100% of my online traffic travels through secure encrypted servers so nobody can watch what I do, not even my internet provider Express PN also hides your IP address, that number that identifies you online. Express VPN is very easy to use. It just takes one click And it works on all of your devices. Right now. You can get up to four months free If you go to express vpn.com/ VINCE. That's X-P-R-E-S-S-V-P n.com. That's X exp, RES svpn.com/ VINCE for an extra four months free.


As always, Great to have you with us today. If you are complaining about Cash Patel and Dan Bungee, and I'm here with a simple message today, very simple. See If you can write this down. Grab a pencil, stop your bitching, stop it. You're ridiculous. You're absolutely ridiculous. Think about the world that we are in right now. The world if, if you've been, if you're the kind of person who's watched Dan Bonino for years, or anybody else who's taken the abuses at the FBI, seriously, what is the indictment of that agency? Well, it's filled with rank corruption and people who are working against the American people and who are trying to stop justice from prevailing.


So imagine if you're a Cash Patel or a Dan Bonino and you arrive at this place, a place with 40,000 employees, many of whom have have it out for the American people and are perfectly comfortable living in this world of the deep state where they're not responsive to the voters and have been for years. In other words, you've got a massive mess to untangle a massive, massive mess. And it would be a catastrophic mistake If you just started Kool-Aid manning through every wall and thinking you were gonna solve everything immediately. We, let me just remind you of the timeline here.


Lemme remind you of the timeline. Do You know when Cash Patel was sworn in as the FBI director? It was February 21st. February 21st. So that puts us at just over two months now that he's been the director of the FBI as of today's April 24th. Meanwhile, you had, you had Dan Bonino arrive on the 17th of March, meaning we're just over one month that that man has been in that role. And during this time, let me just emphasize what the FBI has been doing because there's been a lot of this bitching and Mo, what is the FBI doing? What are they up to? How about this? How about I walk you very slowly and deliberately through everything and this is just, this is just, I, I just, it's some basic research on this.


We've been covering these things as they happen, but I'm just trying to pull all these strings together for you right now to take a look because, so we've got, we've got a lot of things one and here, well, I'll just, I'll, I'll just put my notes up on screen for you. Take a look at this. Look at this. So here we go. Quick review of Cash's tenure already. February 21st, cash Patel is sworn into the FBI cash. Patel is sworn in on that day within one week's time. The FBI had arrested a cartel drug, Lord, who had killed A DEA agent. They had Adam extradited from Mexico by March 4th, the FBI had taken the Abbey Gate terrorist into custody. You remember that big stop at Dulles Airport in, in the Washington DC area in Virginia.


They get this Abbey Gate terrorist and the FBI is taking him into custody by March 4th. By March 10th, cash is turning over hundreds of pages of documents. Dan Bonino is not even there yet. Cash is turning over hundreds of pages of documents to Congress, including on garland's, on Merrick Garland's School board member attacking parents and treating them as terrorists. And the January 6th pipe bomber, this is information that is being turned over to Congress by March 10th, just days after Cash. Patel was sworn into the FBI, the Transparency Initiative already underway. And in fact, those, those documents are being turned over to people like Jim Jordan and Chuck Grassley in the Senate.


So Cash has been doing that day after day after day. And then on March 10th, the FBI is launching investigations into internal leakers and saboteurs inside of their own agency. This is the post from Jerry Dunleavy. At the time Scoop the FBI has launched an internal investigation into dishonest leakers who pushed false information to the media and undermined the FBI's mission Probe could include phone seizures, polygraphs, criminal referrals, the FBI also canceled its Wall Street Journal subscription. Hilarious. That was a part of the cost saving initiatives of the United States government going on. Okay, and then what happened? Well then the FBI captured by March 20th, the FBI had captured three of the most wanted terrorists, most wanted criminals on the planet on the top 10 list.


And that was by March 20th. That was, well that wasn't very long into cash Patel's tenure at all. They're capturing all of these guys. Huh. Okay, well that's something, imagine If you and your buddies were told, Hey, go track down one of these guys. How would that go? Exactly. The FBI catching three of the top 10 most wanted since President Trump's inauguration by March 20th and then also on March 20th. And this, lemme pause on this one 'cause this is on the accountability front that I wanna talk about with you. A left wing FBI agent was charged for attempting to both steal and sell FBI secrets. Now, we talked about this at the time, we were one of the few media outlets that even talked about it all, A few spaces broadcast that talked about it.


But here, here you have a former agent, an FBI agent who stands accused by this cash Patel LED FBI of of disclosing secret FBI records, and then charging him an FBI agent who publicly accused the agency of pro-Trump bias. This is a left wing dude, pro-Trump bias. Come on please. He's been arrested and charged with disclosing confidential records after authorities say that he included those sensitive materials about investigations and informants into a draft of his memoir. In other words, he was looking to sell your secrets, the government's secrets in order to enrich himself.


His name is Jonathan Booma. He claimed in 2023 that the FBI went after Joe Biden's son Hunter, while stifling his own investigation of President Trump's ally, Rudy Giuliani. He was arrested at Kennedy Airport in New York as he was about to board a flight out of the country that was in on, that was late March that this occurred. Authorities said, so here you have a, a guy who was literally a part of that FBI, who was, they were, it's ridiculous. They weren't going after Hunter. They were facilitating a coverup of the Biden crime family. That's what was actually happening. And then, oh, my investigation into Rudy was being stifled.


If your investigation into Rudy was being stifled in the Biden era, that would be 2023. Well then the reason for that is because it was so crappy they couldn't hang their hat on it at all, which hasn't always stopped them in the past as you well know. So, so there you go. So you got that agent arrested, and then on March 20th, same day, it was a very busy March 20th, the FBI seized 150 kilos of narcotics in Houston, which is a nice achievement. And this was a just a massive, massive quantity of drugs that these guys are picking up. I'll take that win any day of the week to get these drugs off the street.


Again, that is just now that March 20th, that means it's less than a month into Cash. Patel being sworn into office. What else happening? March 24th, the FBI launches a task force to go after these Tesla terror attacks all across the country. March 26th, the FBI arrests 22 members of an entire narcotics ring in Texas connected to the cartels that same day, March 26th. The FBI instantly released upon congressional requests, long delayed documents from a 2017 Congressional baseball shooting. Remember that Grievously wounded Steve Scalise. And in fact, it was at this hearing at one of these hearings where Congress was so thrilled by the, by how quickly Cash Patel moved.


He got the request during the hearing. He released it during the hearing Yields. I just got notice that the baseball shooting report discussed by Vice Chairman Kelly earlier today has been delivered to our skiff. And I appreciate Director Patel, your responsiveness to that issue. Thank you so much for your commitment and the appropriate transparency demonstrated in that. We appreciate that very much. And so that request was made and then delivered in under two hours. In under two hours. Lemme just again, emphasize the ruthless efficiency here and the, and the utter radical transparency here going on that has not been going on at that FBI under the left's control.


So again, if you're gonna judge these guys, why don't we start with the basics of how much work they're actually putting in on our behalf. Okay, so they instantly released that information. And then on March 27th, the next day, the FBI arrested an MS 13 gang leader in Virginia as a part of their task force in Virginia to stop all of these gangsters. The FBI arrested a Tesla terrorist in Nevada that very same day by March 30th. The FBI picked up high ranking trend UA members. And that guy specifically in the last 24 hours was just hit for the first time with terrorism charges administered by the the United States Department of Justice.


Here is the update as it was posted by the FBI director Cash Patel last night, nine o'clock along with Attorney General Bondi. Tonight, I confirmed that Jose Enrique Martinez Flores, an allegedly high ranking member of Trenda Argo that was arrested by the FBI that was back in March, had his indictment unsealed. Today, the Justice Department is now officially charging him with support of a terrorist organization as well as drug trafficking with Attorney General Bonnie's leadership. These charges are a major step in breaking the operations of violent terrorist gangs and rooting them out of American communities. The FBI is letting good cops be cops. This is the result. So that's, that's the update there.


So they, they make the arrest, they unsealed the indictment last night, and now you're finding out now they're charging these guys as terrorists and appropriately. So that's what the president asked for, and that's what we're all getting. That's what we're all getting. Then April 2nd, We got a report that the first month of cash Patel's tenure, and remember at this point, Dan Bonino has joined. He joined on March 17th in the first month of Cass's tender. Now with Dan in the seat for just about a week and a half, they saw an explosion in FBI applications to join the bureau. The FBI was flooded with a record number of new agent applications. They saw over nearly 6,000 new agent applications in March alone and more than 10,000 since January.


That's when President Trump was inaugurated. This is meaningful. This means that we can clean out the rot and bring in new fresh blood that isn't corrupted by this, but instead is driven by duty, driven by the Trump administration being in place driven by a belief that the FBI that they'd like to join is gonna be a lot better than the one that they didn't join in the past. So that number as well stands out. Again, are you tired of this? Is, are the receipts too much? Am I, is this, is this too much? Should I skip this? Should we just not do the receipts here? I I do think it's probably worthwhile to get your bearings on what the hell's going on the Federal Bureau of Investigation and then the FBI starts arresting MS 13 gang leaders in New York on April 2nd, on April 4th.


The FBI is arresting more MS 13 gangsters on murder charges in Florida on April 9th. They, they intercept half a billion dollars in illegal narcotics. This is, look at this. So here's the number. Over a half billion dollars in drugs, intercepted and offloaded one of the most successful counter-narcotics efforts in American history. Massive, massive quantities of drugs that are not gonna be killing Americans. Now, as a result of all of this, then on April 10th, the FBI declassified and released, which we've gone over, we've gone over the details of this 700 pages of Crossfire hurricane documents.


Those are the Trump Russia collusion hoax documents that he released April 11th, the Russia Co. Now We got, now we pause again. This is on the accountability front. The Russian collusion hoaxer, Brian Otten was suspended by the FBI on April 11th. This is critical. Look here. Hans Hans Mankey with this, they, they talk about the New York Times, he talks about the New York Times and how they're covering all of this. But this guy, Brian Auten vetted the Carter Page warrant. In other words, he allowed an American veteran, a Trump campaign member to be spied, spied upon illegally.


He co he rafted the fraudulent intelligence community assessment about the Trump ministry, about the Trump campaign. He concealed the Dan Chanko that Dan Chanko disavowed steal. In other words, steal sources were garbage. And the, and the the government knew it. He concealed Dan KO's existence and he was a central player in the framing of General Mike Flynn. This is one to watch. I'm telling you right now, this guy Brian Auten, watch his name. Keep it in your mind as they go on. And, and because this is a, this is a key and central figure as you're watching for, okay, what does accountability look like?


Well, this guy was already suspended now by the FBI. What comes next for this guy, Brian Auten and Auten did, I mean, this guy was involved in everything. If you look at Auden's involvement, my buddy Chuck Ross, one of the greatest reporters out there, he's over at the Washington Free Beacon. He's written about this guy for years. He says, Brian Auten is the FBI analyst. Behind the decade's biggest political disinformation campaigns, he pushed both the Trump Russia collusion hoax and is also accused of trying to discredit Hunter Biden's stories. The same guy who was working for years at doing this, he's, it's, it's been public cash and Dan know who he is.


Cash wrote about him in his book, government gangsters. He, they know who this guy is. They have suspended him. And what comes next? We'll see, we'll see. But this is worth dwelling on again, I wanna, I wanted to pause on that guy because that, that one strikes me as the kind of thing that you should dog ear. Let's hold onto that story. April 14th, the FBI arrests another Tesla terrorists who attacked the dealership into GOP headquarters in New Mexico. By April 17th, the FBI is releasing data on all of the immigration arrests that they've undertaken this year. How many? 6,000 plus arrests by April 17th. That was, that was now over a week ago. And those arrests, if the FBI is getting involved, we're talking about dangerous illegal aliens, dangerous criminals that the FBI is taking off of our streets.


310 of them are trendy iua gangsters who have now been yanked off the streets of the United States of America to be deported or already deported. 136 of them have been MS 13. The FBI also went on to arrest the next day, a Molotov cocktail throwing Tesla terrorist. Dan Bonino led an effort to double the efforts to go after all of the swatting terrorists who were attacking conservatives. And by the way, ask those conservatives who've been swatted, whether or not they've heard from the FBI, the answer we're getting back, including from people like Sean ish, is, yeah, we're talking to these guys and we have a lot of communication. We're we're definitely communicating with these FBI guys as they conduct this investigation.


That's good news. April 20th, the New York Times revealed, said that Cash Patel has reorganized the entire leadership of the Bureau in order to streamline it, to make it more efficient to tort it, You know that and push more agents away from headquarters and into the field to do the duty that the FBI is supposed to do. April 21st, the FBI is now reminding the public of a $5 million bounty to capture yet another MS 13 gangster. He's a Honduran kingpin leading MS 13 in Honduras. The FBI says, we've got $5 million on that guy's head, please deliver.


Additionally, the FBI just arrested a foreign terrorist who's been leading attacks on police stations, both in the United States and India. And then as of April 22nd, two days ago, FBI SWAT teams just rescued a 2-year-old girl from abduction in New Mexico. Now let me, let me just be really clear. This is not a comprehensive list. The things that I just read to you that I just shared with you, this is not a comprehensive list by any means. This is just what I've been, this is the string I've been able to gather the stuff that I'm seeing and all the stories we've been covering here on this program pulled together in a, in a, in a tight delivery. But this is the FBI, this is what's happening right now.


And so where do we go from here? What comes next? Well, let in, in a moment what I wanna do with you. It was, I wanna take you through Jim Verde's reaction to the criticism that's incoming at the moment to Cash Patel and, and Dan Bonino, this idea that somehow they're compromised. That, that they've, that they've been weakened, that the, that it's too much for them or that they've, that they've turned tail and they're, they're up, they're working for the other team. It's also crazy. And Jim points out how, how crazy it is. And I break that down and I've got, I've got some more information coming out, including from what my sources are telling me. Really looking forward to that.


Before we get there, I do have to thank our sponsors today. Make this show possible. You know, you've seen it before. When disasters strikes grocery store shelves can go empty overnight. The worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. By then, it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis comes. And right now they're making it easier than ever. Order their four week emergency food supply today and get 4 72 hour food kit completely free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years. That's real peace of mind. No last minute panic, no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered, stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits food could be the first thing to go And it would be nice to have some food that could last you a quarter century just waiting for you and your family. Go to prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit, plus an extra 12 days of food for free, almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, that's prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit plus an extra 12 days of food free. Prepare with VINCE dot com.


Yes, indeed. Okay, let's, let's see here. What, what, so we, we've got a lot going on and If you missed, if you're watching the live stream, just once again, just to remind you of how I started, and I'll say it now, if you're, if you're, if you're ragging on Dan Bonino at this point or Cash Patel, I'm here to tell you, quit your bitching. How, how pathetic can you possibly be? Let me, let me see here. I've got a Jim Verde, a great post on the subject producer Jim. Look, producer Jim's in a good position here because he's, he's known Dan for a very long time. He is, worked with him very closely. I'm telling you, working with Jim and I, this is just a radio industry thing.


I'll, I'll tell you right up front, your producer on your radio show is someone you typically talk to more than your spouse. Your, your, you just, it, it's just the way it is. You're trying to produce a big great radio show, Dan, of course, taking over for the time slot from, from Rush Limbaugh with a lot of professionalism about the product he creates working each and each and every day, day in, day out, every possible hour with your producer. It's just, it's just the nature of the relationship. You get to know the guy and you get to really know who each other are and how you tick. And in an industry with like phony people, you can detect phoniness pretty quickly when you're working that closely together. Jim loves Dan Bonino and rightfully so.


Dan's a a thoroughly decent human being who genuinely means it. His credibility. I, there's not a second that's gone by throughout all of this where I've wondered about his credibility or something. His integrity is sterling to me, which makes this also much easier to, to process what's actually happening right now. And Jim is writing about this today until last night in a really, in a really great way. I wanna go through it with you here. Jim raised this point last night. He goes, You know, I've gotta address the trashing of cash. And Dan, and then he's, he stipulated the following. I've not, he says, I've not spoken to Dan since he left the show. I've only texted with him about things not at all related to work. So this is gonna take a minute. So bear with me.


When we first started the radio show, we had two months to put everything together, the production elements, discussion of how it was going to work, putting the clock together, recording bumpers, et cetera. Lemme just, lemme pause to emphasize what, what Jim is describing is also what we've had to go through with the, with this transition as I host the radio show now. And it is not an easy lift. Jim has put in a tremendous amount of work to make that happen. So it's a, it's a heavy lift, it's a big process. He goes on. Then we had a week of practice before we went on the air. When we hit the air, it took months of angst and tinkering and making changes before we finally hit our stride. And do You know, we didn't have, he says a cabal of people lined up working against our success, in fact trashing us at every turn.


That's something we didn't have to face. So then Dan decides to leave his highly successful multimillion dollar job while launching a new network to take a job in the government, giving up a lot of money, family time and freedom to try to do what he's talked about on the podcast and on the radio at a great risk to his reputation if the status quo is to remain. Who does that? I'll tell you who. A guy who has talked about a problem for years and wants to be involved in stopping it. So why have you seen no results? Well, I've seen no results. Cash has been there six weeks and Dan's been there for a month. Jim writes, ask yourself If you took the job, what are the first things you're doing? Overseeing an organization with 38,000 people with half to more of them determine to sabotage everything you do.


You don't know who they are, you don't know what they're doing to sabotage you. You've got scores of investigations open, millions of documents, a lot of data to go through. You're getting emails, you're getting reports from so many people. You've gotta decipher what's real, what's not. And you've had less than a month. Does this sound like the ideal situation to jump into after you've run your own businesses the way you've wanted because you were in charge and knew the people you worked with and if they were loyal to you or not? Do you want the agency run the way it was? Not paying attention to the rule of law, not having the evidence you need to prosecute someone just doing it because it will feed the base red meat only to blow up in your face within months, weeks, or days. Lemme pause on that for a moment.


One of the things I've seen thrown around by right now, and by the way, some of the, I, I'm, I, my, my advice to stop your bitching is for everybody who is bitching, but not everyone who's bitching is doing it in bad faith. The, the bitching that's going on, some of this is like genuinely good faith. It's like, hey, we just wanna see good results here. Please. Like, we really wanna see it. And I, I don't know what's happening and I'm so suspicious of our government. You know, those impulses are perfectly fine. You, you, you're allowed to have 'em. But this, this detail here that Jim is dwelling on about what is going on inside of the government right now and people who are working against you and doing it the right way.


It's critical. And one of the, again, one of the attacks I've seen directed at Cash and Danner, well they were prosecuting January six people within days, they were crushing the lives of January six people within days. Yeah. Because they were violating the law to do it. There was nothing natural or normal or correct or constitutional or lawful about the procedures they were undertaking. They were trampling. Every last thing that our society hold needs to hold us together. Justice has to be just, and the way the government was run before was unjust. So If you, if the, if the argument is, well, you should be unjust right now. No, that's preposterous.


You and I both know after years of staring at what was happening, that laws were violated and people need to be held accountable to the letter of the law. We're not making it up. We're not crushing lefties by inventing laws and saying that in some Soviet way, that they ran afoul of something fake that we just invented. No, we're holding them accountable to the letter of the law. So the the comparison is frankly ridiculous. And Jim continues here. Does this sound like a recipe to have immediate action taken against individuals and or entities just because you've been waiting for it. If you wanna assume you, you should. This is what he took the job for. Giving up everything he's had to give up. You're delusional and you really don't wanna see any real lasting change made.


How can I be certain of this? Because I know him, says Jim, and I know the kind of person he is and I know he is working to improve the agency, the government, and the country because he loves it. He's a real patriot. He wouldn't have taken the job unless he could affect some real change. Don't think he's not working every single day to do just that and not for him. 'cause he didn't need this. He's doing this for you. This job is so unenviable. There's not a single part of me who would be like, You know what job, it'd be really fun to do FBI, deputy director. That's insane. Nobody takes that job. It's not for the glory. Oh, I want that title, deputy director. It's preposterous. And we've seen the media attacking Dan here for needing security.


You, you understand what's going on. The left wants to kill Dan Bonino. I don't know if I can be more clear about this. The left, just like with Trump, just like with Elon, they want to hurt him. And so the FBI under cash Patel has decided, You know what Dan needs? We need to give him some protection. We need some FBI agents who could work as a security detail for him. You think Dan, who actually worked in a protective detail for much of his career, you think he really wants people hovering over him as he goes to the bathroom all day long, every day? Come on, it's so stupid. It's so completely stupid. Oh, he wants to live in the lap of luxury. He needs a massive security detail. How ridiculous. How completely ridiculous. So I love how the left, it, it starts with that The left wants to kill him.


And then the FBI says, maybe we should protect him. And then the left accuses him of wanting to live a luxurious lifestyle. They, they blame him for having a security detail. What a neat trick. What a neat trick. So, so there you go. So Jim says all this. Now, if, if it's not enough to hear from Jim, And it should be, 'cause Jim's a great man and with a sterling reputation that's well deserved. Let me add another person to this list. So General Mike Flynn has weighed in on this subject today, and he is expressing his enthusiastic support for what Jim is writing here. And General Mike Flynn is a guy who by now, You know, was among o other than a guy like President Trump was among the most victimized human beings by this corrupt system in our country.


And he reacted to Jim last night, late last night saying this, this is an important message. I agree. The two FBI director Cash Patel and FBI director, deputy Director Dan Bonino, they have their hands full. And if there's anybody, you can state emphatically that the FBI is a complete nutter mess. It is yours truly meaning General Flynn The Bureau requires massive reform. If it is to remain the premier law enforcement organization in the world, we must give them more time to get the reforms and achieve the effects that they fully understand must be achieved. The most important element is rebuilding trust between the American people and the bureau itself. Under decades of horrendous leaders trust it's disappeared. Give them time. They realize the pressure and the scrutiny they're under.


I firmly believe positive results will be achieved under these two strong leaders. So General Flynn stepping in here to tell you, okay, you've gotta trust these guys. They, they, we, I I trust these guys implicitly. So I'm I'm perfectly happy with this. I'm telling you, there's, there hasn't been a moment throughout any of this. I've been panicking about this. I don I don't know about you. My view has just been like, I'm just glad the guys I trust are in that agency. It's the kind of feeling that makes me think, okay, good. I can concentrate on other things right now because those guys are there. The steady hands are there. That's what we need. That's exactly what we need. And, and right, right now, just to once again emphasize, I think this is, yeah, it's cut nine once again, emphasize the reputation that General Flynn has, the crap he's been through.


Look no further than the way James Comey described what they did to General Flynn as he was the incoming national security advisor to the President of the United States back in in 2017. Take a look. You look at this White House now, and it's hard to imagine two FBI agents ending up in the sit room. How did that happen? I sent them Laughter, Something we, I probably wouldn't have done or maybe gotten away With in a more organized investigation, a more organized administration in the George W. Bush administration, for example, or the Obama administration. And both of those administrations, there was process. And so if the FBI wanted to send agents into the White House itself to interview a senior official, you would work through the White House Council and there'd be discussions and approvals and who would be there.


And I thought it's early enough, let's just send a couple guys over. And so if you're the National Security Advisor, if you're Mike Flynn, what do you think FBI agents are coming over to talk to you about? Well, you're part of the same government. You both work for the same president. So you would assume that you're having a conversation with government officials, colleagues in the FBI and instead that was designed to be a setup. And James Comey would sit on that stage and brag about what he did, brag about it. And so Mike Flynn's been through it. Mike Flynn knows how corrupt that agency is. And that guy is not. Come on. If you're Mike Flynn, you're gonna hold punches on the FBI, please not in a million years.


So there he is saying, look, Jim, Jim Verity's got this, got this completely right Now, in a moment I've got brand new information coming out from the United States Department of Justice. Some, some more details about what's actually going on at the FBI, what you can look forward to in the weeks and months ahead. Some good stuff. Hold tight for that. I I'm looking forward to sharing this with you.


That said, I, I, again, we gotta thank our sponsors today because they make all this possible. We can do this show because of them. And, and I'm so grateful that you do business with these guys. And that includes blackout Coffee. Blackout coffee is so good. I start my day with Blackout Coffee every single day. The owner, John, is a great American. I'm constantly texting with him and talking about his great coffee and our great country. And lemme tell you what, John's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. He made America First Coffee. He really did. It's roasted fresh right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. It's just great, bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So you already know this brand stands for the right values Blackout Coffee. Truly delicious. I just compare it against any other coffee that I drink. I like drinking black coffee. I love blackout coffee. That's my favorite. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee do.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, that's VINCE. And you'll get 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that does not suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, and you'll get 20% off your first order Blackout coffee. Love them.


And You know, we've got, We got a lot of economic chaos thanks to Joe Biden's. Inability to think in the left's corruption is created a lot of problems, government spending, widespread inflation, massive supply and chain disruptions. And so the president, our president now is trying to right the ship, but in the midst of this, there's been a lot of chaos. But as he puts out these tariffs, he specifically has exempted gold and silver bullion, which is really cool. And that's designed for you for your benefit. That means your ability to diversify into precious metals has been protected. So if you're concerned about your savings at all, you should get a free consultation with a Birch gold precious Metals specialist. The first step is just to text my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And you can receive your free no obligation info kit on Gold. Learn how to hold gold in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket. Birch Gold has an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. So text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to claim your free info kit right now, message and data rights apply. Our thanks to Birch Gold, great people there supporting this, this show. Thank you for that.


And okay, so a couple things coming out now and to, and to share with you. I mentioned a moment ago that, that Dan and Cash are, are leading an organization of about 38,000 people and they've got, they've got a lot of work to do and no question about it and abs and we are o obviously entitled to see some results here, no question about it. But what is the culture like inside of the agency? Well, just to give you a sense of it, one thing that I've learned about what's happening with these FBI agents, there are very decent patriotic and, and even pro-Trump, FBI agents who are inside of that agency.


Of course, in a, in an agency that size, you're definitely gonna have people like that who just want to do their jobs, who know about the corruption that's in the agency and who are desperate to root it out. And one of the problems that some of these agents have run into many of these agents have run into is they don't know how to communicate it to the senior leadership to get it up in front of cash and in front of Dan without running into the trip. The corrupt trip wires that are in between them that's going on as we speak right now, that they're nervous about the other elements in the FBI who are looking to hurt them, to destroy them.


So this is a bureau that, that is in desperate need of the kind of reforms that these guys are leading from the top and has people that are closer to the bottom who are seeing a lot of this and going, I need to figure out a way to get this out. So one that is going on inside this bureau right now. So just because there's been a change in leadership doesn't mean that the whole culture's changed. This is exactly what Dan and Cash are fighting against. Another thing in the weeks ahead, I can, I can tell you right now that the FBI is going to be going after in a more, in a big way, apparently the Communist Party of China, that's our signature adversary.


So you're gonna see some, some big action apparently coming up in the weeks ahead on that. And also public corruption. Public corruption broadly. Now, to what extent does that include directly inside of the FBI, I mean, you and I both hope it's a lot, a lot as well as government officials who are stealing from us. That's the kind of thing that we're gonna see more of coming up in the weeks ahead. So I would look to that one other thing and then I'm, then I'm gonna play a clip for you, which I think will give you a lot of comfort about what's coming next too. A a lot of the concerns about what's going on with cash and Dan have been that they promoted a guy called Jensen that the, that they, that they promoted an a a key official in the January 6th investigations.


That's take a look at this, the daily caller writing about this back on February, excuse me, April 7th. And this is the, this is the thing. FBI promotes key FBI official in January 6th. Investigations sparks online backlash. This is where a lot of the chaos in the drama online is emanated saying, Hey, what's the deal? Why are you gonna elevate this guy, Steve Jensen, when he was right at the center of so much of the January 6th chaos? And here's how the daily call wrote about it. At the time, the FBI agent who spearheaded domestic terrorism operations during January 6th, 2021, was promoted to a senior role in the Washington Field office, which generated backlash among some conservatives.


The New York Times first reported on Friday that Steve Jensen was tapped as the new assistant director in charge to lead the Bureau's Washington Field office. The field office's website lists him as the A DIC. Jensen was previously the section chief of the Domestic Terrorism Operations section from April, 2020 to October, 2021. According to his LinkedIn, the counter-terrorism division through its domestic terrorism operations section provides guidance and coordination among the FBI's 56 field offices on matters of domestic terrorism. That's what Jill Sanborn, the then executive assistant director of the FBI said in 2022, Jensen was in charge of creating a system to monitor school board meetings for potential acts of domestic terrorism.


According to the New York Times, the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Division also created a threat tag to target parents protesting at school board meetings. Jenssen's appointment of course since then has been widely confirmed, including by Steve Baker, a journalist with the Blaze. And Steve was one of the January 6th victims. And I've talked to Steve many times about this and he's been deeply concerned about the elevation of Steve Jensen into this role. So that's, that is important. That's a very important piece of this, and this is why there's been so much drama around this. But here's what you need to know. O you have to be a moron not to be detecting what Dan Bonino has been posting online on this subject.


Dan keeps posting updates from the FBI in his capacity as deputy director. And this post came to us on April 6th. This is the very same time this whole Jensen Saga was going down. And here's what Dan said at the time, your feedback is invaluable. All I ask is that you consider the following feedback to the feedback when you see something happen and the entire story isn't public, and the underlying facts aren't all public, it may appear counterintuitive to our reform agenda. I promise you it's not an accident. This is, can I, I don't know how much more I could possibly demonstrate to you that this is Dan by Jim.


I look Ban Gina. I've known a lot of people who are terminally online. I've known a lot of people who, who stare at the internet all day long. How many, how many Americans stare at their phones just all day long lying in bed, staring at the phone, get up in the middle of the night, staring at the phone, get up in the morning, staring at the phone. Okay, that's perfectly fine. People do that. I've never known someone who is more attuned to what's going on on the internet online, on his text messages than Dan Bonino. You think Bonino missed this Jensen story that he was just like, like, oh, that was out of his purview. He wasn't focused on it at all. He had no idea. There's chatter going on about that. Oh, I didn't even know about that. Who is Jensen? I don't know. He knows who he is.


He knows what's happening on the internet. He knows the criticism that's inbound from some people who are doing it with good faith, others who are doing it with bad faith. And so when you see a message in the very same 24 hour window where this becomes a thing, and he says, when you see something happen And it looks like it's counterintuitive, I promise you it is not an accident. So you tell me what are you supposed to do with this information? Well, my view, you trust this guy, you trust this guy. And so yeah, the bitching is ridiculous.


It's, it's, it's completely ridiculous. And here's another piece that I think is worth our while. Mike Davis from the Article III project, I love Mike Davis. He's a great American. He's, I think by his own admission, too crazy to become the Attorney General of the United States. He's, he's got a little too intense look, a little too hard. Although man, I would've loved to see Mike Davis as the attorney general. I want you to check out what Mike Davis is saying right now. He just went on Bannon's war room and he, he just came out of a meeting with the United States Department of Justice and he had, I think, something very important to share. This is cut one, take a look at Mike Davis.


Justice is definitely coming. Let me just assure the War Room Posse Justice is coming and there's going to be accountability for this unprecedented Republican ending law where the, the Biden Justice Department was politicized. Yes, and weaponized. There's going to be accountability for a lot of these crimes. It takes time to build these crimes. Cash Patel is there. He's doing a hell of a good job. So is Dan Bonino, his deputy Justice is coming. So just because we don't see it publicly does not mean it's not happening. I know what's happening, Mike.


Love Mike. So what's the message in that? Settle down son. Settle down. Adults are now in charge. So you've got a situation where you had a very corrupt agency, very corrupt agency, and two men who know this better than almost any one of their critics who know what's actually going on there, who have documented, who've spent their careers focused on it in these last few years, these last, this last decade. Now they're there. And so this, oh, nothing's happening. Okay, settle down, settle down. So I I, I say this with a lot of comfort, a lot of confidence because I knew it from the get, I knew it from the very beginning.


And look, you can, you know, go ahead question me on this and be like, look, You know, you're just close to Dan and you're, and you, and take over Dan's Dan's show and this time slot, fine. You're, you're more than welcome to scrutinize me in that way. And, and you're more than welcome to wanna see more, more quickly. So do I, I wanna, I wish, I wish all these guys were doing pork walks on day one. That's what I would love to see that. But the idea that I'm gonna sit around and panic about all this and say that these guys are compromised lunacy, total lunacy. I'm very excited to see what this FBI keeps doing going forward. It's already paying dividends. I, I, I'm, I'm very happy about that, so thank you for that. How, how do we feel, guys? How do we feel in the chat? How do we feel that we, I got the, I'm sorry, I've been, I've just, I've been reeling off all these things, but we've got a lot to get to, as You know.


And So I haven't, I haven't engaged in entirely with the chat today, but, but I love it. And also, to be honest with you, I saw somebody say, demand more. You feel great. I love that. Here's one of the other pieces. I don't actually in the end, like I, I get like, the bitching is like so silly to me, but that's fine. Like, go ahead, hit the drum. You can hit the drum If you want. You can be like, I wanna see people arrested. That's good. It's always good to have people, You know, reminders that lots of people are watching and holding you accountable, but you're in a government job, you're a big boy. If the voters want something to be done, it's okay to remind them of that. But we gotta be honest about what they're up to. They're not doing nothing. They're not sitting on their hands. This is not, this is, these jobs are totally unenviable, not glorious at all.


And Jim is right. You know, Dan walked away from something very, very good that, that, you know, not to enrich himself please to, to me, oh, now he's got FBI agents protecting him. You know, what a luxury, what a what an improvement to his life. What a stupid line of attack on this guy. Yeah. Dissolve the A TF I'm with you. Love that. Hold, hold. Getting a lot of those, the Bino army showing up. I love that. The P ones, the P ones. You know what's funny about the, the na the phrase P one, and, and I'm sure Dan told you about all this, you know, in, in his shows. But P one is the kind of thing that literally only hosts here when they talk to program directors about their Nielsen ratings once a month.


P one is like a program director has to very carefully explain to the host, You know, You know, P one is our most dedicated listener. And so these are what the p ones are are doing. This is how many are listening, this is what they care about. That's the kind of thing. Dan's the first guy that I'm aware of who ever turned p one into a public way to describe audience loyalty. It was always, it was always just like, You know, a technical term, an industry term. These are the P ones. And then of course now it's become a whole thing. So that's cool. I'm a P one, this kiss mc groin. Hilarious. Thank you to the groins for always showing up in the rumble chip. Really appreciate that. Okay, so, so yeah, lots of updates there and I hope that, I hope that satisfies you that we've got those updates.


Also, I, I need to, before, before we end this fine broadcast today, I do want to point out that Dick Durbin is gone. Dick Durbin is leaving. He's, they said they all the headlines were referring to him as the number two among Senate Democrats. And they're right about that. He is, that guy's definitely a number two, no question about it. Dick Durbin is leaving in Illinois, take a look, cut to Dick Durbin dipping out. The decision of whether to run for reelection has not been easy. I truly love the job of being United States senator, but in my heart, I know it's time to pass the torch In my heart.


He's like, I've gotta go, I've gotta go. Now, Illinois is a very corrupt place, as You know, in fact, has one of the most corrupt Democrat parties in the whole country. And that's saying something. So their effort to rig the election to replace him is gonna be a big deal. But I do wonder to some extent, You know why it is that he's leaving now. He's not, he's not Biden's age. His, his brain isn't fully stopped yet. So why would a, why would a Democrat leave? Well, one thing worth considering is Dick Durbin, every time Jeffrey Epstein has come up, has acted like either he doesn't know who he is or he doesn't remember when Senator Marsha Blackburn sought to make public the flight logs from Jeffrey Epstein's disgusting flights.


Take a look here. Here's Dick Durbin cut three claiming back in January of last year that he knew nothing about efforts to subpoena the flight logs for Jeffrey Epstein. Chairman Durbin, can I ask you a quick question? Why won't you subpoena Jeffrey Epstein's flight logs? So who are you? Hillary von with Fox. Fox, of course, of course. I don't know anything about his flight locks, But why won't you subpoena them? Why don't you want to know? I Don't know the issue. I know who Epstein was, but I certainly don't know anything about the issue. Well, he was Charged, charged with sex trafficking. So why don't you wanna know who was utilizing his private plane? Never been raised by anyone. Well, Senator Blackburn has wanted to subpoena them and there hasn't been a vote in your committee.


He Said a word to me, not a word, But aren't you curious, like what high profile or powerful people might be closeted predators and pedophiles? Doesn't that concern you? Of course, Of course. You first. So why won? Won't you subpoena them If you can. It's the first time anyone has raised it. Thank you Fox. So do you, are you curious about it? Will you do it? Oh my goodness. Boy, that's, isn't that kind of an incriminating conversation the way that that went down? Because he's acting like, oh, of course. Oh, it's a fox thing that Fox cares about this. Let's be clear. You, you understand the underlying allegations here, the underlying crimes that were committed against these children by these powerful rich people who by the way, are probably your donors.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the, what is it? I never heard of him. I don't know anything about this subpoena. Never heard of it. Senator Marsha Blackburn would bring receipts after that conversation. Yeah, I I definitely asked you to make these subpoenas take a look. I understand you made some statements about the Jeffrey Epstein flight logs that I had not spoken to you one time about this issue Since we're in the business of issuing subpoenas now, here are a few more that I filed a subpoena to Jeffrey Epstein's estate to provide the flight logs for his private plane, given the numerous allegations of human trafficking and a sexual abuse surrounding Mr.


Epstein. Yeah. Okay. So that was 2023. That was months before Dick Durbin lied to Fox about. Nobody asked me to subpoena these flight logs. Senator Marsha Blackburn, who, she's a good American. I've, I've talked to her a bunch of times. She's still beating that drum. She wants every last Epstein document released. Good for her. I'm glad we have a senator on our side on that mission. And that's another thing that the FBI and the Justice Department can definitely do. That's, that's something they can help out with. And remember, president Trump earlier this week was asked about this by Reagan Reese White House correspondent at The Daily Caller about the Epstein documents. He said, Hey, what's going on? And the president committed right there in the Oval office.


He said, I'm gonna speak to the attorney general about this to get more of this information out. So that's, that's great. Good to have the president on our side too. We've got some good allies in this fight. Speaking of the president, did you see what he's doing at the White House? The president out of his own pocket is buying two gigantic flagpoles to install at the White House with huge American flags. Take a look at the president just surveying the site on the North lawn yesterday. Cut five. Here's the president walking around. What are you doing, Mr. President?


Beautiful Flag pole for the American flag. Yeah, we're gonna place a flag pole for the American flag. He, he yelled out. It was funny 'cause right after that, the president then walked over and they did a, a quick, well impromptu press conference. And you saw these reporters all just sprinting along the side of the sidewalk there to get to the president, as he did once again, the 5000000th press conference that he's done now as president of the United States. Right in the midst of surveying all of that, the president would go on to explain here in cut six what he's thinking with these flagpoles. Take a look. We're putting up a beautiful, almost a hundred foot tall American flag on this side, and another one on the other side, two flags, top of the line.


And they've needed flag poles for 200 years. It was something I've, I've often said, you know, they don't have a flag pole per se, so we're putting one right where your sauce, and we're putting another one on the other side on top of the mounds. It's gonna be, be a too beautiful poll, paid for, paid for by Trump. The flag they arrive in about a week or so, sir, Paid for by Trump in case any lefties in your life continue to claim ludicrously that Trump is somehow trying to profit off the presidency. That's a weird thing, given that he keeps spending his own money to beautify our country and improve it.


He's installing two gigantic, 100 foot flagpoles on both the north and the south lawns and huge American flags will be there. You know what's cool about that is that it, that becomes a permanent fixture that we can always remember the Trump presidency by going forward. So even in the years well beyond the Trump presidency, unless of course, course the left tears it down, they love tearing down stuff. So they tear down statues, they'll probably tear down an American flagpole, but at least we have a chance at some permanence, at two big American flagpoles going forward. Thanks to President Trump's time in office at his expense. He's doing this on his own. The guy doesn't even take a salary. He donates a hundred percent of his presidential salary right back to the taxpayer. He's got a, a 100% tax rate, again, a 100% tax rate for the President of the United States.


Not bad, he makes up, what? Over $400,000 doing that job. Not bad at all. But, You know, the left, of course, their, their hatred firm continues at Trump Tower yesterday, there were some vandals who attacked and started spray painting a, a, a placard that represented the 45th presidency. And you see, you see that they're doing that now. The Secret Service is on hand at Trump Tower in New York. So this hippie got down on his knees and waited for a secret service arrest, which came just moments later. So those guys, they came over, they arrested him, and you see that old dude right there with the beard. He's like, who are you? What's your name and badge number? Are you actually law enforcement and getaway old man?


Get outta here. We're arresting this guy who's vandalizing Trump Tower and trying to destroy things because that's what lefties do. They don't build anything. They just destroy actually. They just, they're, they, the impulse is to destroy. So Americans, You know, what's great about America is it's a country that builds things, creates things, innovates things in the left envious of its lack of, of, of your ability to do that, do that. And their lack of ability to contribute in any meaningful way they've, they've chosen instead destruction, which is, of course, president Trump keeps getting reelected big time. Thank you for joining us today. Really appreciate you as always, the best damn audience in media.


Make sure to follow me on all the social accounts and also If you haven't heard the Nationwide Radio show yet, shame on you. That's all I have to say. Shame on you. Actually. No. Subsequently, you can also hear it rumble.com/ VINCE. You can watch it live every day from 12 to three Eastern time. Again, thank you so much for joining us today. I'll be back with you tomorrow, Friday for another episode of VINCE. Always appreciate having you here.