
Welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us. It's been a big opening week. Tucker Carlson in the House, the Vice President of the United States. Stopping by and my next guest, the son of the President of the United States, Donald Trump Jr. We'll get to that conversation in just a moment. Can't wait for that.


But first, I've got something important to tell you, while we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. And Patriot Mobile is leading the charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on any quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action. To defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patreon Mobile, you, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three of the major networks. So if you have cell phone service today, you can easily get cell phone service with Patreon Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend supports a company that really does believe in the first and the second amendments. The sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching is so completely easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, shall we? We shall. Okay, good. Thank you, gentlemen. Joining me now. Right here in this amazing Silver Lock studio is the one and only Donald Trump Jr. Good to see you, man. Nice to See you. Good to Be here. I mean, I feel honored to be in the lineup that you had going on this week. I mean, that's a pretty solid start. Well, I, I think people should know that, that all of the people I've interviewed this week happen to be close friends. Like everybody, every one of these guys is a buddy. Yeah. And and of mine as well. So of Yours. Yes. That's what I mean. Yeah. That's great. In fact, let's start with JD Vance. 'cause he, he made a big splash yesterday. He was here on our program. We had a great interview with him. And then the, the media went absolutely wild. They were furious at him.


Can we play the clip of him that everybody's talking about? This is him talking about Kamala Harris consuming vodka shots before every single meeting. Take a look at this. You talked earlier about the, the role of the vice president and how it's different with each presidency. How are you doing the job differently than Kamala did it? The, well, the, if we're gonna stick the landing on that, that's where he responds That that was not the, that that was not the response that got the media Talked earlier arms about the, the role of the vice president and how it's different with each presidency. How are you doing the job differently than Kamala did it? Well, I, I, I don't have, you know, Four Shots Of Vodka before every meeting.


That's, that's one way I think that Kamala really tried to bring her herself into the role is, is these word salads. And I think that I would need the help of a lot of alcohol to answer a question the way that Kamala Harris answered questions. So Good. I mean, tough, but fair. Tough, but fair. I mean, it's, it, it's, it's legit. I mean, I, I've never seen someone that could get to the ranks that Kamala Harris did, who could not complete a sentence. Yes. And you saw that it was just such an empty suit. It's like a caricature created entirely by the media and a democratic apparatus that this is going to be the leader of the free world. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. And you saw it, you always knew it kind of in intuitively, but during that presidential run, you, you saw it so early when it was like, okay, fine.


What would you do differently? I wouldn't do anything differently. Fine. You got it wrong. Even the left was killing her for that. Yeah. Like, just answer something on the border, on Ukraine, on, on any one of the major issues that was destroying the nation. But when she was asked, you know, a second time and a third time Yeah. And a fourth time and a fifth time and was and Friend my atlas And friend. Like, listen, if you go on the view and basically almost end your political campaign Yeah. As a Democrat. Like, if you can't get through the view, how you gonna get through like Putin xi, It's the most basic question imaginable. Like, it's the kind of thing that you would think to yourself while you're brushing your teeth before the interview. Yeah. They're probably gonna ask me, what would my presidency be?


How would it be different? Yeah. You know, and that's the most basic possible question. And it was, what's her face, Sonny, on the view, Sonny Hostin, who was like, how would your presidency be different? She's like, not at all. It'd be the same. Exactly. It'd be exactly the same. Everything that we've failed at, we're gonna continue failing at. And I'm like, how do, how do they not know? Like to, to adjust? Like, Hey, I get it. Everyone's had a bad answer. Yeah. Right. Everyone's, you know, put their foot in their mouth, whatever it was, or maybe got caught off guard. But like, you are running a presidential campaign, like time adjust, Big Time overcome. Like, It, was it weird to you? It was almost a cruel joke that every single person at the top of that administration couldn't speak in English sentences. So, so Joe Biden obviously for mental reasons couldn't do that.


Kamala Harris, for different mental reasons, couldn't do that. And then Kareem, John Pierre, literally the White House spokeswoman was incapable of speaking in English. What happened? Listen, I the reality, I mean, e everyone in the administration, they valued whatever diversity check boxes they could check. Yeah. Much more than competence. Yeah. Right. It, it was very simple. That's what it was like. Oh, Karine Jean Pierre, she was the first foreign born lesbian black woman. It's like, well speak English. If you checking enough boxes, eventually you're gonna come up with a combination of possibilities that like, well, there's not another person in the world that meets all those other requirements. That's right. And, and that's what it felt like to me. 'cause it was so obvious.


No one knew what they were talking about, but, but it didn't matter because that was what they cared about. And that's why you could see it was just, you know, abject failure. Yes. And, And it, it, I guess to an extent, I always say we sort of needed those last four years for the rest of the country to wake up as brutal as it was for me. Yes. You feel like that? I, I do. You know, And it sucked, right? They, they went after our businesses. They went after this. I'm like the most subpoenaed man in the history of the world, both congressionally and otherwise. And, you know, the lawsuits and the law fair and the this. But then you combine the American public finally seeing that with a failing economy. Endless wars.


Yeah. All of this. And they're like, you know what, maybe, maybe Trump isn't that bad. Like, they saw, even the lawsuits were so ridiculous. And so that people are like, yeah, listen, if you wanna go after him for something, fine. But like, when, when no one believes any of it is real anymore, and they see it's only happening in areas where they could weaponize it, they see it's only happening in, you know, Atlanta and DC Yes. And New York City. It's like, oh, oh, this is probably all nonsense. And it, it took a while. It was like what I dealt with, you know, during the early days of Russia, Russia, Russia. Right. You know, and I, I did 50 hours of congressional testimony for treason, a crime punishable by death.


And I'm sitting there being like, well, I must have been around someone. Like, 'cause I wanted to believe like, well, no, but it's the FBI, it's the so there To be there. Part of you that wanted, there was a part of you that wanted, there was a credible like, explanation for this. I wanted to believe that like, everything I believed about America actually Yeah. Existed. Yeah. And it turns out, like I thought I was fighting to preserve the America I believed existed. Turns out I was actually fighting to help create an America that has been missing for a long time. Yeah. And, And it, but like I said, even me in that spot under fire, they're trying to throw you in jail and worse. Right. It's like, well, there has to be something to it. And it took me a while to be like, no, there doesn't have to be anything to it. It's all Bs.


You know, our buddy Dan Bonino. Yeah. Now a deputy director of the FB Thank god he would always use this expression. Is it bad enough? Yet? That was the phrase that he would use over these past few years. And it turns out by the 2024 election it was America had concluded. Yes. Yes it was. It's bad enough. Yes, it was. It's Bad enough. Lemme go back to JD Vance for a moment. 'cause I want to, I, I wanna figure out how he became vice President of the United States. That's key. It's not a secret that you were pushing for him. No. That you wanted him to be the guy. He's fantastic. There were a lot of doubters out there about him and not just among the kind of the, the inner circle world of Republican politics, but in the, in the general public. Yeah. People were like not as familiar with JD Vance as they probably should have been or hadn't yet become acquainted with him.


Tell me about that fight. What was that like, pushing to get JD Vance to be the guy? Well, it's, it started pretty early. You know, I, I had actually, you know, read his book when it first came out. Like when we were, you know, mid, mid teens, mid 20 teens, whatever it was. I was like, wow, this is a guy that could, like the story, the backstory coming out of Appalachia and the poverty and breaking that cycle and becoming a business guy. And then that was way before even politics. And then it was like, oh wow, he's a Trump hater for a while. And Right. It, it was sort of interesting. I knew some friends that knew him be like, you gotta get together with this guy. Like you guys would be best friends. And so we started doing that early, you know, 20 20, 20 21, whatever it was, and started talking to, I'm like, and he was, he had come to the sort of the conclusion that, wait, actually Trump was right.


And I was the guy that was being manipulated. He came there on his own. Right. There's guys that in politics that sort of, okay, I'll say what I need to say right now to get into a position. There's other guys that actually changed their entire worldview. Yes. You know, on their own organically. Listen, I think Marco Rubio at State has done that, you know, 10 years ago. He has, you know, what he believed would've been, you know, very more NeoCon like he's there on his own. He is doing a great Job. Well, he was kind of, Marco in his case, he was kind of famously a part of what they call the Gang of eight Amnesty Bill with Lindsey Graham. And his views have definitely changed A lot and on their own. And I think he's doing an incredible job at State. But, so I got to sort of know JD real well, and I saw that sort of Ohio Senate primary and like, you know, I don't think it's the secret to say that Republicans in the Senate, you know, with the exception of a very small handful, generally like our weakest crew, right.


There's just not many guys you'd want in a, in a foxhole, in a, in a political fight. It's sort of, they Like being comfortable. They like being comfortable. And it, it's really easy to be a Republican in Washington DC that will come as a surprise to people if you just give in when it matters. Like you can be like 90% conservative. Right. You know, as long as you fold on the big fights, which the Republicans and the Senate very reliably do for the Democrats. And so it's an easy existence. So I, I saw sort of a talent I saw, you know, a, a depth yes. But like he can take complex issues and talk about 'em, whether it's foreign policy or otherwise, and like simplify them to where regular people can understand it. He, he can be really wonky to if he wants to, but he actually knows how to translate that down to people who aren't policy wonks.


Yeah. Or whatever it may be. And So I was like, this guy's just really impressive. Love the backstory. I think it's important for people to be able to, you know, see, like you can still live that American dream. It's still exists. So how does he did that? So how does the lobbying effort, well, story obviously, like you would think, I mean, it's, it's gotta be a big deal for your son in your case. You know, you approached your father and you're like, look, I think J d's really good. I think you should seriously consider him. Yeah. What does that look like? Well, So I, you know, I went to him during that Ohio Senate race primary where JD was like number three or four Yeah. In a primary. And, you know, oftentimes you don't wanna get involved in a primary 'cause who knows. You certainly don't wanna back the number four guy usually, even if he's great. 'cause like if you lose then, you know Right. You sort of expend a lot of political capital and that's, yeah.


You know, I, I try to be as pure as I possibly can, but there's realities that you have to deal with in Washington. But I was like, listen, like this guy's gonna be a rock star. We, we just gotta let him, you know, get there. Tucker actually got pretty involved, you know, I remember he did it kind of famously on his national television show. He had, he featured JD a lot Yeah. And believed in me. He openly endorsed And, and a lot of other guys were trying to block him out. So we, We got that over the line. You know, he performed incredibly in those debates. He was the only guy that wasn't like, sort of, you know, more neo Connie and all of that. Yeah. You know, understood. Like no one wants the endless wars despite what Washington DC would want. Right. So did that becomes a senator campaign heavily formed during that, you know, general.


And then he was just like a breakout star in the Senate. Right. He, he, he could articulate the issues. He wasn't afraid to get aggressive. That just was such a lacking thing in there. And so when, you know, the VP stuff started happening, it was like, you know, this is a no brainer. 'cause for me, I think most people who know me and have watched me for the last nine years, like I'm actually a believer in this stuff. Like, I, I actually care. Right? Yes. I, I was That's true. You tell I was, you know, a conservative since I was a kid, even if I grew up in New York City. Like, it, it was, you know, so for me it's not about like, well, we just gotta get four years of Trump at all costs. It was about, no, we need four years of Trump and a runway. And that's the other thing that the four years gave us this last four years. Yeah.


We found people who would fight, you know, if we, and I believe we won 2020. I don't, I don't think anyone watching doesn't believe that, but we didn't assume office. But what that four years also did was allowed us to find a crew of fighters. Yep. People who can do this. That's why this cabinet had, we just kept going from 2020 to 2024. Like it would've been the same weak kind of cabinet. Weaker cabinet. Maybe there's a couple guys that were great, but not many the can kickers. We're just gonna wait it out. Right. See what happened. We're gonna, we're gonna slow roll it. We're not gonna follow the will of the president. We're, you know, the unelected bureaucracy is gonna make all those decisions. We'll tell him what he wants to hear, but not get anything done. So what the Democrats did, And I said it a couple weeks ago, it was probably the stupidest move ever playing those games in 2020 for them, because A, it exposed just how weak they are.


Yep. B it exposed things like how bad the teacher's unions are because we saw it with the lockdowns and the nonsense and every, like, it, it forced people to wake up. And we also finally, for the first time in history, we have a bench. Yeah. Because everyone got battle experience. Yeah. Everyone was battle hard and you could see who was a fighter. Yeah. You're looking at everyone who's been victimized by the left and by the, by the deep state. Like whether it's Tulsi Gabbard who's been tracked as a terrorist, or RFK, who's been censored by the big tech companies at the behest of the White House. You start going down the list and you realize, whoa, each of these guys has been subjected to their own trials Yeah. At the hands of the American left. And they're so, they're in better position now. They're ready To fight.


A hundred percent. And, and you, you sort of broaden in that coalition. So I was sort of behind the RFK endorsement. I sort of made that happen through a, a good friend of mine that was best friends with his son. It was like another one of those, like you two would be best friends if you hung out. And so we did, And it was like you saw the Democrats were trying to turn Bobby into like, you know, the ultra conservative and that's the choice against MAGA versus MAGA to try to split that vote. And so like, I was like, Hey Bobby, you're not gonna win. We know that. But like, you could cause significant damage here. Like we, I actually believe in so much of what he's saying Yeah. Out there. I think like you are a subject matter expert on the health stuff. I think it's so critical. I have five young kids, I see the garbage that's out there. I see what they try to cover up. Like, let's figure out how to work together.


And it was like, okay. Right. And, you know, we, we sort of negotiated that one sort of back, it was me, my, my buddy Bobby, you know, his campaign manager and Susie Wiles. And that was it. We kept everyone else out of that. We did the same thing with Tulsi actually, because my friend who was they introduced us, was also a kind of former Democrat that saw what happened during Lockdowns and became like, you know, was totally, you know, red pilled and, and has been on board. So we brought this sort of interesting coalition back together. But to get back to jd Yes. You know, that was complicated. 'cause the reality in politics and, you know, all of politics, but money controls so much. Yes. So every billionaire donor that's out there that's, you know, writing 5, 10, 15, 20, 20 $5 million checks and up, sometimes they want their puppet in there.


They want to be able to try to control the future. They want to be able to do this. Yeah. So they, and so for me, you know, it was, you know, basically, you know, the biggest voices in that room for JD would've been me initially. And, and all, you know, all in, you know, Tucker, Charlie, Kirk, you know, some of the, the just the grassroots guys Yes. That are on the ground that know what's going on. Yeah. It was us versus the entire billionaire class who each had their own whatever it may have be. There wasn't necessarily a consolidation around one particular guy, you know, got got to a couple And it was just like, I get it. I know you need the money, but you also need to win and you also need to create that bench because it's not just about you winning. Yes. It's about making sure, you know, and I don't wanna even say the Republican party 'cause I don't think it's a, I don't think it's the Republican party anymore.


It's an America first party that, that this has a runway beyond the four years of Trump. You could be the sledgehammer for four years, but you need someone who can run with that afterwards. So What you're describing goes against the caricature of your father, which is that he's merely in it for himself and his own advancement. So if he's thinking the long game, he's actually thinking about the big picture. Oh, a hundred percent. Listen. You know, so if, if you're Trump and it's only about you, you'd find some, you know, average conservative guy that the billionaires would be able to get behind that would never outshine or never outperform you. It's what Kamala Harris did with Tim Walz. Right. Well, we can't find someone who has political talent, even if I disagree, you know, with their views. Like there are people in the Democrat party that have political talent.


She couldn't have someone as the number two that had political talent. Right. She had to find someone that was worse than her Yeah. To not outshine her. And like that's, I mean, that's be challenging even in the Democrat party to find someone worse. But like, it's A sign of insecurity. Correct. So Trump gets this guy that's this rockstar who, and you saw it, you put him on the Sunday shows, it just destroys all these people. He does. You, you put him on, you know, in the debate. And at the end of the debate, Tim Walz is sitting there being like, I agree with everything jd. I'm like, I think he's voting for Trump. Like, I was like, I, that's, I think he's voting for Trump by the end of that thing. That's true. You know, and so JD was So funny yesterday. He says, I was never physically intimidated by Tim Walz. I asked him, I was like, because Tim Walz is out there saying that.


He's like, I can kick everybody's ass. But that was the whole joke of like the whole campaign. They, they tried to, Tim Waltz is the left's idea of masculine. Yeah. It's like, but 'cause they don't know what masculine actually is. So they're like, well this guy one time held a shotgun. So he's ma and like you could watch, I'm sitting there like, as someone who does a lot of this stuff, I'm like watching him trying to load. I know, you know, a Beretta a 400. I'm like, listen, you give me any shotgun in the world and a blindfold in three cells and I'll load it in about four seconds. It doesn't matter. It's a pump. If it's an auto loader, like a break action. Like, I will know just by feel. And when they're like, this guy's a serious hunter. And he's sitting there struggling trying to load like, you know, he is gone. He is really, and he's like, you know, the whole quote was like, Maga iss intimidated by masculinity.


I'm like, have you ever watched this guy get on a stage? I'm like, it's like the, the opening scene of the Nutcracker. You know what I mean? Like, it's like, I was like, I don't know. I've never seen a wrist so limp. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I'm like, that was the last's idea of masculine. And so they're trying to push this on people who are actually masculine, or at least not totally eff Yeah. And like people are like, yeah, no, I'm not buying it. And he's still running with it. You saw it this week. It's like, I can beat the hell out of every mago Republican. I'm like, just stop. Yeah. By the way, you know, the, the number one sign of not being all that masculine is like talking about how masculine you actually are. Right. It's like, that's so funny. Like, and, and so we're jumping around a little bit, but it was, you know, but you could see even, even Fox News, they were trying to crush JD like every month.


Like they were forcing a narrative, like trying to crush this guy. 'cause we want, you know, our puppet in there. All these guys were going against it. And I think the one thing my father probably figured out would be with like, I'm just the guy on the ground. I'm the, the guy that doesn't just show up for the selfie to be in the back of his speech. I don't go to his speeches. Right. I go to the speeches where he can't be. Right. Because that's actually a creative. Yeah. Right. Like if there's one Trump in the room, it's plenty. Yeah. Right. You don't need, you don't need two trumps in a room. I don't add much value. Some of the stuff you do for history 'cause it's cool, but like too many people in that world just, well I just wanna be where he is because I can be in the selfie and I can use it to promote whatever. Yes. It's like, no, no, no. I'm gonna go to like the middle of Iowa and speak to, you know, 300 people in a room that, you know, the nominee can't go do, you know, to add value.


So I just had a feeling of what's going on on the ground. Right. I have a feeling where people are, I just so you know, he's sort of, you know, trusting me with that one. And I knew it. It was always, even the Sunday shows he started crushing. Like I said, he's putting, you know, Martha Ratt in her place. Martha, like, do you hear yourself speaking? Yes. Tr Deua only took over a couple of buildings in Colorado. I mean it's, you know, it's wild how, how deranged they are. Yes. And he could, he could do it. But like I get high strung, I get aggressive, like he'll, he'll tell these people and he just slap 'em around like a little child. But just calm and collected and cool and like everyone saw it. And I knew I was finally vindicated. 'cause there were a lot of people in the press. All those butt hurt billionaires, you know, they were m fing me behind my back and Yes.


You know, and some of them even came up to me afterwards. Like, I hated you more than any person in politics for about a month and a half after the convention. But you were actually right. I was like, you should not have told me that. 'cause I don't forget these things. I know that. But it's fine. I've noticed a lot of people saying that. Like, I was completely wrong about JD Vance. I had no Idea. That's like the number one thing I hear right now. And So I knew I was good because half the time, you know, hey playing to the whole crowd. But like sometimes it's an audience of one. So, and that audience of one is a very powerful man. Yes. And it was after the debate, the vice presidential debate, I go do the spin room and I did like two hours of straight media, just like, you know, from American to like PBC and all like just, and my phone keeps ringing in my pocket and I'm like, okay, just mute, mute, mute.


'cause I figured, oh, it's just a bunch of people. Like great, you know, JD did great. I was like, it was actually no people. It was 15 like missed calls from my dad at two in the morning. And I'm like a guy, I'm gonna call him back. And I, and I do, he picks up on the first ring at two o'clock in the morning. He is kind of a machine. You know, Don, Don, I did that one for you Don, But that was a 10. There's not a lot of tens. That was a 10. And so it was finally like, okay, I don't care if I'm vindicated in the minds of the billionaire class, it means nothing to me. Like I fight for if I, if I didn't, if I cared about that, I would've stayed as a real estate developer in New York. Like I actually, you know, sort of, I'm basically a redneck on the weekends when I'm not, you know, in a suit or whatever doing those things.


That's what I like to do. Those are the people I hang out with. And so, you know, that was a, but the ultimate vindication was Yeah. Him finally being like, Hey man, this is a risk. It's a little bit of an unknown entity. He was, you know, senator for two years. Yes. And you know, while he clearly overperformed and everything, that was the ultimate 'cause I didn't care what anyone else thought. So that's, it was like he got it saw. That's very, very gratifying. And he understands talent better than anyone. Yeah. And that's so gratifying as a son and your father's like, you know what, you did really good. Yeah. This is really good. And, and like, thinking about that actually, I'm reminded of like, kind of one of the stories of the campaign was the influence that your family had over your dad. The one that kept, kept popping up is that your brother Baron, like, had advised him to do all of these podcasts to basically go outside of the traditional media, get out, get outta there, go to places where massive numbers of especially young people are watching Yeah.


And speak directly to them in these really long form interviews. Yeah. That was a huge success. Yeah. You know, I, but I'm not sure how involved Baron was with that. I think he definitely spoke to my dad about it. I was doing the same thing. Right. Were you, it's, well, it's sort of my world also, right? Yeah. Like Yeah, I know most of those guys. Or you know, and I was like, Hey, you gotta do this. And the thing about the long form stuff is, you know, if you're Kamala Harris, maybe you could, maybe she couldn't even get, you know, here's the four soundbites I get in a five minute interview on MSD nnc. Right. Usually you can crank those. Like I know the long form. Eventually you gotta let your guard down eventually. Right. You, you actually have something to say. And So I was like, I know he does, like, the Rogan thing was incredible, you know, and I was talking with Dana about making that happen for a while.


Dana White just be like, we gotta get him on there because he'll do so well. Like, yes. Because people are like, well, Trump doesn't know anything. Like when they started talking about like, the history of the Civil War, people were like, wait a minute. Like Trump actually has some serious depth in the, in these things that Yeah. He talked about he likes about McKinley's presidency. Yeah. And, and He's really some fairly random stuff, but, you know, historically important and critical to like where we are today. But like, you're like, wait a minute, Trump does have depth, he may not show it all the time. Sometimes you gotta get the soundbite out sometimes. Right. You know, you can't, you can't get to all of the detail. But I, I think it was so important he could do one after the other and he'd made the effort to go out there And it wasn't, there were no terms or conditions put in there.


Yes. You know, and, and everyone saw that. And you know, I don't know. Again, I don't know if it was a mistake or the smartest thing in the world for Kamala Harris to not have done those things. It's probably Better that She, because like Yeah. Is it worse that she didn't do it? Or is it worse that she would've done it and failed miserably? In my opinion, She would, would've failed. And that's because the left doesn't really subject itself to that kind of battle. They try to avoid it at all costs. They censor people in order to prevent debate. Yeah. They've Never had to have that battle because they had the media that would do it for them. Yeah. They had big tech that would do that for them. I mean, you know, anything that was sort of, you know, out outside of the rules would just be censored and shut down. It didn't matter. Right. The Hunter Biden laptop was always real. Everyone knew about it. The New York Post reported on N 2020. I wrote a book about some of these things in 2020.


It just never got out into the ether. It was not allowed. Yeah. Because it was contrary to where they wanted it to go. So they've never actually had to fight an intellectual battle. And, and when they do these days, they've gotten so accustomed to either having that support or just going right to like, it's racist, it's misogynist. It's like the easy button of today's left. Like yes. Anything we doesn't go with the talking points is racist. That just doesn't work anymore because people are, they're sort of over it. Yeah, no, they definitely are. I wanna talk to you about somebody else in the family. Your daughter Kai. Yes. So Kai Trump gets introduced to the whole planet when she goes and speaks to the Republican National Convention last year.


That of course happened right after your father was shot. Yeah. In Butler, Pennsylvania. Tell me kind of what, what's that, what is that like inside the family to make this decision that your now 17-year-old daughter is going to stand on a national sage and introduce her grandfather? Honestly, it wasn't a family decision. It was a hundred percent her. Like right, right. After that everyone's like, that was a brilliant move. My don Jr to try to humanize his father with his daughter. Like, you know, I was like, I would never, like, I'd never subject like my child to that. Yeah. You know, push it on them for like political gain. Like I know how wrong that can go if it goes bad. Sure. Yes. But like, she was, so how it all started was I got the rare call as a dad of a 17-year-old to be like, Hey dad, I want to hang out and go fishing today.


Like that doesn't happen very often. Right. It's like 17-year-old. It's like, if, if I get a call or even a response on a text message once every other, once every 10 texts, I'm like, I'm lucky. And and so did that Happen before the assassination? Oh yeah, that was before. So we were, that's, we were, she was like, early that morning I was like, okay, I'm dropping everything. 'cause this was a once in a year type call. Yes. I'm dropping everything. I'm taking her fishing. You know, we went offshore, we live right on the water, the in, in Florida. So we, you know, went offshore. We're having a great day. And I get the call like, your dad's been shot. I'm like, and you know, like, there's no degrees of good, you know, some calls are good or bad. Like there's no degrees of good in this. It's just, well, how bad. Well, we don't know.


And I, I, I'm telling her like, we gotta go. She's like, what do you mean we're having a, I was like, we gotta go. And I told her, and I guess the one thing that perhaps wasn't a total failure that day where they were smart enough to shut down, you know, communication. So we didn't know for 90 minutes. So did you, In this, in this 90 minute window, did you see the videos that we were all Seeing? Well, I was running a boat, you know, at about 50 miles an hour. Yes. You know, I, I set the, you know, probably the, the record through Jupiter Inlet and back to my house and think I may have blown through some no wake zones. I bet I think cops would've understood that if I got pulled over. So I was willing to take the chance, you know, get back to the house. And then I started seeing those videos. But again, you don't know, like I'm, you know, I'm a hunter, right? I Yes. I, I've, I've shot a deer that's dead. It just doesn't know it yet. It can run Yeah.


For, you know, a couple hundred yards and then, you know, so you don't know. You come back to find, but you, you're bleeding out slowly or whatever it may be. Yeah. So I, I didn't know it took about 90 minutes by that time, you know, most of my family is at my house and my kids, you know, my ex the kids, everyone's there. My brother's on the phone, we're on speaker phone trying to, you know, get through Ivanka's on the other line and we're like, what is going on? Yeah. We, we don't know. Finally a call comes in from, from my dad's, you know, people or whatever it is. And we're like, And it, his voice was the first voice we heard. I was like, oh God, okay. Thank like, yes, fine.


That's like the, the, the initial adrenaline dump. But you're still pretty, you know, wired up. What did he say? Well, you know, I'm, I'm usually the guy that, I'm the icebreaker 'cause I'll say the stuff that most people will, and I was like for, I just said first, the first thing I said once I knew he was okay, was like, by the way, that was the most badass thing I've ever seen. Because like, you know, everyone thinks they're a tough guy, especially these days on the internet, right? Yeah. Yep. Behind a keyboard in mommy's basement. Like everyone's a a tough guy. Right. It's shot in the face and you come back ready to fight. Amazing. That's cool. That's badass. That's, that's the actual test. Most people, you know, that get tested, you know, 90% of them are gonna fail in that situation. Very few are gonna, you know, rise to the occasion.


Yes. You know, understand what was happening. Ironically at the RNC that following week, you know, two guys came up to me like, Hey man, I were in the separately, I I was in the stands at Butler and like, people were gonna die 'cause there was gonna be a stampede. 'cause no one knew what was going on. And he goes, when your dad stood up, everyone was like, they calmed down. Yes. And it was like they, they, they then left quietly and peacefully. But like, they were like, they felt it shaking. Like two separate people told me that. I was like, I never thought about that. He was like, oh, he saved lives that day by doing what he did instead of, you know, just staying undercover and rushing away where people would've been panicked. But so we, we finally do this. I told him that was the most badass thing ever. There's some conversation, but it's still like a really, you know, heavy moment. So I was like, ugh, I, I gotta, I gotta break the ice on this one and just be like, listen, with all of this I gotta ask, most importantly, how is the hair?


He goes, the hair hair's fine. It's a little bloody done. The hair's fine. And everyone sort of had a laugh And it was maybe that, like, that release we all, all needed. Yeah. You know, to have that done. But it was, you know, that night was sort of interesting 'cause you're sort of, the adrenaline is going and when, when that adrenaline dump hit, it was like, you know, it it, it crushes you. Yeah. So, you know, I woke up the next morning to Kai, you know, calling me and she's like, and that was the week of the RNC. She goes, I'm speaking at the RNC. I'm like, oh. Like really? Like I, I, I, I was not aware of that. I've been working on this for a while. I guess I'll go bump some senator or governor.


Like, are you serious? Like, you've never given a speech in your life. Your first speech is gonna be in front of like 40,000, whatever it is, live audience and tens of millions on tv. She's like, I don't care. Like, and it's not because she's political, but like, she has spent more time with my dad than probably I have. Right. She's his golfing buddy. She's, you know, great at it. They play every weekend. She like, I will catch her. You know, we'll be hanging out on a weekend or whatever it is. And you know, she'll be talking to someone about like little pop culture things. I'm like, Hey guy, we gotta go do something. Like, you gotta quit talking to your friends. Like there's, And it, she's like, I'm not talking to my friends. I'm like, well, like you're talking about whatever it may be Taylor Swift or whoever, I probably not Taylor Swift, but like, something like that.


And she's like, I'm talking to grandpa. I'm like, wait, really? Like, like grandpa's having like this kind of pop culture teen kind like I thought it was like another high school kid or whatever it is. Yeah. And it's grandpa for 30 minutes and it's sort of funny. So they have this great relationship. That's great. So, you know, that's how it started. And she was very adamant about it. 'cause again, I would never put her in that fire. So I called my dad. Yep. And I'm like, Hey listen, Kai just called me. She wants to speak at the RNC. And he just goes, whoa. 'cause he understands what happens if she, if it fails. Right? Sure. Like they'll destroy her. They're, you know, we don't get the Hunter Biden treatment. No. Leave the 50-year-old son alone. He's just a child. He's a child. Leave him alone. You know, we don't get that treatment. We don't get the benefit of the doubt.


And he just goes, that's a big one. Okay. You know what? That kid's a winner. Let her do it. Like she'll be fine. Let's Pick up on this. I wanna pick up on the other side of this and more on your daughter Kai speaking at the Republican National Convention Donald Trump Jr. In the house. This is awesome. What's going on guys?


Alright. You look, you've seen it before. When disaster strikes grocery store shelves can go empty overnight. The worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. By then it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis even comes. And right now they're making it easier than ever. Order their four week emergency food supply today and get 4 72 hour food kits completely free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years. That's real peace of mind. No last minute panic, no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered. Stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits food really could be the first thing to go go. So go to prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit. Plus an extra 12 days of food for free almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, that's prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit plus an extra 12 days of food free. Prepare with VINCE dot com.


And this, I've been using the bond charge infrared sauna blanket and the red light face mask since they sent them to me and my wife and we can't recommend them enough. I first turned to the sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery detoxification. It's become a total game changer and it's very easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up, let the infrared heat work its magic And it creates a real difference in how you relax and rejuvenate and how you feel afterward. The red light face mask is equally impressive. I've been using it to help improve my skin's texture and reduce inflammation. I've seen some fantastic results and it's like having a mini spot treatment for you right at home. So if you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head to bond charge.com and use the code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on me and they will for you too. You're gonna love them. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com to save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


The chat is going absolutely wild. Everybody's excited about Donald Trump Jr. Being here in the house today. Glad to do it. Thank you Guys. Thank you for that. And they were, they, they love your description of Tim Walz performing in the Nutcracker with jazz hands. Yeah. So great fingers. I'm just like, like I again. Yeah. It was always amazing to me. So I loved watching it happen because like I, you know, obviously, you know, on my Rumble show or whatever, I'd highlight these things, but like, people were like, yeah, we know it's ridiculous. It's like, and I was like, it wasn't even one of those things that you have to point out to people. Yes. Like you, you know, oh, now, now that you've said it, now I see what you're saying. That's all you can say. You didn't need to say anything. Yeah. Just please just give him the mic.


Let let him come out. You know, jazz up the music and like he's gonna do it to himself. It was great. So good. All right. So the microphone of course goes to your daughter, Kai. Yeah. So, so you said, you just described how you called your dad and said, Hey, Kai would like to speak. He considered it for a moment and said, great. She's a star. It's gonna be great. So she does. Yeah. How, how many audiences has she addressed prior to that Event? I think it was literally like her, her first speech, I think as a, as a kid, she did one or two little rallies when, meaning like the first like in 20 15, 20 16 when She was, what, like seven or nine years old. She's like, Gimme the mic. Literally out of like the back of a pickup truck at like a tailgate party. I think she spoke at like the Florida State, the, the Florida game one time, I guess Florida, Georgia.


And you know, she said Merry Christmas at some rally in Grand Rapids, I think it was, or Cedar Falls when, when we were doing, you know, in that. And like otherwise, she was just a kid with Merry Christmas. I was like, you did great. That's not, you know, but by the way, for some people that's still hard to do right. In front of a crowd of thousands of people. But so, you know, she does this thing and you know, she's, you know, very confident, you know, going in and then we get to the actual event when, you know, you do a warmup when it's empty, it's easier right when you walk. And she was like, she's, she's like, oh boy. I was like, just relax. Talk a thousand times slower than you think you need to do. And you're gonna be, you're gonna do great. And and we went out there and, you know, I, I guess, you know, over the Trump jeans I got, you know, luckily the total lack of stage fright.


Like I want the mic not, I don't want to give it back. I want a larger crowd, not a smaller crowd. That's right. Right. It's frankly easier for me. But that was the most nervous I've ever been on a stage. And like I, I wasn't even the guy at the mic. I'm just standing five feet behind her. 'cause I, I, again, I, I know, I know what happens if, if there's even a yes, if there's a hiccup. Yep. You know, you saw it the next day. I, I knew it hit home the next day when the lovely ladies of the view are like, that was terrible exploitation of a minor. They should be ashamed of themselves. I'm like, you guys exploit like, wait, this daughter's, she's pushing the patriarchy or like whatever the soundbites. In fairness, NBC is exploiting an entire table of mentally ill people to the view It think it's very fair.


Tell true, fair. Yeah. So like, I was literally, I would, I would never do that. I would never do that to my kids. Like I, I care too much about my kids, unlike like the left, who's more than happy to let their kids mutilate themselves. Yeah. That's not for me. But you know, that was sort of nervous. It was interesting 'cause then I had to speak afterwards And it was like such a proud moment for me. Like I had a hard time focusing on Yeah. On getting back to like what I needed to do. That's cool. And then, you know, deliver more of a don speech. Like air speech wasn't even political. It was just like, but like it drove these people nuts that, you know, maybe there's a chance that Donald Trump is actually human. I mean, it doesn't matter that there's countless stories of people that he's helped throughout his life. Right. They're just never gonna get So I air coverage So I know. So I know that you and of course your father are very accustomed to negative press, so it probably rolls off you for the most part.


Yeah. You probably don't care that much, but it's gotta be different to see press. Yeah. Like scrutiny of your kid. So your daughter's not even 18 yet. She's 17 right now and already like in the last day. I know she's, she's a great golfer that and everyone's keeping track of her latest golf tournament and writing all these negative headlines about her. Oh, she's not, first of all, she's way better than everybody writing stories about her. Yeah. And, and second it's gotta be tough as a dad to see intense sort of negative scrutiny Yeah. Placed on your kid. Yeah. You know, and, and some of it's, you know, what's interesting now is, I mean, you know, a year ago the number one comment I'd get from people, it's like, I love your Instagram feed 'cause you just don't care. And it's all memes and like Yeah. Occasional family stuff or whatever it may be.


Now it's like, hey, you know, like liberals come up to me and they're like, you know, my daughter really loves Kai and I'm just like, wow. Didn't see that come. And it, it's, it, it's sort of interesting. She, she's she's done an incredible job breaking out the, the negative stuff. It is, it, it hit my superpower. Yes. In politics or business is like, I legitimately don't care what other people say. It allows me to do what I do. Right. It's why I don't ever pull back. It's why I'm uncomfortable being aggressive. 'cause if you don't like it, I don't give a shit. Like, it doesn't matter to me. Like it, I'm going to do it anyway. And like, it's harder when it's, when it's your kid. I bet. But you know, generally speaking, I think, you know, it, it's been pretty good. Again, I, I don't get the trait.


She had actually a pretty good piece today in the Washington Post. I haven't even had a chance to read it. But like, friends who have, they're like, wow, I saw it. I read it. That's the permission slip for them to attack me harder. 'cause they're like, look, we're being fair. We, we were nice to a 17-year-old girl so we can destroy Don next week or something. I read it this morning And it is, it's very glowing And it talks about how she's like kind of the, she's like the humanizing force for the Trump White House. It's, and in a way it's kind of a backhanded compliment to her. It's like everyone else is like completely unhuman, but she's very human. But this is what we call in journalism a beat sweetener. Yeah. It's like you write a really nice piece just to like, oh, like maybe we'll get the Trump family to like us again. And then boom, they're trying to Hit you. I didn't punch you. You know, listen at, at this point with the Washington Post, I imagine that's a lost cause for me.


I I if if they're, if they're decent to a 17-year-old, I I'm all for it. That's hopefully, hopefully, hopefully that's the start. I mean I, yeah. My understanding and I haven't even had a chance to read it yet, but you know, it, it, it sort of talked her more on a political thing and that's her like, she's trying to not get anything. Yeah. She's like, it's not political at all. I think that's what makes it, And it doesn't have to be. She's like, it's not my world. I don't wanna do that. So, you know, they're trying to make it more like, well it's just a political force. It's like she has nothing. She, she's talking to young kids and like, I think, you know, a a kid that's, you know, just, you know, clean cut and works hard And it a straight A student and as a good athlete, you know, like maybe that's a better role model in some of the stuff that's being pushed on us. Like, you know, you're not good unless you have nose rings and rainbow colored free care sort like confusion and utilize your body confusion.


Exactly. Confuse you're confused and you hate your country and your parents. Like that's the ideal child. It was sort of like, oh wow. Like it's refreshing that like maybe you can have a normal role model for a change. So, so one of the cool things that they did focus on in that piece, that Washington Post piece is just what she's doing with social media. Yeah. And bringing people inside of this world that nobody else has access to. Not even like, you know, those top Trump, Trump donors or anybody else. This is the granddaughter to the president. So she goes to a bunch of cool events and she captures them. And in the process she gets to meet a lot of cool people, including Elon Musk. And Kai, I think in the last 24 hours has posted a video. Can we play this? This is a video from, from Kai Trump. Donald Trump Jr's daughter. Apparently she has just received a Tesla from, from Elon Musk.


This oh boy. Oh shoot. Yeah, that was fast. I don Know that was, that was, so Elon got this one for me 'cause they didn't make it at the time on my grandpa. Like got me one, he got me like the soup dump version. So it's 0 62 0.6 seconds, which is insane. Well, this Is 2.6 seconds. 2.60. Yeah. Then you zero 60 For sure. So like, my dad is, I think his car is like 3.2 seconds or whatever. Oh, smoked him. Well, I, I drive a big truck, but it's a fast. I drive a T Rx I love it. Like it's, it's a great car. And I was like, okay, I gotta see, you know what, what it'll do relative to the cyber truck. Yeah. The the cyber truck is like super ridiculous. Like, I've never, like off the line.


It's faster than most sports cars. Yeah. It's, it, you know, they're, they're both, you know, 7,000 pound trucks, so they're both super fast. I 700 horsepower. Like Yes. How do you feel about your daughter having a faster car than you right now? I, Well, I just, I listen, I, I think we gotta like break that down even like further. Like how do I feel about my 17-year-old daughter driving period? Like, it's like I'm still a dad. I'm just like, I don't like this. You don't need a super, but it's a big heavy car. True So I, I, I like that. You know, so, yeah. So I, it's good. I think that that one came about. I think it was funny. Kai was playing with my dad, you know, and, and Elon called about something and he was just like, you know, Elon, you know, I, I, my granddaughter needs a new car. What do you recommend? And like, he is like this, my, my dad got her a cyber truck.


It was like, he just here take the, it was, it was pretty, pretty funny. She calls me, I'm like, like my dad never did that to me. Like, if I wanted a truck, it was like, oh, you can go. You know, it was like, get a job, you something crappy and if you wanna upgrade it, you're gonna have to work for it. I'm like, wait, you're just giving her cyber drugs? I mean, her truck is nicer than me. I'm like 47. Yes. Are you concerned that your dad likes her better than you? Oh, bad. How about, It's not even a concern because like, there's no reason to be concerned about something that's very obvious. That's funny. You know, I think, yeah. I always joke, I like Kai and it's because of golf, you know, like, I don't even play golf, so I'm like the black sheep in the Trump family. I barely play golf. I was good, but I never loved it. So I just sort of, I have my other hobbies that keeps me busy. So I'm the black sheep. I'm out of the will by not playing golf.


Oh, that's funny. She is. She's probably the recipient in my stead. So, So you, you said I was, I wanted to ask about this. How did you get into hunting? Is your dad a hunter at all? No. Has he ever gone with you? No. No. He, you know, can't teach an old dog new tricks. No. My dad loves golf. That's all, that's what he's passionate about. I, I was pretty good. Like, he always gets mad at me 'cause he was like, you know, I'll pick up a club after not picking up a club for two years and always had a really good swing. And he's like, you'd be a plus two if you played bye. I'm like, you know, but when I'm out there, I'm like, I look at the water and I'm like, man, I wonder if there's fish in there. I can go fishing. Or like, you know, you Wander off like, yeah. It's just, it was never a passion of mine. So it's like, you know, I used to probably do it a lot to play with him. And then I remember with my ex, one night I came home and I was like, man, I didn't do anything all weekend.


I got a busy week of, she's like, you play golf like three times. Like, what do you like, what do you mean? I'm like, oh, like I thought of it more as work instead of fun. And so like, I'm happy to, like most of my kids play. Like I love it for them. Yeah. It was just never for me. And you gotta kind of do what, what you want. I got into it, sort of got into the outdoors. My grandfather was a blue collar, you know, electrician from Communist Czechoslovakia. I spoke the language fluently. I started going over there very young. My mom, I think, and him, maybe my dad a little bit, were like, okay, like you're living on like the 70th floor of Trump Tower. Like you have to experience the other side of life. So I spent, you know, a month plus every summer in what was then Communist Czechoslovakia in the early eighties. Yeah. I had friends spoke the language, you know, got me in into the outdoors.


Like, there's the woods I'll see at dark. And so it was like, it was like America. If you step back in time, like 70 years, where, you know. So I got some of that experience as a child. Fell in love with it. I went to boarding school in eighth grade. Just wanted to get out of New York City. It was my parents going through a rough divorce and like all that. I was like, you know what, I just want to be here. Went to boarding school in Central Pennsylvania and you know, a couple guys there saw that I love the outdoor stuff. Took me under their wing. Got me, you know, shooting guns. I mean, I shot air guns and stuff like that earlier and, but like fly fishing and air guns and this, I, and I just fell in love. And the second I could drive. Well, 'cause your life is so busy and the environments you're describing are meditative. Like, you can just like get escape out and be alone's. They're like, what Do you like, I can't, I have totally a DD about everything, but like, you know, I can go in the mountains without a phone for 10 days, come back out and it's like, you know, now you, within about four hours of catching up on emails, I'm usually back to the stress level.


I was before. But that, that's sort of my release. And So I just, I just love being out there. That's cool. Whether it's fishing, hunting, just shooting. But your dad never had an interest. He was never into that. I've seen him shoot like once or twice, but that's about it now. It was you, you're not gonna change him. You know what I mean? It's, my dad's the guy that like, I, and it's why he's probably successful at so many things. Like he's the guy that can't even understand why, like, you may not like the same music that he does. He's like, no, but this is the best mu Like he's, he's, he's So, he he's very proud of his playlist. Yeah. Oh no. He's, you know, DJ Trump is a, you know, DJ Trump is a thing that's, that's Mar-a-Lago. He'll sit there and do it all night. And I'm like, okay, I gotta go. 'cause it's playing so loud. I can't hear. I'm not having, it's like you hate music. I'm like, I don't hate music. I just like, if I can't have a conversation.


'cause you're like, we're playing so loud, I don't feel the need to sit here That long. I think back to, it was the 2016 election and we were on the road. It was the New Hampshire primary. And if you recall that night, it was very snowy, the debate. Oh, I remember that one. Yeah. There was a, the debate occurred. Marco Rubio was having a lot of trouble on stage. We don't talk about that now 'cause Rubio's wonderful. No, but Rubio was having trouble on stage. And so that night we went to the only steakhouse. It was me and a couple daily caller reporters and Tucker Carlson. We all went to a, a, the only steakhouse that was open that night. Yeah. And we're sitting there enjoying our meal and the secret service comes walking in a few minutes later. It's a almost empty restaurant. And sure enough, right after they come in and scan the restaurant, your entire family walks in and everybody walks in to have dinner and, and President Trump stops by the table.


Not yet president. And my buddy Alex Pappas says to him, asks a reporter, he goes, Hey, I can ask you about your playlist. He goes, you've got like, you know, like the Rolling Stones, you've got like Elton John Go right to Pavar. You've Got, you've got like all these like, like, like basically foreign performers. Like what about like a lot more American performers? He asked and and your dad just stopped him? And he said, no, no, no, no, no, no. My playlist is amazing. Don't you love it? And he just, he just didn't even care what the question was. He was like, I'm telling you, I have a great playlist. Yeah. It's the best. Which was a hoot. I just loved. It's funny. I remember that there, that was a, that was an interesting one. Yeah, that was a crazy time. I mean the, the the 16, the 16 elections sort of for me is sort of the, the most nostalgic, like it was the most fun, wasn't it?


Because Well, 'cause there was no expectation of us actually winning. Right. It was like, I, like, I'm gonna fight as hard as I possibly can. Like my, my, you know, it was like even no matter what, like you, you watch cnn, you know, it's like you have no chance. You have 0% chance act confident. If We got 1% of, if we outperformed by 1%, that's a win based on what we were saying. So, and In public, everybody acts confident. But I will say, I talked to people like really good Trump people that morning of the, of election day and they were like, We'll see. Yeah, We'll see, we'll see what Happens. I was like, we're gonna overperform, like we're gonna do so much better than anyone thought. But like, Come on. How do you beat that? Yeah. You know, when, when they started with Russia collusion, I'm like collusion. Like, we, we couldn't collude to order a cheeseburger. Like we didn't know anything what was going, like we would, it's like no one knew what they were doing.


It was like we had, we had a good message. My father, ironically as a billionaire from New York, knows real people. Yes. Because, you know, he spent all his time on construction sites. Perhaps it's why Eric and I, you know, we grew up on construction sites too. It's probably why I talked the way I do. But like we were, we weren't sheltered from real people. Yeah. Like so many people in Washington DC are, even people that are in Congress that are supposed to live amongst Right. Their constituents. They have no idea about these people. So like I understood and appreciated the irony that, you know, this brash billionaire from New York was the guy that could actually resonate with blue collar workers. I just, 'cause he actually spent time with them. Yeah. A lot. But like, you didn't think you were gonna win. You didn't have the staffing, you didn't have. So it was like, I don't know, like gimme a mic somewhere and I'll, I'll be fine.


Like, so it was, it was fun. It was cool. It was easy from that perspective. Yes. Once you have an infrastructure and then you're expected this, it's like, wow, this kind of sucks. It's, You know, one of the, my favorite memories from election night 2016, I was there at the Midtown Hilton where you held the victory party. And we, it was early in the morning, we get that announcement that he won the presidency and then he comes out. And the way that that room is structured, there was a, there was a big, almost like a catwalk that you walk across and you walk down some stairs and then you come onto the main stage. And on that catwalk was the entire Trump family. Everybody that, you know from the presidential campaign, president Trump was in the front. And I guess, I think this was his choice.


He was playing the theme music from Air Force One, which is like, it's like, it's a very kind of like emotional like American Yeah. Theme that people just think of. It was so resonant and all of you walked down on that stage together. And I just remember being in utter shock at what I was viewing. Like in a good way. Just like, Oh, me too. I, I turned to a buddy buddy and I go, America just elected Donald Trump, president of the United States. Yeah. And he gave a thank you speech. He thanked every single person on that stage, except for Mike Pence. Because I Guess it turns out like, like all Trump was, all Trump's always right about everything. It just sometimes takes a while to figure it out. Isn't that funny? Yeah. Like if all is right, people he didn't thank on stage. Like literally the only person who didn't thank was his running mate. Every single person he thanked, he literally was like, I think he was like thanking the janitors.


He was thanking everybody but Mike Pence for some reason. Do you, do you remember that night? I do. I I I do. So I remember right before that, like I was like videoing the Hillary call, which was pretty awesome. Yes. I don't even know if I've ever posted that. I, I probably should. Oh, you should. It's shelf life Good Now call. Yeah. No, it's just like, 'cause I was like, this is really happening. 'cause I was like, you know, again, I felt we'd overperformed without question. I, you know, I I was, I was the guy on the ground more than probably anyone in terms of like getting into real America. That's sort of what I did. You know, I wasn't the guy that was gonna manage data. 'cause I was like, you know, I'm good. I'm pretty good with a mic. I figured that out. Like send me, yeah. You know, running a campaign wouldn't have been my strong suit then I was much more involved in those, you know, that apparatus this time because I'd figured it out after three terms.


Now I actually have, you know, some credibility to stand back on. Like, I get how this works. Right. That time I didn't know anything. And so yeah, that was a, that was an amazing night. I mean I don I don't think I ever went to sleep 'cause it was just like, yeah, I tried at like six in the morning to go to bed for an night and I was like, like, what do we do now? Yes. Right. Sometimes the dog catches the car. Right. It was like, yeah. And you know, the, the difference in, you know, same thing happened this time around. It was like four o'clock in the morning. It was like, you know, when we won in in November And it was like, this was different though. I was like, yes. I got like two hours of sleep and I'm like, okay, now we're gonna staff him with people. We're not just gonna listen to Chris Christie or some other guy pushing their buddies that suck or, you know, are barely conservative or Ryan o' neocons or they have an Rx to their name and maybe some cred, but they'll sell you down the river in two seconds to make sure that they can position themselves better for some lobbying contract or whatever it may be.


Yeah. You know, this time it was like, okay, we're gonna get to work and we're gonna give him the best cabinet we can possibly give him. So let me end where we started basically where I was asking you about JD Vance. I saw something recently that some reporter asked you if you are planning on running for president of the United States. Yeah. And you basically said you told this reporter they were an idiot for six Minutes. I actually told 'em they were retarded. Retarded. They were like, are you gonna use that as your quote? I'm like, yes. That is my official, you are a retarded born like that. That was my official response. You can quote me. Well, 'cause they, they try, you know, I see what they do in Paul. Right. They, that's why we did sort of the, the Bobby Kennedy thing. Yeah. Like we did it quiet because if everyone found out And it started leaking, then they'll find a way to make sure it doesn't happen.


Yeah. Right. They'll find a way to break it up if you give them the time to do that. You see them doing that now. You know, Don Junior's running for president. Like there's polls that had me tied with JD couple and like why would I like assuming I'm not also retarded. And what's nice is we're bringing back the word retarded. Right. Like gay and retarded are back in the vernacular. I'm just saying it, it's fine. It was probably every other word out of all of our high school lives. Yeah. You know, then it became, And it was a totally cancelable offense now. Like people are for while, you know, over the cancel nonsense. It actually has nothing to do with being gay or retarded, like as we know never did. But that doesn't stop 'em. But you know, they're trying to create these schisms like, but I just replied back, be like, and it's like the last quote at the bottom of the story.


So they're like, oh, Doug Jr's running and like, we can create a problem. And like my quote is the most aggressive like shut down quote ever. Yes. And it, my, my thesis in the rest of the quote was basically like, listen, assuming I'm not an idiot and I had the vision to like, you know, help kinda help curate a guy that's a great talent and push for sure use all of my political capital for maybe the next 50 years to make that happen. Like why would I nurture that kind of talent instead of letting some, you know, puppet of the billionaire class go in there that if I really wanted to run, I'd probably destroy in a primary in 2028. Like why would I create like a much harder competition? Wouldn't I be knifing? Yes.


Like if I, if I played the game like everyone else in DC wouldn't I be knifing our best talent to clear an easier path for me if I actually wanted to do that? So yeah, maybe one day. You never know, I'm never gonna rule anything out, but like, you know, I wanna make sure we have a long bench of great talent. Yep. It's not just about Trump. I think he's the catalyst we need. I think he is, he's perhaps one of the only guys that can do what we need to do right now. Maybe the only guy, probably the only guy that can do what we need to do right now. Just take on everything and just not care. You know, I don't wanna say burn it down. 'cause then they'll say I'm encouraging violence even though they're burning down Tesla stations all over the world. Of course. But like, he's the guy that can do that. But you need that bench of guys that can follow through and keep it going and not just revert back to the insanity of the past.


And so I think there's, I think J D's done an incredible job, but like I said, the, this four years we've actually started curating some real talent. And whether that's for 28 or for 32 or for, you know, 36, we, we have, we actually have a bench of warriors now. Yep. And that's absolutely awesome. Okay. Alright. I know we're up against it and Rumble's got a great lineup. So we're sending it to each guy, including to Steven Crowder coming up next. But before we get there, hey fellas, can you zoom in on this real fast for me? This is the Donald Trump signed flesh and blood card. Flesh and Blood is the name of the card game. This is the first time. I don't even know what that is by the way. Me neither. Gee is our executive producer and he got President Trump to sign this making this one of the most valuable cards he owns. He loves this game. He asked me because he is not here today to get you to sign this one deal.


Would you mind? Not at all. All right, here we go. Ah, this is big All. I'm gonna move the mic a little bit. Here we go. Check the names of the two cards. Check the names. Okay, there we go. We got a Donald Trump Jr. Signature. The, the Donald Trump card is called Gold apparently. And this one The Golden Sun. Oh wow. I like that. I like that too. I'll take it. Alright. Hey Donald Trump Jr. Thanks a lot VINCE. Thank you very much. Good to talk to you. Stephen Crowder is up next right here on Rumble.