
Hey, good morning to you. How you doing? Nice to see you again. It's the VINCE. Well, it's, is it the VINCE? It's the VINCE podcast. That's what it's called. It's VINCE, welcome back. Great to have you with us. Had a huge interview with the President of the United States yesterday. We'll talk about some of the reaction to the President's remarks here on the program today. Also, I want to get into a crazy hearing, an absolutely crazy hearing as NPR and PBS put up the worst possible case for why you should keep having your money stolen from your paycheck and given to them. And a look at some of the big, and that's right, elections happening all across the country right now, for real, and why you should care about each and every one of them.


We'll talk about that, and we're gonna bring in the great economist, EJ and Tony. He's gonna stop by and tell us all about President Trump's latest tariff gambit. He is putting tariffs on all of those auto imports that's ahead on VINCE, but first we have to thank one of our great sponsors who makes all of this possible.


Did you know that Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? Of course, they're happy, they have fast-growing plants. They have all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. Order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. In fact, they're helping me with a brand new yoshino cherry blossom that I can't wait to get in the yard. I'm actually very excited for it. They're starting to blossom now, so I'll get the full effect next year after this fast growing tree takes hold this spring, they have the best deals for your yard, up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to this show get 15% off their first purchase when they use the code VINCE at checkout. Use the code, VINCE, that's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com using the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid for eight limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


Yeah, what did you think of the interview with the president of the United States yesterday? I'm interested in your feedback today because we really, we really had a, we had a great time having the president on, so just to give you some behind the scenes of how this all works with the president for weeks now. I've been trying to get the president on the show. I, because obviously this is the guest everybody wants to talk to. He's very, very coveted guest. So my game was, let's reach out to him. Let's try, let's try. And so we did over and over and over again. You know, you just keep working on it until you finally land something. And then a couple days ago, we had a se, we started to get an indication that this was going to happen, and they began sending the basic questions of does it have to be live?


Can we do it by phone? Can we do it a little bit before the show? Would you be able to prerecord? Is that possible? And the answer to those questions when it comes to the president of the United States is, yes, yes, whatever you need, let's just make this happen. I just wanted to make it as comfortable as possible. I mean, in fairness, my first offer was, Hey, can we do this at the White House? I wanna do this with the president. Sit down, get the camera crew in there. You know, just set everything up, make it super easy for him. Have him come in, sit down and we chat. And, but no, but that's okay. I'll take what I can get. We got a phone interview yesterday and just before, so the, the interview itself happened at 9:00 AM Eastern so that everybody knows specifically it was 9:00 AM Eastern.


So it was just an hour before we were able to actually launch at 10 o'clock. And you got to see it in all of its glory yesterday. And when we have the president on, the way it works when you connect to the president of the United States is you don't just call him, it's not a direct phone line to the president. There's a, a series of people who you have to speak to in the communications shop. So we get the phone call, we, the way that we handled the phone call yesterday, do you guys, do you guys wanna hear this? Do you wanna hear the logistics of how the phone call gets connected ultimately to us? Lemme see. I'll check the chat. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll shorten out the details if you want, or I'll just keep going. Let's see. Lisa, Bea wants to know, who the hell is this, VINCE, and why is he suddenly showing up?


Help Lisa out, would you? Okay. Yeah, people wanna hear the details. All right, I'll tell you. So the way things are happening right now is I'm in Washington DC as you can see, I'm at the Rumble studio. Can we take the wide shot for a moment? I'm in the full, this is the Rumble Studio, obviously. This is beautiful. Look at that, that beautiful Rumble logo up there. We gotta feature that more. When EJ gets here, you're gonna see more of that. We we're in Washington DC and the other side of this is we've got Silver Lock Studios in Florida where the team is down there right now producing all of this for me, making this happen, making sure it gets to you. And then in order to take a phone call in, in all of this, we rely on the guy who's an expert at arranging phone interviews. That's Jim Verde.


Jim is the radio producer for the VINCE Show. He's sitting in Dallas waiting by the phone, just hovering over the phone, waiting for the White House to call at nine o'clock in the morning yesterday. So all of us are, I'm, I'm here earpiece in microphone, ready to go. Everything's recording. We're literally just waiting for a phone call to come in because it's the president of the United States. You know, everyone's ready. I'm in my suit and tie. I'm all ready to go. I'm not, this is not a Zelensky moment. We're, we're gonna do this, right? This is the president of the United States phone call rings, and I can hear the whole exchange feeding to me in this earpiece here from Dallas. Jim answers the phone. He's a professional, total professional. Jim has amazing phone etiquette, answers it, and he says, this is Jim for VINCE.


Actually, you know, it's funny. He told me yesterday, he's so used to saying that you're calling D for Dan Bonino. That he started saying that he started Dan, but he paused himself and he goes, we for VINCE, he says, and then the White House on the other end is a White House communications person, one of the president's top comms people who said, okay, standby. We're gonna start adding other people. And so with the way it works with the president is they add every communications person you could possibly imagine over the course of the next two minutes is like, well, standby Caroline Levitt's being connected, standby. Stephen Chung's being connected, standby. And there's one after the other. Each person is added to the line. And the way this, the reason this happens, of course, is because all of them need to monitor what the president of the United States is actually saying on the show.


That way, when they're asked about it later, Hey, what is the president's opinion on this? They were all listening to it. They all heard him say this. They're all ready to answer questions on this subject. And so each of them, one by one by one, and finally, the guy whose job it is to connect you to the president of the United States says, make sure, is everybody here? Yep, everybody's here. Okay, standby. We'll connect you to the President's hard line. And then before you know it, hello. Hello, Mr. President, great to talk to you again. Just hold on for a moment. I'm gonna introduce you and we'll kick things off. Okay, VINCE, and boom, we were off and you got to hear the rest of it yesterday. So in case you're wondering, there's a lot going on behind the scenes to just get the president on the phone.


Did anybody notice yesterday though, that he, he didn't, he sounded a little under the weather during that call. He sounded, he sounded just a touch under the weather or something by the afternoon. Yeah, people did notice. I'm looking here, people notice by the afternoon he did sound like he got some more energy in him. That's normal. If you're feeling sick, you know how it is in the morning you wake up and you're like trying to hack out whatever you've got in your lungs. By the afternoon, he was doing press conferences and he sounded a lot better. He, whatever, whatever, however many diet cokes it took to took him to get into peak performance, he was back in action. But yesterday he did sound a little bit under the weather, and I got a lot of messages from you guys saying that you were concerned about his wellbeing.


People lifting up prayers for him. That's always good. You gotta pray for our president. And yeah, so something was going on with him. But I will say, just in terms of the coverage of yesterday's interview, we had a lot of incoming, a lot of people wanted to talk about what he said related to the Atlantic signal story, which is at this point is, is so worn out and stupid. And it really is just a left wing attempt to try and unseat the Trump presidency. It's like, oh, we smell blood in the water. Let's see if we can use this to take him down. But some of my favorite moments with the president yesterday included when he was talking about Jasmine Crockett. Did you hear him going off on Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett yesterday? I, I don't know what it is.


The magic words to all of this are just Jasmine Crockett. You say that, or you just say, Democrat leadership. And President Trump went off in a like a million miles per hour yesterday talking about Jasmine Crockett. Take a look at cut three. Here he is talking Jasmine Crockett yesterday on this program. Well, nobody knows, you know, they don't have a leader. They have a girl named Crockett who is, there's something wrong with her. She can't speak. No, she can't speak, she can't get the words out of her mouth. She is, I I can't see her going very far in politics. Yeah, you can't see her going very well in politics.


Yeah, she is ghetto. Says Beauty on duty River one says, Jasmine crock of crap. FJP 13 says, no way Dan Bonino show will be the same without Dan and Crew. Perhaps he should have retired it entirely. Like get rid of this stream entirely. I have no motivation to watch as I did with Dan FJP needs. You need some field of greens. FJ VINCE is smart, thank you for that. But does not parallel Dan's charisma. You know, I'm gonna do what I can. I'm gonna give you some energy here. I'm gonna give you some energy here. What is the thing that everyone wants me to, everyone keeps asking me to do karate? Am I, I got, I gotta do Dan's karate moves to get everybody fired up.


Thank you for that. I thank you for the constructive criticism. I, I appreciate it. Alright, so anyway, the president did great. We had a lot of great coverage of it yesterday. I love that. And in fact, on this issue of how sick was he? Well, let me dip, dip into something he did later in the day. He did the, he announced a tariff, 25% tariff on all the imported cars and car parts coming into the United States. And the New York Times was very upset about this. And they're very upset because foreigners are very upset about this. Take a look. Here's President Trump announcing 25% tariffs on all of these imported cars.


And what we're going to be doing is a 25% tariff on all cars that are not made in the United States. If they're made in the United States, there's absolutely no tariff. We start off with a two and a half percent base, which is what we were at. And we go to 25%. Yeah, 25%. And that's just, that's not just on imported cars, that's imported car parts as well. A disruptive to the auto industry to be sure. But left out of so much of the media coverage is the fact that President Trump has been making the case for the American auto industry. Why is it that places like Japan and South Korea and Germany and all of these other auto manufacturing countries, they do everything they can to make sure their cars get into the United States, but then simultaneously they do everything that they can to prevent American cars from getting into their countries.


That's the arrangement. And President Trump hates this arrangement because he says, we're getting a raw deal. It's not working out for us here. And what I wanna do is I wanna restore American manufacturing, American economy, the American greatness. And so we have a president who's thinking principally about that. And also, by the way, using the threat and the existence of these tariffs to compel further behaviors on the part of some of these countries that we need help with. So for instance, Mexico and Canada, do you realize how big the auto industry is there? The American consuming auto industry in Mexico and Canada, they have assembly plants there, they have car parts being built in those countries.


They're one of the biggest industries in both Mexico and Canada. And so, in other words, Americans are bankrolling their entire economy in, in a huge part on these car parts. And we're gonna talk, coming up with EG and Tony, our economist, America's greatest economists. He'll be joining us coming up shortly. This arrangement means that they're very dependent on us. And so are there things we need from Mexico and Canada or do we need them to do anything for us? Well, yeah. How about, especially in Mexico's case, stop the flow of fentanyl. Canada is another place where that's a big consideration too. Stop the flow of fentanyl. You're killing over a hundred thousand Americans a year through this system. No thanks.


But President Trump is using tariffs as both a leverage economically and to stop the flow of all these, all this deadly poison into the United States of America, which is a huge deal. Which is a huge deal. It's, and, and so we'll talk in more detail about this coming up with ej. You know, like anything, the media turns this all into controversy. Oh my God, what is he doing? 25% tariffs. Well, Japan has been sucking up to us And it commitments to spend money here. South Korea too, Germany too. And, and look, president Trump's saying it's not enough. It's not enough. You gotta do more. You gotta do more. We gotta write this ship and we gotta do it aggressively. And we are at, as of yesterday, we were 65 days in to the Trump presidency.


Today is day 66. And he wants to knock all of this out now. And in case you're the kind of person who's wondering about the political implications of this, and obviously you should think about the politics of this. So if you're gonna do something that has some disruptive effects on the American economy, but it's for the long-term benefit of the economy, when do you do it? How do you time it out? Do you do it closer to the midterms when everybody's going to the, to the ballot box or mailing in their ballots, filling them out? Or do you do it right now when you have the most possible political capital, the most public support for your agenda, the clearest memory of the election that just passed and why we elected this guy in the first place.


Knock it out now. Yeah, that's right. Triple x ft Smurf. I hope that, I hope that's a pg triple x ft. Smurf says immediately, immediately Ella 3 0 1 saying, no, do it now. Do it now. Yeah, do it now. It's totally right. And, and getting, fixing the American economy is also not a short term project. It's gonna take a while. When we had D Vance on this show last week, remember when I asked Vice President Vance, he, he kind of dodged the, the big question, which is, is he gonna run for president? But I asked him, I thought I was being clever. He, he skipped right past it. He's a smart dude. I said, okay, this plan to restore the American economy, the president's talking about, he keeps saying, you know, we've gotta do these big things.


Four years doesn't seem like that long of a time to fix up the American economy. So Mr. Vice President, are you ready to go back to the White House for another eight years to see this thing through, to see this big course correction through? And it was great. JD Vance said, JD Vance, he just basically gave me a very diplomatic answer. He was like, he's like, this is very important. We're gonna get as much done as we can now. And yes, in the long term we're gonna have to keep tackling this 'cause we have to write the ship for America. Of course, he didn't indicate that he is running for president just yet. That would be the exclusive, don't you think anyone in the chat know JD Vance? Can you tell him that he needs to make the announcement on this program? You see him with the Marines in Quantico yesterday.


Fellas, can you look for one of those for me? I know we didn't pull a clip of it, but I, you guys can find it. J JD Vance is a United States Marine and he went to visit the Marines at the Quantico Marine Corps base, which is just south of Washington DC I say just south, but if you're ever in traffic, it feels like it's very far south of Washington DC It's not that far. But he goes to the Marine Corps base there, he visits with the Marines and they were, they were amped up out of their mines that United States Marine Vice President gets up on stage with them and address them yesterday. And he went out, he was shooting, he was shooting fully automatic machine guns on the range yesterday.


It was such a great contrast. I was just thinking about Tim Walls, which I hate doing, but just thinking about his inability to load a shotgun. Remember that video where he is like, he's fumbling with it, he's getting his finger caught. Un unreal. The fact that that guy, I, I can't even believe we were in a position where that guy was running for Vice president of the United States. What a to and, and JD Manson shooting a machine gun yesterday at Quantico. It was great. It was totally awesome. So I'm proud of our vice president. I thought that was good. It reminds me of, you know, Don Jr last week telling us on the program that he's like that Tim Wal, he has no idea what he's doing with a gun. Don Jr. Said he could, you could hand him any shotgun blindfolded and he would have it loaded in just seconds, which I believe Don Jr's a big hunter.


Really funny. So anyway, so there we go. There we go. See, look at that. Look at that boy on the on that's a United States Marine shooting a machine gun. The White House tweeted that yesterday and said that he was putting Freedom Seeds down range freedom seeds. That's really good. That's really good. That's funny. Years ago I got to go out on one of these ranges. Here's the detail. I don know if everybody knows this. So I, I'll share this with you. So my dad is a Marine Corps general, retired Marine Corps general. And years ago he was running the Marine Corps base Camp Pendleton on the West coast in California.


Pendleton's is a huge, beautiful stretch of land down in Southern California, just just north of San Diego. And I went and visited him and I brought Tucker Carlson with me. 'cause Tucker and I were, I worked for Tucker at the Daily Call. And so a group of us, including Tucker, we went to visit Camp Pendleton. And while we were at the base, we took a tour of the base and We got to see everything and we were able to get out on the range and fire sniper rifles together. And it was awesome. And the Marines had set up these sniper rifles for us. They, they did all the hard work of setting up the guns and, and laying them down, getting the bipods on them and get, getting little sandbags that you put underneath to kind of adjust the gun to get it in the right position and then lie down, prone the way you saw Vice President advance there and down rage, they had those metal targets that you could shoot at some great distance.


And so you're staring through this scope and looking at these metal targets. And any of you who've ever done long range shooting and you fire at metal targets, know it's the single most satisfying sound you could possibly hear back if you hit your target. Because those steel targets, they, they just, it's just pure metal coming back to you from whatever great distance it was awesome. It was totally awesome. And by the way, Tucker's a phenomenal shot, not just on the sniper rifles. That guy's a really good shot. So just a reminder to Antifa, if, if you're thinking about going after him, there you go. Yeah, there's the White House statement. Just the vice President of the United States, sending some freedom seeds down range doesn't get more American than that.


You know, I've been around the am mil the American military for like a lot of my life, you know, given that I grew up in a Marine Corps family, I, I had never heard the phrase Freedom Seeds, but it is, it is absolutely going into the rotation now. I love that. And thank you for all the people who thanking my dad for his service. That's cool. He's a, he's a great American great dad and had a hell of a career 36 years in the Marine Corps. Tons of combat tours, Afghanistan, Iraq, over and over and over again. Amazing. Just amazing. Yeah. And then there's Tim Walls. Look at that. So forget Freedom Seeds, there's just Elmer Fudd right there, not able to load a shotgun, I believe on that trip, which was supposed to be what was a pheasant hunt.


He was on. They, I don't think he fired at all all day long. And that may have been by design. I think he, they, they intentionally said, Hey, don't shoot a bird because our base won't like it. So he just had to pretend to hunt. They just walked around in the tall grass wearing an orange vest, wearing a, wearing a reflective, wearing a safety vest that was purchased earlier that morning. You can see the creases on it. I'm a big hunter. Tim Walls really, really amazing. Love that. Let me see here. Yeah, Elmer Fudd. That guy is, that guy is ridiculous. Alright, so again, coming up I've got EG Tony, we're gonna talk the economy with him, but first I want to get into what's going on here.


Do I need to, I should. I gentlemen, should I thank one of our sponsors? Is this now's appropriate time or I can wait for that. You tell me. Anybody gimme the signal. Thank you. Thanks fellas. All right, good. All right.


Well, let me, let me thank one of our sponsors right now who keep all this programming free and deliver all this great news to the American people, including the Freedom Seeds. You've seen it before. When disaster strikes grocery store shelves can go empty overnight. The worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. By then, it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis comes. And right now they're making it easier than ever. Order their four week emergency food supply today and get 4 72 hour food kits completely free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years. That's real peace of mind. No last minute panic, no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered. Stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits food could be the first thing to go, go to prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit. Plus get an extra 12 days of food for free, almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, that's prepare with VINCE dot com. Claim your kit, get an extra 12 days of food or free prepare with VINCE dot com.


Okay, so here we go. N-P-R-P-B-S on the hot seat yesterday in the United States Con Congress, they went and sat in front of the, the Doge Committee, which is a committee that's designed to get rid of wasteful spending. And right there at the top of the list in terms of visibility, wasteful spending. How about P-B-R-P-B-R? I keep doing that. Paps Blue Ribbon, PBS and NPR. How about those guys? You can spend money on PBR, forget, forget the rest of it though. PBS and NPR. So yesterday, I would say the video of the entire committee hearing was when congressman came out of Texas and absolutely destroyed the N-P-R-C-E-O.


Katherine Maher, take a look. I want, I just want you to see some of this beat down. It is so good. The NPRC. Here he is. Cut five. The N-P-R-C-E-O, Katherine Maher getting dunked into the earth over and over and over again by her own tweets. Do you believe that America is addicted to white supremacy? I believe that I tweeted that and I, as I've said earlier, I believe much of my thinking has evolved over the last half decade. It has evolved. Why did you tweet that? I don't recall the exact context, sir. So I wouldn't be able to say, Okay. Do you believe that America believes in black plunder and white democracy? I don't believe that, sir, You tweeted that, tweet that in reference to a book you were reading at at the time.


Apparently the case for reparations. I don't think I've ever read that book, sir. You tweeted about it. You said you took a day off to fully read the case for rep reparations. You put that on Twitter in January, 2020. I apologies. I don't recall that I did. Okay. I've never read that. That's funny. You've tweeted tweet there. You took a full day off to read it. Do you believe that white people in inherently feel superior to other races? I do not. You don't. You, you tweeted something to that effect. You said, I I grew up feeling superior. Ha. How wide of me. Why did you tweet that? I think I was probably reflecting on what it was to be, to grow up in an environment where I had lots of advantages.


Oh, It, it sounds, Oh, she's like, you're saying that white people feel superior. I I don't believe that anybody feels that way, sir. I was just reflecting on my own experiences. Do you think that white people should pay reparations? I I have never said that, sir. Yes, you did. You said it in January of 2020, you tweeted Yes. The north Yes. All of us. Yes. America. Yes. Our original collective sin and unpaid debt. Yes. Reparations. Yes. On this day. Okay. Look, I mean, I get, I get just trying to be deceitful, which obviously she was trying to do, but the brazenness stuff for her to say, I've never said that. I never read that. I've never done that.


And each one of them, the congressman says, you literally did it. Here's you, you said you took a day off from work to read the book. You sat around reading the book. You right here. I've never been for reparations. Oh, that's funny. The tweet right here that literally you wrote says, I'm for reparations. I don't, they could not have scripted that better. That was, that was like a, a comedy sequence. I can't even believe that happened. But that was, that was amazing. So Congressman Brandon Gill, we, we raise our glasses to you today. I'm gonna keep an eye on that Congressman more, by the way, he's one of those, he's that's a sleeper congressman right there. That, that guy, not a guy we talk about a lot. But if he keeps putting up performances like that, we're gonna talk about him a lot more. That was really amazing. That was really amazing.


This, this hearing continued that someone else called out Katherine Maher for tweeting that Donald Trump is a fascist and a deranged racist sociopath. So this is the kind of person who's running a taxpayer funded organization. Look at this. Why did you call President Trump a fascist and a deranged racist sociopath in 2020? Oh, Congressman, I appreciate the opportunity to address this. I regret those tweets. I would not tweet them again today. I they represented a time where I was reflecting on something that I believe that the President had said rather than who he is. I don't presume that anyone is a racist. Would you don't believe anyone is a racist?


I don I don't believe anyone is a racist, sir. She Believe that most Americans think President Trump is a fascist under arranged racist, racist sociopath. I don't believe that at all, sir. Okay. Isn't that amazing? She, it's her, her defense is so demented now that she said, I don't believe that anyone is a racist. What, what, what kind of statement is that? That's incredible. So that was, that was wonderful. Again, all the more reason they needed to have their money taken away. And then Jasmine Crockett came riding into the rescue to Katherine Mar. She, she saw that this, this stupid lady was getting beaten down.


And so she thought, how can I make this conversation even dumber? And here's Jasmine Crockett's contribution. They don't care about public safety, they don't care about emergency management, and they don't care about free speech, all of which are harming American people. In fact, I'm gonna skip off real quick because I'm gonna skip off. They tried to come for you, Ms. Mayor, and I just wanna clarify, you did not work for NPR when those statements were made, did you? That is correct. And Speak Clear Free speech is not about whatever it is that y'all want somebody to say. And the idea that you wanna shut down everybody that is not Fox News is bullshit. We need to stop playing because that's what y'all are doing in here. You don't want to hear the opinions in any of anybody else.


And the constitution states Congress shall make no law respecting or establishing of religion or prohibiting the free Exercise. She's reading the Constitution or the, The gentlewoman's time has expired. The Gentlewoman's time has expired. I, okay, I gotta hand it to her. I didn't know she could read that. As you can tell, that was the first time that she ever attempted to read the United States Constitution, which is why she fumbled it as she was giving us, giving us the explanation. Of course, as you know, it's the left's impulse to censor, to cut you off, to stop you from being able to communicate. It's not the right's impulse, the rights for free and open debate, because when we have them, we win.


That's usually how that works. But amazing. Jasmine Crockett thought she was helping, she was not helping. She said, when you tweeted this, when you tweeted this, you weren't even that CEO of NPR. Right? Right. Like what kind of defense is that? So you stop being an insane person the second you're hired by NPR? I don't think so. Oh yeah. Yeah. She is. Justin. Can people hear you say that or were you just telling it to me? Okay. Justin was telling me that right now, I just wanna remind everybody that the annual cutesy time is over dumbest member of Congress tournament is in the finals right now.


And if you go to x, go to JJ Verde. That's the great Jim Verde. Go to his account on X and he's got the poll open as we speak. It's, it's gonna close, I think, within the next 24 hours. So if you're listening to the podcast or if you're watching here on Rumble, just pull up another tab. Yeah. And go check out what what's on screen right now on Rumble. You can see it, you can vote in this competition. Who is the dumbest member of Congress? We do have two number one seeds up against each other. This is kind of a clash of the titans. Yeah. The, these, these are the finals and a OC and Jasmine Crockett are squaring off. But here's the problem for a OC, she's losing badly.


She's losing very, very badly. She's, she's, she's doing about as well with this as she does with garbage disposals. It's not going well for her. Jasmine Crockett is dominating at the moment, 82.6% of the vote. And this would be, I checked with Jim yesterday. Jim is, is the official record keeper on this subject. He told me that a OC has never lost this title since, since it began. And so this, so a OC what, technically it's the second. So that makes sense. Last year a OC won. But this is a dynasty that's about to be unseeded if Jasmine Crockett wins this. And the reason for that is because Crockett has put up a lot of like late game successes here in the, in the quest to be known as the dumbest member of Congress.


She's put a lot of points on the board and she saved her peak performance for the postseason. You know, she timed it out, you know, whatever the diet regimen, the exercise regimen involved, the sort of how, however, often you have to hit your head against a wall in order to get to peak performance. Jasmine Crockett has absolutely delivered at the pivotal time. And a OC honestly kind of asleep of the switch not performing right now. She's probably trying to figure out what to do with that Tesla she owns, because, because we hate Tesla. Now her, her programming has changed. So she's gotta figure out how to get rid of it. And she's, she's never sold a car before. So it's really challenging for, so there you go. That's an update right there. And let me, let me tell you about some of our great sponsors and then we're gonna get to our great guest EJ Anoni, standing by our economist.


You guys know that I'm not gonna just slap my name on anything. I only back up what I truly believe in. And this is why I'm very pumped to have blackout coffee as a sponsor. I actually met the owner, John. And let me tell you, this guy is the real deal. Loved John. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted fresh, right here in the USA, no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So you already know this is a brand that stands for the right values. And I have to tell you, the first thing I check with coffee is, what does it taste like? Blackout coffee is phenomenal. I take my coffee black so I can tell what it actually tastes like. I'm not masking it at all. Love blackout coffee. Here's the deal. John has hooked you up. Hit over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE, for 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout coffee as you covered, support the company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, for 20% off your first order.


And while we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation, it's only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Take a stand. And Patriot Mobile is helping to lead the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. How often do you hear that phrase? Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the big difference. Every dollar you spend actually supports a company that believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching. Very easy, very easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot seven two Patriot. That's the way to handle it.


Awesome. Okay. The economy. Everybody wants to know what's gonna happen next. Certainly for your portfolio, but probably also for the wellbeing of your country. It's health. What's gonna happen? Well, whenever I have that question, I turn to my economist. And here's the, here's the trick to this. Not only is he my economist, he's also Dan b Gino's economist. And he is also an economist at the Heritage Foundation. And he is also sitting literally right next to me right now, he snuck into the room. EJ an Tony. Great to see you bud. It's great to see you. The great ej. An Tony is here. Of course this audience will know you well from all of your time with Dan through the years talking about all of these really important economic issues.


I wanna ask you about this tariff thing that President Trump announced yesterday. 25% tariffs on all auto imports. And that's just not, that's not just cars, that's also car parts. Right? Right. Which is a massive industry in places like Mexico and Canada. What do you make of this? I I think it was certainly a surprise to a lot of folks weren't expecting it. At least not this soon. Yeah. Now some of the, you know, some of it is not going into effect immediately. In other words, our currently made in Mexico, in Canada, they're gonna have some time to verify, for example, what percentage of the components are actually being made in North America. In other words, what does qualify for the U-S-M-C-A and what does not?


Part of the reason why so much IRE has been directed at Canada lately, for example, is because of all the abuses that have been alleged within the U-S-M-C-A. In other words, when you allow a Chinese company to come in and set up shop in Canada Right. And sell stuff that's really not Canadian, it's actually coming in from China, but you're selling it under the guise of the U-S-M-C-A, that's really an abuse of, of these country of origin laws. Yeah. And, and so if if Canada's not willing to crack down on that, then we're gonna have to crack down on it. That makes sense. So Canada is allowing China to take advantage of them in order to get, in order to evade our tariffs on China. And as a result we say, okay, fine.


If you're not gonna handle it, we'll handle it from here e Exactly. And it, and it's not just the fact that they are evading the tariffs on China, but then they're getting, it's, it's kind of a, a, a one-two punch because they're evading the Chinese tariffs and then they're also getting the preferential treatment Yeah. That other nations don't get within the U-S-M-C-A. Got it. So it's, it's not simply that China is not China, but they're on a level playing field with the rest of the world. Yes. No, no. It's one step further. They're even getting preferential treatments. So the whole chat is obviously talking about the economics here. I'm just kidding. They're talking about the suit you're wearing right now. Which, which by the way, EJ is always dressed in a three piece suit With what, what's the, the, I don't know. Is there a name for the chain that you're wearing?


Oh, the pocket. Pocket watch. Pocket watch. Oh, you got a pocket watch on. Yeah. Okay. Well that's, that's it. My, my late grandfathers and since we have the same initials it was, it was left to me. That's cool. I love that pocket watch. Okay. I'll remember that. That's a good word. Pocket watch. No, no, but everyone is impressed. So thank you for dressing up. This is not a Vladimir Zelensky moment. EJ showing a tremendous amount of respect. Most, most respect. Tremendous respect for this audience. You know, in terms of the impact on prices, because obviously, you know, we, we care about the wellbeing of our country, but we also wanna know what is it gonna cost to buy a car in light of this change?


The way that the, the media talk about this is so low iq, I, I barely wanna reference it, but it's just like, oh, a tariff is a tax, therefore you're gonna pay 25% higher on everything. That's not actually how it works, is it? Yeah. You know, it's, it's interesting if, if it really was the case that all of these tariffs would instantly be passed along to the consumer in all instances, then American dairy farmers would've no problem competing, competing in Canada. 'cause they would just take that 270% tariff for the equivalent thereof and pass it along to their Canadian consumers. Right. Except they can't 'cause it would make them uncompetitive. Right. So that's clearly not what happens. At least not in all instances right there. Now there are a lot of different factors at play there, different elasticities from one good to another, from one market to another.


You also have changes that happen in terms of currency exchange rates. So there's a lot of moving parts, not the least of which is then in the long run, people can change where they make things. Yes. Right. A car does not have to be made overseas. Yeah. And and even foreign companies now have set up shop here in the us There's a lot of manufacturing done in the United States. Right? Exactly. Exactly. Now one of the things that's gonna be examined under this, this latest tariff by President Trump is whether or not a car that's quote unquote made here is actually really being made here. Once you look at all of the constituent parts, right? So it's something like about half I think of, of the car made in the US last year. They wait for the final screw, like everything else, every other component of the car is put together in Mexico and then they ship it over, they put the last tire on in the United States and they say it's American made baby the wax, they just wax the paint.


Oh yeah. With American wax. But it's something like about half of the car made here, or excuse me, half of the cars bought here are made here, VINCE. And then about half of the components of the cars that are made here are actually produced here. Well, so in on a component basis, it could be as low as like 25% Yeah. Of cars sold here are actually made here. So this is aiming at changing that. But also to be clear, what you're talking about is also true with the American auto auto manufacturers. It's not just, you know, Volkswagen or Hyundai or these other, these, these out of country manufacturers, many of whom have built US plants to build some of their cars. Some of them more popular, the more popular the car, the more likely it is that they'll have us plants because they just wanna churn them out and sell 'em to the American market.


But Ford, gm, they're building out of country and then bringing them in. So even American auto manufacturers in, in, in many ways are not strictly American. Right. In fact, there are certain quote unquote American brands of, of vehicles that actually, when you look at all of the component parts are less American made than some foreign companies, like let's say a Toyota Tundra that's assembled in down in Texas. Right. I think, I think down in San Antonio, if I remember correctly, and, and look this VINCE, it gets incredibly complicated because you can have iron ore or aluminum that's mined in a certain country. It is sent to another country to be refined. Okay. It's sent to another country to be turned into sheet metal, then to another country to be turned into the automotive part and then into a different country to actually be assembled in, into a vehicle.


Right. So I mean, you can have literally a, a dozen different times or more Yes. That parts are crossing borders. So again, it's very difficult to assess this. And that's one of the reasons why the Trump administration, I think is gonna take some time to evaluate things like, so the U-S-M-C-A here. So as you understand it, what do you think the president's trying to achieve with all of this? Oh, as, as usual with President Trump, he has a, you know, several different goals in in mind. One of which is I think addressing a lot of the vulnerabilities that were exposed in 2020 and beyond, right. With covid when we saw the fact that we have leaned out our supply chain so extensively to make them hyper efficient, that we've created a lot of vulnerabilities. Right. You know, we, we have, we have created this, this model in a lot of instances where there is no warehousing of parts anymore.


Right. Things are literally coming in today, they're being used today and nothing gets stored overnight. Well, the problem is that that again creates vulnerabilities and is it hyper-efficient? Yes. But is it worth the risk of when you have things like the pandemic disruption? Right. And, and the answer there was, was clearly no. So it's aiming at addressing that. It's aiming at reshoring manufacturing, bringing manufacturing back here, bringing jobs back here, you know, and that's not just important in terms of the automotive industry. It's important from terms of a national security component. Yeah. Right. If you look at World War ii, for example, our ability to churn out at the Ford plan, I think it was something like they churned out four bombers every a hundred hours. I mean, that's astonishing.


Yes. That's almost, almost one a day. Right? Yeah. We can't do that now. Right. That was because of the industrial base that we had, which was second to none across across the world. The same is true of shipbuilding e. Exactly. Exactly. Now there, there's a couple different components with, with shipbuilding where that's kind of unique where we have problems like the Jones Act, the, you know, there's the, the dredging Act. Right? So there, there are other things that need to be addressed there. I think impediments to fa to speedy ship building E. Exactly. So it makes it too difficult to build ships here. Yeah. And it makes it, it makes us that we don't have any competition in terms of domestic shipbuilding. So what is so is is it possible to establish a timeline on how long it would take good American trade policy to restore, you know, healthy industry here in the United States?


Like how long would something like that take if you, if you had the political will and, and Washington actually fighting for it, what would it look like? It's, it's difficult to say in part because it's not just based on what Washington does. It's based on what Berlin does, what London does. Right. What Tokyo does. Right. What soul does all these other countries, and this goes back to your previous question, why is Trump doing this? Another aspect is the fact that he's trying to get reciprocity. Right. Look, if you want us to not tariff your cars and your car parts, then the best way to do that is for you to stop taring ours. Yeah. And not just the tariffs, but the non tariff barriers, which in a lot of ways are the real killer for many markets. So, so get rid of that and we will get rid of ours.


And the reason that's a win-win is because now when it's easier for us to compete overseas, we will build more factories and we will employ more people. Now to your question, how long does all this take? Right? Within a year or two, you can see a real substantive change in the American manufacturing base. So it can happen that quickly. Yeah. And we've seen, so, and then in the short term, people, some Corina says, I I like this guy. Bring him back again. Love the knowledge. Okay. We'll consider it maybe a fury and great show, VINCE. Thank you very much. You know, when it comes to the, the 65 day window, I obviously, I had the president on yesterday. I, I, I mentioned during our program yesterday after the interview that you had helped me out with some of the economic questions here.


And I'm impressed by how much investment President Trump has attracted into the United States in just the first 65 days. What does that look like? Right? It, it looks like over $3 trillion. I mean, it's really incredible. And, and the reason why investment is, is so much, is in my opinion, worth so much more than just simply consumption. Yeah. Is the fact that consumption is one and done. Yeah. Right. Versus investment. How does that affect economic growth? Well, in the short run, if you're gonna invest, let's, let's use the automotive example, right. I'm gonna invest and build a factory here. I'm instantly creating consumption because I'm right away employing people to actually construction workers Yeah. To actually build the factory.


But in, so if I'm working there, my first paycheck, I can go spend it on lunch next to the job site e Exactly. But now, in the future, what, what are we, what are we looking at in the future? We're looking at the ability to produce cars, to create wealth. So you've not only created economic growth immediately, you've created long-term economic growth. And yeah, this was one of the things that was so detrimental during the Biden years. If you look at something like private fixed domestic investment, which is the real driver of long run economic growth, because that's where you get things like the factories, right? That, that was very anemic during the last four years. So you and a piece of data that I've mentioned on this program, and I see the chat, ask me for a source. 'cause everyone in the sit in the chat likes receipts, which me too.


I like receipts. My receipt is this guy, he's a, he's a walking talking receipt. But one of the things that you've brought up to me in the past that I, I cannot stop thinking about is that it takes one, sorry, it takes 80 private sector workers to pay for one government worker. Just, can you unpack that a little bit? 80 private sector employees paying taxes to fund one federal government worker. Sure, sure. So one, one of the mistakes that people make a lot of times when they're trying to do this calculation is that they're saying, all right, if you have one private sector worker and they're gonna pay X number of dollars on average in taxes Yeah.


Then you just need that number of, of taxes multiplied enough to get to the government worker salary and voila. But the problem is that what the federal government pays in terms of government worker salaries, this is actually a pretty small portion of the overall budget. Right. And so every additional job that you add, you're not sending all of that person's income tax dollars to the government workforce. Right? Sure. It it's a relatively small think of your taxes like a pie chart. Right. And there's a small sliver that's going to pay for government workers, but we've got 3 million of them. Right, exactly. Exactly. So, you know, you, so there again, there's, there's a lot of different moving components here. It's not as simple as A times B equal C.


Yeah. And, and so once you start taking a lot of those considerations, or once you start considering a lot of those different other factors, then it becomes clear that 80 to one is the minimum right now. But there have been some times in history based on the salary differentials and the benefit differentials. Right, right. Between private sector and government workers where you easily get up to 120 or 150 to one. But right now I would conservatively say it's more like 80 to one. Amazing. Okay. Well, EJ and Tony, we are gonna have you back. Thank you for doing this. My pleasure. Appreciate you, man. Thank you for having me, VINCE. And thank you for dressing up for it. This guy usually dresses like a bum. He doesn't, this is where'd you get this costume at? Thank you very much, man. Thank you. Thank you. All right, so that's EJ and Tony, that's the in-house economist here for this program.


Not every podcast has an in-house economist. This podcast does this, this one does. Thank you. And the chat, loving it, not bored, says chrono flux, which is high praise, not bored. That's fantastic. And lots of, lots of, lots of praise for, for Dr. EJ and Tony, thank you for that. Hey, I'm gonna, I wanna dive in here, look at the chat. The chat's going wild. I'm gonna dive in here a little bit with you and forgive me for putting my laptop here on my lap, but I don't have a table in front of me, So I'm gonna do that. I've gotta tell you that there are a number of really important races going on across the country right now that you have to be aware of.


And let, I'll just take you back to this past Tuesday, just a couple days ago now, in Pennsylvania, Democrats are crowing right now that they just picked up a state senate seat in Pennsylvania. There was a special election this week for the Pennsylvania State Senate. The Democrat won there and only won by about 500 votes. It was very, very close there. And this is one of those races that, you know, it dri it drives Scott Presler crazy because he's been working really hard on it. There's a lot of really good conservatives in Pennsylvania, by the way, who've been working very hard on trying to whip up the vote.


And one of the things that just happened there was the Democrats just, they had the mail-in ballot advantage. They dominated in mail-in ballots, in this awful unsecure system that we have going on in voting. And so, mail-in ballots is the, are the, is the way of things right now. Now granted, Republicans actually did a very good job showing up with mail-in ballots last year in 2024. But look, conservatives, you just have to make it a habit. So long as you're gonna have a system that relies on mail-in ballots, we've gotta beat these Democrats at their own game. And in Pennsylvania, a loss there, that was a district that Trump won by 15 points and the Democrat taking the seat by just 500 votes, tons of mail-in ballots there and there were, you know, we gotta do better than that.


And one of the reasons this is happening is because Democrats right now, because they're out of power, all of their rich people are exerting all of their economic forces on these little races, these special election races going on around the country. And so that race in particular, that had a massive, the biggest contribution in the whole race came from a left wing political action committee in Chicago that sent in a hundred thousand dollars in a race that only raised about 151,000 bucks. So two thirds of the contributions came from an out-of-state left wing pack that was trying to buy and did successfully buy the election.


So you've gotta be on guard for this. Each of these little elections that are going on, they matter, and Democrats are trying to pick them off with their outside money operations. Now, that is just, that's kind of the starting point for me in terms of what's coming next. Next week, Tuesday, we have two really consequential special elections going on in the country. One is Wisconsin, that's the Wisconsin Supreme Court, this election, although the positions are nonpartisan, if you're in Wisconsin right now, in, you're listening to me, you have to hustle and get every single person you can to vote in this election. Get them out because it will decide the balance of power for the Wisconsin Supreme Court.


Massive, massive thing. And before that, court are a number of cases, including cases that determined the way they conduct elections in Wisconsin. It's as big as it can get in that state. So Wisconsin has to happen. You see on screen here, Scott Presler saying, let me be perfectly clear, if Wisconsin doesn't elect conservative Brad Shimel on April 1st, that's next week Tuesday, the liberal court will redraw congressional maps. Republicans will lose at least two house seats going into 2026. It's a massive case in Wisconsin. Remember the left, they're using out-of-state money here, Republicans, conservatives, you can do it too. It's, it's perfectly legal.


And, and you can help out people like Brad Shimmel in Wisconsin as they run for this. It's all about establishing the balance of power or the establishing who controls ultimately the Supreme Court in the state of Wisconsin. This is a big one right now. It's controlled by the left to be clear, it's not controlled by Republicans. This is an opportunity for the left to pick this up in Wisconsin. Look at what happened in Pennsylvania just a couple days ago. A loss there by 500 votes. These races can be very close in Wisconsin. Could be a big deal. President Trump won Wisconsin, albeit narrowly. So this is gonna be a tight race if conservatives actually show up, if they support, if they give money, if they vote in Wisconsin, they can take over the Supreme Court.


And boy, that's gonna be a big deal for Republicans. And then finally, I wanna take you to the state of Florida. Yeah, you see, Elon Musk said it's a super big deal. What's going on in Wisconsin? I wanna take you to Florida next week. Tuesday, we have special elections in Florida to replace two people who left their seats. One of them was Matt Gates who decided not to take his seat at the beginning of this Congress. That special election is ongoing in Florida right now. That's not the one to worry about right now, unless there is a complete shock in that race. The man who's running to replace Matt Gates, the Republican there, is relatively safe. It's the repla, it's the, it's the race to replace Congressman Michael Waltz that is going on right now.


And by the way, I'm sorry, don't, don't take my, I don't, I maybe even should not have said that about, about Matt Gaetz's race not being a big deal. If you're involved in any of this vote, go vote. Get every friend go vote. Get them out there to support Jimmy Patronas, to replace Matt Gaetz in that, in that seat. He's the Republican there. You can see there on screen President Trump endorsed him. Don't take my, some, my, some of my degree of confidence that he is gonna win this thing as an indication to, to rest on your laurels at all, please. And then the big race is to replace Michael Waltz going on in Florida right now. And this one is apparently neck and neck.


There's a 4.1%, 4.1% difference. The Republican has the lead in that race by just 4.1%. His name is Randy Fine. And that's not enough in a district that Trump won by 30, he's up by four in a district that Trump won by 30. This district is in the Daytona Beach area. Republicans, they say at this moment are getting a little bit nervous about the situation, helps settle their nerves. There is a crap ton of left-wing money going into this race. And remember how close the house is right now. The United States House of Representatives is at two 18 to two 13.


And the only reason it's at two 18 to two 13 right now is because two Democrats died this month. Two member two Democrat members of Congress died. It would be two 18 to two 15 right now already very close. There are are are four vacancies, in other words, in the United States Congress, gates Waltz, both left and, and Congressmans Turner and Alva just passed away the Democrats. That's why there's four vacancies, this race going on in the Daytona Beach area. Very tight right now. Randy Fine is the candidate, he's the Republican nominee there. He is the guy. He's the guy who has to win. And so I'm, I'm seeing everybody coming out for Randy fine right now, posting his election information so that people can make contributions.


But the left is dumping unbelievable amounts of money in right now. The Democrat candidate, the guy by the name of Josh Wheel, raised more than $10 million for this race. $10 million for this race. By contrast, Randy Fine has raised $1 million. 1 million. The money difference here is huge, huge. And I'm seeing some people asking in the chat about Elis Nik. She's, she's not out of her seat yet. When she is, there will be a follow on election going on in New York. So that's, that's the update on that. But just remember we've got two massive, massive special elections going on.


Two states where massive special elections are going on next week on Tuesday. One of them is Wisconsin. That's for the control of the state Supreme Court. The other is in Florida. And that's where you're seeing the replacements for both Michael Waltz and Matt Gaetz being considered by voters right now. And Democrats are spending like crazy in those races. And as they do remember, not only are they looking for political victories here, they're looking for messaging victories because if they can use an ungodly amount of money to buy congressional seats, what they'll do is they'll come out after that and they'll start using all of their media organs to try and convince you that this is, this is energy against Trump. The world is turning against Trump.


Look at this. These early tests are all bellwethers. Trump is going down. The American people don't like him. That's what's happening here. And so I'm seeing the chat, the chat saying all the right things here. Get out and vote. Get 10 people, take them with you. Get just get a million people out to vote in each of these races and help set the course of this country. Well help, help keep the, the course of this country on the right track because you did so much good in November. Now's another opportunity here in April. April, another of these special elections. I have to, I just wanna offer a note of thanks to Rumble here in Washington, DC It's just been wonderful to be able to broadcast from here is just so nice.


The reason we're doing that from Rumble here is because I do have a studio, silver Lock Productions. The Great Silver Lock is building on a brand new studio for me at my radio headquarters in Washington DC. As soon as it's ready, I'll get there. We can all judge it together. It's gonna be wonderful. But my thanks to Rumble Rumble's doing great things, Rumble's got a full day of programming for you. You wanna, you wanna lock in on Smart Conversations, you can do it all day long. Starting with Avita. She starts at nine o'clock Eastern. Then you come to me, Stephen Crowder coming up next. We've got a lot going on on a fantastic platform. There's nothing else like it. And unlike some of the other big streamers, they actually care about this country too, which is a really nice thing to have.


So once again, thank you to Rumble, thank you to you. Great to talk to you. I'll do it again tomorrow, right here on VINCE. Stay tuned for Crowder.