
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino Folks. I went from feeling feeling okay a few months ago to feeling good. Brian, you think like good, good, good-ish. Goody good. Goodery to feeling kind of very good to feeling very good on the good scale to right now. Feeling really amazing. I'm hoping And I don't wanna get ahead of myself. We're not there yet. It's not even close to over, but I'm feeling really good. Welcome to The Dan Bongino Show on Election Night.


The show named after the most handsome man and Stewart with a face for radio with everybody in the crowd's. Like, I'm from Stewart. What are you? Shit me. Look at me. I got a better look at me folks. This is the night we're here. I can't believe it. I feel like it took so long to get here. And now that it's here, it feels almost surreal. I'm leaving my house and I'm, I'm looking at my daughter. I was like, Hey man, this is like history tonight. And she says to me, she's like, dad, you know, I'm looking at these numbers and what are those? And I was explaining to her what their numbers mean. Less than 1% of the vote and the vote counter and stuff like that. And I felt like we're, we're all part of something special. I wanna thank everyone for coming out to Oak and Ember. So thank you very much.


And do me a favor. A big round of applause for my good friend Kyle G. He owns this place. It's amazing. This guy's. Yes. Oh, look at this folks. I gotta tell you, I'm not used to these road shows. You see the lovely Paula there. Of course, I think you know, there's Ata. We got Jim with us tonight, of course, producer Jim And I. It is gonna be an amazing night. So I got a few things to get outta the way. I'm gonna bring in my co-host Mike. Benz is here. I just saw him roll in. He had some kind of hat on. Is that like a MAGA hat or something like that? We got the whole Bongino team. We got Julie Kelly, we got Adam Gillette and the famous orthodontist. Arvin. Ani is here if you're asking who that is.


He's a subject of Arbit is the Monday morning update. He is a frequent offender on the Monday morning update. So we have the sheriff here to take him out if we run into any trouble. We got a couple sponsors paid for the show and we got a lot of great, we got John from Blackout Coffee, Don from Jacked Up Fitness. You guys are all awesome. We really appreciate it.


Hey, no matter what happens to our country, And, I want you and your family to be prepared. The app you need to download right now is ExpressVPN. It's the only VPN I trust to protect my privacy. That's why you get three extra months free. Use my special link at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. It's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino for three extra months free. Thanks, ExpressVPN. You've been great to us. Hey, you ever heard of data brokers? They're the middlemen collecting the digital footprints you leave online. They use your browsing history and location data to sell your profile off to a company who delivers you a targeted ad. No biggie, right? Well, you might be surprised to learn these same data brokers are selling your information to DHS And. I RS. You don't want that to mask my digital footprints 'cause it's nobody's business. What I'm doing online, I protect myself with Express VPN Brokers, aggregate data and tie it back to you through your device's unique IP address. It reveals information about your location. When you're connected to Express VPN, your IP address is hidden, making it difficult for them to identify who you are. Express VPN also encrypts 100% of network traffic to keep your data safe from hackers on public wifi. It's why I use Express PN. It's download on all my device, phone, computer, wifi router. You just tap one button and you're protected. I'm not that tech savvy. And. I can use it. So get the best v PN money you can buy. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bino right now and get three extra months free. ExpressVPN dot com slash bino.


Also tonight, brought to you by Jace. Folks, you gotta be prepared in emergency. Tonight's tonight we're about to have a new leader for the country. That means policy changes. These changes can lead to shipping issues and supply shortages. You should be prepared for these potential disruptions, including changes to your medical access needs. There's something you can do to ensure you have medications on hand and are not hidden behind a pharmacy counter. This isn a solution. Thousands of people have discovered the jce case. So go to jce.com, enter enter code bonino at checkout for a discount on your order, and get a personalized emergency medication kit that contains essential antibiotics and medications intended to treat the most common and deadly bacterial infection. Just do a simple thing, simple and you simply fill out an online form to get started. Review the terms and once a JCE physician evaluates your request, your case could be on its way for as low as $270. You get more than $600 worth of physician evaluation and medicines due to medication shortages and the pending election results for significant hikes and the pharmaceutical industry could be coming. So take action now before these changes. Go to jce.com. JS e and or code bond Gino at checkout for a discount on your order. That's promo code Bonino, B-O-N-G-I-N o@j.com. Jason is products not intended, a size substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider.


So Miss Evita Duffy, host of the now exploding early edition with Evita Duffy, you are one of the rising stars in the podcast space. I like to think I got a good eye for talent. I knew right away you were gonna be a rock star and you are, you're a little bit more apprehensive. You told me right before we started, you're feeling okay, but maybe not. What are you on the good? Very good. Excellent. Okay. Bad scale. I'm on the, I don't know, to slightly bad. And the re and the, but the good news about when I say that is I'm always wrong about my predictions. So if I'm feeling bad, maybe that means you guys should feel good. I will say something that I'm worried about because I'm from Wisconsin, I've been following what's happening in Wisconsin.


Laura Trump tweeted just a while ago that there's been problems in Milwaukee and they're having to recount and and extending the count period, 30,000 ballots in, in Milwaukee. And Milwaukee is an interesting one because last year in Milwaukee, or I'm sorry, last cycle in 2020, somehow Joe Biden outperformed Obama in Milwaukee. Very fishy. So it's an interesting one to watch and it's gonna be really key for Wisconsin. Yeah, I saw that. Jim, I I I tend to look at that a little differently. A vita's a little worried about Wisconsin. I'm looking at the, the, the, the betting data and the betting data's moose. I mean, it's people's own money. They got skin in the game. Folks in the chat, how are you feeling about Milwaukee folks in mis, folks in the chat who are from Wisconsin?


Well, I please post away 'cause I you are on the ground like, you know, better than anyone. I feel pretty good because the money's moving in that direction. What are you seeing? I think You're, you're right on that as well. I don't, I I'm not too worried about Wisconsin yet and I'm thinking just we have to wait and see what's happening on the east coast and to see the, the lengths by which Trump is either the, the gaps in which he is either doing well or not doing well. For example, right now from Eric Daughtry here in Florida, Trump is plus nine in Florida. And that's not even counting the panhandle or the election day voting yet. Okay, lemme give something else to that. Folks who's from Florida who voted for Kamala Harris.


It's a huge Kamala Harris crowd here tonight. There's absolutely zero voters whatsoever. Unsurprising, it's probably not the best sample size for a Kamala Harris crowd. The, Dan, Bongino Show. But I live here and folks, just so you understand the Florida breakdown, the panhandle out in western Florida in a different time zone that, that is die hard Republican, that's the Matt Gaetz area. I mean, that's an area Republicans will win congressional seats by 19 points. So what Jim's getting at is if the electorate is right now, you know, Republican plus, what did Trump plus nine? And we don't even have the panhandle in that does not bode well for Kamala Harris's camp in Florida. I'm hearing from friends of mine that Kamala's campaign was ready to scrap Florida two weeks ago.


So I don't think that's like a big mystery to anyone. One big update, folks, they did already, unfortunately, a little bit of bad news. They did call the North Carolina governor's race and it did not work out in our favor with Mark Robinson campaign. Ran into a little bit of trouble. I like Mark, I'll always like Mark I, think he was a great lieutenant governor I, think he does have a future in politics, but that race, you know, we had him on the show quite a bit. I know we both liked him, but that that one they called pretty early. Yeah, that's really a shame. I mean, bad stuff came out. I'm not sure what to make of any of the news that came out regarding that. But you know, when something like that happens in a race and especially that late, it's really kind of hard to come back from another race that in Florida, by the way that they had either tight or losing was Anna Paulina Luna, she is up 10.


If Anna Paulina Luna is up by 10 folks, then it's, Hey gee, is that thing gonna, is that the who, who's, who is that The New York Times thing on the bottom? Oh, that's Kelsey. Okay, so that's Cal, that's actually one of our sponsors. But Kelsey's where people put their own money on the election, folks, it has Donald Trump now at 62%. So if you're, if you're at, that's their money, that's not like some bullshit poll thing. you know, my here's, here's what I think, here's how I think the night's gonna play out. If these trend lines continue, if Florida, I, I think We can pretty much wrap up Florida, you know, soon. But Georgia and North Carolina, if We can get numbers from them and it comes in heavy for us, for Pennsylvania, you know, it could be a pretty early night.


I hope. I hope that's the case. And wouldn't it be a great sign to the, to the country that we are not going to, I mean the media, the permanent state, everybody has been against up against Trump. He's been persecuted this entire time to send a message as the American people that this is gonna be a blowout and that we're not gonna reward you for your bad behavior would be huge. A huge message. I think their campaign strategy was, was sharp. Jim, you And, I were talking about this on the radio the other day, folks. I think one thing that went a little bit unnoticed by a lot of folks in the media, and, and candidly I, don't think the Trump team wanted to advertise it Because. they didn't want it to appear. I think that they were abandoning other states, which I'm not suggesting they were doing.


But one of the really smart things they did is they focused a lot of time on the east coast in Pennsylvania, Georgia, North Carolina. And the simple reason is they don't wanna go through again what they went through last time, where they were dragging this thing out till two o'clock in the morning. You got all these data dumps and then all of a sudden what happened? It turned the tide and we never got the tide back. So if We can blow this thing out in Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Georgia and blow it out early on the east coast, again, that's a big, if nothing's over again, don't, don't pop any champagne bottles until this thing is called. However, if those numbers get racked up pretty high, you can have a really early night because there's simply no math.


If he loses Pennsylvania, if she loses Pennsylvania and we win, there's simply no math for her. There's no electoral path for her to win. No. And And I And I am I'm, I'm optimistic talking to you about this, but I am, I'm looking at this, the, the numbers coming in Michigan, Wisconsin, the, the, the blue wall, they tend to all go together. And so until I see those, I'm just holding back. I Love it. A vita's gonna be like the voice of reason for us than ice folks. I'm nervous about it. I can say No, no, that's good. That's good. You kind of temper my excitement. Hey Justin, grab Julie, see if she wants to come on and see if she wants to come on for us.


Ju so South Carolina. Yeah. Julie, yeah, South Carolina called for Trump. That's probably not a a, you know, a big mystery. We've also had the West Virginia Senate race, Jim Justice, that's been called. So you we're at 50 now. So if we win the presidency tonight, it's already given the vote. you know, the vice president has as president of the Senate. The Senate would already be ours if we won tonight. Here's another one from Calci. Trump has a 79% chance to win Georgia on Calci. Folks, this is people's own money, okay? So if you know, again, I, if you're putting your money down on a race, you gotta, you, you probably know something and have a pretty good feel for what's going on.


So North Carolina right now, here's the problem too with these races, and this is why I don't want anyone to get too excited about anything too early. You don't know what specific area of the state is being called. So if you're in, say, I'll give you an easy example. New York, if you put the northern part of New York and first gonna look like Trump is romping in New York, it's 'cause you haven't factored in New York City. So you gotta be careful when you have like, less than say 50% of the vote in, you know, You don't really know where that vote is coming from. So it's the kind of thing like a little bit of caution on that tonight. So yeah, South Carolina looks like that's gonna be obvious. Can I say something about Florida? you know, the, the Kamala campaign has been running so much on identity politics this entire time.


It's women, it's Hispanics, it's blacks. If he does really well in Florida, I know the Trump campaign thought that they were gonna get Florida anyways. But if he does really, really well, I think that's a sign that the identity politics aren't gonna work. Especially with Hispanics toward at the end of this campaign, they were running on this garbage line, right? That, that Trump thinks all Hispanics are garbage because some comedian made a joke. And if he really does well in Florida, I think it's a sign that it's the identity politics doesn't have the sway that it did in years past and it's not gonna work for her. I was following an account in Florida, a friend of mine who's knee deep in Florida politics. He's been around forever. Folks, Florida is an apocalyptic bloodbath for Kamala Harris after this election.


I don't even think it'll be officially a swing state anymore. I'm not telling you they had any expectations of Florida, but I think your point about identity politics is right. Matter of fact, Jim was showing me some listen folks exit polls Oh. yeah, my, he's giving me a little sign in. You're never gonna believe the auction thing. I'll tell you all in a second. All, all you folks in the chat, if you wanna bid on the auction for the Trump baseball bonino.com/auction. But, and the Georgia exit polls, the Georgia exit polls had the black vote black, was it black men? Yes. At 25% they're exits. So like, everybody kind of chill for a minute, but yeah, bring Julian on. Just bring her up. Yeah, don't worry about like the set.


There's no formality here. Grab a seat. If that number holds black men in Georgia and that number's even remotely close to accurate, then she's gonna have a really bad night. Hey, look at the look who just walked on the set. How Did I get here, Julie ca Well, we it would be wouldn't be in a Election Night without you. We are. It's so nice to have you heart here. So I should letting na booze is free. And I told them. Give Julie all the good stuff. Thank you. Everybody give Julie Kelly a big welcome. Julie. Nobody has done more to expose the deep state shenanigans than you. Your reporting at Substack has been incredible. Thank you. But you're a really good journalist as well. Thank you. Your general feel for how we stand right now, looking at what you're seeing coming in these numbers.


We got some exits, which I'm kind of skeptical on. Florida looks like a blood bath for her. So it does. So It does. So there was one county in Florida at Sella County, just Osceola north of here, O Osceola, I'm sorry, I'm not from here. And that was a county that Joe Biden won by 12 percentage points in 2020. And as you know, it's almost 60% Hispanic, one third Puerto Rican. And right now with 85% of the vote total counted, it's tied. So what that kind of demonstrates is perhaps where the Hispanic vote is going to go in some of these other key states to have that big of a swing in Donald Trump's favor.


Of course, given all of the bad publicity that we've seen in the last few weeks, they really were counting on that to strip away some of the Hispanic vote. And in this particular county, it looks like that didn't happen. Yeah. Yeah. Julie, I was gonna, I I I've been seeing a lot of discourse ahead of this election. Even people in our own camp who are saying, I'm not gonna vote for Trump, I, I'm not interested. Oh, am I on like a major speaker? Yeah. Yeah, you're ready. Okay. And I just thought, you know, even if you don't think Trump is gonna do an amazing job, if you've lost, if you've lost hope, why wouldn't you think about at least the January Sixers? Because I'm thinking about your reporting the whole, and Trump is somebody who said, I'm gonna pardon them all.


What? And I hate to think this way, but what would be the future for them if Kamala wins For the j Sixers? Yes. Is that Yes. Yes. I mean, I tweeted today, they were, my first thought this morning really is, I hear from them all the time. They're really hopeful that Trump wins. I mean, he has overwhelming support by the January 6th community. Yeah. And what it will mean for them and their families to at least have the opportunity to pursue a pardon or to have their case dismissed by a Donald Trump, DOJ. The DOJ. Or Even just to have honest and honest, like look at it. I mean the yes, the obstruction of justice nonsense. Yes. And you've been pointing out all these judges that still keep trying to push them.


Was it 1512 that shenanigans? 1512, correct. But Dan Avita, the DOJ arrested a man in Georgia today. Now think about that. A key swing state where they are still trying to weaponize the events of January 6th for political purposes. So we have over 1500 J six defendants. They're still arresting people, charging people with even these bogus counts. Not 1512 C two, but others that they're making up. And this will continue under a Harris Walls Department of Justice. And these people really deserve relief. They have been, regardless of, you know, there are some who perhaps their cases need to be looked at a little more closely, but the overwhelming number who were charged and convicted of misdemeanors made up misdemeanors that have never been applied at a federal level.


This way. They, they deserve relief and to have the opportunity to get their reputations, their family and their lives back together. We have, we have Mike Benz here who I, I know, you know, Mike's running around. We're gonna have Mike Benz up. He's like the deep state specialist. Hey, let's say I'm getting a little like reverb on that. Do you hear that on the mic? Oh, okay. Push it out a little bit. 'cause it's reverbing a little bit back through this thing. I'm a little worried if, and it's a big if I don't wanna get too excited, but if we were to win this thing, I'm a little concerned about some potential November to January election violence. And the reason I say that is, if you read that infamous, what was it, time or Newsweek article?


Newsweek. Newsweek, where they talk about the cabal, right? They mentioned like they had the, the shock troops ready to go. Yeah. And they had to tell 'em to stand down. There's no reason to believe they don't have the same, you know, street chaos agents out there right now. Well they do. And we see that Washington DC has already boarded up because, you know, in preparation of a Trump win, we saw chaos in the streets. After 2016, you had riots everywhere from Oakland to Portland, Miami, they were shutting down streets, they were assaulting police officers. So we know that that is gonna happen again. But Dan, I think they are going to accelerate this law fair against Donald Trump till the last minute, for example, the case in Washington against Donald Trump.


Jack Smith's prosecution of him. Judge Chut is chomping at the bit to continue that case and do as much damage as they possibly can to him, to his reputation and bolster the insurrection act that we've heard Jamie Raskin and others want to try to use to keep Donald Trump from taking office. Hey guys. Hey Mike. How you doing? Good to see you buddy. Thanks for joining. Just do me a favor, just eat the mic because there's a lot of background noise. I'm sorry. I know folks, I, we got, you know, it's a live crowd here on Election Night, so we'll try to eat the mic and if it doesn't work, we'll, I don't know, maybe we'll try a different kinda setup. But I hope you all can hear is there too much? Tell me in the chat, 'cause I'm reading everything you're saying.


So the mike, we were just talking, it's perfect time for you to come in. There's no one who understands the deep state better than you, the possibility because they've done it before. That infamous Newsweek article we were talking about, about the cabal that they have the shock troops ready to go for violence in the street. If this turns out in our favor tonight, it has me really concerned. I know it's the kind of thing you study, you know, better than anyone. Are you worried about that? Or, or let me give you a scenario. Say knock on wood, it's a blowout tonight, right? And there's really no legitimate challenge. Do you see them just going, all right, screw it, we're done with him. Is last time he's gonna run? Or are they just not gonna let this guy swear in? There's a chance that they say, screw it. But my concern is the same one that you identified, which is that they have the capacity to do something very monstrous.


And you mentioned the Time Magazine article. In the Time Magazine article. There was a secret agreement that Molly Ball spelled out in which the head of the, the, the A CLU and the Chamber of Commerce had an agreement to stand down the shut down DC protests that they, that were prepared in case Trump had won the electoral college on Election Night 2020. And the A-F-L-C-I-O is the, is the largest union in the country. Not only is it the largest union in the country, but it is a very, very active history with the intelligence state. When, when the CIA or the US State Department wants to orchestrate rent a riots abroad in France during the Cold War in, in Italy, in Germany, in in Latin America, the AFL CIO's branch will frequently be the ones summoned because these are Trade u these are rough and tumble types.


They're, they're workers. They frequently take the streets for boycotts and protests anyway. And so they singled out an individual named David Pod Hoer in the, in the Time Magazine article. Yeah. So you tweeting about that today. Right, right. And they basically called him effectively the architect of this plan in case Trump had won the electoral college to deploy mass protests to create a sort of BLM style de pro-democracy movement to overthrow the democratically elected government in, its in its infancy. And what's interesting is David Horter has been making the rounds at State Democracy Defender's Action, which is Norm EIN's legal outfit, which is teamed up with Jamie Raskin, the same guy who identified that if Trump wins on Election Night, they have an ASCE up their sleeves.


Do you see, he's trying to dial that back now, which is bullshit because we we got it on audio and video. No, it's, it's Raskin's trying to pretend that he's not gonna obstruct this thing He's trying to hedge. And he's using language su such as saying, of course we'll certify it if it's a free and fair election. But what they're going to argue is that it was not free and fair because an insurrectionist was running it because of foreign interference from Russia. They'll argue voter suppression, for example, if Trump wins on election here tonight, and on Election Night, they'll argue that even though the official vote tally was, you know, had Trump winning Pennsylvania or Wisconsin by a certain margin, that there was certain voter suppression because of his rhetoric or because of, you know, certain incidents in the past which may have a disparate impact on certain groups from, from voting.


And so they have all sorts of predicates that they can wheel out. And then the only question is, are they going to be able to get away with it? And this is often the function of these street protests is to say, well, the people are showing that it's ill, the, the people are doing this giant demonstration about how unfair the elections were, that they were not free and fair. And then the media will lionize those groups and say that they really represent the democratic force of the people. And so that is something that will absolutely be playing out over the course of the next two months, which is about the period it takes to organize these things when we do them abroad. So, but how exactly would it go down? Would the military come in and say, we're installing Kamala Harris, how could it be enforced? I get that the media would back it. You have the protests on the ground, but how would it actually take place?


How would we actually see a unlawful transition of Kamala being elected Primarily in this case? I think the role of the media would be to quash any sort of conservative protests against the, you know, last minute election theft through a legal process. Not, not to sort of, you know, dec Because, they currently, Kamala Harris occupies the White House, right? They don't need to depose someone from power. They simply need to prevent a new outside entrant with no access to the military from doing it. So what you're starting to see is they declared January 6th, 2025 election certification day as this national security emergency event. So they already have the military in place, you know, for that. They've already started boarding up buildings in DC if folks have seen the clips of that today in anticipation of unrest if Trump wins.


And so they, they don't wanna deploy the street Mus while Biden Harris is still in office. 'cause that destabilizes the country of the person who's, who's running it. So the, the issue is, I, I think you're going to start, if, if this does pop off, if you see these military, if you see these, if Trump wins tonight and you see Street Mus deployed, if you see all these climate groups and, and sort of racial justice groups and Antifa groups all come together, I think you'll start to see a military presence to effectively protect them from any sort of counter protestors and to, and as a sort of presence to ward off the hypothetical threat of Trump people complaining about their vote and so on. So I, I did, I didn't get your general thoughts on where we are for the election.


'cause you're so good on the deep state. I mean, my listeners love you every time I have you on the show. They're like, give us more, give us more. So I send them over to your ex account, Mike Ben Cyber, where Mike does his own content. And you should check that out. Julie has a substack. Please check that out. Support these, you know, these, these great investigators. But your thoughts, we just got this so Trump now, apparently Osceola County, which you just mentioned, which Biden won by 14. Trump now leads in, in Florida, Trump, he's, I just got this. Trump is now on the way to flip a 60% largely black county, Randolph County, Georgia. If, if, if these numbers start to hold as a pattern. Yes, Julia, I'll go to you. I mean, listen, again, I don't wanna get ahead of myself.


We, we, we've already been through this, this shit before, and Hillary got ahead of herself in 2016. Everybody was crying at the end of the night. But, but this can't be good. I mean, where's she gonna find the votes? Young voters? No, black voters. No. I mean, election day, no early vote. No. I mean, she's running out of Options. Well, they're also in the Georgia CNN exit poll. The gender gap that they were counting on basically is double men versus women for Trump and women versus men. For Kamala Harris, it's in single digits. It's I think 12% for men for Trump and about six or seven. That is not the gender gap that they were looking for in Georgia. But the pro the, the issue with what we're seeing some of these counties starting to flip or get really tight where they weren't in 2020, is it reflects some of the late polling that we saw and what we've heard anecdotally about these minority voters, especially black men.


Now we've heard that before, right? We've been burned before, but this time it sounded more realistic. And that is why the Harris campaign has to be very nervous seeing these early. I know they're exit polls. I know they're not super scientific, they're not tested out. But You'd rather be heading them than behind. Exactly. And I mean it's only data. I mean, you could dismiss it or not, but I don't want the data going against me. I'm sorry, I just want one more que I wanna ask you, Mike, and then I And I, please jump in. Yeah, no. So I don't know how you know so much about the deep state, but I, I'll watch your video sometimes. I'm like, damn, this guy's good. Like, I mean, I wrote three books and you know, you're, you throw these things out there, you know, national Endowment for the Democracy and all this stuff, CCIA cars.


Just quickly, I had to take a quick break, get to some spots and we'll get to Avita and some more questions for you all. Do you say Trump gets in again with a body of four years behind him? He obviously knows where the bodies are buried. This time it's not gonna be that learning curve. Do you sense deep staters, mass resignations, or do you sense them digging in and we get like a thousand Alexander Monds? Yeah, absolutely. Digging in one of the, the words that they're, that the foreign policy. I didn't wanna hear you say that by the way. I'm, I'm, I'm horrified you said that, but you tell us the truth. Well, That doesn't mean game over, it means game on. Right? You have, this is what they did the first time, and they've already complained about the so-called guardrails, the Democratic guardrails, the fact that that Trump is considerably wiser now than he was when he got in.


If folks remember the famous quote by James Comey when he was asked after he set up Flynn, you know, that that famous quote about is our job here to set him up, is it, is to get him to lie or to get him fired, you know, basically to entrap him or to achieve a political victory of eliminating the national security advisor. And Comey said, we wouldn't have done that to Hillary Clinton because we couldn't have gotten away with it. But the Trump administration was so green, it were, it was all people who were interested in making this country great again. They had, they had less experience in statecraft in dealing with the intelligence services, which are supposed to be foreign facing. So they really didn't know a lot of the, a lot of the, the tricks, a lot of the banana peels you can slip on while you're, you know, running through.


But Even some of the savvy ones got caught. Like Mike Flynn, who's a great guy, right? But he's a patriot. He assumed the FBI was on our side, right? Right. He's Like, yeah, boys, come on over. Right, right. He didn't realize like these guys were there. Let take a quick break. I'll get to Avita. We're here with Julie Kelly the great Mike. Bens my wonderful co-host, Andy ly talented Evita Duffy from the early edition with Evita Duffy. I hope you all are subscribers. Our show's been doing great.


Hey Bun, nice round of applause. Everybody loves be no one can be round a ball. I bet you be. Everybody starts clapping. I love it. Hey Bino, listeners get access to Beam Cyber Sale before anyone else. Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's biggest sale. I'm gonna need some Beam tonight to go to sleep.


Hey, today's economic environment is still really stressful for a lot of us. you know it, but with the Fed finally dropping rates, there's no better time now, but you and your family in a better financial position if you're a homeowner. American Financing is helping thousands of families just like you, who've been putting everyday expenses on credit cards, get out from underneath that debt by tapping into their home's. Equity American Financing, saving their borrowers over $800 a month on average, 800 months, like a $10,000 raise at work costs, absolutely nothing to find that how much you can save. They're closing summit as little as 10 days. If you start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. That's NICE's No better time than now to turn your situation around. Call today, (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 or go to American Financing dot net


and also my Patriot Supply. Folks, let me ask you a question. You think the country's going in the right direction? We'll know in a little bit if you're not, if you're feeling alarmed, you're not alone. Get prepared calories or survival in an emergency. Do the right thing, get prepared. Get an emergency food supply stored in your house, stored in your garage. It lasts up to 25 years. Right now you can get a three month emergency food kit with my Patriot Supply. The food's delicious honey wheated bread, mushroom rice peel, mushroom rice peel, love, creamy stroganoff. The entire My Patriot Supply kit offers over 2000 calories a day lasts up to 25 years. When the day comes, you'll be ready. So go to my patriot supply.com now order your three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. That's my patriot supply.com. My patriot supply.com. They've been a great sponsor.


Are we gonna do it? Are we gonna blow through 400,000 people in? Come on, spread the word. Get us there. 3 99, 3 9. Come on, we gotta do it. That's Dr. ler, check him out. That's sir. That guy's my, he's the guy who diagnosed my cancer. You know that, remember that Steve? He's like, Hey, come over. You got a lump in here. I don't wanna be like that. That Debbie downer here. But he was like, Hey man, that sounds really bad. You should go to the doctor and check that out. That's the guy right there. Oh, alright. God bless, bless you. I don't go to the doctor, right? Yes, yes. And I. He's the only, he's my friend I said, I'm not gonna wait in a waiting room. I got some freaking lump in my neck. So he was like, yeah, that sounds kind of bad. Excellent. So thanks Steve. Yes. I'm gonna lie because of Steve Di you, Steve Ather. There you go. The saving Marino's life.


He's a good man. Please. Avita. Well, Mike, I I wanted to ask you about the big tech angle of all of this. Because they had an advantage in 2020 in that everybody was regime controlled and suddenly now you have the wild card of Twitter and even now Rumble, right? It's, it's, it's grown a ton. So how does that play into the necessity of the Kamala team having a narrative control if what you laid out actually is gonna take place? No, That's exactly right. Narrative control is an, an essential prerequisite of being able to pull off these kind of bottom up toppling of democratic governments. It's actually something the state department and the intelligence services laser focus in on. It's why they flood the zone with the USAID funded media or state department media or these independent media that are, are working with intelligence services and why they've promoted censorship of, of the counter story.


And y they worked so hard to censor the 2020 election and used intelligence services effectively to do it. But it would be one thing if it was just X and just Rumble. Yeah. But the whole big tech infrastructure is actually starting to turn against them. So Mark Zuckerberg, obviously just a, just a few months ago came out and told Jim Jordan that it was the Biden administration's fault. But he had been having those misgivings for a very long time that the Facebook files show that he, even with the senior management, he didn't want to do the censorship of Covid. It seems, in retrospect, given the, the direction he skated to that much of the 2020 censorship was not something he was comfortable with. We know in 2019 he was giving speeches in San Jose saying he thought censorship had gone too far, but then he got hit with a $60 billion ad boycott and then quickly folded.


But I think he's a, he's starting to have had enough on that And I think part of that is, is, is Facebook feels betrayed by the Biden State Department. Yeah. Who essentially allowed Europe to regulate them through the Digital Markets Act and Digital Services Act. Tim Cook from Apple just placed a call to Trump a few weeks ago saying that he felt betrayed by the Biden administration not fighting for Apple with a $15 billion fine from the eu. Google has, Sundar Phai has come up as basically cozied up to Trump in in the past months because the Justice Department keep your eye of the Biden Harris administration is now trying to break up Google. And in fact, when Ben Shapiro and, and Tucker Carlson and others were hit by this New York Times Media Matters boycott piece to try to get them removed from the YouTube ad Partners program, YouTube issued a statement saying, we are not de platforming these people.


We are not demonetizing them. We believe in free speech during election season. And so every single one of the social media platforms right now, 400,000, Until they're further destabilized and we'll wait to see what the Justice Department does is holding strong right now in free speech. That's, I feel bad when anybody criticizes big tech. I'm like, actually it's not really big tech's fault. That's kind of the federal government. All their bad behavior in 2020 and beyond during this Biden administration has been censorship directed by the federal government and kind of in duress by the social media companies. Very deliberate duress. Yeah. That, you know, much of what the, the government whole of society model is about, is about changing the economics of the private news distribution, news production economy so that the news entities and the social media companies are incentivized to promote the government line.


This is exactly what they did in social media, but now it, you know, they've done so much coercion and the possibility of having a neutral president who is not cramming down on them on the regulatory side and who, when he had a chance to actually come down on them, did not, I think is, is basically a parachute for these companies to get back to normal. Yeah. Jim, that's updated. I just saw on my phone, Julie and Mike, that early results suggest amendment four will fail. So here in Florida, amendment four is, is the, the, the, the, the pro-life. It's the baby killer measure. So Amendment four would mean that if it it had succeeded, we would've had less protection for life. So Here's the update. State called for Trump, Missouri, Tennessee, no surprise there. Florida folks, I'm telling you, Florida was a bloodbath for them.


I mean the Kamala Harris campaign was a disaster here. Oklahoma, no surprise, Alabama, Mississippi, no big surprises yet. Julie, we're gonna go to Crowder in a minute, but I just wanted to ask you a question. You're another, you and Mike with the deep state stuff. And Mike, if you wanna chime in quickly too, the Trump team was super smart this time. They didn't use the GAO transition team, which screwed them over last time. They absolutely knew they were gonna get effed on that one. And they said no more briefings. Right. Because you know what's gonna happen? We're gonna, you're gonna brief us and you're gonna use it as an interrogation and you're gonna accuse us of leaking. Right. Very, very smart move Julie. It absolutely is. Because now we know This isn, I mean these are the same people. Lisa Mon Monaco, AVR Hanes who's the director of National Intelligence.


These are the same people who were there in 2016. They're definitely gonna set Trump up. He's already been president, he's gonna have a solid team. He doesn't need to be, you know, lured in by Avril Hanes or Lisa Monaco or anyone at DHS or any of these agencies under the ruse of transition to create the same sort of thing that we saw during the transition period. I think it's 'cause they're listening to people like you guys who are now warning 'em. Definitely, Hey man, this is like, these are not, I'm sorry, but a lot of these people are not home team, but Mike on that GAO thing, that was smart, wasn't it? Yeah, no, it was, and to what you guys were talking about, you know, there's really no intelligence lost in the failure to have some of these briefings.


The fact is, is they have suffered so much reputational damage, the analyst wings of the CIA and FBI because of how many hoaxes they have pushed time and time again. You don't know if the intelligence that is coming into the incoming administration is designed to influence policy rather than designed to actually educate the president. And so there, there are many other ways to get an, an approximate value that are shy of, of setting yourself up for some sort of, you know, criminal investigation on the basis of it. So glad to have you guys on the panel. All right. You guys ready? Is this gonna be the biggest crossover in the history? Oh no. What? That wasn't us.


Did they kill our It was going to, but then they just killed their own audio. They killed it, killed the audio for us. Hey, let the record. We are, we are three and oh on technical issues on the call. We have had it right. Dan We can you can hear us, but now we can't hear you. Can you say something brother? I I can hear you. I I got a little double feed to you. Okay. But I got a little double feed. Oh, we got it. We did it. I feel like, Steve, I feel like we should have Doro Dorothy Explorer and Boots in here. We did it. We did. you know, we did it. Hey man, you have a monster stream tonight. Blowing it up for Rumble as always. I think we're taking over the interwebs. you know, I asked you the other day, man, are moments like this, like, I, I'd rather be, I'd rather be us than old school cable news on nights like this.


I mean, I know they have that legacy thing, but it's kind of clear that this is the future and that's kind of a dying brand, isn't it? Well, yes, and if you could line up all the Kers in the world, it still wouldn't be enough for them to eat. I hope that that doesn't offend people on your street. But I will say that it's quite visual being my ninth being my ninth favorite Guinea. And you know, I, I prune that list for you. You tell me that every time. Share it With you. Turn me up a little Bit. We, you know, we actually were the, what people watching our stream know we were subject to Ddo s attacks for the election integrity map that people can follow right now. Where we've made some, some calls to states before even CNN or those folks have, it's gonna get wild and wooly with the swing states, but we're not relying on them at all.


And like I said, we'll make that available to you.


I also wanted, hey, by the way, jacked up Fitness people can go to, This was from, I lost his audio Of 2022. Wait, hold on, don't panic. It's just like they'll fix it in a second. But I heard you say jacked up. Okay, I got you back. Sorry, go Ahead. Alright. No, I was saying that I, we just brought them on as a sponsor Last minute. And I heard that you've been, you know, you've Been quite a, from Jacked Up Fitness this year. Hey, Don's there. Hey Don, Steve, Don. So Steve Crowder just gave you a big shout out. The owner of the company is legit here. I offended. So Jacked up Fitness I don Steve Crowder, you know, he works out. So Don's right here, Steve, he's like right in front of him. He, Steve just said that you, you want, you're doing the Steven Crowder show now, which is good. Because. they folks, there's Don right there. This is For You. don and Steve. Steve do Steve is not a fatty like Steve. You can't bring on Fatties for a company like that. Correct. You can't be like that. Go use Jacked Up fitness. The product is great and you're dropping like four, 500 beans on the scale. You can't do that. It just Doesn't work. No, no, no. I lost eight pounds in 12 hours though because of the stomach flew from hell. I have a really, I have a brown bucket right next to me. Yes. Tonight, right Next to me. He says he lost eight pounds with your equipment there, Steve, Don You. don says, by the way, Jack, that, Hey Steve. He says he's got, I love the machine personally, but Don says he is got a super duper machine coming out now. I said, bro, I want an upgrade. You send that freaking machine over to my house, dad. Meanwhile things like 8,000 pounds. I'm like, send that thing over to my crib, brother. Yes. Well we'll make sure


And I know. And by the way, I, I didn't realize this. Everyone was horrified just for people who know because we just called some states. So We can talk shop when you came in, I always, you know, I, I always speak when I shouldn't and you came in And. I knew that you had had, you know, obviously cancer and beaten it. And, I didn't remember, but my producer said, I can't believe the first thing you said to Dan was, wow, cancer looks good on you. I was like, I don. Remember saying that? Thats Cool compliment. I'm not. Yeah, you ever, what do you think? I'm like captain sensitivity, do I, do I look like the kind of guy who gives a shit? No. This is why we get along so well. Seriously. Almost nothing you could say that would offend me brother at all. I know where your heart is. You're a good dude. So wait, let's talk some shop here though. You've got a whole team back there. Gimme your overall kind of, I hate the bird's eye view, whatever, but gimme the macro, right?


I'm feeling pretty freaking amazing right now, but I don't wanna pop any champagne cos yet. The numbers look terrible for Common Harris. Look Molly, what's your team telling you? So we just got some numbers here that actually are pretty interesting as far as Florida. Now here's the thing to a lot of young people watching right now, they don't realize that we used to stay up late, right. Just to hear the results from Florida. So people are taking for granted that Florida's not really a swing stick. That's right. But we have the numbers. I think Gerald has 'em in front of me. There was an 18 point swing. Was it Miami Dade or was it Palm Beach? Let's, Gerald will come in real quick. Miami-Dade 2020. Biden won that 7.3. Trump is leading by 11 right now. These numbers can change a little Bit. They can change right Now. Right? Broward Biden won by 29 points. Harris is only up by 20. Palm Beach, Kamala is up 0.7.


Biden won that by 12. These numbers are massive shifts, massive Shifts in Those counties. And, I think a big reason for it, you know, in Florida is you look, there's a huge percentage of Jewish Americans obviously voting and the Hispanic Americans and Donald Trump doesn't need to win those demographics. He just needs to peel off enough people, which is what I think we're seeing. And so we're gonna have our analysts there sort of layover, you know, sort of put these over Pennsylvania with the biggest obviously of the swing states Jewish voting election base, I believe it's 800,000. So if we're seeing that, you know, it could be an act actually a pretty early night. Again, we don't wanna count any chickens. Yeah. Before they hatch is eggs, before they hatch chickens, chickens before they hatch. But the numbers are not looking good for Kamala. Of course the caveat there is outright theft.


We know that. Yeah. But, but I think that's good. You have Gerald there. We love Gerald. Gerald's like a big wine guy. He sent me a bottle and usually when people say they're gonna send you a bottle of wine, Steve, they send you some cheapo or something. Not Gerald. Gerald sent me like the high end. I almost felt bad. I felt like sending him a check. Yeah. I was like, damn bro. you know your wine. So we love Gerald, but it makes the Trump strategy. I, I mentioned this earlier in the show. I'd love to get your thoughts on it. Sound like it's pretty genius. You can see at the end, if you notice all the visits they made, they were not abandoning the West Coast, Arizona. They went out there, but they focused heavily on Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and Georgia because of what you just said. They're terrified of another late night ballot. Drop this thing Dragon or two in the morning.


Then they know if they run up the score on the east coast, that there's simply no freaking math. If he wins pa, North Carolina and Georgia, there's simply no math for her to win. I thought the strategy was genius. Yet the only problem is Pennsylvania, of course you're saying, ah, it might take them, what is it, four years to count the votes to the next election. But it may not matter if we're looking at the percentages again, we have a a team here where We can look at the, the margins, even if Donald Trump doesn't win, let's say Virginia or New Hampshire. But if it's within, let's say New Hampshire, two points. If it's within five points in Virginia, that gives you some pretty good ideas, some indicators as far as momentum. And these states can be called early. So we have some people here who are looking at some numbers that may often be overlooked. I think that's why we have the, the, the biggest dream right now in, in, in the world, Because.


they really are working hard back there to provide some of this data. Yeah. And you know, CNN is not having a good night tonight. We know, look, this could go either way, but I think people have good reason to feel pretty confident. It doesn't change that. Hey, if you were out there in the West coast where the polls have not have not closed, not that I'm gonna change anyone's mind right now. Make sure you vote if you're somewhere where the polling stations weren't working and the extended voting hours, make sure you get everyone there who could have possibly missed voting. But yeah, there are a lot of good indicators that we see tonight. And we just talked about too, I Don't know, but Rumble Premium, we just launched tonight where Mug Club has rumbled premium. Donald Trump jr's gonna be on there and they're adding content. Where Mug Club is now officially Rumble Premium. It's all one umbrella. And I know that you obviously have been on Rumble for a very long time.


You're there. Yeah, I Know a little bit about the company Because you bet on them when no one was. Yeah, yeah. I, I heard about I love Rumble. I met that guy Chris once you know him I think he runs a company or something. I we had coffee once or twice. No, I love Rumble. We are really ecstatic to have you on Rumble Premium. I mean, you were one of the biggest live streamers in the world, not just the United States. And, and as I said, Steve, you know, it is the future. It it is unquestionably the future. Let me get your opinion on some of these. West, west, let's move out west a little bit. you know, Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona. What's your team telling you? Avita Duffy's next to me. She knows Wisconsin politics well. Her dad was a congressman there for a long time. A vita's a little concerned about Wisconsin. I, I, I don't, I'm I'm not knee deep in Wisconsin politics.


But what are you thinking? Well, the, the best part about Wisconsin is that it has 49 of the drunkest counties outta the top 50. True. So that's always fun, no matter. That's pretty awesome. We're gonna have a good time. I have said since the beginning, right, of this election that I, I think Wisconsin is more likely than Michigan being someone who has relatives in both Wisconsin and Michigan, having spent a good portion of my life in Michigan just because of the corruption. you know, Michigan, you know, one thing people don't like to acknowledge, McCarthy was right when he talked about communists, when he talked about spies, he was right about them infiltrating institutions, namely academia, Hollywood, but also the unions in the United States. And that's why when you look at, for example, the teamsters, when you look at the actual percentage of the members of the union who were overwhelmingly supporting Donald Trump, what happens is you have union leadership.


Just sit it out Because, they are not looking to do the will of their actual members. Right. It's really about those in charge. As far as Wisconsin, I think that was, Wisconsin is more inherently conservative than Michigan. Outside of Milwaukee and Madison. I'm interested to hear why Avita is less confident. I'm not super confident in either of those states, but I do think that Wisconsin is more likely than Michigan. But I'd be curious to hear a Vita's thoughts and if she thinks that Michigan is more likely, Why do you think that the people, Michigan is more likely? One second. Sorry. I'm sorry. We didn't get your, your, your microphone there. I'm sorry. There we got it. Could you go one more time? Can you hear me now? Yes. Yes, ma'am. No, I, no. So what I'm saying, what I meant is that I think Milwaukee is a little more prone to cheating.


That's what I'm saying. I think it's a little insecure. Yeah. They're having to recount already in Milwaukee, there were a lot of discrepancies in 2020. I'm not worried about the people of Wisconsin. I love the people of Wisconsin. I'm worried about the process. Yeah, I think you kind echo the same that you just said. The same thing. You kind of echoed the same sentiments, Right? About Michigan? Well, about Michigan, yeah, about Michigan. And so I, I hear where you're coming, but in Michigan, they just made it too big for people to understand. There was a cheat. Like for example, I didn't live in Michigan for a very long time in the last election, but I received a ballot to my old address, and it just said that it was processed. And I had no way to confirm whether it was actually filled out or not. And by the way, I checked on relatives in Michigan, same thing who I know did vote, and it just said processing.


And there was no way to confirm, at least as the election, the ballots were being counted. So yes, I hear you in Milwaukee, Avita. But I would ask you, you know, 'cause you, you're the state that had Scott Walker, by the way. Not really a, a rhino. Someone who was pretty conservative, was looked at for the national stage. We haven't had that in Michigan in quite a while. The state legislature kind of goes back and forth. But the entire system in Michigan is corrupt because of Wayne County. And not only that, but you can see it in Grand Rapids. You certainly see it even in Northern Michigan. Areas like Traverse City, which basically is San Francisco of the north. So I, exactly what you're saying about Wisconsin, I'm not as familiar with is exactly why I feel that Michigan would be hard, not because of the people though a little bit because of the people, but because of the union strongholds.


And I just look, in Michigan, we talked about this. We just had a Chinese exchange student who voted, asked for their ballot back and they found out this person was a non-citizen. But the vote will still count. And in Michigan, you don't actually have to provide proof of citizenship. You just sign an affidavit. And where is Michigan on, on mail, on the drop boxes. Because I know Wisconsin has them all over the place now, where Supreme Court said it's okay. So does Michigan allow that too? I don't know what the recent rulings have been, but I do know that they have allowed them in the past. Again, these things are kind of fluid right now with them going up and down in the courts, right? But you know, Michigan is that state where you had that hockey, you had that famous graph, right? And you had the red wagons come in with votes and you had people board up the precincts with Bristol boards. So if it's as bad in Wisconsin, they weren't as flagrant.


Like they didn't even try and hide it in Michigan. So maybe they just do a better job of hiding it Wisconsin. But I think it's the same thing, what, what you're saying, the people and the representation, there's a pretty big divide and you're probably more in tune with Wisconsin. But same thing with Michigan. I know so many people who would vote for Donald Trump. It's definitely close, but you don't always see that in those national elections. Steve, I, I gotta, I'll, I'll let you run after this question and continue to dominate with the live stream. Rumble loves you. I love, you've been a good friend to me. Georgia right now does not look good for Kamala Harris. Now again, it depends on what portion of the state. There could be some urban vote, there could be some rural, we don't really know, but 55% of the vote is. So we have a good sample size.


Donald Trump is at this point is up pretty handily in Georgia. This doesn't look good again for Kamala Harris, what's your team telling you about Georgia? 'cause like I said, if Pennsylvania, Georgia, North Carolina go our way handily, there's just no math for her. Well there's math for her if she wins Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. But you know, yeah, it's certainly a good start. And that's why we thought if we look at the East coast, we're looking, looking for some other indicators like in Virginia, like in New Hampshire to see where that margin is. But actually Gerald, I believe has an update right now on Georgia from our real time data analyst. It's so funny you asked that. I asked for a trend in Georgia right now, just so We can see it. So 48% statewide county counted. DeKalb is not reported yet, but Trump at the last dump in the last hour, he's received 57.2% of the vote.


So going forward on these, as these dumps come in, that number that he needs to win is going down. So 46% of the outstanding vote is all he needs to win in Georgia right now. So that's something that we will track over time. It is heading down, it was 47.7%, now it's 46%. So as these dumps come in, Trump is getting a large share and it's cutting the number he needs of whatever's remaining to actually be able to win. So the trend is good in Georgia right now? Yes. And we're providing right now, sorry, I'm losing my voice. This is from all the acidic vomit the last two days, no joke, where I was worried about my vocal Cordic one keeping up. We actually have an exclusive graph that we're providing to the audience so they can see what percentage of the remaining dumps Donald Trump knows.


So they can see that go down in real time. And yeah, like you said, it's a very good trend for Donald Trump. It, it's not a deadlock, but if you look at Georgia and you look at North Carolina, if you wins those, and of course Florida what's called very early, and you look at the margins and some of those eastern states, he doesn't have to win them, for example, like in a place like New York I think he only needs to be within 16, I think only losing it by 16. And that would put him really with the last Republican to win. I believe it was George HW Bush in 1988 who came that close to New York. So we're looking at some of these numbers. I think you're right. Hopefully we just help undergird, you know, not your gut feeling in some of the numbers, but you know, we have guys getting very, they're nerds back there, Dan. They're real nerds. Steve, listen man, I I, again, I'll let you roll, but what I'm, what I'm feeling right now, And I, what I wanna say, I'm, I'm kind of holding inside because I, I don't want to get out ahead of myself, but I, in 2016, you know Dan Horowitz over at Conservative Review.


Do you know Dan at all? Yeah, he has his own podcast, but yeah, yeah. Well, Dan And I, we kind of got into it, I mean friendly. It's not like we were doing juujitsu or anything, but we kind of got into it a little bit. 'cause I was running in 2016 for Congress. And I was knocking on doors. And, I saw it. I saw like all these people with yard signs who weren't on my knock list and they were like, Oh, yeah, I never vote. That's why I'm not on your knock list. I'm just voting for Trump. And I said, man, this guy's gonna win. And I had that feeling. I'm sensing it this time too. I mean the big Mo, I dunno what the hell you call it, but you just know, like in a fight, anything from like Juujitsu to someone else, when momentum's on your side, you can feel it. And I wanna be Trump right now. I sure as hell don't wanna be Kamala. No, I think that's a good read.


And you know, if you guys want to look at some of the details, you know, you can, you, it's free for anyone, the election integrity map.dot com, you can check it out where we're providing data that they're not providing in a lot of these other places. So your gut is right and the numbers that you have are reflected when you get even deeper into the numbers. So you're, you're not wrong, but what you're feeling is probably a result of the, the Bluetooth. So let's, let's keep that to a minimum. Steve, we love you man at Rumble. You're, you're amazing. So really, you guys have been an absolute champion for freedom of speech. We're so glad to have you. Rumble Premium Mug Club moved over. It's awesome. Thanks brother. We really appreciate it. Gerald, send me another bottle of wine. Got you covered. He's got you covered. I got Love that guy.


I'll see you guys go send you A bottle. He'll send me a box of friends here. I'll have look Dan, Bonino, Don Guys, see you all take care. Alright folks gonna take a quick break and then I'm gonna go over to Adam Gillette. I'm not lying. Savanah Hernandez growing up. You're gonna love him. Yeah. Savannah has done some amazing reporting on immigration. Adam has been all over, all over the education issue. The situation in the Middle East, some of these communist protests on college campus. Just a quick break, we'll get right back to it.


Hey, everybody's talking about these weight loss injections. Why? Because the results are dramatic. They lower blood sugar and they help reduce appetite. What if you need to lose weight And You don't have the money, you don't like weekly shots? Brick house nutrition, they created lean. How do you think Danny Botts got so ripped, right? I lost 30 pounds. Gee was like, dude, you're getting to be a big fatty. You gotta lose weight. So what did I, he actually didn't say that, but Keith's like, Did I say that. Well, he didn't, but it would've been funny regardless. So what Did I take, I'm serious. I took lean. It's not for the diet or it only has a few pounds to lose. The doctors at Brick House Nutrition created lean for frustrated Dieters that wanna lose 10 pounds from my, but seriously, I did take it. I lost 30 pounds. Let's get you started with 15% off of free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit take lean.com. Enter code Dan one five, Dan 15 for your discount Sperma code dan15@takequeen.com. Try it out. These statements of products are not been value by by the FDA. They're not gonna diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Not a substitute for alternative or for healthcare from your healthcare provider.


And we'll get right back to the show.


But hey, we've been using the pa, the bond charge infrared sauna blanket for a while. I love sauna and red light face mask ever since they centered me. That's why I'm trying to stay young folks. I don't wanna get old. I don't wanna be like a fossil. So I turned to the sauna blanket. I love it. It helps me with muscle recovery and detoxification. It's been a game changer. It's really easy to use. Just wrap yourself up and let the heat do its work. I love the product. Paula's been using the red light face mask. That's why she looks so young. Been using it to help her improve her skin's texture and reduce inflammation. We've seen some amazing results. Her skin feels smoother, looks more vibrant. The overall tone's even down. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. You wanna try 'em out? Check it out tonight. Head on over to bone charge.com/bino. Use code bino at checkout and get 25% off. Both of these products have made an amazing impact on my wellness routine. I'm sure you're gonna love 'em too. Use Code Bonino at B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bonino. Save 25%. Try 'em tonight. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda, not intended, diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Just a quick update, Jim. Is this right Jim? Because if, if I'm reading this right, this would be absolutely freaking bananas. It's Jim. Is this right about Virginia? Yes. Are you sure? Look at Lou Lan. Little Lan has a whole crew here. I I know you like say it, spit it out. Apparently Kamala Harris is only up two points in Virginia. Folks that, I mean if, if that, it depends on who's reporting. You got Southern Virginia and you got Nova Northern Virginia. I know the area well from running in Maryland, but my gosh, it's gonna be the LA Oh my gosh. Trump's gaining. No, we gained 9% in Loudoun County.


Wow. We'll see folks, I got excited about Virginia last time. I don't wanna get burned. I wanna welcome to the show, two guests, both friends Savanah Hernandez. So good to see you. You've done some amazing reporting at the border kicking ass and taking names. And Adam Gillette from Accuracy and Media. You've been doing some amazing work with dealing with these commies on these college campuses and all these other awful people. So first I'll go to you first, Adam, your general take on where we stand. Give us your take on some of the identity politics plays that Democrats relied on that aren't there this time. The Jewish voters and others that had reliably been a Democrat stronghold. Well, That's exactly it. All they do is try to divide people into groups and pin 'em against one another playing identity politics.


But it finally got to the point where these Americans were like, well sure, maybe I don't like this person for whatever thing. Or maybe they're supposedly racist, whatever. But I gotta put food on the table. I gotta have a job. I wanna have a better education for my kid. I want my kid to be able to go to school and not get assaulted on the way there by some, you know, criminal on the streets. So at the end of the day, we're all Americans and even though they could try to divide us based on a race or religion, this and that, all of these issues face us And I think people are beginning to realize that. And that's more important than however they put you against another group. One, one follow up. And I. You, you run accuracy in media. I I said before, you know, I think this will be tonight if we win big, if the greatest middle finger f you to the mainstream media hacks I've ever seen in, in really modern politics, I, if this happens tonight, there is gonna be so much crying tomorrow.


Like there's not enough Kleenex on the Northeast media corridor to make up for that. That that's exactly it. And it's not only on the media, but in the social media. All of these influencers went on the line, put their names out there, took paychecks from the DNC to push BS propaganda to kids. The DNC hires children to propagandize kids. Well, when they lose, they're left with egg on their face. It's one thing if you're paid by a winner, but when you've lied to your audience and now you're back a loser, you lose your influence. Yeah, You tell me, is this the best sign that we've had all night? This is a, a headline from the New York Post. Georgetown University provides self-care, sweets for coddled students stressed about election day complete with milk and cookies and coloring books.


Wait a couple hours and they'll start throwing them at the Jewish kids. Okay, I've been to that campus. It's a dangerous one. Okay. Yeah, no, I mean I I think we, we saw this in, in 2016, the, the footage of these college campuses and the kids just melting down for, for days. So do you expect something like to ha something like that to happen again on college campuses? If we see a flip for, for, for Trump in this election cycle, especially with the, the coconut trend and all the outreach that they've been doing on college campuses? Or do you think that it's been tempered since then? I'll tell you, I really legitimately fear major waves of violence and our hidden camera investigators, okay, wow. Are literally trying to infiltrate some of these groups as we speak for that reason.


Because if Trump wins, I don't wanna see it look like the summer of 2020 with every city on fire. I don't wanna see it look like the spring with all these crazy encampments. So now that we've been able to teach these students that sure they may drop the charges, sure the university might not hold you accountable at all, but this guy's gonna show up and ruin your day and your actions are gonna ruin your career. Now that we've introduced accountability for them, some of them all running scared. So if We can do that in a big enough way, I think we stopped that. So Savannah, you've done amazing reporting at the border. I've been following you forever. You're down there like you're deep in the weeds. Your general take on first how you think the night is going. You're a great reporter. The EV numbers, early vote numbers are great.


I mean, we've a lot of Arkansas, by the way, called for Trump, which is not a big surprise. But the, you know, the numbers coming in now, now we have hard numbers, not polls. You wanna be Donald Trump and the role you think immigration played in this, especially in the border states where people in Texas, New Mexico, California and southern country, they're really pissed off at Arizona. Oh, absolutely Dan. And you know what, I feel like a lot of us have PTSD from what happened in 2020. So a lot of us don't wanna call it early, but I will say And I like to do the man on the street work, right? I like traveling the nation, And I like going and really gauging the energy in every single state. And the energy surrounding Donald Trump has been incredible.


It has completely shifted. Let's not forget that there was a period of time where you couldn't even wear a MAGA hat on the streets of New York without getting punched in the face. And now we saw a sea of MAGA hats and Madison Square Garden completely sold out for Donald Trump. So the energy has been incredible. And regarding illegal immigration, absolutely it has been the economy, it has been illegal immigration that has been at the forefront because And I use New York as my north star, right? For how the rest of the country's feeling about the illegal problem in this country. And you had Mayor Eric Adams, who was a big proponent of sanctuary cities who said that New York is a city of immigrants and we will always welcome the immigrant. Even mayor Eric Adams has stated that this, this situation has gotten out of control.


He has been fighting with the federal government, the Biden Harris administration has absolutely failed. And in various states, this is absolutely going to pardon my French, but bite them in the ass. They have absolutely decimated our quarter. You can curse On this show. My apologies. My apologies folks. The chat. Sorry folks. Sorry. We're kidding. Obviously. Fuck that. We curse on the show all the time, not Avi a vita's a lot nicer than me, but I have the worst mouth ever. Just get up on the mic a lot folks. Sorry about the crowd noise, but you know, it's a big party tonight. We're doing our best. I appreciate it. I'm hearing you, but just get up on the mic when you talk Aveta. We saw that was it, was it just last week that Donald Trump said, I'm gonna protect women by, by, you know, securing the border. And then Kamala flipped it and made it some sort of nefarious statement.


What's your take on that Savannah, as a young woman, as somebody in the, the under 30 female demo that's supposed to be so enthusiastic about Kamala and perceive that as some sort of negative statement from Trump? Right. I think anybody with two brain cells understood exactly what Donald Trump was trying to say. And the average American woman is, is tired, right? Because Kamala Harris does not stand for women. If she did, she would secure the borders. She would make sure that our women and children are safe. And, I think it's absolutely her horrific, that American women and children have been sacrificed at the alter of illegal immigration over these past couple of years. Americans have seen that every single time we are opening up the news, there is another woman, there is another child that has been brutalized by an illegal immigrant that should not be here.


If you look at the numbers of convicted rapists and murderers that had been let in under Biden and Kamala, it, it's absolutely atrocious. So as a woman myself, I'm even afraid to get into an Uber because I can't even properly communicate with the person picking me up anymore because illegal immigrants renting out Uber accounts has gotten so out of control. They've rented out DoorDash accounts. This is something I've researched extensively as well in New York. It's a huge issue and it's time to crack down. It's time for mass deportations. It's time to clean up the country because our women and our children deserve it. So yeah, the illegal immigration issue is really, really going to harm Kamala Harris because again, whether or not she likes it and whether or not the media, you know, like they keep trying to, to, to say that she was not the border czar, but she was.


And this problem is directly tied to her and Biden, they campaigned on amnesty for millions of illegal immigrants. And this crisis is a direct result of their policy. Everything that they've talked about Kamala Harris previously talking about abolishing ice. So this is not the party of protecting women. This is not the party of maintaining our country. And I think the polls will reflect that tonight. Let Me ask you specifically about Arizona. Yep. Again, a border state, you are down there, you've done a ton of reporting from the border. Donald Trump has never significantly trailed in any serious polls in Arizona. I mean, I, maybe I'm asking a question, I already know the answer, but what seems so insane to me is the Democrats just had to not be crazy on the border, right?


Like there were de I'm, I'm not nuts here, right? Exactly. Like there were degrees of depravity. Like you can, I'm not suggesting I am an absolute like close the border come in the legal way, we get that. But like if they just would've made some veiled attempt, but these foxes used to launch this drone and you're like, there's like hundreds of thousands of people, they were so crazy. It's like the nuts that they even expected to compete in Arizona. It's almost like they said, ah, f you guys, you know, And you know what Dan, I think the thing too is it's not just the border itself, but it's the infiltration of every American city in town that has really impacted the average American because it's personally affecting them now. Yes, they are seeing the billions of dollars, I believe 150 billion yearly at this point that are going toward illegal immigrants in this country.


They are seeing that migrants can cross into the United States of America. They're given a plane train, bus ticket to wherever they would like to go, a $2,000 check, a free hotel room, free healthcare, free childcare. And the average American is paying for all of that. And they're extremely upset because guess what? There's also a huge housing crisis going on and that is directly correlated to the huge population surge of migrants. So I know you're asking about Arizona, but for example, I just got back from Maine, where in Brunswick they are giving illegal immigrants free apartments for two years. These are luxury apartments. If you as an American citizen would like to rent one out, it's gonna run you about 1800 to $2,300 illegals that are being flown in on Biden, Harris's CHNV program are getting them for free for two years.


So the people in border states have been experiencing this for years. And even people in the upper or innermost corners of the United States are, are seeing this impact and they're pissed. Wait, one quick thing I just wanna throw in. Hey guys, we at is, am I reading that right? 431,000 folks? I don't even know what to say. Oh, I mean this is like, I'm really genuinely touched. This. bonino army has grown so much. There are 431,000 people. We have filled the big house in Michigan like four times. That is amazing. IIII can't thank you enough. I'm serious man.


You guys have like made my whole life like who the hell brings in 431,000 people, 432 on Election, Night, I. love you all for being here. Just some quick updates. Producer Jim is doing the Steve Kki, he's running around, he's pulling the tie off. He's like that Giffy guy, the thing, he's got things going here and there. So Allegheny County, Pennsylvania mail-in ballots. Adam, I'll, I'll get your thoughts on this next. The Pittsburgh area, okay, the burbs around there, it was 71 29 to Trump. It was 80 20 for Biden in 2020. So they're running way, way behind some exit polls. Granted they're exits.


What do we do with exit polls? We typically throw 'em out. But I'd rather be doing good in them than doing bad. Trump leads in Williamson County, Texas, one of the suburbs of Austin, which is a pretty liberal area of Texas. Trump leads and Biden was plus one in 2020. They called Arkansas for Trump. No surprise there. Wouldn't that be a shocker if Kamala Harris, if Kamala Harris won Arkansas. I'm wrapping this party up tonight, we're all outta here, forget it. And then Dallas County, Kamala Harris plus 13 in 2020, Biden was plus 22 producer. Jim's gonna go do his thing, get us some more info. Adam again, Pennsylvania, the, you know, Austin suburbs in Texas.


Is there a single trend going in Kamala Harris's direction tonight? Like am I missing something? Not that I see And, I thought the Virginia one was the most interesting one because that's the state where two years ago Republicans thought they were gonna flip one house of the legislature and take total control of the government. Instead they lost the one house they had. Loudoun County in particular previously had a state attorney who tried to arrest me for doing activism against their wacko city commissioners there, or county commissioners. Instead, now they're trending towards Trump. And to see Pennsylvania, a state where republicans tried to work with the Democrat governor to get school choice happening. And of course the union owned Democrats had to block that. People are sick of the madness and insanity when you've got bipartisan ideas like school choice being pushed in Pennsylvania.


And these wackos wanna insist that kids go to failing schools in dangerous environments throughout the state. Yeah, of course they're gonna be ticked off. you Know, school choice is a big issue with me. I was a product of de facto school choice. My parents were not particularly wealthy. A local Catholic school took us on as kind of a charity case. I'm only here speaking to you in semi coherent English because of school choice. This is the issue that flipped Florida black female voters went for Ron DeSantis and numbers Ron DeSantis that we hadn't seen in a long time. This is a winning issue for Republicans. I know it's not the sexiest topic in the world, I get that. But this is absolutely a winner. Kim Reynolds in Iowa Reynolds. Yes, Greg Abbott in Texas.


I mean, if Josh Shapiro had some freaking balls in Pennsylvania, the Democrat governor, it would've already been passed. But of course he doesn't. He's like a eunuch. But this is a huge issue, especially for minority voters. It's A huge issue for every American because the biggest donors in American politics aren't the Cokes. They're not George Soros. They're our own tax dollars through the teacher's unions. These public schools exist to funnel our taxpayers to the teacher's unions and big government left-wing candidates. It's the only job they do consistently. Well, the kids don't learn a damn thing. But every two weeks without fail, those unions get our money. And every two years those politicians get that cash. Biggest Scam I've ever seen. Can I, can I ask you about Virginia? Because we're seeing good things about it and it might not go to go to Trump and that's fine, but there's a lot of, of, of, of areas of course that are near Washington DC And, I think that part of why we're seeing positive things from Virginia right now is because so many of them are afraid to tell their neighbors who they're voting for if they're voting for Trump.


Right? And we saw that video last week of a woman who claimed to be part of the, the, the security state yelling at a black Trump supporter for saying that she in a private conversation supported him. How do you think the silent vote that the silent Trump supporter is gonna impact this election, especially in places like Virginia where you might not be, might not be MAGA country? I think it speaks to what you said before, where people are sick of it. They're sick of the media telling them how to think and denying reality. They're sick of the media saying, Kamala's doing a great job from the border. And that half an hour saying she was never in charge of the border I, don Dunno what you're talking about. And it speaks to the disdain they have for the average American and know stupid. They think that we are, that they can save those lies and get and get away with it.


And people are sick of it. And, I think you're seeing those responses in states like Virginia as a result. Yeah. Savannah, I, I've said this to my audience many times, the unbelievable Bino army who I love, 436,000. Gosh, you guys are unbelievable. I'm really like flattered. I think Donald Trump's lasting gift to the Republican party. I'll get your thoughts after this too. It's not gonna be the policy stuff, let's be honest. He's run a pretty standard conservative first term. I mean Middle East policy tax cuts, This, isn. I mean this is the kind of stuff conservatives do. There was nothing unusual about his first term conservative justices. There was nothing strange. There was nothing even, you know, there was nothing groundbreaking outside of the fact that he acted as a conservative.


His real gift is going to be he penetrated this sick Republican culture where we just had forfeited the Hispanic and black vote. We said we didn't, but you know, we did. They'd be like, we're going to urban centers. They were full of shit. I ran in Maryland there. I would go in Lexington Market and Baltimore. I know, you know the area. There were people like you are a Republican. Like they, they looked at you like you were a fucking space alien. Like they'd never seen a Republican in their lives. We always bullshitted people. Donald Trump, I don't know what it is, man, but he broke through this And I swear to you, his lasting gift is going to be opening the eyes of minority voters who are now like, damn, these guys were with me the whole time.


These Republicans, You know, Dan, you say you don't know what it is, but I'll tell you what it is. He's a businessman and he loves the American people and he always has. I've been reading The Art of the Deal and Donald Trump since you know his inception, truly has cared about helping his fellow man, And, I feel like that is translated into his campaign. He's not a politician, he's a regular, i, I don't know if he's a regular American citizen, but you know, he, he's somebody that's relatable. He's somebody who can hit up on stage, but he acts like one. Yeah, yeah, exactly. He he acts like a normal person. He's not like Kamala Harris. Isn't that weird though? He's a billionaire and like he's the most relatable guy in the race. And you know why Dion? 'cause I was thinking about this and it's because he has real world experience. you know why Kamala Harris is so awkward?


Because she doesn't have real world experience. So true. She's not talking to people on the street. Donald Trump has gone to the Bronx of all places. Okay? He's going and he's hanging out with people in barbershops. He's going to freaking McDonald. And it's not weird, okay? But He's just not weird around People. He's a normal human being and it really resonates with the people. Kamala Harris is over here. She can't even fake her own phone call correctly. It's a joke. I Know you saw that. That was, Yeah, it was hilarious. But that's what it is. He's so authentic. He's an authentic human being. He sees the problems that we all see and he wants to fix 'em at the end of the day. That's it. And he just like me, was censored off of Twitter for years, right? So it's, it's really cool to just see a candidate who can relate to the American people on such a personal level.


I mean, let's talk about the overreach of government. The persecution that the average American is facing from, again, a bloated and completely corrupt government. He has truly faced everything that we have. And he famously said what? That they're not after me. They're after you. I'm just in the way And I. Think We can see that every single day in the way that he acts, in the way he portrays himself, in the way he speaks to the American people. You like Savannah and, and Adam by the way, please, where can they find you on X or website? Promote your stuff. And then I'm gonna, I got a question for you. Go ahead. Yeah, go follow me on Rumble of all places, you know, thanks to Elon Musk as well for buying X. This is the first election I'm actually able to commentate on. 'cause I was banned for two years. But go follow me on X at Sav says, and then Rumble as well.


Incredible platform. We love Rumble. SAV short for Savannah. She's amazing. You wanna see more of her on The, Dan, Bongino, Show and early edition with ata. I do. We love our content Adam, love yours too. Where can people find your support, your work, Accuracy and media? Where on every social media platform or website is aim.org. You could join us in putting frowns in the faces of bad people. Well, I tell you what, tonight is looking amazing. And I know. Listen, I know shouting fraud's a horrible thing like I get it. But I gotta tell you, man, I saw a tweet today. I am not gonna say from who, 'cause I actually like the guy, but he's kind of one of these old school like mainstream republic. You probably saw the tweets here where I'm going with this. And the gist of the tweet was, hey man, remember, no matter what happens, like we're all Americans.


Yeah, I mean technically we're all citizens. But that's not what I've been told brother. I've been told like you've been told and you've been told and you've been told that I'm a fascist. I'm a misogynist. I don't like immigrants. I'm a racist. I'm a Nazi. And I'm sorry man. Like I don't wanna see anybody's feelings get hurt. But I don't really give a shit if we win tonight. And you are crying because you ran a dumb ass fucking campaign telling people like half of America are a bunch of Nazis, when all we wanna do is be left alone. I mean, did I, I'm sorry, I'm not in the mood for a kumbaya moment. you know, I Disagree slightly. I wanna see some feelings get hurt. Okay, well you disagree, said in a good direction. I do.


I just, if they wake up tomorrow, Savannah, you your thoughts on this too, these media people, if I wake up tomorrow, you know what? They should hurt a little bit because maybe that emotional pain is enough. I doubt it. I doubt it, I doubt it. But to look in the mirror and go, okay, maybe calling half of America freaking Nazi serial murders was not a good idea. And Dan, I've made it my life's mission to go and confront a lot of these media members to their face. I did at the RNC in the DNC. And you know what, they always run scared. I know you're at Because. they that Because, they know that they're pathetic liars. And they are, quite frankly, traitors to the American public. They have a responsibility just like you And I do to tell the American public the truth, to give us the real news.


And they have lied to us extensively. And you know what Dan I said this earlier. I said, if you voted for Donald Trump, congratulations on breaking through a multi-billion dollar propaganda campaign targeted at making you vote against a prosperous and free America. The media was very much a part of that. And. I want them to be ashamed, Because, they should be because they're horrible. And watching them cry is just gonna be, mm. You guys remember, Alexa, I got an update here folks, and it's a good one. It's a very good one. Now again, these are exit poles. So take everything with a massive grain of salt that looks like a boulder. Remember the John Kerry debacle with the exit polls? Was that 2004? They were like, who is it who came in the room?


Let me be the first to call you Mr. President. Pro tip. He was not Mr. President. However, I'd rather be on the right side of him. And when you see trends like this, this NBC exit poll that are ridiculously bad for Kamala Harris, even if they're off by a little bit, folks, this is really bad. Thank you. NBC exit poll Hispanic men up 33% from 2020 for Donald Trump. Folks, she's running out of runway to take this plane off. She's gotta eventually come up with some exit poll, some of the numbers coming in, some early voting data because she's just at a runway.


Here's some more. New Jersey and Delaware. Go for Kamala. New Jersey I bet is gonna be a little more competitive than it was in the past, but that would've been a reach. And Georgia with 55% of the vote in Donald Trump's up 11 a cautionary note on Georgia. We don't know exactly the breakdown of who's in and who's not yet. So just to note a caution on that. And Virginia, again, 39% of the vote in this thing is ridiculously competitive. Adam, you know, Virginia politics. I mean, listen, Virginia used to be a reliably red state. I ran in Maryland, sister state right next door. I know Virginia politics very, very well.


Glenn Youngin wins there. They've got a lot of government workers who sometimes tend to vote Democrat. Overwhelming Democrat. I think we know that Virginia had changed to a reliably blue state. This does not look good in Virginia for Kamala Harris at all. I Think the wild thing with those exit polls, and it goes to what you said earlier about immigration, is immigration is the issue that bit them in in the ass on both ends. Because, they thought we bring in all these immigrants, they're gonna be reliable Hispanic voters for years. Oh, that didn't turn out to be the case. They're turning into traditional Catholic voters who two, three generations later end up voting like Italians than Irish ultimately did. And then the more recent immigrants who come in illegally have turned people off.


So on both ends, the immigrants who've been here for several generations now, flipping Republican and the illegals coming in now turning other people Republican. It's the issue that they thought demographics were destiny. In reality, it's destroying them. Just one, sorry, mean. But wouldn't this be like the greatest fail of all time that they bring in a number of Hispanic immigrants from around the world thinking it's a reliable voting block and they start to flip to red. It would be the most epic fail. I'm sorry, go Ahead. Well, it would be awesome, but then you have to think, you know, in the long, in the short term, they vote really left wing Because. they get hooked on all these government programs. So I hate to be the I'm the, I'm the, I'm the, I'm the great cloud. That's why I got you here. But I wanna, I wanna ask you, Adam, about, about this tweet that I was seeing from Obama.


He did it I. think he did it earlier in the day saying we're not gonna see election results on the same day. But don't worry about it. And I was listening to M-S-N-B-C and CNN this morning and they were saying the same thing, priming us all to not be ready for results this evening. What do you think is the, is the significance of that? And as somebody who's a lot older than I am, right? At least a little bit, is this normal in American politics that now we just never get election results in the same night? Well, let's remember, we're dealing with government counting these ballots. It's true. We're not dealing with Elon Musk and SpaceX. We're dealing with the idiots who can't deliver mail or educate your kids. Yeah. So ineptitude and incompetence are the rules of the day. Now I'm biased, I'm a Floridian.


We're the greatest state in American history. You guys have done great away. People finish counting everything, went to the bar and got drunk, we're done. Yeah. But other states are still run by morons like the Northeastern states with apologies. I grew up in Jersey, but with apologies to those. They're run by morons. They have dumb rules. Pennsylvania doesn't count the mail-in votes ahead of time. I have no idea why not. Maybe me, maybe they wanna be the center of attention, but sadly all these states aren't run as well as ours. Savannah, I'm, I'm gonna take a quick break folks. I wanna just follow up with one last question and then we'll bring Julie and Mike, Julie and Mike back for some follow up on some deep, deep state stuff. But it's about replacement theory, the, you know, democrat kind of voodoo thing. Like, oh my gosh, replacement theory.


That's, it's a big scam. They're trying to scare us folks.


Arma, have you heard about this new super ood seems almost too good to be true. It isn't. I use it. It's got thousands and thousands of five star views. Life-changing testimonials from users. I love it. Arma like arm A-R-M-R-A. It's the colostrum. I throw it in my protein shakes every day. Colostrum's one of the first nutrition products we receive in life. It contains essential nutrients our body needs in order to thrive. Arm colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum, harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health. For thousands of research backed health benefits can help strengthen immunity, ignite metabolism, fortify gut health, activate hair growth and skin radiance, power, fitness performance, and compare fat confer, powerful anti-aging and benefits. Look at me. I'm gonna be 50 years old, right? We worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try armor.com/dan, check this stuff out or enter Dan to get 15% off your first order. That's TRY. Try arm a rra.com/dan. Check it out. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intend to diagnose, treat cure, prevents any disease or con condition. They are not a substitute for alternative seeking care from your healthcare provider.


And then we'll get right back to Savannah on this question.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? I've been there, but there's hope on the horizon. Beams dream powder. They send me some to try. The problem is it tastes really good too. It's been a game changer. We're sleeping well, we're sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life does. That way other sleep aids cause that next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, l-theanine, apigenin and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now Beams offering my listeners exclusive early access to their cyber sale. It's their biggest sale of the year and my listeners can shop it early before anyone else. Get up to 50% off when you visit Shop Beam Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. Get a good night's sleep. You've been hearing me rave about Dream all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over shop Beam dot com slash bonino, enter code bonino and unlock your early access. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino code bonino for up to 50% off. Thank you to all our sponsors for sponsoring Election. Night. We really appreciate it.


So Savannah, you doing awe? So much good quality journalism. It still does exist folks. People do it like Savannah on the immigration issue. They are so terrified about us talking about this that they're trying to put the racist boogeyman on us. Now you And I know that's bullshit. I mean, your name is Savanah Hernandez. It's like kind of hard to make that case, but they will anyway. Yeah. And they throw out this replacement theory thing that, oh my gosh, this replacement thing you guys talk about is so racist. Yet the interesting thing about that is I have played this replacement theory demographic destiny soundbite on my show at least probably 25 times. And it's all Democrats talking about how they wanna replace you with illegal immigrants.


And I'm like, Hey guys, if this thing is some big racist boogeyman, then you guys are the worst offenders, Right? And the media has done a really good job at trying to scare us out of talking about this issue by by, you know, labeling it this big racist thing. But you're absolutely right. It is not racist to love your country. It is not racist to have a secure border. It is not racist for your women and children to want them to be safe. Right? And you're completely right when it comes to this issue. I was just in Logansport, Indiana, have never heard of this town in my life. About hour north of Indianapolis, they had a 30% demographic change because this tiny town of 18,000 people, primarily RET White, has now been surged with Haitians who are not assimilating, who do not speak the language.


So you absolutely are seeing that demographic change. And then if you actually look at the statistics of illegal aliens that have come into this country versus the amount of Americans that are giving birth, like those numbers, I think the amount of illegal immigrants has actually surpassed for, I wanna say 2023, the amount of American births. So we absolutely are being replaced. Elon Musk has done a really good job as well of drawing attention to how these migrants are going to swing states specifically. And we're seeing a three digit increase in the amount of them here. And why is that Because, they will ultimately play into how the census is drawn, right? And how congressional districting is going to go. They will ultimately change the foundations of this country.


And it is an issue that we need to get under control. Well, I wanna thank you guys for joining me on the panel. We're not done. We'll bring you back. Go have a adult soda if you'd like. Up to you. We have no rules on drinking. I'm not gonna say I've, I I I have never been intoxicated on the air. There was a New Year's Eve party, I believe Mom was there one time and I said, Hey, I was with Fox I said, you know, you know I was out like drinking before. And they were like, just don't curse on the air, it's all you. Okay. But that was New Year's, but have a drink. It looks like a good night. We'll bring you guys back. Thanks so much. We appreciate it. So yeah, bring over June. So, and he, any updates for us? What's that? Four sixty, four hundred and sixty 4,000. Get us to 500.


If we get to 500,000 people, I, I'll, I'll tell you what, 500,000 people. I'm doing a double shot at Tequila because where's Kyle G? Where's my man? Kyle G Hey Kyle, are you around? Is that miles from Brick House Nutrition? Hey Miles, come on over here, say hello. It's another one. This was, I want you to meet this guy. This guy I folks was one of my original sponsors. Just come over wave to the camera on this side because this guy was amazing. He stuck with me early Matt's miles when I talk about him from Brick House Nutrition Here, sit down for a second, brother. You're a good man. You were one of my original sponsors. I appreciate it. Tell me quick, when we first get that you brother man, so good to See Amaz You Miles, you clearly take the product.


I mean, look at this guy. He's kind of jacked. He's making me look small. Get outta that seat. Okay. It's like a foil effect now. But just talking to the mic show you were, you were legit My first sponsor Ever. My one sponsor. Yeah. Yeah. What, what did you see in the show? Man, early on really saw, We saw Dan on the Mark Levi show and Adam And I were first building my brother. We were first building, building the, the company. And we said, you think We can get him as a sponsor? And my brother goes, let's make like a Twitter poll or something and well, Dan Bonino sponsored Brickhouse Nutrition, yes or no. And he just dmd us fly down to Florida. So the, the next week we flew down. I Remember we, we met in a Panera in Jupiter. Yeah. Do you Remember that shit? That Was fun, man. Yeah. In Panera, my brother, the Navy Seal, he is got his long hair all tatted up.


I I fly down with the same weird long hair and brother pretty made some deals. You're A patriot bro. It's a pleasure. Folks. Support his company. Brick house nutrition.com Hey, thanks for coming out today. You Appreciate This. Sky's the best man. He was one of the first ones with me. Get this thing to 500. You get this thing to 500. I am Kyle G Come here. Come over here. Kyle. This is Kyle GI talk about him on the air. It is his restaurant. This is Oken Ember in downtown Stewart. It is the finest place on earth to live. But don't tell anyone 'cause everybody keeps moving down here. Kyle, thank you for having us tonight. Appreciate Dan. My pleasure. Thank you. So I said to the audience, if we get to 500,000, I know you bought some special tequila.


I like for the place that I will do a double shot on the air for this. I may down. Oh, I'm on that sucker. I'm in on that. you do it with me, I'll do it with you. Absolutely. We gotta get a 500 and we're gonna do one if we win though. How are you feeling about the night? I know you've been a real advocate for free, Man. I'm feel, I'm feeling good. you know, the momentum we've got going in is phenomenal. I don't really see how anyone can watch Kamala and actually vote for her. So I'm feeling good about tonight. I'm glad to be here. I'm glad you guys are here and I'm ready to rock and roll Man. Hey folks in the chat, can you thank Kyle for me? This guy has been so amazing. I really, he's been going out out his way. Thank you. So Kyle g he's a patriot. And thank you for being a businessman and employing people and not apologizing for loving liberty and freedom. Thank you man. Hey, my pleasure.


And look at the shirt. He is got on. He's rocking the Outlaws. Sir, whatever our favorite vote for the outlaw baby. Thank you brother. Thanks Dan, everybody. You got it man. So if you're ever down in Florida, make sure you go to either Kyle, G's, Oak and Ember. He's got a ton of great restaurants down here. You are gonna love him. I also got my good friend Mike here, Medicus, who I love. He's got some great restaurants down here, Hudson's and stuff. They're awesome restaurants. The, the Boathouse, Stewart Boathouse, just great places. So folks, the numbers are looking even worse. There is not a single positive trend line going in that direction where Kamala Harris looks in any way. Good. It is all bad for them at this point.


There is nothing that looks good for them at all. That the only thing I, I'm gonna, here's one race though I'm a little bit nervous about. I, I do have to give you kind of the good and the bad. The Did I. not say this, this week, remember the Nebraska Senate race. I'm a little bit nervous about the Nebraska Senate race folks. Oh, the, just to, oh gosh, that Senate race in Texas. A little close. But Ted Cruz is doing well there. That's good. They called the Minnesota Senate race for Klobuchar. Nobody, what's that? Oh, Brian's here. Oh. yeah. I'll tell Brian to come on on. Tell Brian come on over. Hey, we got Congressman Brian Mast here. Brian is my congressman. We love Brian.


Brian. It represents the district here. Brian's a war hero. Brian took some significant indu in injuries in combat. Brian, obviously your race kind of like, didn't bode well for your opponent. It Did not. Yes. They keep, they they keep trying. Brian, it's not really working out. It's been Been a number of years since I got a concession phone call from one though. I can tell you that. Really? Yeah. So you did get a, that's A no no, I didn't I don. I don't think I've got a concession phone call for the last three years. So how are you feeling about tonight? You're the congressional representative for this district in Florida? I don't, the Florida was an absolute electoral bloodbath for Kamala Harris. I don't see that as isolated to the southern states. I think she's in real trouble.


No, look, I've been traveling with JD and the president over the last couple weeks and even beyond that and the places that I've been visiting, you know, yes, of course it's, it's a biased crowd when you go there, they go to see the president, go to see the vice president. It's a biased crowd. But when I go to some of these places and you just constantly are meeting people saying, Hey, I'm a democrat. I've never voted Republican before. I'm going this way. My union was telling me this. you know, just in Michigan, in Wisconsin, in Pennsylvania, you're hearing things from people where they're telling you this is their first time ever and it's palpable. Yeah. The Rick Scott Race and Senate. The Senate race and flow looks like a blowout. Yeah. And and remember they were saying, the Democrats were saying their targets were gonna be Ted Cruz and Rick Scott. Not a chance. That was the biggest money flushing down the toilet bowl exercise I've seen since the Lindsey Graham race in the last cycle with the Jamie Harrison, Texas, come on.


Yeah. But do you ever think they really had a shot? Not at all. But I'll tell you this, when I would visit Texas, 'cause I was visiting Texas as one of the places, being on the road, people in Texas were asking about Florida, Hey, how's Rick Scott? We hear that he's gonna have a tough race. And I was telling them the same thing that they were telling me about Ted Cruz. Well, you tell me about Ted Cruz. I hear that he might have a tough race. No, no. This is Texas. He's totally safe. I'm telling the same thing. No, no, it's Florida. Rick's gonna be just fine. The New Hampshire Governor's race, which is really the only competitive race folks. Kelly Iott is the Republican. She looks really good right now. We, we don't have the whole, but that's, that's obviously a governorship we'd like to take back. Now, Brian, you've seen the political transformation of the state of Florida.


Is this, is this gonna be your fourth, is it fifth? Fifth term. So it's gonna be your fifth term. I remember when you first ran, Florida was legitimately a swing state. If you won the presidency by a a half a point, it was like a landslide. I think Donald Trump started it. Ron DeSantis watered that seed. And now tonight, if the numbers are as bad as they look for Kamala Harrison, Florida, I gotta tell you, I think us in Ohio may be kind of out of the swing state category. Maybe, you know, not forever, but at least in the near future. And You, you use the right terminology. They watered that seed. What did they water it with? They watered it with good conservative policy that people certainly realized during Covid. But even beyond that, hey, that stuff they're doing in Florida, not closing things down, letting people be free, having, you know, no state taxes, you name it, this, this, this.


I think I'd like to have those things in my life. Why? Because I get an immediate raise if I move to Florida, let me move out of this northeast state and come down here and, and have a better lifestyle. Yeah. Yeah. I have To ask you about amendment three. My husband, And I voted different on this issue. And I. I wanted. So I, I believe the, that that it, the results are showing that people voted against, so meaning that we're not gonna have legalized weed in the state. What are your thoughts on that? Do you think that was the right move As a libertarian, a lot of people on the right are split on that issue. I chair the Congressional Cannabis Caucus. Never been a cannabis user of any kind, way, shape, or form ever in my life. But at the federal level, dealing with this, I say, look, we got 38 states that already have their own programs operating outside of the federal law, just by state's rights as an issue.


They should be able to have this descheduled from the federal level deal with this on their own, in my opinion. So that's been my stance on it. As, as a whole, you know, Florida, whether Florida's dealing with this in the right way, I think we're gonna find out a little bit some of the, yeah, I don't wanna call it scare tactics, but the things that they've been saying about, hey, they're gonna be able to, you know, light up in the light up in the, the booth next to you in the restaurant or something like that. I don't know if that's true or not true in the way that they're saying it, but from a federal standpoint, deschedule it, let states deal with it themselves. They already have many legal programs. Let them dealing it, the, the, in the banking side of it so people don't have to keep operating with cash to, you know, whether they're leasing a place or running a grow operation or something else just makes sense to get it out of the federal hands.


In my opinion, It doesn't look like abortion was the winner they thought it was gonna be No, in the state of Florida Either. They tried that in other states. Well, I think they tried that in Texas too. Not gonna be a winner. There not gonna be a winner in the state of Florida. People are pragmatic here. They're gonna, they're gonna, you know, look at the individuals, look at the individual constitutional amendments and in the end, we don't want this to be a tourist state for abortion either. So Yeah. Brian Ma, congratulations. Can five can ask you one more question? I'm So sorry. Please go ahead. We have Julie Kelly here. We were just talking about the January Sixers and their, their future is just really in, in the hands of God right now, depending on how the election goes. What needs to be done in Congress to get those tapes finally fully released and why hasn't that happened already?


The, the long and the short of why it hasn't happened. You're dealing with a a, a House of Representatives with barely, with a majority and some people that just don't care to deal with it. Many of us do. I also chair a caucus known as the congressional, the, the Justice for Warriors Caucus. We deal specifically with members of the military that are basically trying to get skirt, not trying to, but they're getting screwed by previously the Obama administration. Now the Biden administration. So for these January 6th ERs, one of the things we were dealing with is if you're a member of the military, you're getting a military retirement, you can have that taken away because of incarceration. Even if incarceration is, you haven't even been adjudicated yet. You are just locked up and you chose not to post a bail or they wouldn't give you a bail or whatever it might be.


So that's what Justice for Warriors has been dealing with that. But obviously the Senate under Schumer has absolutely zero desire to deal with this other than try to make some kind of political bludgeon out of it in the way they see fit. President Biden, his administration. They're not gonna touch it at all in any way that we see appropriate. And again, just there's a lot of Republicans that unfortunately don't want to deal with it. I'm for dealing with it. I think we owe them that, but there's too many that aren't. Brian, We're talking to Brian, mass folks, Congressman from the state of Florida. He's my congressman one. I know I said we'd let you get one last question I have for you. Predictions, whatever. They're like, you know, assholes, everybody's got when I get it. But I think we're, you know, a good party and it's nine 11 Eastern time. Are we gonna hold the house? Are we gonna add to the house or are we gonna hold the house and lose a few seats There?


I absolutely think there are some seats that we may lose. I haven't been able to see any of the numbers yet or how things have been turning out. I just came from my own, you know, talking to press, answering questions. But I know we had some tough races there, but I know there's some seats they thought we'd pick up in Michigan, despite the fact that we might lose one or two in New York. So I think you might see some flipping. I do think we hold the majority. I don't think you're looking at majority of 20. I think, you know, maybe we could see a majority of, you know, five where we're at right now, up to 10. But I don't think it's much more than that myself. Yeah. And on the house, as you well know, you work there, you need that leeway. People get sick, you know, you get, you just need, you need a bit of a buffer over There. They get sick. But yeah, you know, it becomes a place like the Senate where every representative is this own their own island, where they get to make all of these demands.


And if you don't give me this pet, whatever it is, I'm not gonna get on board for this thing that the country really needs. And I it. You see it time and time again. Of course in the Senate Because, they just got this very, very slim minority majority that goes back and forth. But now you see that in the house too, where you can't get anything through without getting that one guy. And you have to give that guy, you know, absolutely everything, the kitchen sink in order to get him on something. That should just be common sense. But Yeah, it happens. Congressman Brian, mass. Dan, Thanks Buddy. Thanks for your time brother. Always good to see the congressman folks. Listen to he, he's been here a while. I remember when he, when he first ran here. You guys be careful. There's a lot of wires over there. We got, we're sitting here broadcasting live from Oak and Ember in the greatest city on earth.


That's actually kind of a small city, but Stewart, Florida, And, I. Hope you all having a good time. I, I wanna get folks speak to truth Mcy who just sent it out. 500 More. More. Let's get to 500. We gotta get to 500. We need to get to 500 tonight. We're gonna bring back. You got some notes for me? Yeah, we're gonna bring back Julia. Mike too. Alright, some updates. You guys ready? Bring it Kids north. Jim. Gosh, you write like a doctor. North Carolina, a largely a majority. Black county, Hans County, 90% counted. Trump leads hasn't won. I haven't won the county since 1972.


Trump is gonna take Texas on 49% reporting. He's up 53 to 46. We love the state of Texas. I had no doubt that Texas was gonna come through in the clutch. Zero doubt. We love you too. What's that? Yeah. Julie and Mike bring Julie and Mike back. I wanna do some more deep state talk folks. Quick break. Just a couple more. We got sponsors. They've been very good to us, so I really appreciate your


time. Hey, there's a lot at stake in the upcoming election, but regardless of who's sitting in the White House, the F on the economy's already been lit. Four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it's like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. You don't have a lot of control over the outcome, but you can help protect your savings by diversifying now into gold. From birch gold, from millennia, Gold's often stood firm in the face of greedy governments, economic upheavals and global strife. And it can help protect you. Now Birch Gold, my gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And it doesn't cost a penny out of pocket. Past four years, inflation's seen increase of as much as 19% price of gold has increased. 40% coincidence. Text Dan to 9 8, 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and trust Birch Gold like I do to protect your savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply paid for by Birch Gold.


And we welcome one of our new sponsors, Bernard, of the show. Hey, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer to every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. So what if there were a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequence of deadly force burn up? They have a non-lethal pistol launcher could with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. Sometimes you just need protection to ensure you can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I've trained with firearms for many years. Let me tell you, the pistol burner sent me was one of the easiest to learn and to use. If you don't own a firearm, it's a great option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and ship right to your door. Visit burner.com/dan now for exclusive 10% discount for my listeners. That's B yna.com/dan. You won't regret it.


Thank you Julie and Mike Mike's got the hat turned around. I hope that's a good sign. Mike, you first. How are you feeling? Give us an update. Where are you leaning? Is this gonna be a good night or a bad night? The good numbers. I'll say that I'm, you know, if, if you had asked six months ago, would you like to be up 1 95 to one 13 at, you know, a little after 9:00 PM on Election Night and all the different trends that you've been identifying, I would say things are looking very good. The part that I'm concerned about are what plays out over the next few hours here. And especially because they've already primed us to believe that the main key swing states are going to remain undecided, potentially Running on us.


This this blue, this blue Mirage Redshift. Is that an op they were running on us, right? Because ordinarily, you know, we've had, we've never had an election before last, last time that results were not known on Election Night, even the contested 2000 election just called Ohio for Trump. Nice. Ohio. Yes. We love you Ohio. I'm sorry Mike, go ahead. Nice 1 95 to one 13 Ohio in the Trump column. We are loving us some Ohio right now. Go ahead. No, it's amazing. The main concern is what, what is going to be happening in the next few hours in deep blue cities where you have, you have these deep blue Soros das who are going to potentially be able to safeguard what happens in the dark in those districts where there are just not a lot of Republicans to be able to call them to account or to be able to challenge the legal system.


What happens in Michigan and Wisconsin when you have places like Detroit, when you have places like Philadelphia and Pennsylvania and you know, I think we're all waiting for that to be, you know, have a little bit more visibility on that before being able to have the kind of confidence that I think everybody wants to feel and is quite palpable because of the momentum we currently have. Julie, There's gonna be massive media pressure if this gets uglier. 'cause this is really bad right now for her. He's already at 1 95, 1 13. It's only nine 18 Eastern time. Massive pressure on the media to not call this thing. Mike knows it. you know it. They wanna drag this thing out so they can dig stuff up. They can start filing lawsuits. You're gonna have Mark Elias, who you know well for all the wrong reasons, is gonna be suing everyone and their mother and their dog.


There's gonna be big time pressure to not call this thing There is. And then that's why I think Google was suppressing anyone calling the race. They weren't gonna promote any posts about that. But I think this has been part of the orchestrated campaign against Elon Musk is that he's not going to prevent Donald Trump from saying that he won, or other commentators or independent news outlets from claiming that Donald Trump won. So the outrage from the media will be partially their loss of control. Because, they controlled it. Of course they controlled Twitter in 2020. The game has totally changed. And so these numbers look really good.


you know, I, I know we talked about, I think we mentioned this, Baldwin County, Georgia flipped to Donald Trump, a 41 crazy percent black county for the first time went Republican in 2004. That is the best possible news. And also the exit polling And I know, again, we talked about that, but independence in Georgia and Pennsylvania broke five to 6% for Donald Trump. They were tied right now in North Carolina, 49 49 independence. So none of this data looks good for her. And of course, obviously the black vote, the Hispanic vote and the gender gap that does it. They were banking on a 20 point gender gap, at least women to men. It does not look like that's materializing anywhere.


So how can you look then ahead to Pennsylvania and Michigan and Wisconsin and feel like what we're already seeing early on, what we saw in the late polls will not replicate itself in those states as well. Did you think that this is actually the year of the man? Because we've been told so many times, right, that women are gonna dry the vote out for Kamala. She's gonna, you know, bring everybody in because This isn abortion issue, we just saw that Amendment four went for the pro-lifers and here in Florida. So do you think it's possible that actually the male turnout is gonna be the real decider of this election instead of it being women like the media prime does for this whole election cycle? It could be, but I'll tell you what, Avita, I thought that really weird commercial that was with the voiceover by Julia Roberts, where she's like, oh, I Hated that.


She's telling you Republican women that are husbands are abusive or something. It was so weird Intimidate, but it also signaled something, right? They're not gonna produce a commercial like that and have Julia Roberts, if they didn't really have some suspicion or some fear that the gender gap was not going to materialize, why? Why would they, why would they produce a commercial like that with a heavy hitter like Julia Roberts if they were really confident that women, especially white women, were gonna come out in these huge numbers, double digit gap. So to me that was a little bit of a tell. And then when you saw in the polls, the LA Week on polls, the New York Times Seattle poll, and some others, especially in Pennsylvania, the women to men gender gap was six points in Pennsylvania.


I mean, it just was not really happening. And so that's why I think that commercial, they came out with that. And now we're sort of seeing this manifest itself in the results. Mike, I want to ask you about Elon and the game changing moment, him buying X, but folks, quick update. Again, NBC exit poll, take it with a grain of salt. But I'm telling you, when you see trends like this, come on, you guys know politics, we thi this is looking like a really genuinely shit night for Karis. There's not one single data point coming in. No, in her favor. N-B-C-N-B-C. So we're talking about like straight up communists here. They had an exit poll Trump the black vote in Wisconsin.


Now Wisconsin, we've only got about 40% of the vote in it. Looks good. Not great, but good for Trump. Black vote in Wisconsin for Trump apparently got 20% on the exit polls. Which folks, if that, that number is absolutely game changing. And here's another one in Michigan kind of making our way around the United States in the swing states. Oh yes, New Hampshire, governor Republicans win again. Yes, yes. Man, lemme tell you something, if we just, they're calling a New Hampshire, a New Hampshire governorship race. Now, can you imagine if Trump even pulls even remotely close to New Hampshire folks, this trend line is really, really bad for Kam Harris.


Wait, the Michigan thing, I don't wanna miss out on this. Trump winning 18 to 29 year olds in Michigan by 5%. Again, Julie And I have said it over and over. Exit polls, take 'em, go like this, eh, throw 'em in the garbage. However, trend lines are real. There's not a single data point that's come in that's in this woman's favor. Mike, you are the man on the deep state. He's at Mike Ben Cyber on X massive following. I've known about you forever. You did that Tucker interview. Most viral thing I've seen in a long time. Elon was the game changer for free speech. Wasn't he a guy with the assets to finally take on this big state, deep state monolith?


Absolutely. He was, you know, the difference between Elon and Zuckerberg is really interesting. It's not just the difference between a double digit billionaire in Zuckerberg and a triple digit billionaire in Musk. But Zuckerberg had those misgivings about censorship while he was running Facebook. He, you know, said in 2019 that he thought censorship had gone too far on Facebook. But then an operation called change, the terms was run. Facebook lost $60 billion in market cap in just six weeks. And so Zuckerberg caved and gave the advertisers everything they wanted. When Elon Musk, that same fastball came at him, he gave double barrel middle fingers and said GFY. And that's, so I think Zuckerberg feels those, those sort of libertarian free speech principles, but is not willing to sacrifice the financial and business enterprise that he's developed.


Whereas Elon Musk, when he, when he was asked during that, that pivotal interview with the, with the advertisers, well what will you do if, if X goes bankrupt? What if they actually killed the company? And he says, let them kill the company. The world will watch. And he basically set himself up on practically on, on the cross allegorically to say, listen, you can, you can come at me. I may go to jail for this. I may lose my, you know, I may lose Tesla and SpaceX and, but I believe in human civilization. I believe in human freedom. And His life purpose is essentially to fight for that at this point. And it was the game changer. It did give bold motivation to Mark Zuckerberg.


I think it gave motivation to Jeff Bezos who just pulled back, you know, over the Washington Post editorial and is vow is now vowed to hire conservative writers. I'm not sure that Tim Cook from Apple would've made that call to Donald Trump unless he felt like the tech community coming from Elon Musk and David Sachs and Tramo and the whole Silicon Valley network. All it takes is one brave person with means to stand up for other people who also have means to say, you know what, if I do this, I'm not gonna be alone. I'm going to have this guy who happens to also be the wealthiest person in the world who happens to also have six different multi-billion dollar companies that he is running. So I will at least have a network. And from there the hub has been built. It is emboldened Congress.


There are so many members of Congress who I interact with frequently who talk about how, you know, Elon will be able to amplify things. Excuse me, Texas Senate race just called Ted Cruz going back to the United States. Yes, yes. And the margins. This is the Tom Hanks moment from Castaway Look at what we have created Ted Cruz back to the Senate. Sorry Mike, but that's a big one. And by six points too. It wasn't close. It wasn't even close. And another the Democrats take your money, flush it down the Texas toilet bowl because you lost it. Texans were never gonna put a communist in the US Senate.


No dice on that one. Sorry. Avita, you're up. No, I mike it. I need some water. No, no, you're good Mike. It feels like what you're saying is even if we have some really great results tonight, it's not time to relax, right? That things are still gonna be right, potentially hot. If you're in a blue city, how would you suggest people prepare? Say you're in Chicago. Say you're in New York City. Say you're in Washington dc What should people be prepared for? How, how bad could things get? Well, people are in blue cities. I mean, the number one thing is to stay alive and stay useful and stay, stay effective. And so in a deep blue city, there are going to be Soros das who will prosecute you for looking at people sideways.


The fact is, is this was different than in 2020 when there was no exhaust pipe to be able to do political activism. Every time you click the retweet button, you are a journalist publishing an important story. Everything you can do to amplify while staying safe is probably the best thing you can do if you happen to be nestled in Chicago or New York City or the District of Columbia. But you know, to your point about the fight not being over, even with the wind tonight, I'm gonna read something that just came in from the Council on Foreign Relations an hour ago. Now, just as you know, as setting for this, the Council on Foreign Relations is one of the most powerful think tanks in all of Washington, is this very deep history. If anyone's read Carol Quigley's Tragedy and Hope, it was sort of one of the first blob apparatuses for consensus building between the intelligence community, the state department, and the defense sector, as well as the banks and the corporations.


And so just an hour ago they tweeted, even if Trump wins the count in the electoral college, he is still likely to lose the popular vote. And so the more fundamental charge lobbed against him will be that he does not represent the general will of the people. This is re this is the sort of democracy revolution talk that we do when the State Department loses an election in a foreign country and then street protests roll out and they say, actually the mob is really represents the people. And so if Trump wins the electoral college, but there still fails the the popular vote, you are going to see a stream of headlines similar to what you saw two months ago. Arguing The Constitution is invalid, the constitution is a threat to democracy.


We need to switch to a popular vote to represent the people. You could even see that argued on January 6th, 2025 as a means to hold up certification of the election. Alright, you ready for some good news? Who's feeling the love? Oh, it has two thumbs and This isn feeling of this motherfucker right here. I'm feeling good, right? Seth Kessel, who's a guy we've been following on Twitter a lot. Very good political analyst. He's calling North Carolina for Trump. I say I'm in with that guy. I said, I'm in with that guy. North Carolina's gone and and Florida's already gone. Ohio's gone. We kind of knew those, but if back it off. Who, who? Eric.


Ah, Eric Dougherty, who we've been following a lot from Florida Voice News. He's amazing. He's backing up that call folks. Is it two 70 called? It's gone And two folks, north Carolina's gone. It's gone. North Carolina's gone for Kamala Harris, not for us. This is amazing news because it is on now the East coast and they can't mess with us. Here's another one, Georgia. 71% of the vote is in Trump. 53 Kamala Harris. 46 guys. Well, this is not looking good for the Harris campaign. I, I can't say it enough. I mean this, when you see a trend like this, something magic is happening.


I'm hoping at this point we may be able to make it tonight an earlier call than I was even hoping. I mean, I'm staying around with you for a bit. Don't go anywhere. What do we got? Four? Is that I'm, I'm going blind. 468,000 people watching. Get us the 500 More, more, more, More. Kylo Freaking Ranta more. I want five. How? Gio, you got Anita right here, folks? Yes. Bring it, bring it 500,000 people. I want it. I will nev nothing's ever good enough. And then we want six after that. Julie. So the censorship regime, it's been powerful.


Mike, you're you're big on this too. They have really, listen, I hate, I begrudgingly have to admit they were very smart and savvy the way they did it. Pre Rumble, pre Elon, Twitter. I mean, they pretty much owned you. And we were seeing a lot of self-censorship, especially during Covid. I didn't do that shit. I got kicked off YouTube. I told people masks were bullshit. They sent me some horse shit message. Say it again. We're gonna kick you off. So I said it the next day twice, and they kicked me out. But they, what they did really worked. If, if Donald Trump were to win tonight and things were looking amazing, please God, I'm not using his name in vain. Yeah. Do you think it changes things for the better or you think they double down and go absolutely nuclear I don't know.


I mean, I, I would defer to Mike on that. So what he's talking about is some of the big tech moguls then now sort of falling in line. So you saw Mark Zuckerberg say very complimentary things about Donald Trump after the assassination attempt and the reporting that some of these big tech titans are, are, have been reaching out to Donald Trump. Will they take a lesson to see how not just successful Elon Musk is, but influential, right? I mean, he is an icon now. He is a, the, he's the legend for free speech in America. So will they start, you know, dragging and kicking, coming along with that? I think that some of them are probably reevaluating it to your point. Well, Mike, what, what do you make of Julie's point that they're reaching out?


We do know Zuckerberg reached out. Is this all I? Don't trust Zuckerberg as far as I can throw him. Is it a big head fake? Well, Zuckerberg is risk averse and he did not develop bravery until around October, 2023 when he started to actually fire. This was actually not widely reported, but the censorship industry, top heavyweights we're all talking about this about a year ago. Zuckerberg was quietly following in Elon's footsteps and re monetizing people on the partnership program there about a year ago. And then it finally came to Jim Jordan, you know, that letter where he effectively said it was the Biden administration's fault that we censor this and we won't comply again. The the platforms want the freedom to operate in the free market. They don't want this government coercion te forcing them to censor or to not sell products like Amazon was effectively forced to not sell COVID-19, you know, heterodox books or children's books by the, by the Biden administration, Because.


they need the Biden State Department to fight for them against foreign governments. Because. they need government grants and contracts. So they are all afraid, even though they are left wing, they have, I think, become wedged against this particular government because even if they are ideologically aligned on certain things, they have not actually been rewarded as friends for the service they did in censorship. And it's not just Zuckerberg and, and Elon, Jeff Bezos, Sundar Phai from Google. The only holdout in big tech right now who has not reached out to, to Donald Trump is, is actually Microsoft. Which is very interesting because Microsoft, you know, Microsoft has chat. GBT Microsoft is the largest company by market cap in the entire world.


And Microsoft Act has the largest multinational corporation partnerships with the Chinese Communist Party in China. And they actually appear to have an exemption from China's national security law. So the, the, the company that's most heavily invested with China happens to be the only one who has not made a co has not cozied up or at least had established diplomatic relations with a potential incoming Trump administration. I'll let folks connect the dots about, you know, why that may be for example. But essentially Microsoft's PO has so much po economic interest in a foreign policy alignment that ties NATO to China. Whereas Trump's foreign policy is, is the opposite of that.


And so I think that's the reason Microsoft is an outlier and they are very powerful. They work hand in glove with the intelligence services. They're highly active in the National endowment for democracies, disinformation programs all around the world. That same program has been lobbying the EU for this digital services act, which is the thing that is most likely to be to, to crush the Elon Musk empire if Harris happens to win tonight, because that is their big crowbar. American censorship professionals have been saying for a year and a half, for five years actually. But a year and a half they've been screaming it that no matter how bad things get with our losses, no matter how many of our censorship programs get set, get shut down, we will be able to, to use this new, these international censorship laws as a cudgel to force censorship at home.


And so that I think is the ace of their sleep. But if they lose the State Department Because, they lose the executive branch. The best laid plans of, of sensors and demons, frankly Yeah. Will go awry. So let's pray. 476,000 folks, I wanna celebrate with 500,000. Oh, I love you. 476 2. I think it's gonna be a really good night. Spread the word. Let's get the 500,000 people. I'm feeling a lot of momentum. Avita, you're up. I wanna ask you about the, the protections that we need for social media companies because the press obviously has constitutional protections. That's kind of why they're able to say whatever they want. I mean, they still do what the government wants, but I mean, we are allowed to say what we want.


And social media companies at their hand are really reliant on the government for protections here and even abroad. Do we need a constitutional amendment? How can we stop this in the future? Stop the, the, the, The, the stop the government from behaving, being able to bully social media companies into censoring content that it dislikes With control over the executive branch. It would be surprisingly easy not to take the whole thing out, but to devastate it and effectively a single blow, all you would need is an incoming day. One executive order that prohibits government grants and contracts to going to any private co company or, or nonprofit entity that engages in domestic disinformation, essentially establishes it does what the Supreme Court should have done.


And instead that the funding of censorship by the government is censorship by the government. That EO will allow you to go agency by agency, department of Defense, department of state, U-S-A-D-H-S, national Science Foundation, H-H-S-C-D-C-F-D-A, go through all of them and kill all of those grants and contracts that comprise the censorship industry. There are hundreds of thousands of people now around the world and tens of thousands of people here in the US whose full-time, their paychecks, their livelihoods, their mortgages are effectively paid for by doing full-time, 24 7 censorship work. These are people, this field did not exist eight years ago. It was created after the 2016 election as a response to Trump winning to stop a night like tonight where he might win again.


Yeah, but they don't work for free. It's not a charity business doing censorship. If there's no money, there's no mercenaries. So there's no censorship army anymore. So that's why it's so important. We take the White House tonight folks, A little bit of bad news. New Hampshire. We weren't really expected to win, but I was expecting to play a little more competitive in New Hampshire. Apparently the new New Hampshire was called for Kamala Harris with 40% of the vote in. So the trend lines there were not great. However, the governor's race worked out well. And a Maryland Senate race, which was gonna be a huge reach. Larry Hogan, he's kind of a rhino, but you know, whatever looks like that race is over. Angela also, Brooks, that was a race that was, that wasn't even second tier.


It was third tier. And then producer Jim, who is sitting around, running around, ties off. He's got the black shirt underneath the white collar tie. He's getting ready to roll here. He's gonna be in flip flops next New York Times of all places. Again, we're talking about Commies has flipped Wisconsin now to the Trump column. So we'll see what happens. There it is. The New York Times. So we'll see. They have Trump up 0.4 in, in Michigan and Trump up in Pa Trump's odds. Now in poly market where people are betting their own money is near 80%. That is what I want to hear about you people putting their own money, money on the line.


So again, the trend lines for Kamala Harris are not good. Julie, I would be remiss, my audience is obsessed with this story. Like I am of Kamala Harris at the DNC on January 6th. You have been doing immense immensely. Good work on this. Just amazing investigative work. Kamala Harris is at the DNC on January 6th. She never wants to talk about it. Nobody mentions it. I've always said that the original plan was to put her there, plant this fake bomb, create this big, Hey, stop this. Challenging the vote. There's gonna be an attack on Kamala Harris routine, but she's never really admitted why she was there. But you caught something from Simone, was it Sanders?


Yes. Where she actually slipped and minute she was there with her. Right. Have there been any updates on that? And if Trump gets elected, I know you're gonna be pushing for that. Yes, absolutely. So Simone Sanders, who was her communications director, I think at the time, so January 6th, 2021, she's a sitting US senator from California, incoming vice president Simone Sanders slipped on CNNA week or so ago and said that she was with Kamala Harris at the DNC and how terrified she was. And you know how traumatized she still is. But that's the only mention from Team Kamala Harris about her whereabouts and her presence at the DNC. Now think about this, Dan. She's doing campaign appearances with Liz Cheney in swing states.


No one asks either one of them about the DNC. Now, of course, the January 6th select committee never investigated the pipe bomb threat. They mentioned the pipe bomb five times, only five times in an 837 page report. Never investigated it. Benny Thompson told Representative Tom Massey, no, we never investigated it. I, I don't know what you're talking about. She has never faced any questions about it. Which leads to, of course, believing this coverup or that this was part of this setup to initiate what we saw that day. So again, if Donald Trump wins, this is a big part of a larger investigation that has to take place into the events of January 6th, why she was there.


And of course into the January 6th select committee, which has destroyed evidence and now evidence of collusion between Liz Cheney and Cassidy Hutchinson creating, fabricating the testimony that we saw from her in June of 2022. So this is a much bigger scandal. And you know, another great thing about it, Kamala Harris lost to me, not just the j Sixers getting some sort of pardon and, and some sort of exon exoneration is the January 6th narrative completely failed. Think of all the time and energy and money that they put into the insurrection thinking that this is going to destroy Donald Trump and the entire MAGA movement.


I mean, this was all that they focused on for four years and if he wins, it will be the biggest humiliation for this concocted hoax narrative that they really thought was gonna end the movement in Donald Trump. Julie, I can tell people are really fascinated by the story because we started talking about it, we went to 487,000 and still going up. Time out. One second. I just wanna bring up something folks. Donald Trump, we did an interview with him on the podcast. I know many of you saw it, but he was kind enough to sign this baseball. That is his signature right there. It's his smudge on it too. It's probably like his fingerprint or something like that. It is a Dan Bonino baseball.


We are auctioning this off. The proceeds go to charity. They do not go to Dan Bonino. If you would like to bid, it is, thank you. Gee bonino.com/auction. What's the bidding up to? Does anybody know? Hold on. What is it up The bidding is up to $23,000 for this ball. So if someone has 23,000 and like $1 or something, Three, Oh my gosh, 23,000. It goes to Samaritan's Purse. So bonino.com/auction. Listen, it's a one of a kind. If you go to the site, you'll see the video of Donald Trump actually signing the ball.


It was an amazing moment. All for a good cause for charity. I'll let you guys get a drink. We're gonna bring you back in a little bit. Bring back Savannah and Adam and keep your eye on some trends and stuff you're seeing too because I, I see you, you Julie's like in her phone, like knee deep. And Mike, if any deep state people call you for whistleblowers, let us know during the break. Alright, thanks man. Folks bonino.com/auction. And one quick favor while you're all here. 492, we are almost there. We are almost there. Just a little more push while you were here. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Please click that follow button. It is free.


We would love to have you, you can sign up for Rumble Premium if you'd like. You won't get the Rumble Midroll ads. But I deeply appreciate you being here. Download the Rumble app. This is the home of Free Speech Avita. It's been an amazing night. You have a show at our Bonino Report account early edition with Avita. Are you feeling a little better now? You were a little kind of hesitant at beginning of the night to get excited about the race. I'm, I'm feeling a lot better and I'm also feeling good 'cause Wisconsin is leading red. So says some of the polls. So we're happy about that. Yeah, the Wisco Aveta knows Wisconsin well, you probably know her dad, Sean Duffy's a great congressman commentator on Fox right now and to all the groin crew here.


We love you guys. We got Anita. We gotta speak the truth. We gotta, we would've loved to have more people. Folks we think filled up so quick. We're at OK Ember in downtown Stewart. Again, the trend lines are really, really bad right now. Hey, what's that? What's Pennsylvania Senate say? Well, yeah, Pennsylvania Senate right now. McCormick's behind a little bit. Any updates for us from Eric and the, and the inside crew over there? Nothing. Nothing. Right now I'm looking, well here's, there's some really strange numbers. Looks like he's struggling a little bit in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. I'm having, I'm not seeing a lot of definitive stuff on Pennsylvania with everything that I've been looking through I to Mike.


You see some interesting numbers though, as far as the popular vote going for Trump, possibly in Queens, New York. Donald Trump has 37% of the vote. Wow. And 26% in the Bronx. That is it's folks that, that, that is a bananas. Number of queens I'm not so shocked about. But the Bronx is a really, really hardcore Democrat area. Portions of that district, of course, are represented by a OC. So the fact that Trump is even playing there a little bit is just stunning at this point. Also, it seems, it's still too early to call, but Bernie Moreno is leading in his race for senate In Ohio. So it looks like they've called the race for Senate, obviously a long time ago in West Virginia.


That puts us at 50. So if we win the presidency tonight, we'd obviously the vice president being the president of the Senate and the tie breaking vote, if Donald Trump were to win, we would've effectively have taken back the Senate. We've still got the Sheehy race in Montana. That race looks spectacular. Jim's telling us Bernie Moreno is still running very competitive in Ohio. If we could pull those two than we'd be at 52, I'd, I'd rather get to 54. Obviously I'm a little concerned about McCormick Though. I've got some more interesting news on that front too. In Waukesha County, Wisconsin, 77% of the vote is in, and Donald Trump and Eric h have slipped below 60%.


But they're right about 58.8% and 59 for HV D. So both of them are leading with 77% of the vote in by about 20 points in Waukesha County. DaVita, what's your Waukesha analysis? Yeah, well I mean Waukesha is important. Waukesha is, is honestly, I'm not surprised by that. That was where you had that Christmas, that Christmas parade fiasco where, where a, a man drove through because a soft on crime DA installed by Soros allowed this guy out on the street. So I'm not surprised the people in Waukesha are saying no to all of this. These soft on crime policies that we're seeing represented by Democrats. I don't know if that's going to be reflective of the rest of the, of, of the, of the state, though.


We have to follow Milwaukee. We have to follow Dane County, which is Madison representative with a lot of young college students who aren't even from the state, but they vote really left wing. Yeah, yeah. Unfortunately they do. I mean it's one of those, it's, you know, it's like this is why you have to be careful when you see these folks with the election analysis on election nights like tonight. You've gotta be careful when the vote, when you're at say 60, 70% of the vote in it's more important where the vote's actually coming from. Like, look, here's a perfect example. This is a huge update. Virginia president right now, Virginia for president. Oh my gosh. Look at the Senate race. Even that's competitive. Sorry, I get distracted. Easy. Which is probably not a good feature to have when you're doing live broadcasting Virginia for President.


Donald Trump is up one point. But this is critical. You understand this. If it's the southern part of Virginia, we're talking about rather than the northern part where you have a large grouping of government workers, you could get a big data dump of votes that comes in from Northern Virginia that could switch this thing by five points. But the shocker to me is the Virginia Senate race right now, hung cow. Tim Kane is within one point. Here we go. Wisconsin is, man that is just tight right now. 49. 49 in Wisconsin. And Robert Kennedy tried to get off the ballot, but 0.0, 0.5% of vote. Those are just wasted votes.


Actually. That that, that is, that I think is that I. think he said Madison was 26. I I think that's what it was. Which would be a huge deal if he got at least 25% of the vote in Dane County. That would be great for Trump. Yeah, Wisconsin's gonna be huge for us. But really folks, we could, we could, I don't wanna say it I, don't wanna say we could call it, but we could have a really early night if the Pennsylvania numbers turn out, like I think they're gonna turn out the early voting was really bad. Georgia looks amazing for us. Michigan still too close to call 52, 45. They've only got 14% of the vote in. So don't get too excited about it until we get about 50% in North Carolina.


We, Eric Ry made a call on that. you said Jim. Yes. And Seth Kesher. And Seth. So we're gonna put North Carolina in the Trump column. Like I said, Ohio out Pennsylvania is still tight. 34% of the vote in 51, 47, Kamala Donald Trump. But all that matters is where the votes are coming from. Folks again, don't get, don't get too crazy about the numbers. We gotta see where they're coming from. Gee, grab me, Adam and Savannah wanna get their thoughts on, on what's going on in the updates throughout the night. So we're gonna keep our eyes on this throughout the night. 495,000 man, if We can break 500 almost there, it'll be like, I'm telling you man, I ready to do like more, more Kylo red.


We just need a few more. Looks like Colorado is gonna obviously go, they called that Colorado's gonna go for Kamala Harris. That was gonna be a big stretch state kind of up there with New Mexico. Not a big shocker there, but I'm watching a number of pivotal house races there as well in Colorado. Lauren Bobert and others. It's not, obviously you've got all the house seats on the ballot update. If you missed it before Connecticut went for Kamala Harris. No big surprise there. So right now, what's the tally? 1 95 to one 17 Donald Trump. 1 95 Harris one 17. The trend lines are really good folks.


Really, really, really good. So can I add one Thing here? So I've been looking at these numbers all night and the one thing that's been clear throughout the entire country in all of these races, she is not performing anywhere near what Biden performed in 2020. She's way underperforming him. So even though they're calling these races like they called Virginia for, they called Virginia already for Harris. The margins are so, so close. Did they call Virginia? They Called Virginia. I didn't see that. I mean that. Okay, but that's probably because And They called North Carolina for Trump. Oh they did? Yes. Okay, good. Well that those were, the Florida race is just Florida.


95% of the vote in in Florida. Folks, this is such a trouncing in my home state of Florida, 56 to 42 I Rick Scott won, won by almost the same amount. 55.7 to 42 that the state of Florida, I think We can officially pull out of the swing state category. Georgia update 79% of the vote in, in Georgia, Donald Trump, 52, Kamala Harris, 47. That looks terrific. Illinois called for Kamala Harris, no big shocker there. 56, 42. I'm actually surprised that wasn't worse. And again, Wisconsin, 30% of the vote in 50 to 47 depends where the vote is coming from.


Indiana called for Trump, no surprise there. So now we're just waiting folks from the rest of the night as this stuff comes in. Indiana governor called for Mike Braun. No big surprise there. The Republican 55 40, pretty much a route in that case. I don't think anyone expected Indiana to go to Kamala Harris. Folks, that was an obvious one. Indiana Senate, Jim Banks is gonna be your new senator there. So that's great. And Iowa, 21% of the vote in, remember that seltzer poll, Kamala 52 46, right? Yeah. I mean it is 20 something percent of the vote. We don't know who it is, but folks that You see exit poll that Trump is making double digit gain gains with Latino voters.


Double from NBC. From NBC. Remember folks, she is running out of runway at this point. There has gotta be some, they played the identity politics game. They partition people up into voting blocks. Young voters, black voters, Hispanic voters. They needed to hit certain numbers and they're not hitting them anywhere at this point. So it's really, the trend lines are really, really positive for Donald Trump. I don't want to get too excited about anything, however in advance because you know, that's how you kind of get disappointed. Louisiana trump up huge at this point. 66 to 32 and still stuck at 1 95, 1 17.


Yes please. There's all these black pillars. They're a little less of 'em tonight, but they were all weak saying even if Trump wins, his administration's gonna be terrible. The personnel is gonna be bad. It's gonna be run by all the same deep staters that always run our government. What would be your response to the black pillars who are negative? Even if Trump does really well tonight? I don't buy it. you know, when I spoke to Donald Trump Privately and it's not often, I don't like name dropping 'cause that's all bullshit and you sound like a moron. We're almost there by the way, 4 98, which is really awesome. He made it crystal clear to me multiple times that he trusted people who had experience with government the first time.


Because the, you know, the best part about the Trump campaign originally, which you all know, is that he was an outsider. But there is a downside to being an outsider. And it's that you are an outsider. You don't know much about government. So he has told me repeatedly and other people, I'm not the only one. He may have even said it in the interview when he was on the radio show, that he took advice from people inside the government and they led him astray. Yeah, he doesn't need that advice anymore. He knows who the turkeys are. And I agree with you. We, a personnel problem is absolutely gonna sink us. But I don't think he's gonna make that mistake. I'm a matter of fact, I'm po what? 490. Look at that counter on the screen. Let's do it. I feel like New Year's Eve, but I don't think he's gonna make that mistake again.


I've heard it from him. I think a second Trump term is gonna be a huge asset because he already understands where all the bodies are buried. He understands the process. And, I don't think it's gonna I. Don't think he's gonna make that same mistake again. I'm almost positive. Well, that's not true. And, I. I think we should, we should tweet out. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tweet it out right now because the black pillars are, are, are very annoying. Here is the one thing I am worried though. Almost there folks. Come on. 4 99, we are almost to 500,000, which will melt the freaking internet. Well I never thought we'd get to 500,000 even key. Who is like the most negative? Nancy's like no way down, no way.


500 If We can break 500,000. Oh no man. Come on, go the other way. Okay, go the other way. It's up man. I'm gonna to log on myself. Here's the one thing I am worried about with the personnel issue. Here's the o here's what's that 200 for what? Hey, how's the auction looking? by the way, panino.com/auction for the Trump sign Baseball. Here's the one thing I'm worried about with the personnel. We had Brian mast on before the congressman. No way. No we didn't. There goes, there goes Folks.


I told you, Kyle G, the restaurant owner I said Kyle, if we hit 500,000, bring the special tequila over. He was kind enough to do it. He remembered. I can't say 500,000. I say this is for you, but this is really for me. Kyle, make sure you, you make sure how kind of poor is that? You get it Extra heavy. There we go. There we go. Alright, well that you go. You gotta do it with me. All right. Alright, deal. All right, we're gonna cheers. No folks, this is real. This is not a electrolyte order, I promise you to. Kyle g Buddy, 500,000 congratulations to the listening audience.


Damn, that was good. Thank you brother. Thank you man. Bye man. Thank you at home for getting it. This is gonna be a much better show from this point out. I promise you, after me up guzzling a double shot of tequila. I feel really bad by the way, because Justin's here and his parents are here and I'm setting a terrible example. I love Justin's parents. I met them at church. I met them first. Justin, do not drink. It is very bad for your liver. I tell him that all the time. Justin's wonderful parents are right over there. They're always volunteering at the church. And, I. Feel like Father Marty's watching right now. And he is like, you can't be drinking tequila.


And, I going, I'm sorry, I will go to confession on Monday. You look, what do we got here for us? Seth Kessel, Georgia Trump called. Whoa. Alright folks. So Seth Kessel, who is a really great analyst, we've been following on Twitter. He is calling this thing for Donald Trump. Hey, oh I, I've zoned in. I'm like, why is my head cut off on the screen? 'cause I zoomed in 500, 3000. You guys, folks, Georgia, North Carolina, Trump column, Florida obviously Trump column, Ohio, Trump column. Now right now, if, if we were to get an early call, if we were to get an early call, would have to come from Pennsylvania at this point.


If I'm telling you now, if he wins Pennsylvania and with Georgia effectively outta the Harris column in North Carolina, done at this point, there is simply no math going forward. So right now, it's not all about Pennsylvania. We have multiple paths. We have Michigan. We are running super competitive in Wisconsin. Wow. Look at this.


The Calci betting markets, thank you, Calci sponsored the show. It is. You can bet on the outcome in the presidential election. Justin just put up on the screen the Calci betting markets where people are putting their own cheese, their own cheddar on the line. Now have Donald Trump at 81 to 19%, 81 for Donald Trump. I. think I just burped on the air after that. But that's okay. It's not like the Howard Stern Show, but after that shot, a double shot in 1942, I think I'm feeling a whole lot better. Yeah, that was a good one, right Kyle, you didn't forget brother. Hey, make sure if you're ever in Stuart, you hook up my boy Kyle G go to Kyle G's restaurant. Go to OK and Ember. It's a great crowd. Hey, can we get a little view of the crowd? 'cause these guys are really awesome. I wanna make sure you see, Oh, you like, did you hook up that 1942? I got you. That's my guy, Steve. We drank after I got, after I got done with all my medical treatment, Steve And I drank a whole bottle in 1942 in Claretta that time. Remember that celebrated. I'm sorry it happened. I would love to tell you otherwise, but it really did happen. Alright. 500, 5,000. I never thought it'd still be going up, but it's still going up. So polls will soon be closing in Nevada. Nevada. So Nevada was looking very good in the early voting. However, I never get too excited about Nevada. And we had, who is it? Robert Kaha on Yes. From Trafalgar. Kaha was a little bit more kind of like, Hey, be careful with Nevada. They've got a really like hardcore Democrat turnout machine. Nevada's got six electoral college votes. Not a huge electoral college load. But folks, I mean, let's be candid here. The trend lines are obviously, again, not going in Kamala Harris's direction. North Carolina, down, Georgia down, waiting to see what's up with Pennsylvania does. Holy shit. No way. Kashi the betting market. I just said K-A-L-S-H-I now has Donald Trump at 85% chance to win people their own money. This could be, man. I'm telling you, I have wanted to celebrate for so long, folks.


Okay. Want a little more celebration? I do. Just give it to me brother. 20% of the vote in, in New Mexico, Trump 50 Harris 48. In New Mexico. In New Mexico. Who's the one who told you who called New Mexico? I don't know. He looks like Dan Bonino though, in my book. So I remember I told you if there was, if there was gonna be a surprise. It's New Mexico now, Avita. It's not done. It's only 20%. No, it's only 20% of the vote. And you gotta be careful where the vote's coming from. Is it coming from the cities? But man, that tequila hit me quick. Yeah. This may be a different show from this point on. Is there a doctor here with an eye? Yes. Steve Aler. You got your Myers cocktail?


Oh man, I'm here. Okay. You may have to juice me up with that Myers cocktail in a little bit. You sit down to that dump. I got it right here. He's got a metal case he like brings with him. you know, I listen man, I I am I feel like there's been this bottled up excitement and nothing's over. I I know you know that. I know that I don't want to get crazy or anything like that, but I feel like for the last three and three quarters years, I know you feel this way too, but Avita, I'll ask you first. I feel like we've really gotten our next step done. Yeah. The censorship. C-O-V-I-D-I mean, no one was a bigger warrior on Covid than you. Yeah. I mean, you were like, this is bullshit. You fought your school.


No, you are, I mean for a, a very young but super mature lady for your, you are like, I'm not taking this shit. I feel like we just, the midterms weren't great. I almost feel like we need this. It's like, it's not even like a nice habit. It's like a must have. Like we need this and it'll reinvigorate the movement. If We can pull this thing out tonight, I do too, Dan. And, and the censorship post 2020 happened immediately. My friend John Daniel Davidson, he wrote an article about how strange things were, how strange the, the results were in the middle of the night in Michigan and in Wisconsin. He wrote an article about it and that night it was throttled on like every single social media platform. So we saw immediately the censorship January 6th.


It was a trauma after January 6th when all of a sudden you had Donald Trump booted off of every single platform. It was unprecedented. This, isn, this the president of the United States. And then of course, yeah, you had the Covid craziness. You had the censorship. We had the Twitter files expose how crazy everything was. And I think that this would be the biggest FU to the regime controlled media to everyone. I don't mean to interrupt. I have a big announcement for everyone. I want you all to know that you are part of something very special tonight. I just got a text message from the CEO of Rumble, Chris Pavlovsky, who is watching the livestream charts in live time. You are now part of the biggest live stream in the world.


Number one, Number one, Number one In the world, Not the United States in the world. And, I wanna say a big thank you to Chris, the CEO of Rumble, who we took a shot on each other early. And let me tell you something. One day when the statute of limitations runs out, Chris, and I'll tell you the story on how we met and how much we trusted each other. I'm kidding, obviously, but how much we trusted each other. I love Chris over at Rumble and the fact that Rumble right now is the home of the number one live stream in the world. Yes. Is so much we believe. I know you guys, I believe that you guys believed in me.


And I'm gonna tell you, man, we needed this man. I needed it so bad. you know the leader Dan, man, we got it. We did Man. We been through so much shit, you know, between the freaking cancer and all this. Getting our dicks kicked in with this censorship bullshit and his covid. Put this fucking stupid mask on and then stick this needle in your arm and all this bullshit. And then Parlor gets the platform. And in everybody's boycotting every freaking thing we say. I mean, man, I never thought it would come to this man. I wouldn't. And now we got 500,000 people. We filled up five freaking football stadiums over again.


'cause you all are fighting for free speech. And we're watching one of the greatest nights in political history materialized before our eyes. I know you did brother. I know you did. Man. This guy, my doctor friend, I love this guy. Army Bonino. Army is real. Yes. So $30,000 bid on that. No shit. Our quick update on the electoral count first, president Trump is now at 205. Kamala Harris at one 17. Again, folks, the trend lines are not looking good at all. And what was it, Paula? What was it? Charity thousand. We got a bid on the, on the Trump sign, Dan, Bonino Baseball, all proceeds go to charity.


All proceeds go to charity. That is his signature. The Bonino Baseball A bid just came in. Who is it from? Let's give him a shout out. John B John. Who? John P. Just bid B oh B as in boy John B John B's like my dad. Dad, where'd you get that money? John B just put out, I'm like, dad, shit man, we gave you loaded. You're not telling me something. John b just bid $30,000 on the baseball Hurricane Relief Samaritan's Purse. Awesome. You guys are really wonderful. We love you. I really appreciate it. Folks. Last break for a couple of spots. I promise I really appreciate your patience.


The, I have the best advertisers in the world. A lot of 'em are here today. Big hat tip.


John Santos from Blackout Coffee. We love you brother. Blackout Coffee folks. They keep the show free. We love John the best coffee out there, cinnamon French toast. Try it. You'll thank me later.


Okay, we got Jacked up Fitness Don Mastrangelo here. We got miles from Brick House Nutrition. Then keep the show free. I really appreciate it. So it's gonna be our last ad break and then we're gonna go hopefully, look, this Virginia Senate race man is still going with Hung Cow, by the way. Hey, everybody's talking about these weight loss injections. Hey Miles, where are you?


So Miles from Brick House. I'm gonna read my own spot. Miles is like, you do your own thing, brother. So I was getting like a little gooey because you know, I'm, I'm old and my metabolism isn't really good. It's a true story. And, I. Take this picture, this like Geraldo Rivera selfie one time and I'm like, wow, you've got like a lot of extra bags going on in places they shouldn't be. So Miles is like, bro, I got you covered. I got this product called Lean, LEAN, like to get lean. So I tried it out. I lost a legit 30 pounds. Go look at my videos from a year ago where I was kind of a little bit of a fatty. So let's get you started with Lean Tonight. It's for Frustrated Dieters. You need to lose 10 pounds or more. Go to take lean.com. Enter code Dan 15, Dan one, five for your discount. That's promo code Dan one five at take EA n.com. Take leann.com. These statements are products have not been evaluated by the FDA and not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, and not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


That's a lot harder to read, Theresa with a double shot in 1942. It was a lot easier earlier than night.


And our last spot of the night, our friends at Bone Charge. Did you ever say to yourself, gosh, Dan Bonino looks young. Maybe you did, maybe you didn't. Maybe Dan. Bonino is crazy. But there's a reason I believe in life hacks. So Bone Charge, one of the things I use is they were infrared sauna blanket and the lovely Paula, flip that camera around on Paula. Paula, I'm not even gonna tell you her age. She uses the red light face mask. And that's why Paula looks like she does. She looks amazing and you need to try it too. Super impressive products. I've noticed a huge difference in my life. You wanna try 'em out? Head on over to a great sponsor, bone charge.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. Get 25% off the the infrared sauna blanket, the red light face mask. Amazing for your skin, amazing for your health. I've made them a part of my regular wellness routine. You should too. Use code bonino@bonecharge.com slash bonino and save 25% B-O-N-C-H-A rge.com/bonino. Save 25%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Folks in the chat, I don't wanna break the chat. I'm not actually trying right now, but I need a little poll. Anita, we have the great, the legendary Anita Groin here. I would like personally, because I'm having such a good time tonight. I would like, do you know where I'm going with this? You have no idea. I I'm gonna leave Avita outta this. Okay. Because Avita iss the moral compass for the show. Yeah, he is And I. She keeps me straight. I'm always like, really? I I sometimes my money morning updates. I have to temper them because Ata iss there and Aida's like the greatest Aida's like I love it. Right? I am seriously contemplating. I need another shot of tequila. I'm just afraid how bad Justin's parents don't drink.


Do that Justin. It is bad for your health. Do that. But folks in the chat. Yes. One more shot of tequila. I know Anita, what you were gonna say? I mean, shit. Anita's like, oh, one more shot. Like that was a mystery. One more shot for Dan or no, I, I think we may break the Yes. Sort of. Hey. Bye you one. Oh man. Alright. Sorry. Sorry. You already Yes, one more look at it. We didn't even break the chat. I am really, I'm I'll sip this one. I'll sip. I happen to like tequila a lot and Kyle g was nice enough to give it for us. Alright, gimme some election updates. Producer. Jim, what do you got for us? Let's see. Fuck. Well, let's see.


Poor guy. Put him on. I Got a question for you, Dan. Do you think that I still going through a Of stuff? Go ahead. Time out de great. Evita Duffy has a question for, for Us. I do have a question. Do you think that Joe Biden voted for Donald Trump? Who out there thinks Joe Biden voted for Donald Trump? I, you know what folks, seriously, I I don't think Joe Biden actually voted. I get the question. It's kind of funny. I don't think Joe Biden actually voted for Donald Trump, but I'm telling you Biden Candidly from the bottom of my heart, I have zero doubt that Joe Biden is sitting in the White House right now, oatmeal brains.


And he's like, language alert. If you're watching at home, my daughter Isabelle's watching Isabelle, please tune out. Joe Biden right now is like, fuck these motherfuckers. They kick me outta the race. I don't give a shit if she loses or not. I don't think she voted for him. But look at producer Mike. Send us And I. Congratulations man. Effing a producer. Mike, we miss you. you know, we love you. But someone had to handle the show. There's my daughter texting me, my daughter Isabel says so much more interesting than the news. I love you girl. Thank you so much. And we're trying to put on the best show possible. Listen, we're gonna get you the updates as soon as we get 'em.


Gee Savannah. And let's get Adam and Savannah some more time. I, they came out, they were nice enough to come out. But hey, where's to Toby? Come on over a second. Folks. I wanna give you an interesting perspective on Florida politics. 'cause what happens in Florida is happening nationwide. This is a friend of mine. He is a Florida State representative. Toby Ober. Dorf, how are you man? I'm fantastic. So you guys have a super majority in the state of Florida and the Democrats hilariously at the beginning of the night, were hoping to make a huge dent into that. How do you think that's working out for Democrats in Florida? So they had this great strategy. They were gonna run somebody against every single rep in the state of Florida, spread their resources out.


I mean, this is frigging idiotic what they did. What happens Florida just gained an additional seat for the Florida house. We now have a super, super majority and we are gonna be running through the state. I gotta tell you, Dan, some of your policies, some of the things that you brought forward, you could write the bills for the state of Florida. You have done some great work and, and then you And I have talked back and forth. You would say something on your show and be like, Dan, we just did that in Florida. Dan. We just did that in Florida. I know And I mean Over and over. And, and you have a super majority. So the Democrat, this is kind of like the reverse California, like they're feckless. But the difference is Toby state rep from Florida, as you know, people are leaving California, but they're coming here.


I mean, you And I live in Martin County. Obviously you're rep representative here. And I. I've only, you've been here longer than me. I've only lived here 10 years. But they've had to expand roads. I mean, this place is just filling up because everybody wants to be here. Well, it's the policies, it's policies we lay out. People are saying we want those policies. It's a roadmap for really what America is. And we have, we have freedom. We're now the 14th largest economy in the entire world. We have the ability to have school choice across, across our entire state here. Why wouldn't you want that? And an opportunity also to get a great job, not just by going to college, but by also going ahead and getting skills, training, all those types of things. We're now having in Florida, again, a roadmap for our entire country.


Yeah, Much. I mean, the Democrats in the, in the state of Florida ran just like they did nationally on abortion. Right? We're gonna, we're gonna have women have the right to choose. And then you saw this great victory for pro-lifers tonight. Did you expect that? So we, we figured that the Amendment three and Amendment four would both fail. I mean we, we saw that and it basically, because it was the Amendment four was so far out there and then basically saying, look, We can have an abortion all the way up to birth. That's not something that people wanted to, to have. And obviously that's shown in the, in the polls tonight. Toby, you know, this is, how many terms is this for you? This will be my final term. We have term limits in Florida.


It's a concept. Just your second. So you've kind of seen the evolution of Florida from a traditionally swing state where I, again, I've only been here 10 years. Sure. But let's be honest, if you won Florida by one point, it was a landslide. Yep. I mean it was so tight here. Rick Scott has no idea what to do tonight. 'cause he does won by nine, 10 points. He usually wins And weed all that money. These goofballs swing all this money. But you've seen the evolution of Florida. My opinion, I'd love to get your thoughts. Trump started it. He definitely started a trend in Florida. He saw it in the boat parades in 2016. Sure. Ron DeSantis took that football and ran with it. I mean, ran up massive margins.


Miami Dade, Broward Blue Counties. And now you see Donald Trump tonight. And I mean, let's just speak candid. There's no way to call it. It's, it's, it's, it's just a, an atrocity for the Democrats. I think at this point. You just gotta chalk Florida up to like, it's just a red state. Florida's no longer a swing state. Florida is solidly Republican. We'll see that for eons from here forward. Absolutely. Hey, congratulations on a great race man. Man, you so much man. You've done some great stuff, Forman. Congratulations on 500,000, man. I know. I can't believe it man. It's 500,000. That, that's fantastic. We were the biggest live stream in the world, man. So I love it. I love it. Keep Up. Great. We're the right spot. Alright, thanks for coming out. Congratulations. I'm Looking forward to calling out our, our new president, our old president, whatever it may be.


Man, come on. I hope so. I hope So. Absolutely. Pennsylvania is where it's at. I hear you. Thanks brother. Thanks. We appreciate it. Pennsylvania folks. Pennsylvania is where it's at right now. If We can knock off Pennsylvania, the math is simply an it's, it's not good for them. They, Donald Trump's strategy of focusing on East coast elections in the last few days of the campaign. Turns out it looks like at this point of the night, if things go like, I think they're gonna go. Turns out to be genius. Welcoming back to the set, Adam and Savannah, Adam Gillette from Accuracy and Media. Savanah Hernandez Savannah has her own show on Rumble, correct? Yep. Sam says, Savannah is supremely talented.


You wanna see more Savannah on the show? I know I do. Its great. Right Dawson. Wait, didn't I ask you a long time ago about Savannah? He, he Said, who are some of the great commentators? The Gen z Kai said Savanah. Hernandez. She, she was a no Brainer. She's amazing. I'm trying to bring you the best people. Sorry my eyes are getting glassy. That tequila shot hit old Danny Botts hard. But I'm feeling pretty good tonight. So screw it. We're going for you probably can't do this on network or cable television, but on my show we do whatever we want. This is why you watch election coverage here with us. Savannah, your feeling on how things are going. Still too early to call from the networks. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin. They're not calling North Carolina and Georgia.


Our show's calling it based on our sources. North Carolina, Georgia for Trump. Still too early to call though in Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. Your thoughts on where this thing is going? You know what, I know that Scott Presler has been on the ground in Pennsylvania and he is done a lot of really good work trying to get voters registered and get people active there. So I'm hoping that We can take Pennsylvania. That's the state that I've been focused in on all night, Wisconsin and Michigan. I don't know if I'm as hopeful about, but I feel like if We can flip Pennsylvania, we'll be good. So I don't know. I'm feeling positive. I'm excited. Again, I feel like the energy tonight is incredible and incredible. It's different than 2020. I feel like it, it really is. So I'm excited to see what ends up happening.


You know, Adam, you know, listen, I, I've, I've made some good calls and bad calls in politics predictions like I said before, but he's got one. They're meaningless right now. It's election. I who cares about anyone's damn predictions means nothing. However, this just savannah's correct. This does kind of feel different. In 2016 you saw this where there was like endless tidal wave of good news and the trend went in a good direction. I've said now for the thousand times, probably the chagrin, by the way, we're over 500,000 again. How the hell is that Army? Now they're coming back 500,000 again. But it just feels like Kamala Harris is running out of potential good news.


you know, like every opportunity she had is kind of enclosed off. It felt That way two weeks ago when the, you know, the excitement of her, Hey we got a candidate that isn't a geriatric guy who needs to be put in a home. What do you think America, ever since then, it's been an increasingly difficult day for Kamala Harris. When I was last up here, we were talking about emotional pain. I saw a report from the New York Times saying Trump is now likely to win the popular vote. Imagine the emotional pain inflicted upon the New York Times to Twitter guy who had to sit there and write that out. The guy's currently got a cyanide tablet in his mouth. He's contemplating his life Decisions. Well let me follow up on that. you know, and I'll ask you Savannah next. It's not good enough for us to win.


We need a mandate. Because if you give them an excuse, they'll take it. And the popular vote is their excuse. I can see it already. Where they're gonna say, even if Donald Trump folks were to win a route in the electoral college, if you give the communists left an avenue, they'll take it. And what they're gonna say is, well the majority of the country didn't want Donald Trump and they're gonna probably impeach 'em on day one. We need a mandate. It's why I told people, vote early and run up the tally. I don't want to hear shit. Oh I'm in California. I don't care. Run up the score. More, more, more. The mandate is important. It sends a message and an important one. Well I think regardless of how it goes down, they're gonna have an excuse. There's no scenario that results in them saying, shoot, you got us this time.


I guess you guys get to do what you want for two years. That's never gonna happen. But if you can minimize their excuses in such a way that the American people realize even more so the people in the media are full of shit and this is reality. The more We can separate Americans understanding from what they hear from A, B, C, and from what reality is, the better off we'll be. Savannah, your thoughts on that? The mandate. And. I. I'm just to follow up. Adam brought up the media. The mandate for the media is important because it gives the media no messaging. Wait, one quick thing folks. Wisconsin, 46% of the vote in Trump is now ahead. 49.4 to 49.1.


I'm holding out any judgment, but I'd rather be ahead than behind Wisconsin. Obviously way too close to call at this point. But again, not looking great for Kamala Harris who is hedging a lot of bets on Wisconsin. Wisconsin. Folks keep your eye on it. They may wind up calling their race before Pennsylvania. Savannah, your thoughts on that? On the mandate, the media will have no messaging vehicle at all. If Trump is even remotely close in the popular vote, they called us all Nazis. Half the country can't be Nazis and fascists. Absolutely Dan. And that's what it needs to be. We've all been saying that this election needs to be too big to rig and that's exactly what it needs to be.


Right? Every single American really needs to show up, stay in line, you know, if your polling location is still open and make your voice heard. Because absolutely I can foresee the next four years of prosperity, the next American renaissance, if you will, the golden era under Donald Trump. It's so close that We can taste it. And, I'm so excited about it. But you're right. If Donald Trump does get into office, we are going to be facing a huge battle from the left wing. We know that they're gonna have tantrums. We know that they're going to come at everybody with Lawfare. And it's going to be, it's gonna be insane because that's what the left wing is. But you know, I, think I. I'm just feeling so positive about this right now and I'm hoping that America shows up and has our voices heard.


And I think we will after what We can done. Yeah. I'm gonna turn it over to you and I'm sorry just folks for the listeners at home, I, I just got a really, really amazing text. I, I just wanna share with you 'cause it's really important to me. When I was an instructor at the Secret Service Academy, one of the students was, we'll call him Joe for now, I don't wanna give up his name. And he was in Afghanistan, war veteran. And he was a great guy, but he was very quiet. And one day out of the blue I was doing my Fox show. And about two days before the show was gonna air, I used to tape on Friday the Fox Show, it was about a Wednesday.


Joe sent me an email about, you know, why he was so quiet and he sent me an email about the experience of combat veterans in Afghanistan and what the pink mist was when his men blew up in front of him. And I read that email on my show, unfiltered on Fox. I read the whole thing and there were people that were deeply moved by that. So tonight on what looks right now, it'll be a really amazing night for America. I wanna send a hat tip you just texted me. So Joe, you know your own name. I wanna thank you for your service. And I just wanna tell you like your email really deeply impacted me.


'cause a lot of these guys who come home with no physical injuries come home with a lot of injuries upstairs from things they've seen that they see. So you don't have to And I want to thank every person who served tonight. I don't, CII don't care who you voted for, I really don't. I just care that you served And I. Want to thank you so much and, and Joe, I got your text. He just said to me, what a great live show, brother. Love you man. lf, LFG. God bless you man. It changed my life a lot. Whether you know it or not. Sorry, Avita, You are gonna Say, oh wait, quick update before we go to Avita. From Jim who is running around the room, he has now burned about 3000 calories on his ora ring or whatever.


What is that, Wisconsin? So two sources from Jim, Wisconsin. 95% of the vote in you ready? You better be ready. Wow, look at this. The first and quietest it's been all night kind of freaking me out a little bit. Trump 56 Harris 43. Woo. Folks. It ain't looking good. I'm sorry, yita. No, no, that's a, that's awesome news. No, but I was, I was gonna ask you Savannah and then actually anybody, it felt like the strategy this entire cycle for Kamala was to bring in all these celebrities, right?


And even people who were associated with p Diddy who was in this like horrible sex trafficking scandal. You had J-Lo, you had Oprah last night saying that the vote would cease to exist in the future of Trump elected. How has a celebrity, how has a celebrity route played out for Kamala? Do you think that it's really backfired and if so, why? Well, I think that it's backfired because again, the celebrities that endorse and support Kamala Harris are elitist, right? And that's what the Trump campaign has been the opposite of this entire time. And it's why that campaign or his campaign has resonated with the American people.


When you see all of these celebrities coming forward and talking about abortion, when that truly I do not feel is the top priority for the average American who can't even afford food or gas, who's dealing with the housing crisis, who's dealing with record inflation. I mean under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, our country has been quite abysmal. And we are so far away from American greatness. And, I feel like, you know, the celebrities, the celebrity endorsements can't cover that up. The average person is tired of being told by these people that have no idea what they've been going through. That they should vote for a candidate who by the way doesn't have any policy, right? Who has been covered for by the media who had a 1% what popularity rate when she did run for president back in 2020.


Nobody likes Kamala Harris and no celebrity endorsement is gonna make us like her. Sorry, Date A little bit of I don. I don't wanna call it bad news, but you, you are familiar with Virginia, Maryland politics pretty well. A hung cow who was an amazing candidate for senate out of Virginia. The race is still close, but most of the networks are calling it for the Democrat. Listen, bad news we lost. You always wanna get those second, third tier races. That was gonna be a huge stretch over Tim Kane, who is Hillary Clinton's vice presidential candidate. But it appears that Virginia is gonna be lost to us folks. No one really expected Virginia. Everything else is going in our direction.


Of course it wasn't gonna be, you know, every single state was gonna, it wasn't gonna be a Ronald Reagan like landslide, but hung Kao. He ran a great campaign there in Virginia. I mean his debate performances were amazing. Well, Consistently in Virginia, they surprise us with great Republican performances where they lose far narrowly or far closer races than you thought They would've been, I think it was eight years ago where the Republican was thought to have no chance and all of a sudden did a great job before narrowly losing. And well obviously they're not gonna get the senate race, not gonna get the gubernatorial race that can contribute to a popular vote victory because it's still an incredibly popular state. And Savannah, I've explained to the audience repeatedly that electing President Trump without a Republican house or a Senate and it looks really good, we're gonna hold the house.


We had Congressman Brian Ma on before indicates we may add a few seats. We'll see the house race. I'm really kind of worried about the presidency right now. But we need 'em all. But having a president Trump with a Democrat house, he's gonna get impeached on day one. They're just gonna make it up like piracy on the open seas or something and make up some fictitious, you know, you know, felony and try to throw him in jail again. We need the Senate in the house. Oh Absolutely. I mean, look at everything that he went through from 2016 to 2020. Look at what they're still putting him through to this day, again, the weaponization of all of our intelligence agencies of our judicial system has been quite frankly a slap in the face to the American people.


And you're completely right. And I've thought about this too. It's like we really do need to make sure that we sweep this because Donald Trump is going to be so hindered and he's going to be so handicapped if the Democrats do take the house. So hoping and praying that we are able to do that and have an effective government that works for the people. I mean, Donald Trump right now, he has created this dream team right of the Vic Ram Swami, Elon Musk, RFK Jr, Tulsi Gabbard. Like imagine having all of those people plus a Republican house and Senate. I mean America would be unstoppable, okay? It would be again the next American renaissance, if you will. And Tulsi Gabbard, RFK there, even Tucker Carlson, I think is gonna be part of the transition team if Trump does win. And there's a real anti-war element to Trump.


I mean, he's somebody, he's kind of revolutionary in that way, changing the Republican party into a pro peace movement really. Do you think that that is really gonna be a driving factor for young people this cycle? 'cause I mean we're, we're the, we're the drafting age women could potentially be drafted in, in, in the future as well. Do you think that the war issue, Kamala not having a plan for Ukraine, Kamala not having really a plan for the Middle East either, is playing a role in, in what we're seeing tonight That young men specifically go out and vote because these are the young men that are going to be drafted, right? These are the young men whose lives are on the line as a direct result of the war mongers that are currently in Congress, the war mongers that are currently in our government.


So if young men, you know, went out today, had their voices heard, then I do think that we will see a very positive impact in terms of, you know, things sway more Republican. What do you think? I don't think it's very likely in our lifetimes we're gonna see a draft instituted. And I think it's not a motivating factor for most voters, if I'm honest. I think people look at the economy, they look at immigration, they look at the border. I do think for many women, abortion is a big major issue. I don't think many people sit there and say, oh shoot, I gotta vote for Trump 'cause otherwise I'm gonna be out there fighting. The chai comes in Taiwan. What is more terrifying though, is there cultural advances, the alliance of the Marxist and Islamists that now battle us in everywhere. Except thankfully as of now the actual front lines of warfare.


And those are the areas where I think many people do get more concerned. Savannah, do you ever think you'd see in, in your lifetime the, the Republican party becoming the party of sensible foreign policy? I mean, I I don't, I'm I'm not trying to be a dick about it folks. I'm just saying like the Republican party's been dominated. I know Avita, it's a big issue with you. 'cause we talk about it, you know, in in, in the studio all the time we, we'd been in the John Boldon party. It's like there isn't a country And I was like bomb. Like there was always like a bomb for every, it was like a, you know, what was it? Was it a a a Turkey for a chicken for every po It was like a bomb for every country. And it's like this shift in the political culture where the Republican party has now become the party where people who have this more sensible foreign policy, you say, well I don't wanna divorce ourselves from the world.


That's stupid. We got, we need seas. We, you know, we have to have open sea lanes. We obviously have interests around the world, but we don't need to bomb every country on planet earth at a moment soon. Did you ever see it in your lifetime? Like us becoming the party of essentially what was the hippies in the sixties? Like the weirdest thing. It's, it's an interesting transition, but I think that it's a very necessary and great thing for our country. And I'm glad that we've gotten to a point where we realize maybe we shouldn't be funding both sides of, you know, these foreign wars and that we shouldn't be sacrificing our men overseas and putting them at risk. I think that it's been such an incredible thing, such an incredible movement. And you know, it's kind of funny that you mentioned that too. 'cause my grandfather fought in the Vietnam War, he kind of talked to me about what it was like coming back home and you know, just that experience and yeah it, it has been so different to see now the Republican party just so anti-war really pushing this message of peace and unity and of finally being the big brother of the world, right?


That instead of like provoking other countries is like, let's actually calm down here and push for world peace if you will. Well here's no shocker Kansas for Donald Trump. That's great news. But I don't think anybody realistically expected Kansas. If Kansas went for Kamala Harris again, I'd be wrapping it up for the night. Jim, you look like you got some like gotta Make the correction. Wisconsin numbers are now only at 49% reporting. It's a tight racing but Trump's still in the world. Oh, 49% reporting. Okay, Jim's correct that you had 95% correction, 49 trump's double Checked too and the 95 was correct, but Then, okay, well that's important.


No, that's all right with corrections are no problem. I mean it's a live show. We're gonna do that again. Kansas going for Donald Trump. No big surprise there. So there's a rumor, Michael's telling me here, he happens to be married to Avid. I don't know if you know that, which is great. It makes for like this great work arrangement where they still can like do the show and Michael's like they can do the show, they could do show prep like at night. They don't have to worry about any like work hours. Michael, there's a rumor out there. Steven Crowder wants to come back on the show. Is that correct? Oh wait, I didn't expect you to have him like back on the show right now. I was just kidding. Like I thought wait, I can't hear him yet, as always there's like some kind, alright. Right. Hold on one second while we unfuck the audio issue there.


But yeah, can you gimme a thumbs up if you can hear me? I can't hear him and juice me up a little bit because last time, yeah, wait, I don't hear him. He can't hear me but we'll figure it out. I get weird once we get, Oh now I hear you bunch States called and now we're waiting on those swing states. Wait, turn me up more. I definitely hear you Steve. Steve, We're back. I just can't wait to hear what Nebraska Has to say. Know Yes now I definitely hear you feels I have a lot of chaos right now on what we're doing. We have options, but I thought Bino was going to us after his guest, so I don't know Exactly. No, we're going to you right now with the guest still on the panel. We lost his audio. We had a, I didn't, we didn't change anything on our, did they hear Us? Well look, there's been enough stage call for Donald Trump, so finish your drink if the hell's the difference.


You saw me drinking by the way, I'm back On the wagon. So Can he hear me or not? Okay. Alright, we'll we'll unscrew that thing. My poor daughter's listening to me. She's like, Hey, this is the most entertaining thing. I'm sorry man. I'm just like going all out tonight. I'm not in the mood for any like bullshit. I want nothing but positive vibes tonight. I'm feeling really good about tonight probably because of the multiple shots of tequila. But folks, this is, again, if you're Kamala Harris and you're on the betting side right now, you, we Justin, do you have a cow she update for us on the betting site? What's it got Donald Trump at right now? 'cause that's all I care about. People putting their own cheese down on Kaci, the betting site.


K-A-L-S-H-I, Kaci the betting site has Donald Trump right now where people put their own cheese in the game there has Donald Trump at, I see what you did there. Eight. Eight. How do you guys have sound to soundboard too? Where's my frank ese hat? They have Donald Trump at 88% Calci. We just gave a shout out to the great frank ese hat tip to you, Frank. He's probably melting down right now. Who did that? Who put the Esei sounder? Dude that was, there you go. Of course that was Gee's favorite. Right now, man, we're still holding at a solid 490,000.


And again, a big thank you. We were the number one live stream in the world. The Dan, Bongino Show, thank you to This bonino army. We love you guys. We're gonna try to get Steve Crowder back up again as we mess with the screen over there. Too early to call for the networks, by the way, Missouri Senate. Wait, one quick one, not a big shocker. Josh Hawley. Thank you Josh. Hawley wins again. Montana called for Donald Trump. Hey, this is important though, not a surprise, Mon wait, this is hilarious. Montana was called for Trump with 3% of the voting. That means like nobody even voted. And they're like, this shit is over.


Now why is that important? Not because we thought Montana was gonna go the other way, but here it is, the Montana Senate race. Tim Sheehy, the Republican is running against clown Democrat, John Tester and is up by 11 points folks, if she, he wins that race, if she, he wins that race. We are now, we're at 50 50 now with the West Virginia race being called. We will be effectively at 51 and we will have taken control of the Senate if Tim, she does it. That's before Bernie Moreno or anyone else is even called. So keep your eye on Montana, even though it was called early Adam Savannah Montana.


Not a big surprise, but the Tim Sheehy race. Important, Absolutely, because this is our best chance to take Senate seats that we're gonna have for several cycles. And you've gotta remember that in every midterm, the party in the White House loses house seats. They lose Senate seats. So if the Republicans can get up to 52 53 seats, they're in a way better position to survive the midterms where they'll probably lose a couple. How you feel. The Senate, obviously we're gonna be at 50 50 now at West Virginia Moreno still looks strong, ran a great race. This is the first cycle, I think in a long time where we picked a slate of really high quality candidates and it's leaving us in a really banger position right now. The only one I'm a little worried about is Kerry Lakes race in Arizona that Gallego put on quite a scam pretending he wasn't a communist.


Yeah, yeah. you know what, Dan, I'll be honest, I haven't paid as close of attention to the House and Senate races, but again, I know that they're important. And regarding the Senate, I know that it is like such a small margin. We do need to just flip what those like full three seats. So I'm hoping that We can pull it out. I'm excited to see the continuation of the night, quite frankly. So Theresa, Where is Ryan? Where is Ryan from? Is he here? So I I, folks, again, I just, the advertisers keep the show free.


I want to give a big shout out to Ryan from American Financing. Really appreciate you flying in from Puerto Rico for this night. Thank you so much. You guys mean the world to us. There's a little pan out of the crew at OK Ember here in downtown Stewart. We've got the whole posse here. We've got everybody here. So getting ready to celebrate this thing. Yeah, man, I'm feeling amazingly good. I'm, I'm up to the amazing level. Hey man, thank you for your support of the show. Ray, you came in from Puerto Rico, man, thank you brother American Financing dot net. They've been a great sponsor. Check 'em out, folks. Go to their website, support our sponsors. They love us, they love to talk to you, and they're not into any of this cancel culture bullshit, so we deeply appreciate it.


So guys, again, wait. Oh wait, sorry. News break. You ready? Whenever you see the paper come in. Thank you, brother. Whenever you see the paper come in, you know something's up. Iowa president. Yes, Iowa, Donald Trump and Seltzer poll. Take that now. We're not on radio, Jim, so we don't have to worry. So that's, fuck that poll is right, dude. Jim says on the radio, we're not allowed to do any of this. This is not the radio. It's my podcast. Jim, what do we say on the radio?


You can take that Iowa poll now that it's been called for Donald Trump. And what a minute, MC groin crew. What are we gonna do with it? We're gonna, we're gonna roll it up in a little And we're gonna shove it up your Ass In Iowa, Cole se Iowa In the can for Donald Trump. Yeah. Shoved that right up there. Seltzer Paul Kamala Harris is up by three in Iowa. No, no, no, she's not, she's not, she's not up by three I. Don't know if you made that up or what. Okay. Yes, Kessel and Eric Daughtry both say the call of Virginia for Harris may be retracted.


Whoa. Dad, listen, I, I'm just telling you. I know Virginia politics well, if there's even a debate at Holy shit, it's 10 40, been drinking too much tequila. 10 41 at at 10 41. At 10 41 Eastern time on the East Coast state. Like Virginia. If there is even a debate about who won Virginia at this point, by the way, two 11, Donald Trump won 17 Kamala Harris getting better by the minute they're in. I can't, how, how many times I gonna say they're in trouble? I feel like I'm repeating myself like Jenk on 'em when they lost in 2016.


CNN exit poll, exit polls. Whatevs, we get it. However, it's from CNN. They have zero interest in making a poll look good for Donald Trump, Michigan, Hispanic voters in from CNN 60% Trump, 35% Harris. No way. No way, no way, no way. No way. I'm not even buying it. I'm, I'm not even, I'm not even buying it. I'm not even buying it. I'm not even buying it. If that's, he is, she is totally screwed in Michigan. If that's the case, okay, Fox isn't calling Georgia yet.


The Dan, Bongino Show is saying fuck it. We called it Georgia for Trump. However, 51 48, they're still holding out I. Don't know why they're doing that. They're probably I don't know, maybe they've got some, you know, 2020 PTSD or whatever. But I think there's zero question guys. Savannah, I'll start with you. That there's gonna be a lot of media pressure from left wing outlets to not call this race. Especially if Pennsylvania's tight. Because what they wanna do is the shit they pulled in 2020, they wanna mark Elias litigate this thing to death for four weeks. And luckily it looks like in Georgia, Florida, and North Carolina and potentially in a few other states as well, we may have swamped this thing, but it's clear now. That's their plan.


Absolutely Dan, and you know, Avita brought this up as well, how they are already priming us not to know the election results on Election Night, which of course is not normal. I've been reading stories all week about how in Arizona it's gonna take 10 to 13 days to tabulate votes. How in Michigan they're going to be counting overseas votes for up to a week. So they definitely are trying to prime us for this, but again, too big to rig. The early voting numbers were incredible. What we're seeing right now is incredible. And I'm just hoping that all of the news that we're we're seeing just holds true. And we we're just able to sweep. And Donald Trump is able to really, Adam, you run accuracy in media. So you know a little bit about media bias. you know, if I think the situation were reversed in Georgia right now, the networks would've already called it for Kamala Harris.


It's not, luckily it's in our favor. But I don't think there's any doubt, practically speaking that there's gonna be a lot of pressure for them not to call this thing. They're obviously looking at a law fair bat, lawfare battle going a lawfare battle going forward. Your thoughts on that? Yeah, These people are tenacious, as we said before, even if he wins the popular vote wins everything. They're not gonna roll over and die and say, shoot, you won this round. We'll come back in four years. They are like Churchill in that they will fight you in the streets and in the mountains and in the hills and in the cities. They will fight you in the courtrooms. They will fight you on the college campuses. They will use any route they can to deny results and try to discredit any of their opponents. It's what's to be expected. That's merely a sign of success.


Well, thank you guys again. Have a drink, enjoy yourself. We'll bring you back. We're gonna bring Julie and Kelly Julie Kelly and, and Mike Bens back for a little bit of commentary. I appreciate you guys have been amazing. Thank you for coming in. And again, we'll bring you back folks, just a couple of notes. Thank you for all the tips. Someone just gave $200. That is really amazing. However, save your money. Dan Bonino doesn't need it. I'm talking about myself in a third person like Bob Dole, which is kind of weird. However, I don't really need to, I, I appreciate it. But send the money to a charity or something like that. It's really nice of you. So many people are sending us tips. I deeply appreciate it matters the world. And again, if you wanna bid, what's the bid up to in the auction?


If you wanna bid on the Donald Trump signed autograph. Dan Bongino Show Baseball. We were there. It's on video, him signing it. The bid is up. The bid is up to what? I can't read that. I'm like 30. Oh my gosh. 15 minutes long. $37,000 for charity for this ball. You guys are amazing. Hey, my mother-in-Law is here. Who's a wonderful woman? Miriam Marshall. And I. Just wanna say thank you for showing up because she's an amazing woman. It's so good to see you, Miriam. Oh, she's looking at her. She's so happy to be here. I'm gonna tell you something. You see that woman you're seeing on camera right there?


That's my mother-in-Law folks. She was a Trump supporter. She, early on in 2016, she was actually the first one we were leaning towards Ted Cruz. She was the one who said, no, no, you gotta go all for Donald Trump. 'cause as she had worked with him in the airport in New York when he had that Trump Airlines and he used to come on and give a hundred dollars tips to all the people, she was like, he was so nice. So what's that? Oh, we're good for what? Okay, what do you got? This isn't anything for the presidential race. Oh, go Steve. Okay. Wait, hold on. Sorry. Win These Steve, are we back By anywhere from, you know, two to two to five points? Yeah, exactly. He's gonna And, I, And I. Think you're right about Virginia. They called Virginia.


Are we back with Steve? Way too early. I don't know that that we get there in Virginia, but it's, Oh man. I'm sorry folks. It's a live show. We'll keep trying. He's got his own thing trying to raid each other's streams. I promise. We'll make it happen, Jim. Alright, what do you got? This doesn't have anything to do with the presidential race, but this is just funny. Republicans flip governor's mansion in Puerto Rico. Yay. No worries. My boy, Steve here, who's a doctor, he's got the big presence in Puerto Puerto Rico. Okay, quick update. Michigan. Michigan, nothing's over no calls. Way too early.


Michigan and Wisconsin, both Trump is ahead. 49 48. That's obviously great, but too early also. What was the other one? 51 48 that was in, was that Pennsylvania? No, that was, no, I think that was Pennsylvania. 51, 48 folks. Arizona tied up. 49.6. 49.6, 50% in too close to call North Carolina over Wyoming. No big shock goes to Donald Trump. So we're still standing at two 11 to one 17. We'll have updates coming in for you throughout the night. Don't you worry about it. We still got 492,000 people here on what was, at least a little bit ago.


The world's largest live stream. The, Dan, Bongino, Show. You guys are absolutely kicking ass and taking names. And I. Can't tell you how much I appreciate it. You guys are awesome. Hey everybody, make sure to tip the bartender. We love the bartenders here. They're amazing. And the Bon tips. No tax, right? No tax tips. That's my buddy just said, you know, we need an update from Eric Darry. That guy's been spot on about stuff. I am reaching Out to him. So yeah, reach out to him. We gotta get him on. I'd love to have him on. This guy's had an amazing streak of, of just predicting stuff, especially with the early voting Avita thoughts from you?


Well, I just saw a tweet that Florida has 22 over 22 million people. PA 13 million. Why I, I don't understand why ev, nobody can. Everybody can't just be like Florida. We just get it all done tonight. We get all the results. And why do we have to drag it out in states that have a smaller population than here in Florida? Complicated. I mean, I early voted on Saturday. Oh, the minute you walk in and you run the ballot, they know who you voted. It's not hard. Yeah. Like how complicated is this? I think Pennsylvania does this on purpose. So Mike, again, you guys have been following it. Julie, actually I'll go to Julie, you first on this one.


Feeling good, feeling very good, feeling excellent, feeling amazing. What are your sources telling you? Because Now what's happening is you're starting to get the stories about the Kamala Harris campaign really starting to melt down and freak out about the numbers that are coming outta Pennsylvania. Some of the counties she really needed to do well in Lackawanna County and others. She's really underperforming in those areas. So those were sort of the counties that people were starting to watch. Yeah. So in the Wisconsin, we got a glitch on the decision headquarters website, but I still think Wisconsin looks really good for, for Trump. I mean, this is, this is really pulling away. And in Georgia, Trump is at the same number of votes that Biden won in 2020.


And I think there's a 250,000 vote difference between Kamala and Trump at this point. So this is really starting to get away from Harris, and you're starting to see the media reports on this now on Twitter. You know, Mike, you can sense the energy. I've been following the Kamala Harris campaign. They're doing it over at Howard in Washington DC and you can almost see like they're already anticipating there's gonna be negative energy. I mean, you can just see it while the intensity grows in Palm Beach for Donald Trump. Your thoughts? You got a little bottle of bubbly there, huh? I like That. I do. I was feeling good about Pennsylvania. We're up 120,000 votes. There Are, are you feeling good about Pennsylvania Right now? Okay. But you know, still a lot of, a lot of left to play there.


But one thing that I'll point out about Kamala doing her, you know, spending the night at Howard, there's actually something kind of ominous about her being at Howard for this, which is that Howard University set up a new legal center for Sherilyn Eiffel, who is the former head of legal for the naacp, specifically to pursue the Jamie Raskin Fourth Amendment, disqualification, I think it's called the Center for like Law and Democracy at Howard. It was set up late last year to make the argument to the Supreme Court that the 14th Amendment should have disqualified Trump. And then Raskin was upset that the Supreme Court ga granted the immunity ruling. And that's when he made that speech, say, you know, that that one at politics and prose in DC saying we're going to need to nullify the vote, citing the third, you know, article three of the 14th Amendment.


And then he turned to Sherilyn eel at Howard University saying, and that's why I am so glad Sherilyn Eel set up this new center, specifically on the 14th Amendment to disqualify Trump. And that is where Kamala is. So if she loses tonight, she's literally right there at the center working to disqualify Trump in January. Do I'm sorry, go ahead, Aina. No, no, I was, I was Gonna, everyone can look this up. It's the, it's the 14th Amendment Center at Howard University And everything you've been saying all night, Mike, Mike, it's just like they wanna tear down our institutions. They wanna tear down who we are as a country, which is really ironic. Because, they keep telling us, you guys wanna tear down democracy. If Donald Trump wins, it's the end of the world. Can you, at the ka Oh, okay.


All right. No worries. Could you just, for the viewers, just give us a picture of, of what it will look like institution wise if Kamala, and it's not looking like this, but if Kamala does win or if the Democrats have their way, what, what are, what are we going to see be torn down? Well, so they've redefined democracy to mean a consensus of institutions rather than a consensus of individuals. They argue that it's Trump who's tearing down the institutions because populism is essentially a revolt against institutions that are failing the people. The institutions serve as that middle ground between the people and their government. They call institutions things like the news media.


Yeah. So if you attack the news media, if you undermine public faith and confidence in the news, news media, you are attacking the institutions. This is actually how the National Science Foundation, the Defense Department, the State Department and the, and the web of NGOs and the censorship industry all define democracy as being the consensus of institutions. And so what they say is that disinformation is a attack on democracy because it's an attack on institutions like the news media, the science and government agencies. Well, you know, democracy is the people. I think what you would, what you would see under a Harris rain is instead of earning the institutions, earning the trust of the people, they will forcibly install it through censorship, through legal action against x and Rumble through, through locking up journalists like they did to Steve Bannon.


When they threw Steve Bannon in jail, the prosecutors specifically cited the reach of War room, how many audience members it reached. Its its distribution as the reason that it was important to put Steve Bannon in prison, because as a journalist, he reached so many people. I think you're going to see that on steroids with a gleeful prosecutor of Kamala Harris. Everyone right now is at the top of my X page. It's at Mike Ben Seber. I have the 45 second clip of Kamala Harris detailing the, the, the power that she has with the stroke of a pen to ruin a person's life and how she can, and, and almost getting off on the fact that she can economically bankrupt someone.


She can ruin their reputation in their community. Yeah. She can force them to sell their home. Their spouses may leave them 'cause they can no longer financially support themselves. And that she's the power to bring them back to life by dismissing the charges. That's, that's a prosecutor, that is a, a rogue prosecutor who may potentially be in charge of the presidency. So everything runs through the Justice Department, whether it's the CIA, the defense department, the de the Department of Labor. There's any reform, if you wanna enforce a congressional subpoena, you need the Justice Department to enforce it. So, you know, that is the, the threat is that anyone who opposes the institute, the institutions will be propped up as a gatekeeper for the regime.


And so they will be able to do the extra constitutional things that the government pays them to do, but cannot do itself. And so what I think what you would see is effectively a propping up of corrupt institutions rather than the necessary tearing down and reforming and building them back up. Build them, build back better for the institutions and the reform process that would happen under a Trump presidency. Yeah. And that's, it's really dystopian everything that you just laid out. Terrifying Julie. Young people have the, the Biden admin has tried to buy them. Right. We're gonna, we're gonna give you guys massive student loan forgiveness. you know, we're gonna And I, don't know if it's really worked out. I don't know if young people really have, have, I mean, a lot of them aren't paying back their loans right now anyways, but you have an economy that's in shambles.


We can't afford to buy a home. Right. Inflation is high. So interest rates are high. How do you think, how do you think that the buying of votes is going to turn out for Democrats as a long-term plan? I mean, as we look to student loan forgiveness or even putting up migrants and housing and then promising them amnesty. How do you think that's gonna be as a long-term plan? Yeah, that's a great question. I mean, I don't know. I've got, you know, daughters who are 24 and 20 and seeing how their friends, you know, it was very uncool to be a young person and not just be a Trump supporter, but be a Republican in general. And so you see that sort of stigma has come off of Gen Z and that's why, again, that will contribute to Kamala Harris's defeat.


If that's what we're going to see is not just the gender gap that didn't materialize and stronger numbers among minority voters, but they always, Democrats have always relied on young people to turn out the vote. I think that that was the game changer in 2022 after the Dobbs decision. Clearly these states with high college concentrations, Michigan for example, that was a big issue. And that really generated a lot of enthusiasm. But now, you know, reality is, okay, that's only one issue. We can't get jobs. We're looking at, at a future where our parents had homes and weren't, we can't even pay our rent. And so you're right, the attempt to buy off that vote over and over with student loan forgiveness and other little cookies that we paid for certainly did not appear to work.


And Julie, you're a woman. I'm a woman. We were told that there's all this pressure, right? That if you don't vote for a, for a for Kamala Harris, you're not voting with your gender. You're not a real woman. You're not sticking up for girls everywhere. I don't know about you. But I felt like the pressure actually came the other way around, that it was other women. It wasn't men telling women, you have to, I, I just felt like it was other women saying, you have to vote this way, otherwise you're, you're not a real woman. Instead of it being like the ad you brought up where it was men pressuring their wives to vote for Trump or else Look real problem with privileged white women in this country. And I could say that because I consider them sort of my tribe, not privileged, but certainly suburban women.


And we have a real problem with them. They have a problem. We don't have a problem with them. They have a problem. And maybe after this election with Donald Trump winning, they will finally realize that maybe watching the view all the time and just paying attention to what's happening on Facebook in this hive mind, this junior high mentality that most women, white women from their late thirties into their late fifties appear to have. They really haven't matured beyond seventh, eighth grade. They can't really think outside. I mean, I saw this in affluent suburbs in Chicago. They're littered with Harris signs. Well, why? If you try to have a conversation with one, they couldn't tell you why there, but, you know, they hate Trump and abortion.


That was it. So I, I don't think the Republican party needs to worry about trying to appeal to them. These women need to start thinking for themselves. We are not the ones who are not thinking for ourselves. Those women are the ones who are not. Mikey. What, what about the baseball? Okay, we're at 50,000 for the baseball with one minute left to bid. So that's a big deal. Oh, 60 Oh. yeah. Okay, Dan, come over here and announce that I had to take a break even at Dan. Bongino Show Dan Bonino needs to take a break with him. I just wanna quick give you guys a quick update on the ball.


The Donald Trump signed ball, The auction for the ball is now at an astonishing $45,000. Holy shit. If you wanna bid on it though, you gotta bid on this sucker soon because it ends in what, one minute. Who the hell thought we were gonna raise? $45,000 for this Bull 50. If someone wants to do 50, that'd be really awesome. Oh, it's at 50 50,000. What is it? Is it what? 50,105 for the Donald Trump sign Ball. Wow. That man, look at that video of Trump headquarters versus Kamala Harris headquarters.


That is a, you wanna talk about night and day? Yeah, they're not really, you can already tell, like the vibe is really, really bad. So Pennsylvania folks, quick update out of Pennsylvania. 51% Donald Trump, 48% pa You got any updates for Us? I'm looking right now. Yep. 51 48 Pennsylvania. I'm feeling very, very good about Pennsylvania. And if We can get a call on Pennsylvania tonight, there's simply no math. Here's the betting markets. Hey Mike, listen, you're like, you know, deep state, they're all into probabilities and stuff. you know, these CIA guys come in, they go, there's a 51% chance of this or whatever when you're sitting there, people putting their own money on Calci.


91% on a betting site Now for Donald Trump, it's probably not looking good. I mean, that's those Pennsylvania numbers that was 51 for Trump, 48. That's a, that's a lot of O2. You gotta make up with that much baked in the issue. I mean, you know, Josh Shapiro is as crooked as they come though. And if they decide it's too close to call tonight. If it's, if it's, if we know Pennsylvania tonight, it's probably 'cause we win clean if we, if it goes overnight. The thing is is Arizona is, so the Maricopa County situation where they're saying it's gonna take 10 to 13 days to count, you know, count it out in Arizona, I saw numbers that Trump was at up like plus four or something earlier.


We need Pennsylvania essentially. And this is as good as We can be situated currently. But until more of the vote is in I'm, but Do we agree if Pennsylvania goes for Trump tonight, there's simply no math. I mean, moving forward, there's no, there's really no path for Kamala Harris given North Carolina and Georgia going in our direction. If, if she takes Michigan, Wisconsin, and Arizona, is there an, is there a path from there? I? don? Is there Not enough? I don't, I don't think there is. I think if she, if if e sweeps Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Georgia, I, I mean Nevada doesn't look good for them either. I mean, right now it's 2 16, 1 93.


But here's an update, folks. Wisconsin, 60% in, in Wisconsin, it's now 50 48 Trump. I mean this is like, it's not, there's not that many votes in California Senate race just called no surprise that snake. We can't stand Adam Schiff boo everybody a collective boo for Adam Schiff, who absolutely sucks. Yeah, he won there. No big shocker there Denman, by The way. No way. No, no, that's not true. Is are you sure? Wait, do you see it? Vin is is leading in the house. So they're gonna binman and Schiff, I mean Binman, that's like a deep state, like wet dream.


I'm, I'm just throwing this out there 'cause I trust this guy's analysis. Eric Daughtry, he's been very good. He's saying Bernie Moreno is gonna win the Ohio Senate race, which is freaking huge. That is major news if true. Well, what's that? I can't do other sources. And they're saying the same thing. Bernie Moreno in the Senate. Now Here's another thing. Republicans need to take the Senate now because with Adam Schiff in the Senate, they're gonna put him as the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He was the head of the House Intelligence Committee and did an unbelievable damage from there. If he's in the upper chamber, they're gonna put him right on the Senate Intelligence Committee and he is going to lead the intelligence state against a Trump residency.


So seeing Schiff win this Democrat race here on, on the Senate side tells me we have to take the Senate in addition to taking, you know, the presidency because they're going to weaponize that CIA under Adam Schiff. They're gonna weaponize the entire OD And I, the entire FBI counterintelligence structure is going to run through Adam Schiff and the Senate. Now. And when you combine that with Vin Min having a friend in the house to be able to coordinate this through both chambers, that's a very dangerous combination. So not only do we need to take the Senate to prevent 'cause 'cause it's very different if he's the ranking member on a Republican committee as opposed to the head of a Democrat committee, which has all the investigative and subpoena power that comes with it.


So just to, just as a matter of defensive prophylaxis, This isn, a Senate essentially spearheaded on the IC side by, by Adam Schiff is is the, the, is a dagger in the heart. It would just clog up the entire Trump presence. I mean, It would, it would give every rogue member of the IC a direct channel for, for the Senate to translate that into nefarious legislative action. Julie, I'm feeling amazing about the Senate. I mean, now obviously West Virginia's called Montana's looking amazing. I don, I don't see really a path for a tester at this point given the massive turnout, right? So let's say that race does go our way. We're at 51 if this call by Eric Daughtry's right about Bernie Moreno, that's 52, right?


I mean, that puts us in pretty amazing shape, Right? And they were very worried about Tammy Baldwin. Her numbers in Wisconsin were collapsing. Jackie Rosen was I think two points behind in Nevada. Jackie Rosen, Sam Brown in Nevada, It wild card for Republicans. That Could be a huge, huge upset. It could be a huge upset because I don't think anyone really saw that coming. And so that would be a big one. And then of course Michigan was very close as well. So really we'll see what happens with the, with Trump and Harris in those states. But if he pulls away three points or so in, in Michigan where three points in Wisconsin, that's very bad news for the Democrats running their, another incumbent Tammy Baldwin in Wisconsin.


So, and the open scene in, in Michigan, This question I asked Dan, what are your thoughts on a, on the Trump personnel as as hopefully he wins. Hopefully things look really good for us tonight and we have some black pillars saying that it's not gonna look good. He's the deep state again. It's, it's gonna be a, a disaster just like last time. Are you optimistic about his personnel? Do you think it's gonna be better than last time? I think it's going to be substantially smarter than the first three years of last time. Okay. But I'm not sure if they're going to go the full fourth year. So when PPO transitioned to put Johnny McIntee at the helm, it was transformative for the White House in terms of being able to get good personnel in every part of almost every federal agency except maybe the Justice Department.


But I know that there's been controversies around the campaigns relationship with Project 2025 and things like that. Yeah. And so I think there's a compromise happening at the donor level right now. I think it was very interesting that, that Donald Trump floated Mike Pompeo's name as defense secretary. I do too. That is very interesting in terms of what it signals in terms of Trump's posture is his sort of policy vision. But then also is posturing potentially to donors, but then also potentially to the blob itself that certain aspects of foreign policy they're most afraid of are going to be alleviated. Because Pompeo, who is my former boss at State, really straddles that line between Trump world and the Atlantis foreign policy NATO world.


And so I think maybe him as a sort of compromised defense secretary, I don't know if there's 40 chess going on in Trump's wizard brain about why he's floated that several times. But I, I think that's an interesting tell about the sort of thing. So It doesn't scare you, Pompeo doesn't scare you necessarily. It scares me I don that that's Why I would say Hasell appointment. I mean that was by his imprimatur. Yeah. Scares the shit outta me. Yeah. Gina Hassell's been a disaster. It was a Disaster. Well, she was the, yeah, I mean she was under, she was at the, the London, you know, chief of station for the CIA, which was the same place that generated Russiagate with the Christopher Steele British Intelligence Network. Yeah. you know, it's, you know, he was the one that told us about the snake and the frog.


Right. you know, you knew I was a snake. And so, but there may be certain compromises that he feels he needs to make on the donor side and then also within the, you know, sort of NeoCon and never Trump wings of the GOP if they bring another special prosecutor's investigation. I believe he told Tucker Carlson that, you know, one of his motivations for bombing Syria in 2018 was because he owed favors to the Republican side of Congress to stave off Mueller. And so this sort of calculus is, is hard to sort of appreciate, I think from the outside, but under the stress of FBI investigations, justice department lawsuits, you know, civil floods of civil society lawsuits and threats from members of his own party who, who threatened to align with the Democrats, if they don't get their cut from Trump, he may be making the sort of Solomon's baby, you know, splitting choices in Pompeo.


So I'm waiting to see how the rest of the State Department, IC FBI choices, obviously you have to get rid of Chris Ray and, and the disaster that, that's been, Chris Ray should have been axed the moment he threatened to leave in 2018 when he, when Trump cast out on, oh, Alright. Yes. Wow. Okay. So folks, sorry Mike. No, that's, but listen, if Fox is calling it, you know, it's pretty much over Bernie Moreno, the new senator from the great state of Ohio, given the boot to the worst liberal I've ever seen, Shett Brown, Bernie Moreno. We are now up to, if we pull it out in Montana, it looks like now what do we have?


50, 51, 52. So if Donald Trump wins, we now conclusively have control of the Senate. Damn. Good job. Come on, man. That's a, that looks like a route at this point. Wow. 50. I mean, I mean she brown as you, I mean Julie, you know, she brown, that's huge. I mean this is like four term deep state hack. Forever term. Yeah. Four term term senator. Correct. Florida amendment three on weed goes down, no, Florida Amendment four creating a constitutional right to kill babies in the womb that goes down in flames. Yes, yes, yes. This, the shitty night for the Democrats keeps getting shittier.


Julie, this is a huge pickup in Bernie Moreno. It's Huge. And you know, you have to pause for a minute and consider, it wasn't that long ago when we were watching Ohio and Florida, those were the swing states. Right. And now they're so conclusively read that you have kind of a, I mean, I'm don't, not that familiar with Moreno, but taking out a four term US senator, obviously very powerful in that state. And it looks like he'll lose by five points. That's a big defeat for, for many reasons why this is so significant for Republicans and the Trump movement, the MAGA movement. Moreno was not a McConnell favorite at all.


Moreno was the guy. They didn't really, they didn't really want, they had other ideas for this. He comes in. Yeah, I know. It's awesome news. Even better. So he comes in with none of that baggage behind him That I, it's very exciting. All of this is very exciting. Julie, I wanna ask you maybe, I don't know, maybe, maybe I asked Savannah this, but just about the Democratic strategy and the way that they have been bringing in, I mean, Oprah is coming in and she's saying that we're never gonna be able to vote again. Did I ask you this, or Did I, ask Savannah this, I don't remember, but the celebrity endorsements and whether you think that this is going to be a long term strategy for the left, because I don't think it's worked out tonight. It hasn't worked out.


It didn't work out last time. It didn't work out the time really before that. I think that that is part of the rep, what people find repellent about the new Democratic party. It's elitism. And having, like we talked about Julia Roberts do this voiceover indicating that somehow women who want to vote for Trump are told what to do by their husbands. And then having Georgetown talk about that For a minute, because I know this is kind of a, this was a really sensitive topic with me, this ridiculous bullshit ad they ran, we were like, the Democrats were like, Hey wives, you need to hide your vote from your husbands and go quietly vote for Kamala. Number one. The implication there is that a wife needs to hide a vote from the husband.


Like you're some kind of like You don't civilian Political affair and you like hide it. Like it was so lame. It was like it Was, that's your spot. And not only They insulting to women, Not only That, it is completely reverse of reality. It is the Harris women who are shrews, who are torment their poor husbands who wanna vote for Donald Trump, that they can't even talk about it in their own household. It's Completely west. No, his husbands are taking away to vote Trump. Yeah. Yes, exactly. I mean the, the women, the Harris women supporters are the ones who are really the bullies in that scenario. So that's another reason why the ad was so hilarious. He's A question for the whole panel panel. And I'll go around the horn Avea.


Julie, Mike, do you think it's tomorrow before recrimination start? My, here's the narrative, my opinion, IMHO tomorrow, it was Biden's fault. He got out too late, screwed this thing up. We had a great candidate, but she just didn't have time to introduce herself. All, all. I mean, there's some truth to all of it, but Kamala Harris just genuinely sucked. But how quickly before the Democrats start eating each other alive? No, I mean it's already actually, they're, they're blaming the voters. I'm, I just saw a tweet. Nicole Wallace says that we need to examine the information consumption of young men, especially on the economy. So I think we're gonna see a lot of censorship pushes from the federal government after this to Mike Ben's point, but yeah, I'm sure they're freaking out already.


And I think they're actually gonna blame the voters more than they blame themselves. This is another humiliating defeat for the media Because. they protected her. They created a false persona of her that she was this joyous candidate. They excused away all of her policy pivots. They refused to hold her feet to the fire on anything. They totally coddled her. The American people woke up to that very quickly and they resented the fact resent, I think that they coddled and bubble wraps Kamala Harris while continuing to pick up on every little comment that Donald Trump made. And they, they created, she was a phony. She was just an image. She was a mirage.


When we're talking about mirage, that's what she was, this is another defeat for the media. They really thought that they could prop her up as this construct convince most Americans that she could really be president of the United States because they're willing to do anything to make sure that Donald Trump doesn't go back to the White House. This is just a complete failure and humiliation for the American press. I suspect if things continue trending the way they are, that there will be flashes of that tomorrow. But that someone will get the call at their, at their magazine, at their newspaper, at their online outlet to reign that in because of the devastation that does to their legal challenges to, to publicly concede a legitimate loss.


And I mentioned this before. I, I i, I, I forget if, if you were, if you had gotten up or if you're still here, but the fact that Kamala is at Howard University tonight at the exact 14th Amendment Center that Sherilyn and Eil set up to disqualify Trump in January if Trump won in November, I don't think is a coincidence. I mean, that she's, I don't think Sherilyn Eil and Jamie Raskin and David Hors are, and Norm Eisen and Mark Elias are sitting, you know, with their thumbs up their butts watching this and saying, oh darn, we lost. I think they're gonna try to run every legal angle they can. And everything the press says about this can be entered into, into court, as you know, as evidence, it, it affects perceptions of public legitimacy.


And so I think people are going to feel that in the media and there they will try to print it and then there will be a quick change o over the following week as they, as they attempt to preserve the legal avenues to Though, to this 14th amendment bullshit. I've had a few friends text me throughout the night, a preemptive disqualification under the 14th Amendment. You think there's any likes to that? I think it, it totally depends on what they're able to generate in, in the next two months. So for example, in in 2004 when the State Department overthrew the government of Ukraine and the Orange Revolution, there was an official vote tally, and then the presence of street demonstrations, the presence of USAID and US State Department funded media that flooded the zone by saying that that vote shouldn't count.


There's a parallel vote that should count instead, you know, in Michael McFall Magnum, you know, his, his opus work on, on this. He specifically said that the Supreme Court made the determination to overthrow, to overturn the vote, specifically because of the grand protest playing out. And the fact that they felt essentially like they could not, they did not wanna make a ruling that would rebut the force of the mob while the mob was being propped up by the media as a pro-democracy group. And now, so it really depends on the capacities they're able to bring to bear, but they'll need to bring them to bear very quickly. But that was two months in Ukraine that that took to go from zero to 60, and it's two months between November and January.


So I, I'm not saying it's gonna happen, but I would not rule it out. Julie, the only Thing I wanted to say, and And I just tweeted this, is that Trump's victory tonight will end the January 6th insurrection narrative. Completely kill it, because that's what they were relying on to win. And think of all the time and resources and energy and fixation that the media and Democrats and everyone put on January 6th, this will, this is sort of the death now for it. So to your point, they probably will try to perpetuate that. but I think, I mean. The Democrats have never been known to be a particularly self-reflective bunch. And the thing is, as the Gen six narrative falls apart anyway, we're now finding out there were feds in the crowd, right?


They don't wanna admit how many we got the Kamala Harris bomb plot. They're notoriously cryptic about, they still keep going. And I wanna believe that because it's at this point become just so ridiculously counterproductive for them. But they're, they're a really stupid bunch. I mean, they've been going with this fascist thing for, you know, what, eight years now. And it still keeps kicking 'em in the ass. Well, they may actually ramp up the January 6th rhetoric in the next two months because that is the linchpin of the 14th Amendment argument. And it's also the main legal leverage point they have against the Trump, against Trump in the sense that the Justice Department has an active criminal suit against Trump under the Ku Klux Klan Act, you know, conveniently around January 6th.


And so I, I suspect that it may actually go, I think Julie's totally right, should, you know, should Trump be inaugurated in January, but you may see between November and January them actually ramping it up because that will help provide support for congressional action in Jan in January to stop what might happen here tonight. I think that one of the biggest problems that Kamala had this entire cycle was she didn't differentiate herself from Biden. She was famously asked it many times, and she couldn't say what she would do differently because it would look really bad for her to, to be disloyal to Biden. I think the only reason he sanctioned her running is because she wasn't gonna damage his legacy in any way.


How could she have done that better? I mean, I'm trying to just like think about, think this through, because I I, I do think the, the vast majority of Americans said in said in polling, we need change in America. And she tried to, to paint herself as the change, but she couldn't say what she would do different than Biden. How could she have even, how could she have handled this any better? I don't think she really could have. I mean, I think she tried to tap dance around it as much as she could because she didn't want to further isolate herself from him, even though that was happening behind the scenes with his team and her new team and advisors. But she really, I don't know that she really had a choice. I think she tried to in very vague terms, but again, that wasn't convincing.


And when you have exit polls showing 70% of voters want a change, 70% of voters are very unhappy, think the country's on the wrong direction. And then she was trying to make it sound like we're gonna turn the page. And everyone was like, well, wait a second, you're in office now. So that didn't work either. I, I really don't know how she could have answered that question differently. Pennsylvania is looking worse by the minute folks. Pennsylvania's now at 51.1 for Donald Trump. 75% of the vote in 47.9 for Kamala Harris. That is a difference right now of approximately 200,000 votes.


I, I I get it, Mike, I mean, I'm as nervous about it as you are because, you know, Pennsylvania's got a history of this. But I mean, again, you, you know, you got a gun to your head. Take a bet. Who do you wanna be right now? Donald Trump or Kamala Harris, even with the scamming, you wanna be Donald Trump. This is best case scenario right now in Pennsylvania. I mean, if you had asked me, you know, if I could dare to dream where we would be in Pennsylvania at this hour of this night, and someone said, you know, look At Wisconsin too, 50 to 47, it's 50.7 to 47.8. So effectively a three point difference in Wisconsin with 65% of the vote. I mean, we're at the point now where honestly, even if she were to magically pull Pennsylvania out of her ass, I mean, if he pulls Wisconsin and Arizona and, and maybe in Nevada, it, it still doesn't work out for her.


I mean, she needed North Carolina or Georgia. Right? The issue is Arizona is probably the ultimate wild card in terms of hijinks that they can play. There has been nothing but corruption in Arizona now for eight years. And what's come out of Stephen Richer and Bill Gates and that and that crew, the fact that they pre-announce it would take 10 to 13 days to count Maricopa County, two weeks for the same, the the exact same place that had so many problems before. I, I would not feel comfortable going to sleep tonight if, if all it takes is Trump to convert a large lead in Arizona, because that's the one place that I think is, is so corrupt and, and so hard to get accountability for Because.


they had a state attorney general's race, which was razor or close. It was literally within a couple hundred votes. And that new State Attorney General took that couple hundred vote mandate, I think it was the closest race in Arizona history and began mass prosecuting, you know, all Trump political allies in the state on mass. And so, you know, I I don't wanna leave it to Arizona. I would say, you know, if the more, the closer it gets to locking in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, the the more bubbly we'll be able to pop. you know, that, that at night's end. I, I'm, again, I I'm just kind of wondering, Avita looking at this.


Well, I mean, what, what state, where, where is she overperforming? I mean, it, it doesn't seem like it's anywhere at this point. I mean, it looks like she, I mean, what is Michigan looking good for her? It looks like she's gonna sweep all, I mean, this early on looks like she's sweeping the swing states. And my question is, what was with all the polls, all these polls were saying it was so close and that she was actually ahead in some of these states. And now that appears to be not true at all. So what happened? I, I'm so confused. I think the biggest polling miss was clearly Florida again. Yeah. Where they were like Oh. yeah, you know, Trump by two or three, it's a Trump-like double digit blowout. But I mean, we, we've got a data set. I'm a data guy. Trump outran the polls nine points in 20 16, 5 points in 2020.


And even the New York Times, Nate Cohen, the pollster was saying, Hey, we may have made some of the same mistakes again. I mean, is this like the end of the polling industry? And I, this turns out to be an electoral college landslide? Well, Nate Cohn said that they had a plus 16%, 16 point where they could reach white Democrats but couldn't reach white Republicans. Because, they just were not answering the calls, they were not responding to the survey. So he knew right there, and he said that they tried to make up for that huge gap. Did they do it? I I don't know, the last New York Times polls, they could be kind of close if this is, you know, two or three points. But the thing is, it doesn't look like the polls were accurate anywhere.


Like look at the Ted Cruz race. They said this thing is neck and neck, right? Communist Colin Allred, who's got 53, 44, 53 0.9. So was it 10 point victory? Like it doesn't look like it was even close. And I mean, at what point do you just say to yourself like, man, we just can't poll Donald Trump. Like there's, I mean, the midterms, the midterms they did okay, wasn't great. Right? But this, I mean, this is just such a huge miss. You gotta wonder at what point, like anyone's gonna take the, the Ann Seltzer poll out of Iowa right now, Mike. It looks like a freaking psyop. I mean, are you kidding me? Well, but that is sort of the purpose of some polls is to, is to prime people for their perceptions in order to convert that into some political action.


Like I do think polls propping up Harris were designed to make it look like a Trump victory in, on, on Election Night tonight would be illegitimate and that something was wrong. 'cause everyone was expecting a Harris victory. So I do think they were padding it in connection with potential avenues to challenge the legitimacy of the, of the vote. For example, they used the close, the close margins in 2016 to say that Russia tipped, you know, Wisconsin and Michigan because of how close they were and, and that Hillary Clinton was projected to win. And so Because, they were expecting a Clinton win. And that sort of gave more legitimacy in the eyes of the public to the idea that Trump didn't really win at Fair and Square.


So I think that is part of the strategy of some of these politically biased polling places. But where are we in Virginia right now? Has that been called yet or is that They called, They called it a while ago. But then Jim sent me a note here saying that they were, there was a discussion about Unca Virginia. It is right here, according to Eric Daughtry, Virginia called for Harris, New Hampshire called for Harris. But apparently there was some discussion about unca it. Okay, listen, I don't think Trump's gonna win Virginia. Right? The point is that Virginia's even remotely competitive. How do you sell me on the idea that Kamala Harris is gonna win Michigan and Wisconsin when she's down three or four points with three quarters of the voting?


I mean, it doesn't even make any kind of mathematical sense at that point, Right? I only bring it up because Virginia is a, you know, sort of a swing state. Glenn Youngen did win the, you know, the Republican governorship there. And so her securing Virginia would show some pockets, you know, that they could, you know, present her potentially over performing in or capturing in. And, but it, it all comes down to Pennsylvania, Wisconsin at this point, basically. I Mean, Trump headquarters looks really exciting. I mean, they, yeah, they, they look like they're with the Kamala Harris, I don't even know if you can call it headquarters at Howard University. It looks like it's like a funeral or something like that. I mean, they gotta be feeling good. The Trump internals have been amazing for the last few days.


I know that. I've heard it from them, but with him up And I, I'm just, I gotta get the Michigan numbers and the Virginia numbers if I look at that. But Wisconsin, Virginia, 95% reporting a hundred thousand gap. Yeah, between the 200,000, it's over 50 to 47. So that great. So 50 to 47, I mean, Mike, this should have been, I Think it was 10, 10, 11 points for Biden in 2020. Yes. Huge. Should have been. That's huge. An easy eight point win. But Michigan's slowly bringing in their results. They've got 37% reporting. So Trump 48, she's at 49. But it's still too, too Soonly a push right now. Yeah, but look, the H HDI now 67% in, in Wisconsin folks, the Seneca's up 49 40 for a long time.


That is fantastic. 49, 48, Eric Hdy. We've already effectively taken the Senate. Donald Trump wins, we've really taken the Senate. But if We can pull that HD race, in addition to Bernie Moreno and the Sheehy race in Montana, they're in a world of trouble. So guys, thanks a lot for your commentary. Enjoy yourselves. I know I've been wearing out your vocal chords, but you've been absolutely amazing. You've been tearing it up. The Rumble chat absolutely loves you guys. Great. I'm so glad I had you on tonight. Thanks for having me. So, Mike, Bens Julie Kelly, thanks a lot. Thanks Anita. Really appreciate it. Thanks everybody. A round of applause from Mike Bens and Julie Kelly, do the best guess in the business. We really appreciate it.


Hey, does are we, do you guys still wanna do, wait, Arizona, 49.7 Trump, 49.5. Kamala Harris, still obviously way too early to call there Wisconsin, getting away from Kamala Harris by the minute 50.9 and now 47.6. Donald Trump, it. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, again, I'm running outta runways in this airport for her to land to take this plane off and where she looks like the next president of the United States. Did you guys wanna do the crossover with Steve? Justin? Oh, he's out. He said is the next, they, they've given up the tech side of that.


They're like, okay, we've had enough. So we're obviously gonna keep our eye on Pennsylvania. We're gonna keep our eye on Wisconsin, we'll keep our eye on Michigan. We may have a call from Michigan at some point tonight. Not really sure about what's gonna go on there, how close it is, if it's gonna be some kind of recount or whatever. We're used to the shenanigans. But you're in the betting markets right now. They're looking 88, 90% Donald Trump, where people are putting their own money down. How many folks in the, Chad, you guys enjoying this tonight? I've been having way too much of a good time, especially with this tequila next to me. I'm actually stunned. We still have 460,000 people watching this street. That is that Jim, I need some updates, man.


I Every, nobody's reporting and they're slow. They're like, I know everything's stagnant. I know, but wait, Pennsylvania 51 47 still in Pennsylvania. I know. Look at you. My buddy Mike's, he's looking at all Jack. It's the cold plunge. That's what you're doing. Two to Eight, right? Oh, unknown. So the betting markets folks, oh wow. Calie betting markets, 92% now people putting their money down. You basically have to bet like a hundred thousand dollars to win like a penny at this point. 92% Donald Trump, 8% Kamala Harris, where people are putting their own skin in the game. That's all I want to hear about. Again, Colorado called for Donald Trump, Pennsylvania, I don't know.


We'll see what happens. But folks, Trump won Dearborn, Michigan by 30. No he didn't. It says this is Eric d. So Eric Daughtry update from Florida Voice. The news is Eric Daughtry Dearborn Michigan, a place he should have gotten crushed in Donald Trump. He won by what it Says, Trump 45 Stein. 33 Harris. 15. Wow. Folks. That is an enormous, enormous problem going into Michigan on Election. Night. Wait, where's the pop Breaking from? Fox Harris came Harris campaign no longer speaking to media. Let's go. Wow.


And in the greatest sign of all, wait, that headline's, two years old. That's actually a good point. Two months old. Jim Said, breaking news, the Kamala Harris campaign is no longer talking to the media. And Ben's brought up a good point that headline's from three and a half years ago, where Kamala has never spoken to the media ever. Folks, listen, I'm just gonna tell you tonight, if this thing keeps going the direction it's going now outside of some drastic, drastic, seismic punctuated equilibrium type moment where species are getting wiped out, this thing is gonna be a really good night. And I. I I, I'd go to sleep tonight.


Feeling really good. I think you're gonna wake up tomorrow. And I. See, very few scenarios by which, you know, we're gonna be able to, we're, we're not, we're not I don know. Any other way to say it. This, I just don't wanna get ahead of myself, but this thing really just looks absolutely incredible. So we'll stay on the air for you for a little bit longer. We'll keep an eye on Pennsylvania, maybe another update or so. But to all the 400,000 people who hung with us the entire night, 500,001 point, you know, we deeply appreciate it. Make sure you follow Mike Benz. What do you got there? It looks like they called Georgia. Georgia. Who called Georgia the decision how Decision desk. Yes. We called Georgia a long time ago. Just, you know, because we are Trust Oh.


yeah, Oh. yeah. We called Georgia like probably three hours ago 'cause we saw the writing on the wall with all our friends. But I, I just saw, want you to give Mike a follow. He's at, what is it, Mike Ben at Mike Ben Cyber. Yeah. At Mike Ben Cyber. Julie. Kelly has an amazing substack. They've been incredible guests for us tonight. Really appreciate their time. We had Adam Gillette here from Accuracy and Media. He was absolutely amazing. Really appreciate that. And Savanah Hernandez, she has her own show on Rumble at Sav says, really incredible work. Let's, we have a popular vote count. Jim, any idea where it is so far? Because this is the mandate I'm looking for. If We can get a mandate, like a popular vote mandate, then they're genuinely effed.


Because the whole narrative that, oh, you guys are all stupid fascist Nazis kind of wears itself out at 51% of the country. When, oh, look at the Harris headquarters. Holy shit. Someone passed. Did they pass Xanax out over there or what? That looks, they look like they're gonna, oh my gosh, it's reminding me of Hillary. What's that 5 million, 5 million on the popular vote Estimate is, he'll win it by 1%. The New York Times, the New York Times is suggesting that Trump could win the popular vote by 1%. Man, that is the biggest kick in the balls for the mainstream media I've ever seen.


That also makes it much harder for them to organize pro-democracy protests, because the linchpin of those protests were going to be that it's the will of the people reflected by the popular vote. So the, all the slogans associated with the illegitimacy of an electoral college victory do not work if the popular vote official record is for Trump. Well, folks, I, I don't think we're gonna get an official call on the election tonight. I'm gonna make the Dan Bonino unofficial call this motherfucker's over. Okay? I'm sorry. Donald Trump is going be the next president-elect of the United States. I don't see, I'm just basing on data. I don't wanna be an an ass about it.


I'm just telling you like there's, she's run out of runway to take this plane off. The minority vote came in and the exit polling, even if it's off by 5%, it's so catastrophically bad. She doesn't have the bullpen assets to bring in people to close out the game. She's got the third baseman like Wade Boggs when he came in to pitch the game. There's nobody left. So I'm gonna tell you my humble opinion haven't followed politics for a long time. you know, I'm, I'm gonna tell you if I'm wrong, I'll eat paper 'cause I don't eat paper. But I sincerely doubt I'm wrong. I am almost positive at this point. I went from very good to amazing to 99% sure Donald Trump's gonna be tequila And I didn't even finish the last shot.


'cause I wanted to be somewhat sober getting off the air. But I really believe that this thing is that she just doesn't have a lot of avenue left with the Wisconsin numbers are horrible. The Michigan numbers will hold off on for now. The Arizona numbers don't look good. And Donald Trump was never trailing an entire state. So I'll get some final words from each view. And again, a deep appreciation for all of you to spend the night with us. 500,000 people. Avita, you're kind of the skeptic in the group. I appreciate that. How are you feeling at the end of the night? No, I'm feeling really good. And I. It was, it was so amazing to be here to be reacting live. I'm, I was reflecting today about where we were, I think in the beginning of the primaries, you know, when there was all this energy around DeSantis, And, I don't, not like DeSantis, but it felt like Trump was abandoned by a lot of people.


you know, after, after 2020 you had him booted off all these platforms. You had even the political right sort of letting him go. And And I had just felt like he really made the most amazing comeback that I think we've ever seen in political history. Abandoned by his own party, you know, cast out by the media, thrown off of all the platforms. And he came back in a really amazing way. Some final thoughts. Yeah. So right now I'm thinking of Jack Smith special counsel Jack Smith envisioning his face as he knows Donald Trump is gonna win. And not only those indictments will go away, but probably an investigation into the Special council's office and Jack Smith going down. Thank you Donald Trump for all that you've done, all your energy and your hard work and everything that you've gone through.


But the, the thought of Jack Smith's face when he will go down, is just one of the biggest losers in DO J's history, which is where he should be. And let's hope that there's some recriminations for what he's done to Donald Trump, his family. And this entire DOJ again to 1,564 J six defendants. This DOJ is a criminal enterprise. And I it ha and it will stop on January 20th, 2025. Some Final thoughts, Mike. This Night is for the January 6th political prisoners. This night is for Rudy Giuliani. This night is for John Eastman. This night is for Jeff Clark. This night is for Steve Bannon.


This night is for Donald Trump, and this is for all of us who have an opportunity to turn this country around. We are as best positioned as we possibly could be right now to take this thing home, God willing and no, but no matter what, after you have your champagne, if things go the way they're trending, you have to be, you have to be completely active for the next two months. It is not until Donald Trump is sworn into office, that We can take any foot off of a, off of a gas pedal. And frankly, the flight will begin anew at that point. But the fact is, is these people will, may end up trying every trick in the book. Legal, cultural, you know, financial, they may put pressure on the social media companies.


But everything that is done in the next 24 to 48 hours to make your voice as loud as humanly possible improves the perceptions of legitimacy in the public eye, which we know are true, but which the media will lie to everyone so that they don't believe what six inches in front of their face. Donald Trump is looking like he's on his way to victory. And we need that projected on every jumbotron, on every screen, the world over until that man is sworn into office. Folks, I wanna thank you all. I wanna thank everybody who showed up tonight. I wanna thank our amazing sponsors. We've got miles from Brick House Nutrition. We've got Don from Jacked Up Fitness. We got Ryan from American Financing.


Who else? I'm forgetting someone here. Who else? There was someone else who showed up tonight. Who? Wait, Anita. Oh, we got Blackout Coffee. John Santos. And I. Wanna introduce you to someone very famous in the chat. Come on over, Anita, say hello. This is the famous Anita McGrain from the groin crew, otherwise known. Her real name is Andrea. Yes, she has done a great job helping moderate our chat. We love it. Thank you so much for all the hard work you done. This, bonino, army This, bonino army is real. 500,000 people. You guys brought it. Thank you so much for coming. I love your hat too, by the way. Oh, thank you. You guys are terrific. And. I made that. Thank a couple more thank yous. Thank you to my wife Paula for putting this thing together.


Thank you to my production. She's amazing. Yeah, she's out there somewhere. Thank you. Thank you to my production crew. Yes. So Justin, big hat tip for Justin. Yes. From Michael and for Gee. And then producer Jim and Mike, who did an amazing job. My co-host, Evita Duffy of the absolutely fantastic early edition with Avita, who knows? Absolutely went to say she always has to. She, me and her just feed for perfectly of each other. And then to Mike Bens, Julie, Kelly, Savanah Hernandez, Adam Gillette, Steve Crowder, and to Kyle G. Who hosted yes at OK Ember.


Kyle. s like, you don't have to go home, but you can. Thank you very much guys. I, love you all. It's been a great night. Let's here for Dan. But I told you. I told you we'd stayed 1130. It's 1140. I'm telling you, you're gonna wake up tomorrow. Very happy. Go to sleep tonight. Very happy. There's no runway. Thanks for tuning into Bonino Army. Love you guys. See you on the podcast tomorrow at 11:00 AM slightly hungover. See you then man. Thank you guys.


You just heard The, Dan, Bongino, Show.