
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Now this Sunday special, it's a celebration and a special one. It's our election victory special. And you should enjoy every minute of this. Screw those lefties. They call this Nazis, fascists, racist, all this bs. Now it's time for you to celebrate and stick it to 'em. We have some great interviews today, breaking down what happened during the week. But first, let's hear from our first sponsor.


Lumen is one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath, and on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and stress management. Listen, I'm into life hacks, you know I love them and this is easy to use. You simply breathe into the lumen first thing in the morning. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fats or carbs based on these insights. Lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for the day. You could also use Lumen before or after workouts and after meals to get real time updates on your body's metabolic state. Keeping you on top of your wellness game. I've been using Lumen. It's been a game changer for me, thanks to Lumen for giving this to me. I really appreciate, it helps me understand my metabolism better and I've made a lot of smarter daily choices. So if you wanna stay on track with helping your body and your health this holiday season, go to lumen.me/bonino to get 15% off. Lumen. That's LUME n.me/bonino for 15% off your purchase. Lumen makes a great gift too. Thanks Lumen for sponsoring this episode. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


First up today we talked with a really terrific spot on election analyst. I could say that even more conclusively after the election, his predictions came true. His name's Eric Dougherty, one of the best analysts in the country about exactly what happened in each state. You're gonna wanna listen to this in, so we had this gentleman on the other day and I've really come to enjoy his commentary on, on Twitter, and it turns out some of his predictions. Matter of fact, most of them were absolutely spot on. His political analyst works with Florida Voice News does a great job. Eric Dougherty. Eric, welcome back to the show. Thanks for joining us the day after a momentous election day. Thanks for your time. Hey Dan, I'm just glad that we finally had an election night.


It's way different from 2020. Everything went just as I expected, as you mentioned. And yeah, it's definitely a good day. What was, you can follow him by the way. On X, he's at Eric with ACL daw, short for Daughty, D-A-U-G-H. Give him a follow. Great guy. Eric, what was your biggest surprise last night? I mean, I shouldn't say you actually predicted most of it, so maybe there weren't any. But what was the one thing that kind of left you scratch in your head a little bit where you thought, man, I I, I maybe didn't see that one coming? Well, first of all, all the surprises went in Donald Trump's direction. There was no surprise against him.


I can kinda walk through some, some of the surprises, I guess some of them may not be so surprising. Obviously Florida, we were getting drops early and that was kind of some of the only results we had early on in the night. And I expected Trump to win Florida. but I, I was watching, and I believe you and I discussed this before the election, I was watching some of these counties like Duval up in Jacksonville and the Tampa Bay area. And I kept saying, I said, even though Florida swung to the right last election, those counties went left. And I said, these are suburb counties. These are more urban counties. And Trump was blowing them out. He was winning them. He won Miami Dade by 11 points.


And I said, I said, no, Republican has won Miami Dade without the presidency. That has panned out. So not so much of a surprise, but he was just blowing Florida out of the water. but I think the big one, and this really threw a lot of people for a loop. I'm not sure if you were following this Dan, but we got a drop out of Loudoun County, Virginia. It's I think the richest county in the United States. Very college educated. And I think it was like a nine point shift. It was like 95% reporting Trump plus nine from 2020 when that happened. Wow. That was the moment. And this was early in the night. Mind you, this was like, I think 8, 8 30, it was something like that.


Everyone saw that X was blowing up. Everyone was like, yeah, if Trump is swinging this county by nine points, he probably has just won this election. The other surprising thing a little bit later in the night, this was after Trump was already clearly gonna win New Jersey. I don't know if you were paying attention to New Jersey. you Know why, Eric, you know, I don't mean to interrupt you You know why I was paying attention to New Jersey. 'cause you were telling producer Jim, pay attention to New Jersey. That's why we were Go ahead. That's why we were paying attention. Go ahead. Yeah. New Jersey current results is only Harris plus five. Can you believe that Harris plus five, she's supposed to win it by 5.4 points.


That, again, that was a double digit win for Biden comfortably. And we're kind of seeing a bit of a realignment happening now. One thing that I would like to touch on that was not so much of a surprise was Virginia, the early vote, we didn't have party, we didn't have the party data. We had a, we had modeling, but the turnout in the rural areas were high. And, and, and what the belief was is Trump was gonna get his 2016 Virginia. Therefore that would bode well for North Carolina and Pennsylvania. So not so much a a surprise there, but I think just seeing it pan out, seeing that drop come in for Trump in, in Loudoun County, the the richest county in the United States, a county, you would think if Harris was doing so well among, you know, white suburbanites would not swing double digits to Trump.


I think that might have been one of the most decisive moments of the night. Eric, I'm gonna tell you, Florida voice news is lucky to have you. So you ever need a job, you come, you're a, I'm going back, keep looking through your Twitter feed, man. You were spot on. You were you pretty much accurately called some others did too, but very few that Nevada was gonna be competitive. And a lot of people, even friends of mine who are really good pollsters said, ah, the Democrat machine is really, really strong in Nevada. I'm not so sure. But when nothing's really definitive in Nevada yet, we got, I'm gonna get to Sam Brown there in a second. 'cause that's important. But you, you nailed that.


Was it the early voting numbers or what was it about Nevada Clark County? Well, nationwide, it was the early vote. But looking at Nevada, it was kind of puzzling that John Ralston predicted. I mean, of course his prediction was a 0.3 point Harris win, which I guess is effectively a tie. I mean, you would be waiting probably a week to, to find that out. So it it, it wasn't necessarily that, but all of the early voting analysis was, this is really bad for Democrats. The GOP had a firewall of 40,000 votes heading into the election and there was a blip on election day where Clark County Dems were slightly outvoting Republicans.


And that kind of spooked a lot of people's chances for Trump in Nevada. But about half an hour later, the rurals came in. Again, just as many of us were saying the roles came in and GOP expanded its lead. And I think it was clear that if that, when you were looking at this early voting data, the GOP just had a firewall there. It's a change election. There's no way she was gonna thrash with independent voters no matter what some of the polls said. And You know, lo and behold, we have 92% in it looks like, but Trump is up by around 60,000 voters. And that kind of checks out with the turnout advantage the GOP had. So I think the big thing was some of the polling we had before Harris got in, obviously once she got in, you had a lot of response bias.


She had that honeymoon period. So that kind of, I think tainted polling for the remainder of the election. But early voting was, was another big one. And it looks like that panned out to be true, Man. Eric, I don't know how I found you. I think it was my buddy Drew Steele was retweeting you. I follow and I, it's like this is one of the best find on Twitter, your account I've ever had. He's at, at, at eric l do shot for darty. Your your, your analysis. I'm scrolling back, has just been so incredible. And last night our show we had called North Carolina and Georgia way before a lot of the networks and we did it based on you and a few other people we were talking to. You had noticed really early North Carolina and Georgia.


I mean, I think it was almost like by eight o'clock we're outta reach and networks were waiting for like 10 o'clock. What, what did you see there? Was it, was it exit polling? Was it exit polling combined with, with early voting data? Was it the minority vote that wasn't panning out for Kamala? What'd you see there? Yeah, I mean it was pretty much all of it we were getting, and here's the thing about how, how these elections fall. I was looking at the, the New York Times needle throughout the night, which panned out to be pretty accurate. So that was something that I was looking at and it's kind of puzzling because a lot of the networks were really holding out. And I know that, you know, every network ha has its own way of doing things. But, but what I noticed is, yeah, a lot of these analysts on X were calling these races, you know, very, these very small analysts relative to cable news, were calling these races early.


And the reason for that is it's pretty, you know, simple to know once you have the data where the vote's coming from, she was just underperforming. They were dropping these mail-in ballots. I, when, when a lot of the Atlanta metro area started coming in. We didn't have the the worlds yet. It's like, this is obvious. It's done. Yeah, Pennsylvania. Oh no, that's right. When, when, Yeah, when Pittsburgh came in, she underperformed the mail by I think 10 to 20 points. And it was weird because a lot of Democrats were like, whoa, she won the mail. You know, 70 30. It's like Biden won that like 75, 25, that's a 10 point shift or, or or whatever the exact nu number was. So once we got these early vote drops, it was just the, the writing was on the wall.


And yeah, I definitely couldn't do it alone. There were a lot of other analysts on x you know, posting about it. but I think it was a team effort. And this is a big win, I think for independent journalism in covering this election. Oh My gosh. Huge wins. Seth Kesel. Others. You're right. I'm, I'm, you're a very humble guy. Of course. It wasn't just, you know, I said that today too. You know a lot of us with microphones and radio shows, people are thanking us. And believe me, I deeply appreciate it. But folks, this was the Scott Presler, the, the, the independent journalists out there. I mean, hundreds of thousands of people contributed to this massive effort. So you've been following politics for a long time over at Florida Voice News. We're talking to Eric Dougherty. Give me your take now and it's a day to celebrate for me, I'm not a a journalist, I'm an opinion guy.


I obviously last night for me was probably one of the greatest nights of my life outside of my marriage, birth of my kids. And that time I hit a triple in that game at Lincoln High School in New York. This was it. But a as a guy who studies the data, I'm feeling good about the McCormick Senate race in Pennsylvania. I'm feeling pretty good about that. That could be I think 53 for us. I, I feel okay about Brown. I'm a little worried about Hvd and, and Rogers in Michigan on the Senate side. How are you feeling about those races? Is there a possibility? We get to 55 or 56? 'cause we're, we're at 52 right now, so we, the Senate is won for the Republicans.


Yeah. So Wisconsin is, is gone. That was called by decision desk for, for for Baldwin, I think ear earlier this morning. So that, that's been called. but I did speak to one of the networks who is responsible for calling these races and they think that a call from McCormick is imminent probably today. So I would keep your eye on that. That is definitely the best race that we are seeing right now for Republicans. And I think what I'll put them at 53 and then Nevada, as you said, that is probably the next best. It's looking like we're gonna have to wait for their mail-in ballots to come in because it's so close.


I think that is a genuine 50 50. There is no way to know right now where that race is going. There are rural votes out, there are Clark County Mail votes out. So we're just gonna be waiting on that. Michigan I think is a little bit of a lean Slotkin, the Democrat there. I think she probably has the upper hand, probably 60% chance of winning there. But you know, you can't win them all. 53, 54 is still way above expectations. And yeah, I think that Pennsylvania is probably gonna be the most likely next pickup for the GOP. You know, Eric, we're talking to Eric Dougherty from Florida Voice News. I'm, I'm kind of stunned because I, I actually raided McCormick's the, the least likely for us to win.


He ran a great campaign. He just did, I mean Bob Casey, but he was running against an empire. I mean the Casey last name. Yeah. you know, it's like running against like Mike Tyson in the boxing Grammy. You're talking about a a, a guy who just crushed it. That, that last name mean meant so much. I I, I kind of was leaning down h for HD for being kind of the biggest upset that day with me too, with Brown being kind of third tier. So it's kind of shocking to see McCormick right now, the one in the, in the lead. But we did win the Senate. I mean Montana was, was, that thing was over months ago. West Virginia was a fade accompli, they called it about five minutes in. Now before I let you roll the house, how are you feeling about the house?


I'm feeling very positive we're gonna hold it, but do you think it's hold, hold and add a few seats, hold and lose a few seats or Republicans, God forbid, lose it. Well, this, this is developing moments ago, but decision desk has raised the GOP's house odds in the house to 95%. So you don't really get much higher than that. I think it's a foregone conclusion that Donald Trump will have a trifecta, at least according to decision desk. And their projection is 223 house seats for the Republicans. So wow, they are gonna have, that's important. A Yep. And they're gonna have a, a majority, a majority of looks like 11 seats.


So you have a, a slight cushion, but a, a majority nonetheless. I think it's, I think that these republicans, you know, after 2016 and 2020, the GOP had a bit of a cleansing, a lot, a lot more MAGA Republicans. So-called, have entered the party. I think that they're ready to cooperate. Obviously 2017 to 2019. We remember what happened with Paul Ryan and, and Mitch McConnell. So I think that we're not gonna see that again. I think that these house Republicans and senators are ready to play ball and as of right now, it looks like the house will go to the GOP. I think what you just mentioned is really important from a political tactics perspective.


If they don't have the buffer, there's always a few holdouts who will use their seed as leverage for something. And to have that buffer, you can have three or four people say, you know, I'm gonna take my ball and not play in the sandbox. And it doesn't matter. You've still got eight other to play with. And on the Senate side, you've got the Murkowski, Susan Collins You know tho those two are always trouble for conservative stuff. So now if we were to get to 54, not that it doesn't matter, we'd rather have 'em on board, but they don't have, they just don't have any leverage by simple math. Eric, listen man, thanks a lot. We appreciate all your commentary. Give this guy a follow on x, it's at Eric with A-C-L-D-A-U-G-H. Tell him the Dan Bongino Show sent you.


Thanks a lot for your commentary. You've been excellent. Your predictions were pretty much spot on. Thanks for your time. All right, Dan, thank you. You got it. Go look at his timeline, guy like, nailed it. So I'm trying to bring you the best analyst. I go scour the internet for these people. How I find them, I don't know. He's got a, a big file following in and of himself. He didn't need me. but I, I, I want people who are acting coming up another great interview, but let's hear from our next sponsor.


Are you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about being tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a really bad toll on your body. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon with Beams Dream Powder. Well, they sent me some and it's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we could be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws outweigh And Beam can help you out. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Beam's Dream Powder contains a powerful all natural blend of rei, magnesium, altheine, agen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. There's never been a better time to finally try Dream Shop their cyber sale and get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. You've been hearing me rave about Dream all year, but this is your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over today to shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off


Up. next, we talked to Sean Davis, one of our favorite guests on the show about the meltdown on the left and what we can look forward to when Trump takes over. Listen and the hits just keep on coming. What do you mean the hits Mike like a dj? No, we're not playing top 40 here. The state of Michigan is now fallen for the Democrats in the Donald Trump category as it is now being called for Donald Trump. Are they ever gonna get some good news after last night? Let's hope not. 'cause you don't want good news to happen to bad people. You want bad news from bad people. 'cause if they get good news, it means they're doing bad things.


I wanna welcome to the show, one of our favorite commentators. The federalist.com is where you should go for your news is one of Sean Davis' projects. It's fantastic. Sean Davis, welcome to the show. What a day today my brother. God bless America. What a day. Yeah, we are so back. We are so back You. know guys like you and me have been waiting for this day now for four years, getting kicked in the nuts over and over again. Censorship, lawfare, ridiculous bankruptcy civil suits against our candidates calling us Nazis, racist, fascist garbage, deplorables, rednecks, whatever name you could think of, fly over country, all this ever crap. But Sean, I think the most important story to come out of last night is not just the Donald Trump victory, obviously critical and important.


It is the fact that he is likely now to dominate in a popular vote. And every single BS media narrative they were gonna pitch about, oh, well, at least half the country rebuked this is now in the can. They were gonna look like absolute morons in the days going forward. They, they were, they were hoping they could rig it again, obviously. And in the absence of that, they were hoping to make it so painful during a close process. They were wanting to reproduce Florida in 2000, across seven different states. That's clearly what they were angling for. They were getting their shock troops ready in cities around the country, which is why you saw in DC plywood going up over businesses everywhere.


And they get to have none of it because they were crushed. And in my view, it's the, the most important landslide in modern American history. Everyone points to 1984. That was great. you know, just looking at numbers, it was bigger. But given what's happened in this country and given the makeup of the country today, what Donald Trump accomplished in this election is the biggest, most impressive comeback in American political history. History. A and we're talking to Sean Davis from the Federalist. And, and Sean, you are correct that that was a different time back then. You and I know I was young, I was only 10, so I'm not gonna pretend there was some deep political analyst in the 1984 election.


However, being involved in politics, you know, you read about it. I, I vaguely remember it, but it was a different time back then. You didn't have, the Democrat party was not as psychotic as it is now that, you know, there were pro-America, pro-life Democrats that existed back then. You don't really find that on Capitol Hill anyway. You may find it locally, but you certainly don't find electeds up on Capitol Hill anymore. It was a different time. So your assertion there, I believe is accurate, that this is almost an even more impressive electoral, college popular vote landslide given the dynamics we are working with. Because there's no story for them, Sean. They can't say, well, at least we did better with minority voters. Nah, well, at least we did better with Hispanic.


Well at least we did better with, well, that didn't work. At least we did better with Young vote. Well, that didn't work. They have, there is not a single piece of good news for them to take from this election last night. No, it's bad news across the board for them. And, and to the, the Mediaite and media matters trolls who watch your show looking for clips, I'm gonna speak to them right now. The true bad news for them is had they not tried to engineer a pandemic to steal an election, had they not done all the rigging, had they just accepted that Donald Trump was gonna win in 2020, he would be walking out the door right now. But instead they impeached him. They tried to bankrupt him, they tried to imprison him, they tried to kill him, and he's coming back and we get four more years of him with him having the full knowledge of everything they tried to do to him if they thought the last four years with Trump, were gonna be bad.


They better, they better buckle up because this new Trump coming out is going to be absolutely spectacular. And they only have themselves to blame and we need to rub their noses in their own mess about that from now until eternity. Yeah, I mean, I saw a bunch of calls today from a bunch of swampy and they're like, oh, it's the time for unity and You know what, listen man, if this was the, maybe the tip O'Neal days, which of course are a little exaggerated, but you know, you get the point. Maybe so, but I, I don't understand why you unity for what I mean, one, I'm not for unity for Unity's sake. I mean, if there was unity, 'cause we would get some bill passed that would You know, leave my kids a more prosperous country.


Fantastic. But how do you unify? I don't understand with people who, I mean in, in literal sense, call this Nazis and garbage. I mean this what you want me to go in and sit down and, and and, and have a, have a beer with him? I mean, sit, sit, have a corona with lime. I mean, what are you crazy? These people call this like serial killers. I mean Nazis, you know what the Nazis did? They believe this stuff. So I mean, you can take a big seat with the unity talk today. I'm sorry. No, there will, there will be no unity until there's been accountability and a reckoning. Okay? These people tried to destroy my business. They got the government globally to try and censor us and destroy us and shut us down. The president of the United States called us garbage.


They've spent years calling us Nazis, trying to ruin our lives. They tried to get us fired for not taking shots. They left Americans to die in Afghanistan. If you think there's gonna be unity after that nonsense, you've got another thing coming. There will be no unity until they get in line and until after there's been accountability and reckoning for their behavior. And, and there's a tactical reason, Sean, I, you know, I can I get how a lot of like the goofball media, eye clowns, you know, the Kolby halls of the world, whatever his name, all these clowns, they're out there. Oh my gosh, this isn't an emotional thing. Well, it's emotional. They won. It's that if there's no reckoning for all of the stuff they did, that most of it was actually illegal.


Not just morally Republic repugnant. A lot of the stuff they did was in violation of the First Amendment. Some of the stuff they did, weaponizing government to lock people up on made up charges is actually illegal. If nothing happens moving forward, it's assumed that there's kind of a soft imprimatur on it. Like, oh, well this was just, okay. There has to be some reckoning, like you said, where people go, you know what? We did all that. We got screwed. Trump won anyway, and now we're under investigation. Maybe it wasn't worth it. Because if you're expecting any sense of moral self-reflection, you are outta your mind. They're already making up narratives like, oh, this was racism and all this other crap.


Yeah, it, it, it, it, there has to be a reckoning. And it's not personal, it's just business. But you and I talked about this years ago after the Russia collusion hoax collapsed. We both said, people have to go to prison for that. There have to be consequences or it's gonna happen again. And not only did it happen again, they juiced it up with steroids and ran it 10 different times over. And one instance that nearly led to the president being murdered on live television. So no, there's absolutely going to be accountability. And it's not personal. It's not emotional, it's business. These people can be nowhere near the levers of power ever again because they've made clear they would rather burn this country to the ground than have a country that they're not in charge of.


Yeah, we're talking to Sean Davis from the Federalist. Please give him a follow. SEAN Sean. Worth your time. Sean. I don't think it's a stretch to say that one of the most pivotal moments in modern American history with regards to God-given rights and enshrined in our Bill of Rights was Elon Musk's purchase of X. Listen, I I, Donald Trump may, I can't prove a counterfactual he may have won without, with, with Jack's ex rather than Elon's ex. I don't know. It didn't happen. We had Elon's, I'm just telling you, if I'm a betting man, I bet this election he could've lost and it certainly would've been a whole lot closer for Kamler. Biden. Biden may not even have dropped out. If Elon Musk does not purchase x, the truth on a lot of these matters does not get out there.


And that 17% you guys wrote that article to Federalist in the 2020 election of Biden voters who didn't know about the Hunter Biden laptop, they knew about all the bad stuff this time, thanks to places like the New York Post X, you know, rumble and other outfits out there that decided we're all in on free expression. I, I, I don't think that's a stretch to say that No, Elon Musk, an Amer is an American hero. And I, I think we need to have a Mount Rushmore just for him. The only problem is, I don't think, I, I don't think we're gonna be able to find, I love that mount big enough, given the size of that guy's ball in what he's done. I love that. That is the Jim Sean Davis thinks we should have a Mount Rushmore for Elon Musk balls like that.


You're right. I don't think there, we'd have to find something like in the Himalayas, and that's not, you know, it'd be, dude, that guy, the Guy is a legend for what he did. I it he spent 45 $5 billion to save America and his singular focus. I I think I'm in awe of what he's accomplished and grateful beyond words for what he's done for this country. Oh my gosh. It's really, it's just, it's just staggering. And you have, you have so many people out there that Scott Presler and others who, I mean just really passionately poured their heart into this, talking to Sean Davis from the Federer Sean, last question. Always appreciate your time. Busy day today for you. I'm sure the recriminations on the left are starting already and it's delicious to watch again.


I know shouting for us is not the greatest thing, but I don't really care. You call us Nazis and fascists, you deserve everything you get. But they're already starting. I've got a couple clips coming up after we're done with with you. They're already starting to blame Biden. He got out too late. He got out too soon. Maybe Kamala needed more time. We've only known her for now four years plus her time in the Senate. She's been awful at everything. The, I hate to say it, but I think you and I are thinking the same thing the next few weeks of this, you know, we'll, we'll move, we'll get ready tactically and we'll get our work done in the administration, but we should enjoy this the next few weeks and just let them like eat each other, eat each other alive on the left. Maybe one or two of them will engage in some self-reflection. I doubt it.


But you know, I'll take one or two sane ones in the end if they realize they screwed this thing up. Oh, I'm gonna power every vehicle I own and dine out on liberal tears for the next two months because it's gonna be an unending stream of them. You, you, they're the greatest renewable source on earth right now. I was watching CNN late last night, and they were trying to do like a, a, a post-election autopsy. And all the Democrats agreed it wasn't Kamala's fault, it actually was Joe Biden's fault because he made life hard for her. And I thought, man, when the Biden people wake up and they tell him what happened, the knives are coming out for the Harris people, and I am here for it.


And I cannot wait. I can't either. I'm, I'm sorry, I again, I know I I love Jesus Christ, my Lord and Savior. I love you Jesus. I know morally I should probably like, there's some high road I should take. But when really awful things happen to genuinely awful people who do awful things to others, then there's some kind of math equation where that's a net positive. And the moral arc of history, I'm sure of it. Sean Davis, follow him on x. One of the best followers out there, this dude is a warrior, SEAN, Sean Davis, follow him on X. He's at the Federalist bookmark the page, the Federalist. You're gonna love their stories. They're the best out there. Sean, thanks for your time, brother. Thanks for the fight, man. It's a great day. God bless America, my brother, God bless America.


Thank you, sir. You got it. I love that guy, man. That's, he's really one of the best guests ever. He wants a, what do you think folks? A Mount Rushmore for Elon's Balls. That would be, I, again, I'm not sure we didn't rock big enough, but Elon to Chris over at Rumble to Devin Nunes, we don't wanna leave them outta the conversation and the team over at True Social, you know, for sticking your necks out there for free expression when it wasn't convenient or easy to do. So, man, God bless you guys are amazing.


Here's another interesting interview coming up next, but first, our next sponsor, regular listeners to the show know how passionate I am about encouraging you to support companies that share your values and stop giving money to those that don't. It's a huge issue in healthcare. Big issue. You might be surprised what some are making you pay for procedures that you don't even believe in. And this is a huge reason why Medi-Share is so attractive for people who don't want to use their own healthcare dollars for procedures that might be harmful. Medi-Share is a reliable, affordable healthcare alternative. There are non-profit ministry, it's a community of like-minded Christians, hundreds of thousands of members now, by the way. And they help people save money. Many, many families save around $500 a month, and the member surveys consistently show they like it because it works and they can believe in it. It's time to join. Go to Medi-Share dot com slash bonino, find out how you can access affordable, reliable healthcare and become part of a community you can count on. That's Medi-Share dot com slash bonino. It's MEDI share, SHAR e.com/bonino. Great operation, check him out. Medi-Share dot com slash bonino.


Sean Parnell's an American Patriot, he's a warrior, he's a member of our military, served in combat, and he knows Pennsylvania well. He talked about the ground game plan of Pennsylvania and how we can take this to other states. This is important. We got another election coming up in the midterms. Listen, I try to bring you the best political analysis because it, you know, I, I folks, I obviously, it's, it's, it's just tr I don't know everything. I mean, I, I just, I I don't, I'm, I get paid to speak about politics, but there are people who have a far larger and deeper set of knowledge about very specific states than I do. I I ran in the state of Maryland and Florida. So Pennsylvania politics, I bring in people who know it.


Nobody knows it better than this guy who heard of me the other day. Some of his predictions were absolutely spot on. My good friend Sean Parnell, welcoming back to the show, real American Patriot. Sean, thanks for your time again today. Appreciate it. Oh, man, we did it, man. We won Pennsylvania. We saved America. Dan, I, I haven't slept at all. Still going on no sleep, but I couldn't even sleep if I wanted to. I'm so damn excited. I know I'm reading your text this morning. So I've, I, you, I I, Sean texted me at about, I don't know, eight 30 or so, and as you can hear by my voice, and I think you probably feel the same way. I mean, you were, you're a combat veteran. I I'm not, I was not in the military, my great regret.


But you, you can probably know as I speak to other folks, you know, sometimes you get this massive rush of adrenaline. You've all had it, whether it's combat or even to a much lesser degree, things like sports and stuff, stuff. And you just forget you're tired. I woke up this morning on an actual three hours sleep, you know, in the literal, not figurative sense. And I'm very sleep sensitive, Sean, I'm kind of a Ws, but I gotta tell you, I got up and when you texted me, I, I, I felt like I could run a marathon. I'm not even a runner. I just, this high from last night, I just feel like we put up with all this crap for three and a half years. I feel like we've all been vindicated. Oh, completely. And you talk about time in the military in combat. I, I'm gonna give you the full scoop on how we flipped Pennsylvania.


I haven't talked about it yet, but hey, it doesn't matter. The cat's out, cat's outta the back now. We won, we did it. but I told you that we started this plan 18 months ago. It was after my Senate race. It crashed and burned in Pennsylvania. The system came after me. It was lawfare. It was one of the first victims of Lawfare vindicated. Now. but I knew back then that we had to, to, we had to change tactics in in Pennsylvania, Dan, otherwise we were gonna seed the state to the left for the next a hundred years with this early vote. And the vote by mail stuff, the Dems were killing us. So if you don't shift tactics in combat, you're dead. You know, politics is war just without the bullets.


So you kind of thinking is the same way, way. So we pulled in, you know, got with Dave McCormick before he even decided to run for a second time, and said, look, this plan that I'm trying to put together here is outcome determinative. We absolutely have to do it. And so we started cobbling together, Dan, this constellation of great Republican groups, young staffers, American Patriots, wanted to make a difference. And so the guidance was, Hey look, we're gonna raise gangbuster sums of money because that's just how politics is. It's, you gotta have money to win. But bottom line is loose lips think ships. No one speaks of this.


No one does media. We don't have a media arm. Like why? Because I want the Democrats to think we're a mess. I want the Democrats to get complacent. And guess what? My friend, by the time those requests and returns came in of the early vote and the vote by mail, it was too freaking late. There was nothing that the Democrats could do. They had to turn around and turn out 600 to 700,000 people in, in and around the southeast and Philadelphia area on election day. And I told you yesterday, my question was yes, they could do it, but are they gonna have the muscle memory to do it given that they've gone all in on mail for the last four cycles? And guess what, man? They didn't do it. And so we won this state, we took back the White House, and I'm gonna dedicate my entire life to dismantling the Communist Democrat agenda for the next 200 years in this country.


Sean, you deserve a lot of credit. Guys like you and Scott Presler. I mean, you turn this state around. I say it all the time, Pennsylvania, we're talking to Sean Parnell, real American Patriot here, folks. He's got his own show too. You should check it out. But Pennsylvania had been forfeited for Republicans for so long. It had a, a nickname. Yeah, it was called Fools Gold. I can't say this enough, because we would constantly think it was, oh, we're gonna get it this time. No, it's next time. And Romney, McCain, Bush, Bush, we kept getting smoked and everybody's like, all right, enough, like Pennsylvania's done. It's the new Colorado or whatever. And you know, guys like you and Pressler and McCormick who ran a great campaign for Senate.


Yeah. And other, I mean, forgive me if I'm leaving you, I promise it's not intentional. It's just that, you know, I have a short segment with John. You guys said, no way. There is simply no way a energy state, a a state with hard work. I mean steel, where you have a team called the Steelers. I mean, these are people who work for a living. There is no way they're gonna go for men in the women's room, unrealized capital gains tax, a fenestrated military and anti fracking. Like there was no way that was gonna happen. Exactly. And it turns out last night, brother, last you were vindicated. It wasn't a win, it was a route in Pennsylvania. Yeah. And guess what my friend, I'm telling you right here on this show, this is a, this is a victory and a battle in a much larger political war.


We won this race. But guess what I'm telling you right here on the show, I'm expanding this program, Shapiro and Federman will be the last statewide elected Dems in the state of Pennsylvania. And guess what? We're, we're bringing this program to Wisconsin. We're gonna go to Michigan, then New Jersey and New Hampshire because man, I am tired of the Republican party playing defense all the time and being a speed bump on the way to some communist democrat agenda. We go on offense, we put the Democrats on their heels and we start winning states that the Democrats have toed on. And we will turn this country red for the next a hundred years. Like we are this, I'm not stopping here. Like, I'm so motivated to dismantle. I can Tell this Democrat Party because you texted me at eight o'clock in the morning and I'm like, this guy's asleep.


Like I know you were up until, I'm like, no, no, no. It was cool, brother. I was, I, like I said, I got up at my alarm goes off at 5 45. It doesn't really matter. Yeah, you, I'm one of those guys, you know, guys like this. Like, whether I go to sleep on the weekend after a night at tequila on a date night at two o'clock, I'm still up at 5 45. It's not like I'm trying to, it's just I'm old. Like, stuff just doesn't work anymore. So I know you're not kidding, but this is what I love about military guys. Like you, you know, you, you get Marines and Army guys and you get five paragraph orders, Navy or Air Force guys, you know, they just get a mission and it's like, let's just accomplish it and just stop whining about it. But let me ask you this, the Senate race, it's looking really good. It's, I, I, I don't believe it's been called yet from McCormick. I've been on the air for the last three hours, but it's looking really good.


I gotta tell you, Sean, I had this race at about, I don't know, 30, 40% shot of us winning only because the Casey name, the guy does nothing. He rides his name. That's it. He's got a legacy name. But man McCormick ran a really ridiculous campaign. How is it looking for him? How should we feel about this? First of all, I love Dave McCormick. He ran an absolutely perfect campaign, and I don't say that lightly. Second of all, Dave won that race. It's over. I'm telling you it's over. When this, when the dust settles here, you're gonna see about a 30 to 40,000 vote margin of victory for Dave and the media right now. And the Democrats in Pennsylvania are doing everything that they can.


And this probably goes for all of the, the battleground states where there's a contested Senate seat. They're trying to drag out these down ballot races as long as humanly possible. Maybe get a recount, maybe a Hail Mary miracle to try to minimize the damage in the Senate. And same is true in the house, but McCormick won that race. The media just hasn't called it yet, but you heard it here first. So he's a hundred percent, he's already won that race. Casey does not have a mathematical path to victory. Well, folks, if Sean Parnell is saying it, SEAN Sean, you should follow him on social media. He has his own show as well. Please look it up. You can take it to the bank. Your predictions have been spot on. Sean, again, you being a really good at Pennsylvania analysis, the Kamala Harris campaign in one of the single most, I mean, people should be arrested for political mal, you know where I'm going with this?


I do. It may be the single dumbest political decision we've ever seen. They can't win without Pennsylvania. You've got a sadly, relatively popular governor who's a democrat, who's just like, he's a communist who fakes it well, right, Josh Shapiro. Yeah. But let's be honest, he's a good faker. Unlike, you know, jazz hands, Tim Walls, who's really bad at this. They could have picked him and probably been, I think they still would've lost, but been a little more competitive and no, she shakes him off for jazz hands and winds up getting smoked in Pennsylvania. Worse political decision in modern American history, tactically speaking at the least top five. I completely agree. And I, I have a, a hot take on this. I don't think Josh Shapiro wanted it, number one, because if he's, I don't think he wants Kamala Harris to win number two because if Kamala Harris wins it, like he, he, this guy wants to run for president, right?


And if Kamala Harris wins, that's eight years in the Oval Office for her, right? That means he's out of governor's office two years twiddling his thumbs, doing nothing. My theory is that Jo Josh Shapiro was not moving heaven and earth in Pennsylvania to help Kamala Harris win this thing he wants to run for president. And it's a much easier political path for him to show up on the scene. Oh, look, I'm saving the nation from Trump. you know, I don't agree with that. You don't agree with that, but that's what he's gonna say. And I'm the answer to all this nation's problems. And that's why you should elect me it. Rather, by the way, you don't have to deal with Trump at the top of the ticket, who's the most electrifying political candidate in my lifetime?


So Trump's outta the way Josh Shapiro gets to arrive like some conquering hero Kamala's discarded on the, on the ash ash heap of political history. Doesn't have to worry about her. All he has to worry about is winning in a primary against Gretchen Whitmer. Gavin Newsom, which is a tall order in and of itself, but it's a heck of a lot easier than having to wait eight years of a Kamala Harris presidency. We're talking to Sean Parnell from Pennsylvania. Give him a follow. Sean, it is a brilliant point, and you're right. And I wanna just kind of segue to a similar kind of scenario, I think, and Josh Shapiro obviously voted for Kamala, we get that, but I agree with you. I I don't think politically he wanted her to, I think you were a hundred percent accurate, but I'm expand it a little bit.


I think Joe Biden felt the same way. Someone asked me, how did Joe Biden vote for Trump? No, Joe Biden didn't vote for Trump. But believe me, when I tell you Joe Biden is a narcissistic, like sociopathic type personality, ask anyone who knows him. I know guys on his detail, the joke about Biden is he's the smartest guy in the room. Just ask him. Biden thought he was a transformative FDR figure. He can't believe he got brushed aside for the cackler. Kamala Harris and I, I think I'm, I'm dead serious, as serious as a heart attack. He's waking up today, him and Joe Biden at breakfast going, he told those idiots zero doubt I Com I completely agree. In fact, Joe Biden with cognitive deficits was still a stronger candidate than Kamala Harris.


Correct, correct. Somehow they shank Joe. They shank Joe Biden, they select not elect Kamala Harris. They completely betray their base. And meanwhile, they, somehow they nominate or select somebody that is less articulate than Joe Biden somehow amazing. And She doesn't Have to You know how is that, how, how is that even possible? He doesn't even have, he biologically cannot even function. And they managed to find a person who biologically functions fine, but has the worst social IQ we have ever seen. But Sean, I I just, I gotta wanna get this one more answer, right? I got two minutes. But if, but here's the smart move for the Dems. I mean, it's a FAA accompli now it's over, whatever. But the smart move for the Dems that relates to Pennsylvania politics, it was so critical in this election, would've been Keep Biden, you were stuck with 'em.


He won the primary dump Harris off the ticket add Josh Shapiro. And you know what? They may, I think they still would've lost, they probably would've lost, but they wouldn't have lost this bad. And at least you have like this guy next who's a rising star in the Democrat party instead of a candidate. They all acknowledged we're terrible. That was the play. Absolutely. I mean, nothing more needs to be said. You're a hundred percent right. And, and you know, look, Kamala Harris had a base problem in this race. And now we'll wrap it up real quickly here. But she never earned, you ran in a race. you know what it's like to earn the, the love and appreciation and the support of your base. She didn't do that. And she had base issues everywhere in Michigan and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.


And I think that tells the tale here as we see in historic Donald Trump victory. Yeah, you're right. I mean, you just nailed it. You and I were both candidates. If you don't gin up a sense of excitement where you've got a core group of supporters that are gonna go out and gin up and get 10 more people out there, you have nothing. And she had nothing. She lost indies. She never did it. She lost black voters, Hispanic voters, young voters. I mean, she didn't lose up relative to prior elections. She got just destroyed. This was a really horrible election for the Democrats and man, the Donald Trump movement. Sean, you've been a diehard in the MAGA movement and it's been an honor to do this alongside of you. I, I appreciated your text this morning. He said we did it, man. I said, yeah, you're damn right we did it. Hey man, you're gonna be a regular on the show if you have the time.


Sean Parnell. He's got his own show. Check it out. S-E-A-N-P-A-R-N-E-L-L. Sean Parnell, thanks for your time buddy. Appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks brother. Talk to you soon. You got it.


Finally, A big thank you to an important person this election cycle. You're gonna remember this guy from our show. He was amazing. But first, our next sponsor. you know, seeing my father last Christmas was really special. We're all gathered around the table talking, sharing some stories, but I couldn't help but notice he was struggling to keep up with the conversation. That's when I knew it was time. Millions of adults over 65 start to lose their hearing each year, and my father was one of 'em. So I decided to give him some MD hearing aids. Let me tell you, they were a game changer. This year was completely different. He was engaged, laughing, didn't miss a beat, seen 'em often. It's really been great. MD hearing really brought the family conversations back to life. This podcast today's brought to you by MD hearing. They're FDA registered rechargeable, and you won't even know they're there right inside your ear. They fit Plus MD hearing just launched their smallest model. Yet the Neo Xs this holiday season, get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com, use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297 plus a rating of free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of the Dan Bongino Show. That's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Hey, if there's one person responsible for Pennsylvania going our way and shifting the entire election, not just the presidency, but the Senate and the House, it's Scott Presler. We wanted to thank him personally, and I want you to hear it. Check this out, folks. This guy is a, a genuine American patriot. There are a lot of talkers in the world, very few doers. So I tell my kids all the time, they're like, dad, it's success. Hard. I, oh, it's not hard. The recipe is simple. The actual work is hard, but the recipe's simple. A lot of people, you know, don't want to get up in the morning, don't wanna work out, don't want to hit the cold plunge, don't want to eat right, don't wanna stay after work. And they don't wanna do it. They just want to talk about it. If you do that, you'll succeed.


It's really not that, it's not that complicated. This guy did it. Scott Presler, wanna welcome back to the show. What an amazing guy, Scott, your work in Pennsylvania, absolutely incredible. I wanted to bring you back on the show to first Thank you. And I got a few questions for you. Thanks for everything you did over there though. Amazing work. Thank you. you know, it's still finally just settling in and it feels so good. And Dan, I wanted to say thank you. Every time I went on your program, we raised literally tens of thousands of dollars. And that's not a hyperbole. And I just want people to know that every dollar we raised from going on your show went to the staffers that helped deliver Pennsylvania.


So the Dan, the Dan Bonino program literally helped win Pennsylvania as well. Well, Scott, the Bonino Army are dedicated patriots that believe in action and not just talk. And a guy like you who went out, I think you like, didn't you like destroy your car from driving around the states and it was some gift send go. No, I it happened, right? Like, you, you like burnt out your car or something and did the engine melt from you driving? Pennsylvania's a big state. It's not easy to drive around, but that happened, right? Well, I, I was in a very lovely 2005 Honda Civic that she, she has seen a lot of years and just, I don't know what ha Yeah, I You defeated a Honda Civic.


Listen, Honda makes a great car. I had a civic when I was younger, that civic lasted like 350,000 miles. For you to defeat a civic, you must have registered a lot of voters. Well, I, I'm excited to put even more miles on my new vehicle and get ready for the future. Yes, sir. Scott, you're, you're an amazing guy. So let's get to some, some technical stuff because your model, I believe can be used in other states. And I've had a lot of people reach out to me and say, how do we find our own Scott Presler? I said, I don't know, you're gonna have to ask Scott. Something motivated him. You registered a ton of voters. How did you do it? I mean, was there some kind of calculated plan, like, was it gun shows or churches or, you got to a massive number of people in Pennsylvania, you brought over to our side.


I mean, you know, I don't wanna give the democrats any hardcore trade secrets, but for Republicans around the country, what are you telling them on how they can replicate this and say, a New York, which I think we can fix. Well, let, let's go over a couple facts of, of kind of what happened So my organization is Early Vote Action, and we hired 74 paid field staff for this cycle, 74. And they give you context, Dan, there are 67 counties in Pennsylvania. So we had a, a staff per each county, MPA, that's number one. Number two, we registered this cycle alone, 50,000 registered voters, 50,000.


And the reason to the way that's so important is 2016 in Pennsylvania for Trump was decided by 40,000 votes. 2020 was decided by 80,000 votes. We always knew that this election could come down to one percentage point. And so that 50,000 number could very well swing an entire presidential election, you know, in the commonwealth of pa. Now let's dial in on the numbers and the demographic groups we're reaching out to. So the have that 80,000 a number, kind of like as a baseline in your mind. There are 80,000 truckers in pa. So we went to the truck, stop the rest, stop the service plaza off of the Pennsylvania turnpike.


There are 90,000 Amish in Pennsylvania. So we went to the farmer's markets, we went to the sawmills, the dairy farms. I even milked a cow by hand at an Amish farm to help court the vote. There are 400,000 members of the Jewish community and with Kamala and Joe Biden's anti peace in the Middle East policy, we saw an open opportunity to reach out to a non-traditional group that doesn't vote Republican. Usually then you have 800,000 veterans. And so with stolen dollar Tim Walls, we went to the American Legions, we went to the VFW halls, and last Dan and probably one of the most important groups we reached out to is the 930,000 hunters in Pennsylvania.


30% of Pennsylvania hunters are not registered. Wow. So we spent a lot of time going to the gun shows, going to the gun stores, going to archery. I mean, we dedicated every single gun show by going to gun show trader.com. By the way, that website is for all 50 states. So if you wanna start doing this where you live, go now. I mean, there are gonna be gun shows in December, January, like this, this process never stops. This is 24 7, 365. but it was touching Dan, all those different demographic groups that I know that are Republican that just weren't getting out to vote. I knew if we registered and mobilized them, we could win and deliver Pennsylvania for Donald Trump.


Well, you did. I mean, you did it by such a margin, Scott, that the Democrats who are obsessed with creating legal chaos after elections they used it didn't even bother. Matter of fact, there's pressure right now. I kind of segues to my next question. The Dave McCormick Senate race, a pivotal flip, if we can take it. He is mathematically certain at this point to be the next United States Senator from Pennsylvania. There is no math for Casey. Casey as far as as I know. I'm looking, I'm following has not conceded yet. but it wasn't just that you had, you would flip the presidency back to President Trump. President-elect Trump at this point. You flipped the Senate seat and I think I saw there was a congressional seat that flipped too.


So, you know, it's, it's not just that you did the top, you know, the, the, the top of the ballot. There were down ballot races too, where this worked. Well, I have some breaking news to share here on the Dan Bongino Show. So the McCormick campaign just put out a presser literally 30 minutes ago, you know, just recently saying that they, they are victorious and they have won. And so I have a message to the president, Mr. President, not only have we delivered Pennsylvania for you, sir, but we have delivered for you a United States Senate seat. And we have also delivered two congressional districts that flipped from blue to red. And that's Republican Rob Bresnahan who defeated Matt Cartwright and congratulations to Republican Ryan McKenzie, who defeated the entrenched Susan Wild in Lehigh and North Hampton.


And so, yes, we, we not only won the Commonwealth, but helped to provide a Republican Congress for the President. I, I can't emphasize enough the importance of what you just said, president Trump, the tax cuts, all of the stuff we want to get done is not gonna happen if we don't have the house, the Senate we have. That's and how comfortably is still up for grabs. But we have the Senate, we don't have the house, we have nothing. You have to get that passed through the house before it becomes law. We can't just rely on EO as executive orders. Thi this is insane though that we may wind up with a two vote margin and you in Pennsylvania may have been responsible for the two vote margin too. I mean, you wanna talk about a big round of applause necessary.


This is it. Well, and, and I want to give a shout out too to our team. you know, Scott Perry, the Democrats have been attacking him like crazy and, and what a fierce ferocious fighter. I so respect Congressman Scott Perry, and if any of you were listening, e even at this time, if you're thinking about supporting my efforts, support the congressman, he truly fights for, for freedom and fights for you and me every day and our team, Bobby Jeffries and Ellis Dekar and Ryan Sexton down there in the York Adams Dolphin area. Well, Scott Perry, it appears that he will have won his seat as well.


And to our beautiful Bucks County people that have flipped Bucks County for the first time since 1988, Dan, we will have helped protect two Republican seats and flip to Republican seats in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. I I really, Scott amazing work folks. Scott Presler, thank you. Please follow him on, on x follow him on social media. Scott, I got one more question for you. I got a just a couple minutes left, but I wanna make sure what, tell us your website because I know you're not done. Like I I know you, you, you have, your work has thankfully just begun, but where can people go and support you and your group? Because I've got a feeling you may be expanding into other states here after your success.


So how can they support you? Thank you. Our organization is early vote action.com. That's early vote action.com. And yes, we, we have only just begun, Dan, you know, we are already working towards the gubernatorial election in 2026, Democrat Governor Shapiro needs to hit the road just like we did to Bob Casey and Kamala Harris. And furthermore, I want to make it very clear on your program today, our goal moving forward these next four years is to Florida, Pennsylvania. And I would like to help deliver a plurality of registered Republican voters in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.


Unless I will be spending my Christmas vacation writing a blueprint about what we did here in Pennsylvania this cycle. And I will offer this blueprint to anyone that wants it. Let's take it to New Mexico and Colorado and Washington and Oregon and Connecticut and Delaware and Rhode Island and Minnesota. Let's take this blueprint everywhere. And if you thought 2024 was good, well let's make 2028 even better. Baby, You te Scott, you teed that up nicely. Last question for you. My former home state in New York, I still love the place. I got family who live up there, A lot of family, not just a few grew up there.


This was, it was never a red state, but when I lived there, there was a Republican governor, George Pataki and a Republican mayor, Rudy Giuliani. There was a significant Republican heavy presence in New York that has disappeared over the decades since I've left. You are now seeing New York get redder, not red, but redder from each election. We're encroaching a little more. Lee Elden almost won the governorship there. Yeah, your model in New York, I am convinced, could make that state less blue, even potentially purple. It's not gonna happen in one or two election cycles, maybe 10 years, maybe 12. but I know it can happen. And if we can do that, and you can take Pennsylvania and New York, the Democrats have no national runway, no national election plan runway to win the presidency again.


Correct? Well, well, and let's put things into priority for a second. So yes, if you're in New York, well, I mean, I I am gonna say I want more people to move to Pennsylvania. I'm not gonna lie, move to Pennsylvania. If you can help us shore up the governorship in 2026, but to anybody that is so inspired from this win, get involved locally, please capitalize on this momentum. But, but last most important thing, Dan, 2025, we have two gubernatorial elections. Please hear me loudly. Bonino Posse, if you live in New Jersey, I want you to show up to your next Republican meeting immediately in, in, in November and December, you join your local Republican committee and you get involved right now, New Jersey and Virginia because both of those governorships are up in 2025 and New Jersey is trending to the right in a very big way.


And it would make just a huge splash for you guys to be able to take the governorship next year. So please, Jersey, Virginia, you get involved immediately and join your local Republican committee, please. I love, love this guy Jimmy. He's always working. See this two days after election, guy should be sleeping. He should be on an IV right now of like NAD and vitamin C or something. And what's he doing? He's still hustling and working. Scott, your website again, Bonino Army. Do your thing, man. Thank you. What's the website? The website is early vote action.com Early vote action.com. Thank you Dan. Scott, You, you don't tell. Listen man, you know, stop thanking me. I appreciate it.


But it's totally unnecessary that I did not do, I did not wear out a Honda Civic. I had a, I was stuck. Here. I, my days of running for office are over. God bless you brother. you know you got an open ticket. Just reach out to Jim anytime you need to. Come on. We love you on the show. Thanks for what you did in Pennsylvania. We really appreciate it, man. Thanks for coming on. I will Love you too. Thank you. He's a good man. This guy, man. I'm telling you folks, a lot of people did a lot of hard work in Pennsylvania, Sean Parnell and others, but they'll all tell you nobody worked harder than this guy. Pennsylvania was called Fools Gold for years for Republicans. And now the only fools are Democrats. Good job man. More of that get involved.


The do matters not to talk. Thanks for listening to the show. Make sure you check us out every day at 11:00 AM at rumble.com/bonino. Join the live stream. You can watch video on demand anytime. See ya much. You just Heard Dan Bonino.