
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino You know you ever see the movie? Die Hard You. know one of the great Christmas movies of all time. Come out to LA we'll have a few laughs. Come back from the RNC. You worked all week. Double, triple shows. Take a break. Relax. Have a nice night. No, we can't get anybody outta Milwaukee. Everybody's stranded all over the country. G's in like a foreign land. GIS in might be on Mars for all I know. Justin tried to drive back in an emergency to get back tonight.


He's got some fungus going on. I'm like, don't gimme the fungus. I can't get sick this week. Michael and Avita are stuck in the BFE somewhere that we don't even know how to get back. This is like, and then I'm sitting downstairs, I'm like, okay, maybe I'm gonna get like a little workout in on a Sunday and chill. I'm out back, get outta the sauna, sweating pools of sweat because I can't cool down. 'cause in Florida it was actually cooler in the sauna than it was sitting outside. And I get a text from my secret service buddy, so what's next? And I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, dude, Biden just dropped out. I'm like, what the, What is going on?


News cycle. I may listen man. I'm gonna say this to you, proving to you again, I love money. I'm a capitalist. I am not in this for the money. This is, you can make a bunch of coin having a news show when news breaks. Right? Slow down, slow down. We had President Trump nearly shot a vp. Pick the Secret Service director's testimony tomorrow Biden drops out. I mean we, this is 1968 all over again, folks, obviously tomorrow I have a stacked show. I've got some breaking news for you about the Secret Service scandal going on.


I've got a ton of things this EMERGENCY BROADCAST, however we did tonight. Thank you Justin. By the way, he's showing up the kid. Poor guy, like rushed a kid man. He came running over here and we wanna get on the air for you. Let's, let's obviously talk about what happened. So Joe Biden has stepped aside folks. One question I would not easily dismiss was brought about by Cernovich on, on X. And listen, in the days You know 10, 15 years ago before Spygate and collusion, this is the kind of thing a lot of people would've gaffed off. But You know. I gotta wonder, was it even Joe Biden's decision? I mean you have to assume it was, but oh Dan, you can't say that without receipts.


I do have receipts and we'll talk about it again in tomorrow in detail, but apparently a lot of staffers and folks learned about it from a tweet posted on X most likely scenario. Yeah, of course Joe Biden made the call. But that's just kind of weird that the last people to find out were his staff And. they found out on X. Let's go through some takeaways 'cause there's a real issue right now, Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna play for you tomorrow morning. I gave about the debate. It's on my ex feet if you wanna see it, folks in the chat. Did I call it or did I call it? I don't really give a shit about self praise because it stinks as an chain used to say.


However, this was my biggest fear about the debate. I said to you we needed a push. We need Trump to have a moment and we needed Biden to have a moment. And what did we get? We got utter complete, total annihilation by By Donald Trump. On Joe Biden. I mean, Trump wasn't gonna let him win. Of course. I'm not suggesting maybe he should have. I'm just saying, I warned you the debate was early. Go back and watch the shows we did, Justin, you were here for them. Where we said the Democrats are setting Biden up. They're scheduling the debate early because it's the only mechanism in vehicle to get em out when he blows it into debate and look what happened.


Our batting average Justin is a lot. Perfect, perfect. We have nailed it. I told you he wasn't gonna beat a nominee. There was just no way Dr. Jill was holding out, but they can't hold out. Now, many of you are probably asking right now, well what changed? This is a story you're probably not gonna get anywhere else. Or you may, I don't know, Check it out on X right now or whatever you're watching your stuff. But the Michigan poll that came out that had Biden down by seven in a state with a rather large black population and population centers like Detroit, the Grand Rapids area, they did a rally this weekend.


Trump the Michigan poll, showing him down seven. The Democrats were afraid of an electoral landslide down ballot where they could lose upwards of 55. They could be down 55, 45 in the Senate and maybe lose 20 more house seats. They know the presidency, they're in trouble. No red wave talk as always. However, they know they're in real trouble. The Michigan poll indicated to them they could even lose the Michigan Senate seat to Rogers. They are in a world of trouble. It is the Michigan poll that did them in the debate. Started it. It was tactically scheduled early by antibi people to make sure that if Biden flubbed it, which they were sure he was going to do, they had time to move on.


The Michigan poll was sent out to probably every prominent Democrat donor and everyone told him, Hey bro, it's time for you to leave. If you are down seven in Michigan, you're probably down 15 in Arizona. There was folks, polls suck, take polls, crumple 'em up and throw 'em in the garbage. The problem the Democrats have is polls always underestimate Donald Trump's support. If that poll said Donald Trump was up seven, he was probably up eight to 10. The Michigan poll was the killer. That was the arrow right in the chest like that Sebastian Maniscalco skid.


Remember that? Walk in the guy hit you with an arrow you like, you don't know what happened. That's what happened. Let's talk about some palace intrigue here in your home for breaking news. This you'll hear this is an exclusive to me of course. And the Michigan poll's out there. I don't wanna sound like a jerk like it was. I'm the first person to think of it. I'm not. but I haven't heard much of it On, on on on any broadcast so far. Palace intrigue, Ladies and gentlemen, Kamala Harris is going to start a DEI war if they bypass her. I absolutely guarantee it. Kamala Harris is there, is going to be a DEI War. I'm gonna walk through tomorrow in detail the mechanics of the convention and what it's gonna look like.


If they don't pick a nominee before they may virtually nominate Kamala Harris before they're going forward with this early August virtual thing. Remember what happened with the state of Ohio? They had to virtually nominate Biden so he can get him on the ballot in Ohio. As of now, this broadcast Sunday evening at 5 0 7. As of now, they are still going ahead with that. That's important. That's important because it doesn't give them a lot of time. Kamala Harris right now is putting out the message I am hearing from, well-placed people. Kamala Harris. See, here's Harris here. She's honored to have the president's endorsement. She's, thank you just for getting Look at Justin by himself.


She's like all arrogant now. Kraken. I'm kidding. Kraken. Chill bro. Chill. It's Sunday night working all week. Chill bro. Kamala Harris's. People I'm hearing from, well-placed sources are telling anyone who will listen. Media, donors, activists, bureaucrats, congressmen, senators, governors, you come out against me, we're gonna call you a racist. Take it to the bank. Kids take it to the bank.


All these stories you're hearing out there, they're coming from Gareth's camp. You come out against her. You're gonna be called a racist. However, I stand by my reporting from a couple weeks ago. It's on my ex feed and truth feed. I actually sent it out again today, Ladies and gentlemen. There's no question Hillary's in the mix. Zero. Hillary Clinton wants this. She's in the mix. They would have to however, convince Kamala Harris and the Biden delegates. Remember, this is an important part here. Joe Biden's pledge delegates. He has enough delegates to be the nominee. He doesn't wanna be the nominee, but they handpicked these people as delegates. They are loyal to the Biden Harris ticket.


They are probably not gonna turn on Kamala. The only thing that can happen right here is where Kamala would voluntarily take a backseat to Hillary Clinton under the guise that the Democrats remember. It still believes she won in 2016 and got ripped off. I don't see that happening right now based on the current trajectory of events and the charges of racism already being bandied about. And Kamala Harris's team playing ruthless politics. However, don't discount the fact Hillary Clinton could be the running mate in an all female ticket. The vice president. I'm just throwing that out there. Some other names you need to strongly consider.


Josh Shapiro outta Pennsylvania. If they lose Pennsylvania, it's over. Shapiro's very popular. I still can't figure out why. And another one I wouldn't discount either is Senator Mark Kelly from Arizona. When I'm speculating, I tell you, I'm speculating. Obviously I'm speculating. I'm not Kamala Harris. I don't know what her political team is telling her, but I'm hearing from people who are pretty well placed on that side of the aisle, but are relatively honest brokers. They know that side of the aisle. Well, Shapiro's gotta be in the mix, Kelly, 'cause they need Arizona and Hillary. Hillary's gonna insert herself in there. Harris, yeah, the Clintons.


So Hillary, that may be tactical. The Clintons may be working an angle right now to get her on the ticket. Hillary in this You know power ticket. Remember they think they won. There is a DEI war that's about to break out right now, folks. I I kind of just hinted at it with Kamala Harris. If you come out and and take a shot at the king right now or the Queen Kamala Harris, she's it, then you damn well better not miss 'cause they will ruin your career. Joe Biden created a really, really devastating classical dilemma here. Joe Biden said he was going to pick a black female for his nominee before he even won the thing.


So what he said to the American people, that being a black female nominee was gonna bring these outstanding characteristics to the Vice president's office and that it was so important he had to pick on those criteria, not merit. So he, excuse me, so he selected Kamala Harris. Now what's he gonna do? What are the Democrats gonna do? Say that everything Joe Biden And, they believe in that skin color and sexual organs should dictate the national conversations is bullshit. And we should throw it all out right when the first black female, soon, what they believe soon to be president, hopefully not, is about to take power.


In other words, she's good enough for DEI criteria, but not good enough to actually take power when it matters. Good luck, man. Good luck with that one. Brothers and sisters. How the hell are you gonna make that work? Here's another takeaway from this folks I wanna know right now and I wanna see the FOIA should start right now. Judicial watch, heritage, whatever. All these people who investigate out there, the FOIA should start getting banged out right now. I want all White House communications about a possible deal for Hunter Biden. I want him today. You think Joe Biden's stepping aside without a deal set up for him and his family, then you don't know Joe Biden.


Joe Biden has made a career outta being full of shit and being a mercenary. You really believe who in the chat? Quick poll. Bino. Are you even here? I know Anita's here in the groins. I had a texter. I'm like Anita, emergency meeting with the groin crew and the Bino Army. Hey, by the way, not totally broke it, but we got these Bino Army things. We're gonna, I'll show you. I didn't wanna do it last week. So much going on. you know, Trumpian Shop And, they did it for you guys, but the Bongino Army got on it right away. I forgot what I was gonna say. What was I taking? A polo? What's that? I don remember. I don't even remember anyone in the chat on run, but did. Yeah folks, this is not happening. He said, oh, the Hunter Biden deal. Oh, that's it. Does anybody in the chat actually believe Biden exited without a sweetheart deal for his family?


It it it. If you say no, you don't believe that you're crazy. Of course he had a deal. I want it now. I don't want it tomorrow. I don't want it the next day. I want the freaking emails now. Now here's a little bit of breaking news. I told you in the tweet. Look at this. Look at this. Yes, everyone in the chat agrees. Look, hey, as you can tell, I'm a little loopy that week, man. Worked at RNC Man, that was a lot of, I have a fake job.


Granted, I get it. But that was a lot of fake job. Yeah, even for a fake job. It was a lot. There's a deal for Hunter. I wanna know what the freaking deal is right now. Right now. Breaking news. You're not gonna hear anywhere else. I put it outta my true social and ex account. Ladies and gentlemen. The Secret Service really bad month is about to get a whole lot worse. What happened? Now, Dan, Justin, do You know what happened? No, he doesn't. He has no idea. 'cause we didn't do a show rundown. He's like, do you need elements? I'm like, just put me on the air. Kids put me on the air. Folks. The Secret Service has a division called C Os, candidate Nominee Operations section dedicated to candidates and the nominee, I'm sorry, but there are some liberals listening, they're quite dumb.


So I have to speak slowly. We call it C Os. The C os details have been disbanded. Nikki Haley and others, they've been disbanded. The agents have been sent home and scattered away. Now we're gonna, but oh, well that was kind of a weird po I think I may have phrased the question wrong. Bino as always. Oh, on the case. Thank you Bino. We love you. Is Bino even real or is it like an AI matrix, like neo type program? The C Os agents are not on details anymore. They're all gone. I expect as of tomorrow you are gonna see at least one or two people jump in other than Kamala Harris.


It could be Whitmer saying she's out. I'm gonna withhold judgment on this because the Democrats probably wanna avoid a total shit show. but I would not be surprised if at least one or two other credible people start putting out, start putting out traffic that they wanted. Now here's the kicker and we'll go through this, the formalities tomorrow, they need 300 delegates to get their name in an open convention if it happens and 50 can't be from the same state. Ladies and gentlemen, what's the biggest blue state? California Newsom's obviously got an edge there.


What does Gavin Newsom do? We may know by the end of this broadcast, may know may have happened already. I mean we're live on the air. but I expect the, the Secret service now is scrambling. It's not their fault. I mean what happened last week was, but the C os thing, you can't keep a bunch of agents in Washington DC with no protectee. What's the point? They have to take instructions from the Biden White House. The Biden White House told them Biden's running. so we don't need any candidate nominee operations sections. 'cause the president has his own detail. All the CNAs guys have been scattered. The Secret Service is very, very, very bad. Month is about to get worse. What happened last week was their fault.


This one isn't the Biden White House told them we're not leaving the race. Send the guys home. Basically. Now you gotta get 'em all back. Another point, and this is gonna be the most critical point in the day coming. If Joe Biden is unqualified Ladies and gentlemen to serve as a candidate for president, how the hell is Joe Biden the president? Now folks, I want him to resign. Now, time out to, let me explain myself. I did not want Joe Biden to leave the race.


I'm, I'm receipts coming tomorrow. I always bring receipts. Justin You know we said, we not say that with the debate. We can't smoke this guy. We wanna run against him. He's the worst candidate. We can't change that. Now Boohoo don't cry for me, Argentina. We gotta deal what we got, not what we think we got. You ever see Pacino and Heat? Gimme what you got, gimme what you got. You ever see it? This is what we got right now. We got likely Kamala Harris at a minimum as vp, probably the presidential candidate, possibly Harris, Hillary. That's what we gotta deal with. So why the hell would you want Biden to resign now?


Because Ladies and gentlemen, Kamala Harris is incompetent. She is still an unknown to a lot of Democrats. No, she's not Dan. Yes she is. You think everyone in America on the Democrats side knows who Kamala Harris is. Let me tell you a quick story. A friend of mine ran for a governor a long time ago in Maryland. He owns a baking, a Smith Island baking. He was asking this guy on the island one day about what he thought about the governor. The guy didn't even know that the governor wasn't Bob Ehrlich anymore. You're assume I'm talking about Democrats here. You're talking about a group of people who pride themselves on being stupid liberals. They're not gonna associate Kamala Harris with every bad thing Biden did.


So in other words, what I'm getting at is Biden Harris. Harris is so incompetent. If Harris takes over today and we can get Biden out, we have a couple of months to watch the disaster. Because either way it's gonna be a disaster. You either got oatmeal brains or you got the incompetent one. It's the, the Democrats voted for these people. I didn't create this problem. I don't wanna see the United States in danger, but this is what, this is the deck of cards we've been dealt and it's stacked. I want Kamala Harris in charge now. She's a cackling, buffoon and an idiot.


At least it'll give time for the American voter, the independence we want. And even moderate Democrats to say, oh my gosh, this woman's worst than Biden right now. She's an open book. The Democrats are gonna come out with these flowery ads. Kamala Harris was raised and everyone's gonna be like, oh wow, that seems like an attractive candidate. Stick her in the Oval Office. Watch the cackling and then you'll see what happens. We as a bonino army out there have to push to get Biden out of office asap. Get Kamala Harris in there. Stat, stat Aki, because she will share. It'll be like the best campaign commercial you've ever seen for Donald Trump.


The woman is, how the hell do we have 240,000 people? We didn't even tell anybody we were doing anything. I love you guys. Listen, when you were in New York, like when I grew up, right? The term savage is a term of endearment You. know what I'm saying? Should we, can we get a shirt like the bonino savages? We're all like savages, you know? Love it. Love you guys. We're probably the largest stream in the world right now. It's 'cause we, it's 'cause we just kick ass and take names Thanks to you. 'cause you're the best Folks you gotta get.


Seriously, we gotta get this guy out. Put the pressure right now on your well, they don't even need it. A lot of the congressmen and senators already on this, they know what I'm telling you. Biden must resign. It is a national security nightmare right now to have a guy in the White House who is now acknowledged implicitly that he's not cognitively prepared to be a candidate and he's not cognitively prepared to be the president. Couple of dates to keep in mind. Now, early August, if they stick with this virtual convention, this virtual nomination process, folks, they have no more than a couple of weeks to coalesce behind a candidate. I'm gonna tell you this, you are probably gonna know. I'll make a prediction. They're like a-holes.


Everybody's got one. Who cares? But I'm pretty confident you'll know by Wednesday of this week you'll have a pretty decent idea about who the nominee's gonna be. If you see here's, here's what to look for so I can give you the signals. Okay, Winky, Winky nod. No. If you start seeing Newsom Pritzker and everyone else by tonight and tomorrow coming out and praising Kamala Harris and her work, it's over. You're not gonna get a Dean Phillips like candidate who's gonna get 300 delegates to get him on the nomination floor. They need 300 delegates in an open convention. You're not. He doesn't have that kind of whack and pull everybody's horse trading. Now everybody wants something for their support.


Joe Biden wants a deal for Hunter and his family to get out of the race. Kamala Harris is probably promising cabinet positions to people. There's all kinds of horse trading going on. Kamala Harris has the biggest horse of all though. She's got the potentially the White House 'cause she's got front door access. Gavin Newsom doesn't have that. So you're gonna see, I would guess by Wednesday you're gonna see a coalescing and you'll know if this is gonna be a dog fight. Justin's smart man. I told him, 'cause he's got the fungus and I'm like, whatever the fungus you have, I said, please, if you cough, can you cough like outside and Kraken, Kraken, I'm not sure if this is an HR violation or whatever.


Justin will file a formal report afterwards. But everybody came back from the RNC with some like crud or something. They used to call it the CPAC crud. And that was the RNC. I'm gonna get into that tomorrow too. The RNCI got so much to talk about tomorrow, folks, it's, you wanna see a preview stop? I know. Poor guy. Justin's like, I'm on my own tomorrow. So this is the preview. I don't even know if you can read that. It's probably best you can. I remember that time I put up the call to trumpet accidentally almost smell. That's a whole other, I was just in emotional mood. But tomorrow we're gonna go through this. We're gonna go through the exact mechanics of how this is gonna work. Also, let me break this news tonight because I hate bullshit teases you all. What do we got to it?


Well, where you going? Where I think everybody thought the show was over. I, like I said, like 200. Here's breaking news. For those of you 2 24 that stayed. We lost like 10,000 people. I think our daughter's ending the show. Now you gotta all come back. You ready for this? This is a gift for you guys 'cause you hung around. But I'll go into detail tomorrow. I'm hearing from very well placed sources that the Secret service director, and by the way, I think they did this today to take the heat off the Secret Service director testifying in front of Congress tomorrow. The Secret service director, Kim Cheadle, may have been using signal to communicate official business with people from the Biden White House.


And one of those people is Anthony Bernal, a well-placed Biden Insider. The other one is I hear Annie Tomasini. These are allegations from a well-placed source. However, that she has been doing that through I, I don't know, bypass discovery. But if so, Ladies and gentlemen, it's a really, really big deal. All right, I'm gonna wrap this thing tomorrow. We'll go into all of that. I'll go into some theories that are out there. Some have some merit, some don't. And can I just say one more thing? Some people are mad at me on the Secret Service story for sharing too much. Some people for not enough. I'm just gonna tell you this. The truth has no agenda. I'm sticking to the facts. My bonino rule is sacred. I don't put out shit.


I can't back up if I can't back it up. I wait for some facts to back it up, and if no facts emerge, then I let it go. I will never steer you wrong. Every single part of this story, from the drone to the ladder, the other stuff have been absolutely spot on. We've been home for breaking news. We have been at least, at least a week ahead of the news cycle on just about every single thing on this Secret Service story. Thanks for tuning in, folks. You all have the best. Love you all. See you back here tomorrow. Download the Rumble app, please. It's free and you can watch on desktop. 11:00 AM Eastern Time every single day. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Oh, can I mention one last thing? I'm sorry guys.


Listen, don't go anywhere, please for the two. Just one more I. promise you, I'm not trying to sell you a freaking book. I don't give a shit. Get it from the library. Steal it from your friend. I don't care. I'm just saying. I wrote a book called The Fight years ago. This is the cover of it. A Secret Service agents inside of Counter Security failings on the political machine. I wrote another book six months after it called Protecting the President. I don't even know if they're available, where you get books anymore. Your library may have 'em. You wanna read about the problems the Secret Service had that I wrote back in 2015, almost 10 years ago? Pick up these two books. They're super easy reads, protecting the president's like 28,000 words.


Super quick. You'll be like, holy shit. And was right. See you guys tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the damn bond Gino Show.