
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Okay, everyone, sit down, grab your Blackout, Coffee, whatever beverage of choice you may have. Maybe lean back, put a pillow behind your head and get ready to listen. I'm gonna blow your mind today. Whistleblowers popping out everywhere. Now. Been working on something for a long time. I don't let any scandals go. I'm gonna get right into it in the beginning of the show. One quick message. First, a lot to talk about today and By the way. One correction yesterday that Ukraine hearing was Victoria Newland, not Lisa Monaco.


So precision matters, so thank you to people who reached out, but precision does matter. Hey, listen, run the air 20 hours live once in a while you mess something up, especially when it comes to these swampy over there on the left.


Folks beams. Labor Day Sale is here. There's never been a better time to finally try Beam's Dream Powder. This stuff's been a game changer for me. Find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


I got that. I of course have the interview last night. Absolutely horrendous. Like only Kamala Harris could do, she fails an open book test with a friendly media channel with a friendly interviewer with her vice presidential running mate there to back her up with all the questions likely, or the idea and the responses vetted out with notes in front of her and she still Sucks. How do you do that?


Many Americans retired and frustrated by the stolen economy. Yes, they are inflation, endless wars and the assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile. They've been on the front lines fighting for our rights military, our sanctity of life, our first responder heroes as well. Take a stand for conservative causes today. Put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile. You get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates costs all three major networks, plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team. We'll find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. So go today, patriot mobile.com/dan, or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values or have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative, mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thank you Patriot Mobile.


All right, fellas, let's go first. It's a Friday, but this is a serious thing. And, I, I just want you to take this in with me for a minute, folks. I, I don't follow professional hockey. It's not that I have anything against it, I just, I'm a football kind of basketball guy. There's a story at the this dispatch and it's been all over. You probably heard it. Very famous hockey player, Johnny Gaudreau. I'm sorry if I'm saying the name wrong. I'm, I'm not a big fan of hockey. I'm just being f it doesn't matter, you know, if I'm a fan or not, was killed in, in a crash involving a suspected drunk driver. Listen folks, this is not a PSA show.


I'm not your priest. I'm not your rabbi, your imam, your psychologist or psychiatrist. I made a lot of mistakes in my life. I make 'em every day. I'm a sinner. I am. I'm trying my best. I could be, I'm not sure it could be better, but man, I'm begging you all out there, especially the young kids who listen to our show. I'm not lecturing you, I'm not telling you eat your vegetables, okay? Please, in the name of all that's holy, don't drink and drive, man. My gosh, please don't do it. You've got Uber, you've got Lyft, you've got friends, you've got designated drivers. You've got a thousand different ways to get outta this, please. I had a cousin who was hit by a drunk driver.


He's not alive anymore. He survived that, but didn't really survive, if you know what I mean. He was never the same. It's a long story what happened to him. The dissent in his life was just, please, I'm just gonna take a second today to remind you. Do not under any circumstances do this. It is you. It's not just that you're gonna ruin your own life. You could kill someone else like this young man. Alright? I had to put that out there, folks. I, I, I, I've been getting calls left and right from whistleblowers that are just to say fed up with the Secret service is probably an understatement. They're, they're tired of being tired of being fed up with the Secret Service because they're, you know, we used to say in the Secret Service, you screw this up, someone could get killed.


Someone did get killed. Corey Comparator was murdered. Three other people were shot including President Trump. There's no more like, oh, if we screw up someone could get killed. Somebody got killed. And the people in charge are the people who made the decisions. I believe led to the faulty security plan that got Corey Comparator killed in front of his family. But it's not just that I'm not letting this agency go down in flames. I'm sorry. I was very proud to be a part of it. I worked with good guys, a whistleblower, multiple whistleblowers have been calling me about two specific cases for weeks.


Media people get your pens out as I know you're not gonna cover this. Let's start number one with the cocaine story. So I've been working on this for a long time. Remember the cocaine that was found at the White House? You wanna talk about a case, And I. Know folks in the Secret Service. I know you're watching, you know, I know this is true. So please resign Now before I start making names public on this because I will because I know the names. Alright, it's time for you all to step down.


Ron Rowe included, you know what you did as Susan Crabtree an excellent reporter has already reported on they got a partial hit off the baggie. Do we need to do the baggie demo again, here's a baggie, it's not porous. If you were to put cocaine or drugs in it and drop it somewhere in the White House, there's going to be a fingerprint or some DNA on it. That's just how this works. They got a partial DNA hit that DNA hit and that evidence is currently stored in an evidence locker. Let's just say the people in charge of the evidence locker, many of them have been squeezed by headquarters people and managers in charge, some of whom are still there.


You better destroy this baggie. Now why? Here's what I'm hearing from whistleblowers that they are suspicious that the partial DNA hit could match a member of the inner Biden circle, of which there may be DNA samples already, which wouldn't be hard to marry up to. The partial hit. Is everybody picking up when I'm putting down people in the White House are panicked about the partial DNA hit potentially matching one of them. So they need to get rid of the baggie.


The problem is secret service administrative rules dictate that the evidence needs to be held in the locker for seven years. It's not seven years, it's not even close. So multiple communications, how exactly is still up in the air? Pressuring people in the forensic services division of the Secret Service Don't make me name names. Folks, I'm, I'm giving you an opportunity to clear this thing up. Multiple people have reached out pressuring people within the forensic services division that you better destroy that baggie and they won't do it.


So a whistleblower tells me with pretty good evidence and media people, you should probably start asking questions about this. You got your pens. Write it down that some people have been transferred and given really nice assignments to field offices that may control the area where Biden's gonna be post-presidency and some of those people may have jurisdiction over if that baggie were to be destroyed or not. What's up that? What's that Sounds kind of shady. Wouldn't be hard to figure out, right?


Anybody got transferred lately? They're talking of people getting transferred who controls and will control who is the secret service special agent in charge. Who in his jurisdiction will be Biden's home in Delaware post presidency? Someone should look that up. Someone should really check that out. And, you should ask, has anybody been transferred and where did they come from? Folks, this is an enormous scandal. Another one tarnishing the image of an agency I'm very proud of, full of amazing people.


If this were the perfect world right now, I could read to you probably 150, 200 texts from active and retired Secret Service guys who were so done with the secret service management. I can't even describe in words the level of done doneness. They are. There is a scandal on top of Scandal. On top of scandal. They have a partial DNA hit. They can easily figure out whose cocaine bag that was and the bottom line, this story before, I'm not even done before I get onto the next scandal, this isn't even the only whistleblower thing I had. These are different whistleblowers. It's really easy to find out who has custody of that baggie right now.


And let me tell you something right now. The only reason you may say why? Why are you holding back a little bit? The only reason and because I'm being tactical about this and smart, if that bag disappears, if Donald Trump gets elected and there's new leadership of the Secret Service and in violation of the Secret Service's own evidence rules, someone makes that bag disappear and got a transfer, we know who they are. I know you better think twice about it. 'cause now other journalists know too. 'cause I told them to watch and they'll probably be asking questions about these transfers and if that bag still exists, is that bag going anywhere?


Was there a quid pro quo? I'd like to know you do work for the taxpayer. I'm one of them. You destroy the baggie and we'll take care of you with this. Listen guys in the Secret Service, the manager's there, I'm not your problem. You are your problem. I got my own problems to deal with. You are your problem. It's time to resign. It's not gonna get any better. I promise you. People are coming out with new information every day. You ready for number two?


Here's another one. Separate whistleblower reaches out to me and this I've been working on for a while. This isn't new folks. Let's just get this outta the way about January 6th. It is now con confirmed. I mean you knew this in advance. So this part, this is why I put this first. This is not breaking news. However, I can confirm to you in case you were even remotely diluted about it, say you were a lefty watching my show that the FBI 100% had undercovers in the crowd on January 6th. I know you know that. I'm just saying Christopher Ray's been shady about it and others, I'm telling you, from a source on the ground with photo evidence to back it up, the FBI and other agencies, not just the FBI By the way had multiple undercovers on the ground on January 6th period.


There's now no disputing it. I've seen the evidence. Number two, the pipe bombs that were placed at the DNC and the RNC that I believe were planted there on purpose by people looking to frame Trump supporters to stop the objection to the certification of the vote. They didn't want people talking about voter fraud problems. So they needed this. After the pipe bombs were found assets on the ground, including a whistleblower who was not there but was one of the assets on the ground, was briefed about the pipe bombs the next day and shown a picture of a guy in a hoodie.


Hey, we're looking for this guy planted these pipe bombs and they were like, wow, that's crazy. Almost killed Kamala Harris. God forbid this whistleblower tells me that. But two days later after the pipe bombs, he notes emphasis his without explanation they were told to stand down, no need to look for the guy anymore. Which is really strange because the FBI's telling us now there's like a $22 trillion reward for finding this guy. 500,000. You get the point. So the FBI's trying to find the guy but not trying to find the guy two days later when the evidence trail was hot.


Why do you think that is? Because maybe in that period they found out who the guy was and they were like, oh shit, we can't have them. Knowing that 0.4, this whistleblower believes very strongly emphasis his that the pipe Palmer may be a government contractor. What? What the hell this whistleblower's record with me is 100%. We're not destroying this bag By the way. I have no reason to doubt given his expertise that he's giving me an accurate assessment of the situation, but he believes with near certainty that the pipe bomber may be a government contractor.


Finally, a different whistleblower tells me that there was, let's just say a report written up after the pipe bombing incident in January 6th that when some of these things were mentioned about the pipe bomber was quote, squashed the report, they had a make that report go away. Seems kind of strange if you're still looking for the pipe bomber, isn't it that you tell everyone to stand down, they write up a report with valuable information and they're like, we need to squash that. Folks, listen, I'm sorry to have to constantly break news to you on the show.


Why would you apologize, Dan? Because I don't wanna be the news breaking guy. I'm an opinion guy. I don't pretend to be a journalist. Okay? Do we all understand? I like to give opinions on stories because it's what I do. However, I am an investigator. And I have been my entire life between my time as a police officer and an agent, and I'm never gonna take that hat off. I'm asking people very seriously in the mainstream media. I'm not trying to be an asshole, okay? I know you guys don't like me. I don't like you either. I am be actually begging you right now. I'm giving you the tips. You should be asking about recent transfers within the Secret Service. Who was in charge of what?


Who was in charge of that baggie, that partial DNA hit and has it been destroyed? These are not hard questions. I know the answers. Do you? Second, you should be asking, were any reports generated on the pipe bomber? What happened to those reports? Was that in fact a government contractor? Are there any indicators? He was a government contractor. Who was the guy in the Alexandria train station? Who was the guy in the hoodie? You showed to the pictures. You showed the pictures to how many FBI undercover were in the crowd that day? How many other agencies are you gonna ask these questions again? I know the answers. Maybe it's time you did.


I can end the show right here. And again, I'm just gonna say to the managers in the Secret Service, you destroyed the agency. Not me. I busted my ass there. I did. More than many of you did. Some of you guys up there in up in the eighth floor. I don't, some of you probably never even did a foreign lead. Don't lecture me about the job. you know what I did? I'm tired of you guys though. You shit all over this place, And. you destroyed it and I'm telling you right now, it's not gonna stop. Every day I get an there are tips I haven't even gotten to yet because this stuff was a priority and there's more coming. You destroy that evidence. I know exactly who did it.


And I know exactly why. All right, I'm gonna take a break. I got a lot more to get to including Kamala Harris last night in possibly, I'm saying this as objectively as I possibly can. In one of the worst interviews I've seen by a presidential candidate in a long time, a just a humiliating mess. Who the hell fails an open book test with notes in front of him on CNN when you're a Democrat? The the answer is Kamala Harris.


Folks feel The Greens. One of my favorite, favorite products out there. Here's the deal. Everybody knows healthy wholesome fruits and vegetables are the key to a, a good, healthy life. Everyone. And no, there's not a single person who's gonna tell you otherwise in the health space. Doctors, nurses, nutritionists, exercise physiologists. So why don't we eat 'em? I get it. They're a pain in the butt. They're perishable. you know, you leave sometimes. We're not the best cooks. I've got your field of greens and this is like your fruit and vegetable and shirts. It is my healthiest habit. Field of greens is healthy, wholesome, ground up fruits and vegetables. They ground 'em up into a powder. That's what they do. Healthy wholesome ones. Organic fruits and vegetables. It's what your body needs for proper nutrition. They were selected these fruits and vegetables specifically for specific benefits in your body. Only field of greens is backed by a better health promise. I love this stuff, folks can't vouch for it enough. At your next checkup, I bet your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition. Like me, I showed you my blood work many times. Just keep it right here or your money back. Don't miss this massive end of summer sale. They've been with me a long time. That's how much I love this product. Go to field of greens.com, use my code save to save on everything you need to jump on this deal before it goes away. Go to field of greens.com, field of greens.com code save field of greens.com. Trust me on this stuff. Send me your reviews, you're gonna love it. I like the lemon lime Wild Berry's another favorite of mine too. It tastes delicious.


Okay, back to the show. Kamala Harris did. What they're gonna pretend is an interview last night. It was not an interview, it was a friendly conversation between her and Dana Bash who followed up on basically nothing. you know, I'm getting tired of this thing when, when media people Don Bash is an opinion person, she's not a journalist. Let's stop pretending. It's not personal. I don't dislike this person. It doesn't matter if I dislike this person. Who cares? We got a country to save. The point is, Dana Bash is an opinion person. I played for you the clip yesterday where when they tried to kick Trump off Trump off the ballot, she's like, well unfortunately, unfortunately, I thought you were a news person. You just don't want Trump on the ballot.


So she's not an objective person. How Kamala Harris flunk this interview yesterday. It's just really hard to believe. And. you see CNN is my friend Mike Reach, they put the live thing in the court. It wasn't live, it was a recorded 18 minute interview that was edited and they won't even give us the transcript, which says to me the interview was probably worse than you think. Well, what would you know about a TV show? I don't know. I did one for two years. We were number one in a weekend, folks. You edited. It's an 18 minute, you can't run the whole thing. How long was your show? Five minutes. Here's Cub one. Here's Kamala Harris. Hilariously, despite the fact that she's changed her mind on the border street crime economic policy, she's changed her mind on fracking energy production.


I mean, you name it, she's changed her mind on it or pretends to change her mind or whatever. Or her staff's changed their mind. We don't even know. Here she is hilariously saying, no, no, everything's the same. I haven't changed. Take a look. How Should voters look at some of the changes that you've made, that you've explained some of here in your policy? Is it because you have more experience now and you've learned more about the information? Is it because you were running for president in a Democratic primary and should they feel comfortable and confident that what you're saying now is gonna be your policy moving forward? Dana? I think the, the, the most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions is my values have not changed.


Folks, this woman is so full of shit. It's really hard to believe she said that with a straight face. She does. She realize she's on video and audio and digital recordings taking completely opposite positions on issues. you know, whenever I want a good side by side clip of Kamala Harris bullshitting everyone and saying the completely opposite thing than she just said while claiming she didn't say it. I go to Maze Moore, M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E on X. Absolutely great account, put this together yesterday.


Here's Kamala Harris. It's about a minute, but pay attention. Here's her in the beginning on fracking, and here is her now on fracking. And I just played for the clip saying, no, I've never changed my mind. You tell me if Kamala Harris has in fact changed her mind by listening to who? Donald Trump? No, Kamala Harris take a listen. There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. you know that we have to just acknowledge that the residual impact of fracking is enormous in terms of the impact on the health and safety of communities. I think about this issue through the lens of my baby nieces who are one and a half and three years old. And when I look at those babies, And I, think about what the world will be like in 20 years if we don't act.


I'm really afraid, and as it relates to those Republicans in Congress where I've now been for two and a half years, every one of those members need to look at the babies, the grand babies in their life, and then look in the mirror and ask themselves why have they failed to act? And in 2019 you said quote, there is no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. Fracking, as you know, is a pretty big issue, particularly in your must win state of Pennsylvania. Sure. Do you still want to ban fracking? No. And I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020 that I would not ban fracking as vice president. I did not ban fracking as president. I will not ban fracking.


I love how she references the babies from the Democrat party. That's, it's like a sacrament to kill as many babies as possible too. I mean, you, you care about the babies. Here's a hint, fellas, what do you think, Michael? Don't kill 'em first. Just an idea. Just an idea. I, you gotta worry about the babies climate change. And they don't have to worry because you're obsessed with killing the babies, so there's nothing to worry about. You're killing them. Is she for real, folks? I don't have to say anything about Kamala Harris's changing positions. She says it herself. I have never seen a candidate so full of shit in my life. Folks, again, you may not like Trump, but the guy will sit in front of a camera and do two, 300 hours of interviews over the course of a month.


I'm talking about everything from drug addiction to abortion. I got, I didn't like his latest answer on abortion Trump. I let him know, but at least I know what he said. so I can, I can reach out and say, Hey guys, I, I think this is definitely not the right approach and at least we can have a debate. How do you debate Kamala Harris? I am, there's no question I want to ban fracking. Ah, Kamala banning fracking's a bad, a bad idea. I never said that. I love frack. You just said you were gonna ban fracking. I'm not gonna Oh, so you're, you're gonna help us push across some bills that help us hydro frack. No, no, no. I didn't say that. I'm in favor of banning fracking. You just said you're not from with I cannot believe there are some people falling for this bullshit.


This woman is full of crap. She is a total epic fraud. John Kerry lost that election against George W. Bush, a weak Republican candidate at best. you know why he lost folks? The Swift boat ev things he was saying about his service history that bothered people in the military. And another thing he got caught on camera saying I was for something before I was against it, which made him look phony. Kamala Harris is caught on camera with every single significant issue saying the exact opposite thing. If, if, if this woman wins, the people who vote for it, you deserve everything you're gonna get.


And believe me, you're gonna get it good and hard. Last night's interview was a disaster. There's no spinning it. CNN and others, some of them tried, but even the, this is quick, about 25 seconds. Even the liberals on this CNN panel, the defense of last night's interview debacle were really, really weak sauce for CNN. Trust me, in the back of their cerebral cortexes. They know last night was a shit show. Check this out. It wasn't a huge, I don't think she moved the ball that much forward. And I. Don't think there's a policy separation that they've created with Biden. Obviously she gave a kind of personal defense of him.


Now, you might not like the way she answered him, but she answered him as a capable, qualified leader. And I. Do think she, I think she moved the ball forward a little bit. Listen to me for CNN to give that weak, weak defense. This thing was a mess. Everybody knows it. I don't care what playbook's telling you. Axios, the commies in the media. That was a mess last night. She failed an open book test with notes in front of her. It's, it it Now you see why they don't wanna do interviews.


She sucks at everything. Everything. She's awful. Folks, I got an important segment coming up next folks in the chat. Yes you are. Or no you're not. You concerned about these voting machines? I am. It's a topic I haven't covered enough. I'm gonna show you a segment coming up and I'm going to do something very important, especially for the liberals who right now their diapers, either voting was conspiracy. Really? What are, what are the clips Michael one of'em My Cynthia. It's from NBCI believe, right? Yep. The, you know the big right wing outlet. NBC. I'm gonna show you a clip from NBC about voting machines.


I did this for a reason, not because NBC's an actual news outlet, but 'cause it's can be really hard for the dip. Shit scum. Losers on the left. Like the media matters. Clowns will be like, man, Dan Bonino is engaging in a conspiracy theory about voting machines really in conjunction with NBC. Fascinating. And play something from RFK first too. Because RFK has been a lifelong Democrat who is now turning more towards the libertarian side, but still has a lot of liberal issues. I'm concerned about these things. We're gonna Be very vigilant on election day. Don't use this as an excuse not to vote. I'm just telling you what's what's right is right. And there are some issues with these things. Stay tuned. We'll take our last break and I'm gonna get back to that.


Don't go anywhere. Email your friends. Tell 'em to tune in.


You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a terrible toll on your body. But there's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper, we're more focused and ready to tackle whatever difficult lives. Throw our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. Their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up. Refresh. You wanna try it? Beam's bestselling Dream powder is now being offered to Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Give it a try. Thanks Beam.


And our last sponsor today is our good friends at Jacked Up Fitness. Listen, your doctor's probably telling you you gotta get in better shape Health and Fitness matter. The best, best recommendation I can give you is to exercise. Get your cardio win. But strength training is super important. As we are all getting older, we cannot afford to lose our strength. There are correlates to bad health, which is poor strength. You gotta keep your muscle mass. It is like a bank of amino acids for you. I get it though. A lot of you don't want to go to the gym. The inflation gyms are super expensive. They're crowded. You ever go to local gym here by me at five o'clock? There's barely a dumbbell available. I got the solution for you. I love these guys. Jacked Up Fitness. They sent me a machine. I am very hesitant to try these all in. Once you guys have a picture of my machine, like this thing is amazing. That is my actual gym right there. The Jacked Up fitness machine. You could see that there. I had the back machines on folks. I do pull-ups on it. Smith Machine squads, bench presses, rows pull downs, tricep push downs, bicep curls, you name it, smooth as silk. This place is amazing. Love it. Please check it out. They're a proud American company. They love America. They do a lot of donations to Wounded Warrior Project as well. A million dollar value donation. So if you're looking to take charge of your health and buy from a company to help support veterans, go to get jacked up.com. Their equipment is really incredible, highly recommended. Get jacked up.com and there's a promo code. Get 10% off when you use promo code BUN Gino. Thanks. Jacked up Fitness, it's get jacked up.com. Really appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show. This clip of RFK, this interview went viral. He's talking, is he talking like Dr. Phil or something like that? But this doctor he's talking to Dr. Phil. RFK Junior is talking here about how the Comi left is trying to control the conversation in the country and how it's that the Kami left doesn't want us talking about voting machines. Well, why would they not? Anyone in the chat have any idea why they wouldn't want us talking about voting machines? Number one, what do I do when they tell us not to talk about it? I talk about it twice. 'cause now I know they're worried. The left used to talk about voting machines themselves when they were trying to steal elections. Republicans won, but now it's for voting.


RFKs clip went viral on this. This is pretty telling And. I want you to listen to what he has to say in these voting machines and how control of the language really works. Check this out. Have concerns about the integrity of this election coming up? I do. Democrats today are very angry at anybody who questions the election integrity. He shouldn't be in 2001. Every Democrat believed the election was stolen from Al Gore, you know, by the Bush administration. In 2004, I wrote an award-winning article for Rolling Stones, talking about the theft of the 2004 election and nobody called me on patriotic. you know, it's just, it's a fact.


We, we need to be responsible civically and everybody knows any machine could be act. What safeguards do we have in place to make sure that's, and that's what we should be talking about instead of getting angry at people for saying, you know, elections can be act. Let's talk about how we fix the system. We put a man on the moon, we have ATM machines on every block that never get hacked. We have, you know, the, you came from Las Vegas this morning. That entire city is built on machines that can count, right? Never make mistakes and never give you too much money back. And So, we can do it And. you need paper ballots. You need something to check the election and and that's what we should be talking about rather than did this one get acted to that one?


Well, if you love This clip went everywhere folks, because If, you are a normal, rational person. IE not a liberal. Crazy Libbys. We get it. Get your diapers on, change yourself. Get the wies. I know you're peeing your pants right now despite bitching about voting machines for the last 20 years. And then you finally stole one and you're like, don't ask me about voting machines. You're telling me voting machines are what? The only machines, digital hardware. Michael, you're Michael's a really ridiculously smart guy like a math major dude, And, everything like that. Paula sends him questions off my daughter's homework, said, Michael, can you figure this out, Michael?


you know computers pretty well, right? If it's a machine in any way connected to the internet, it can be hacked, correct? Yeah, it can. I'm not saying it is. I'm just saying the liberal's like, no, no, no, no, no. Not voting machines. They're a hundred percent, there's zero chance of them being high. Well that's ridiculous. You're full of shit. So I know liberals right now. You're crying, you're wetting yourselves. Mommy's coming in. Look, I got a bottle this cereal for I know, I get it. So I'm gonna do you a favor, liberals, but show you how full of shit you are, not me. I'm gonna show you a segment from NBC, your buddies on the communist side talking about how, oh, you know, these voting machines, they can never be hacked.


They're not connected to the internet. Really interesting. Let's check out what NBC your your communist buddies have to say about that. Check this out. New Alarms being raised about voting systems connected online in several states. Could that make them targets for hackers? nbc, Cynthia McFadden Now with the story, We've heard it at congressional hearings for years. Our voting machines are not connected to the internet. Those are not connected. Voting machines themselves are not connected to the internet. And, we knew that wasn't true And cybersecurity expert, Kevin Skoland wanted to prove it. So he and nine other independent security consultants created their own search engine looking for election systems online.


We found over 35 had been left online and we're still continuing to find more. ESNS insists, while there are 14,000 of its modems in use, there are firewalls separating those modems from the public internet and that the modems are turned on for just seconds. I Sorry checking. My skoland says that's not enough. We're seeing Illinois and Michigan Last summer. Klan's team found ESNS voting systems online in at least some of the precincts in 11 states, including the battleground states of Florida, Michigan, and Wisconsin. If you were able to get inside these systems, could you do more than perhaps mess up the preliminary results?


Could you actually get deeper inside the system? Absolutely. And that's, that's my biggest concern. That that's weird. That's my biggest concern too. That's so strange. I thought it was a conspiracy theory. I thought we're all crazy. Michael, what's our batting average on conspiracy theories again? A thousand. A thousand kids. A thousand Yes, sir. It's about a thousand. Ted Williams. Amazing. you know, babe Ruth Barry Bonds, they all had high batting average. No one hit it. No one bat a thousand. We did. We we're great on this. We have never lost folks. I'm not telling you they are hacked. I'm not telling you they're gonna be hacked 'cause I can't predict the future and the election hasn't happened yet. I'm just telling you, anyone telling you that it was a 100% chance that these things are safe and will never be hacked is absolutely full of shit.


Now liberals, because I know you're still not done evacuating your bowels and crying and mommy's coming down and giving you a little rub on the shirt. It'll be okay Bobby. It'll be okay. I get it. Here's another one of your homies, Jerry Nadler speaking of crap at himself. You ever seen that video? Here's Jerry Nadler, a die hard New York liberal and one of the dumbest guy, not the dumbest, I mean he's got nothing on Dan Goldman, one of the dumbest guys in Congress talking about actually something that's pretty common sense, which is strange for Jerry Nadler when he's not crapping himself, right? Maybe we should have paper ballot backups. It's not really hard. Kind of common sense, right?


Here's your boy Jerry natter. Tell me I'm crazy again. And it's a conspiracy theory. Check this out. If in fact someone were deliberately hacking these machines, you could steal millions of votes and no one would know it. And that's why the methodology is problematic now. There is no evidence that happened, but you can't prove it didn't either. And, you can't prove it won't next time. And that's why we have to have a paper trail. It it, it's incredible how when Republicans said, I'm not gonna say literally the same thing. Figuratively the same thing and almost, almost verbatim. We were called election deniers for saying the exact same thing. Maybe a conjunction or a period was moved or something.


The exact same thing. Hey, we should have a paper ballot backup system. So if there's an audit, I can go, oh look, there's Dan Bon Gino's ballot that doesn't marry up with the electronic record. Just an idea, folks. We win this election. This has gotta be the first thing we do. And you're counting on, I, I hope you're not counting on this, the media liberal goons are going to continue to run interference. And I am very concerned, very concerned from here to the election that not only is the media going to engage in Misfeasance by covering up for Kamala Harris, Tim Walls, that if they detect anomalies in the voting system, which is gonna start early because early voting starts September 6th, which is right around the corner in North Carolina.


That's By the way. That's insane. They're mailing out. But it's insane. I love North Carolina, but if Mark Robinson gets elected governor, that is insane. That is way too early. Way too early. The media will absolutely cover this up. Folks. I'm really worried about October. Surprise. I'm not trying to scare you. We can do this. We're fighters. you know, I looked at the, the freedom fighters in Venezuela. They knew that election was gonna be stolen and they went out anyway and they took pictures of their ballots and they did everything they could to take, could to take their country back. We have to do the same thing. We cannot mess around But. I am absolutely certain there is some October surprise coming.


I don't know what it is. I think it has something to do with the arrest of the Telegram founder, the new Russiagate, but I'm not sure yet. There was also an arrest of two guys who appear on the Russian network. They're trying to associate with this Trump team. So I'm, I'm a little worried about what they're gonna drop. But I want you to listen. Like, 'cause this is how these media people do this. They, they will, they don't care that history is gonna judge him harshly. Here's Joe Scarborough, the gold silver medal winner in our dopey media talking head of Olympics. You think this guy is embarrassed that he, he will go down in history as one of the media scumbags who helped steal the 2020 election by hiding the Hunter Biden story.


None of this bothers him at all. He still has a contract. He's not embarrassed. Advertisers still advertise on his show. He is on video saying patently false things about a story he knew at the time was true. The Hunter Biden laptop. Here's just about 40 seconds of this and nothing's changed. Those guy still has a show. Check this out And talk about Facebook having problems and Twitter having problems with a story that even the New York Post knew was a lie. They publish a series of lies, peed them by Rudy Giuliani, who admitted that nobody else would take it.


But Rupert Murdoch's, New York Post because they might look into it and tell the truth. Here we are in 2020. This is what it's come down to. America Giuliani is feeding Russian misinformation to Donald Trump and reading, feeding Russian disinformation to the New York Post. They know it's a lie. Yeah, well the New York, that's where we are in 2020. It's the New York Post. Yeah, just, just to let you know that they're still talking to Russians swirling themselves and By the way Russian hoax. Come on, join us really serious now. History. History will expose you all as fools and useful idiots for the Russians.


This is so unfathomably hard to get your arms around that. Not only is this asshole on his show lying about the laptop he knows is real. He does the worst dipsy do flipper roof I've ever seen and calls us Russian stooges for telling the truth. This moron still has a job. He would be the gold medal winner if it weren't for Joy Reid, who's hopelessly incompetent, stupid and just malicious. This guy is still on tv. You think he's gonna rescue us or something if another BS October surprise comes out?


What about this guy? Did you see this clip? This is how ugly these people are. I'm not talking about physically. Oh, some of 'em are. This is this. Did you see this? Ari Melbourne, Corey Lewandowski hit the other day. These people have absolutely no shame at all. Ari Melba on M-S-N-B-C, same network threatens on the air to sue Corey Lewandowski because Ari Melbourne had attacked President Trump or something like that about saying it was a spectacle. The thing on his ear, there's video of it. He threatens to sue him on the air And, you can see the clip right in the middle.


You judge for yourself. Take a look. Fox News, which has been caught in defamation, ran a false piece falsely stating that I said something else that I didn't say. So I, stand on that I stand on the New York Times court. So you didn't say this bandage was a proper spectacle from a candidate who did not say that. Obsessed with spectacles, Mr. That's fair. A placard for delegates to fill in an image for political mobilization, a spectacle for this candidate who we know is by his own admission, obsessed with assorted spectacles. These aren't Mr. Langowski. I did not say that. That is a false quote. Have right here. And, it's you. What you have is a false quote. So, we absolutely said it. What you have is a false quote. And if you, I'm putting you on notice.


If you continue to repeat falsely that I said that you will be potentially in a defamation situation because I didn't say that But I understand that you're working off the internet, which is a lot of false information. Well, this, this is what it said, right? Wish you luck with that. And Corey Lewandowski, we gave you time. So you would you coming Onion president for that. Thank you for joining me, Corey Lewandowski Trump 2024 And. we will be right back. Now, do you see why this country would be in such a different place for the better? Obviously if we didn't have such human filth in the media. We just played the clip of him saying it. He threatens to sue the guy on air for reading an exact quote. We just played the video of folks, do not let these people out of this.


Do not let them get to get away with it. You have a voice too. Twitter, x truth rumble. These other platforms out there have given conservatives a vehicle you did not have in the past to bypass the Walter Cronkite of the world. You gotta use it. People are watching what you're doing online. This is not just a let's make fun of the media segment. It is a, let's point out misinformation So. we can give you the tools to go and corrected. Kamala Harris is running on the border now as some kind of border cop. It is one of the most insane flips I have ever seen in my life.


She was the border czar when we have had the biggest border catastrophe at our southern border in US history. She was in charge. The Democrats in the media, the Scarboroughs, the re Melbournes, just people who cannot are, are incapable of telling the truth, will continue to hide this from America. It is your job to get it out there. Take this clip, it's not mine, and go and spread it. This happened yesterday on CNN two, John Berman with Caroline Levitt. Caroline Levitt is a spokesperson for the Trump campaign. She's fantastic. Known her for a while.


She was a con. I believe a congressional candidate knows what she's doing. She's on with this hack, John Berman, who again is trying to cover up the fact that Kamala Harris was the border czar. There's no disputing it. Watch what happens. And I'm glad she doesn't let him get away with it. Check this out. There's more domestic energy production right now than there's ever been in US history. And Kamala Harris was not the border czar. She was appointed to deal with the northern triangle. But let me, let me ask you a follow up to my initial question here. Even if what you say, taking your argument there, if the voters in all these states are seeing the vice president of the candidate as the candidate of change, does it tell you that maybe they are beginning to see a Republican nominee who's 78 years old and been running for president for nine years?


Is that beginning to have an impact? Well, just two things on your earlier points. Kamala Harris was named the Border Czar. She was appointed by Joe Biden in that position. And the truth is, the border has been a complete disaster. Everyone recognizes that. And energy prices, gasoline prices are still 50% higher today under Kamala Harris. Then they were under President Trump. And if you look further and deeper into these polls, if you look at the issues that matter to voter voters like immigration, like the economy, like foreign policy, where we've seen war erupt all over this world under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Do not let them get away with this. Everyone get ready, quote Bill Paxton, stop your grinning and drop your linen.


This is the clip I need you to save. Everybody ready? Hit the video recorders. The Z guy, the MAGA kitty lady and the people who thank you all for spreading my content around. We appreciate it. You guys and ladies are awesome. I want you to take this clip. Everyone needs to see this. This is politically damaging to Kamala Harris. And that is our job right now to show America the damage she's done to the country. Anyone telling you she's not the border Czar say, hold on, I've got a clip for you on my phone. I want you to play this one. I've asked her, the VP today, because she's the most qualified person to do it, to lead our efforts with Mexico and the Northern Triangle and the countries that help.


We're gonna need help in stemming the movement of so many folks stemming the migration to our southern border. I'm asking the VP to lead the effort to stem the migration to southern border. What the gals, are you gonna call she the, the Border queen, the Duchess. Was there another title to what part of to lead the effort? What? What part to lead the effort about the migration crisis at the southern border. What part of that do you not understand? John Berman. You see how they play the stupid word games?


This moron, I am so tired. These, I don't like them folks. Oh, stop calling. I hate these people because they're not stupid. They're demonic. This guy's not an idiot. He knows he's playing stupid word games. Dan, you have no evidence the media ever used. The term borders are Jack. Luckily my team is really smart. And I said, Dan, I think we should put a little cherry on top of this little cake here. I think we should show the same left wing media people who claim now in Word games that no, no, we never used the term borders are she was just in charge of the migration efforts at the southern border like a border czar.


We never use that term. And my homies here were like, let's play this clip just in case liberals try to wiggle their way around that one. Check this out, Quote unquote, border czar vice President Harris was not a border czar. Meantime Vice president and Border czar Kamala Harris facing some Backlash. What he said about Harris and immigration was not true. She was never appointed border Czar. And this will be her first visit to the US Mexico border Regent, since she was appointed as the border czar by President Biden. People Gonna have to counter the misinformation. You already hear folks talking about the border Czar. She wasn't the border czar. President Biden tapped Kamala Harris, vice President Kamala Harris to be the border czar. Now, she wasn't the border czar, that's what Republicans labeled her.


They Were very critical of Kamala Harris, especially in her role as Border Czar. Now, what she's up against is folks lying about her border record, calling her a border czar. Kamala Harris, who is appointed as the border c are The Biden team, didn't declare her the border czar. They wanted her to work on kind of the root causes of Immigration. There has been so much criticism against Kamala Harris. you know, she was the, the border czar Calling her sort of the border czar, which wasn't necessarily the case. So The border, if they weren't planning to address it in a major way, do not make her your border czar. She met with some of the Northern triangle countries, but nothing has effectively changed. Hat tip Media, research Center news busters over there. Folks, again, I I'm watching the chat here.


And I. I comrades that these people are Commies Pravda, you're, you're a hundred percent correct, but But I mean seriously. I'm, I'm not kidding. They're actually worse than Pravda. The old Soviet Union fake news outlet. They're worse than that because nobody in the Soviet Union expected Pravda to tell the truth. 'cause they'd all be murdered by the Soviet regime. So they just read it and assumed the opposite was true. These people could tell the truth. They're not gonna be hurt or killed. They may, I mean, politically, they may suffer some damage from liberals who prefer to be lied to. They just choose not to. They choose to be unethical and immoral and to lie to you to kiss Joe Biden and Kamala Harris's ass disgusting.


you know what? Well, you have the Milk Boys one. Do you guys have that from me yesterday? Do you have that? I was gonna end with Ben Stiller. Do you have it? Gimme one minute. I want, I wanna end with this today. I was gonna end with this Ben Stiller thing, this actor saying, yeah, I want change. But you know what? It's stupid. You want change from what? Biden Harris right now to Harris Harris. I mean, gimme a break. You guys know the Milk Boys? These guys just crush it. They have a really, really popular podcast show. Got a bunch of products. These guys are great. I met one of 'em at the RNC. Really, really nice guy. They did this bit. Have you seen this on a Friday? It's gonna put a smile on your face. One of the Nlk boys takes a Kamala Harris sign and he goes and puts it on this lady's lawn and then knocks on the door.


You guys, what's that? Is it Bo or so? No, no. Play it as a So folks, I'm gonna put a smile on your face for the long weekend. Check this out. Hi. Hello there. Hi. I work for the Harris and Waltz campaign. I want take it out. Take it off. No, I'm gonna leave it there. 'cause no, You're not gonna leave it there. Oh, why? Because I can't stand Them. Do you not support tampons in men's bathrooms? No, I don't support tampons in men's bathrooms. Why? Because tampons are for women. Where are they gonna stick it up their ass? Get it the fuck outta here. Get it outta my property. It looks good there though. Wait, don't hurt. Don't touch my sign. That's my sign. I don't give a shit. There are a bunch of fucking communists.


Shame on me. If we didn't get to that, that lady's a freaking hero. What are they gonna do? Shove it up their ass. That lady's a hero. So are the dope boys. They're great. That that is just hilarious. I thought you'd like that on a Friday, folks, thanks again for tuning in this three, okay, big announcement. Monday Labor Day Show. What is it? Seven 30 Eastern. 7:30 PM Eastern. We are gonna be broadcasting live right here on Rumble on this channel flag stock. You're gonna get a free concert. John Rich Cowboy Troy, I hear a John Andres's gonna be there. Also, I heard Aaron Lewis is gonna be there. It's gonna be Flag Stock.


The event for those fraternity brothers who saved the American flag from hitting the ground. It's gonna be Monday, 7:30 PM Eastern Time. Tune in. You're gonna get a free concert right here. I do a little intro on the show. You'll see it rumble.com slash bonino and please download the Rumble app. It means a lot to us. Give us a follow. Also while you're there and follow us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify's podcast app as well means a lot to us. Thank you so much for keeping us on the top of the charts. We deeply appreciate it. I will see you back here next week and on the radio show on Rumble in just a few minutes. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.