
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino Again, you are two to three weeks ahead of the news cycle. What did I tell you this one about a week ago? To be fair, precision matters. Did I not say there was a cadre to use a fancy SAT word of whistleblowers within the United States Secret Service ready to start speaking out? Did I not tell you that? Now another one's come forward, shocker. Saying, Hey, you know, the agent who did the site that day that led to the death of Corey Comparator and three people shot, really didn't know what they were doing that day and probably wasn't qualified.


It's like something I told you, Hey, I got a favor to ask you right away, as per Paula. So this means take it serious, Anita. Pin this to the top I, don, you know, Friday night and all. I can't, you get what I'm saying? Right. Paula was very upset that the newsletter is not growing 'cause I don't promote it enough. So I I promised her that I would put it out there. It is bonino.com/newsletter. We put out a daily newsletter with all the links to all our content articles of the day. Of course it's free. bonino.com/newsletter. Please go there. Subscribe, click that follow button. If. you don't, it's not me. I'm, I'm not personally, I'm just saying you don't wanna upset Paula.


You could upsetting Anita's bad enough. I'm upsetting Paula. I, I don't even want to go there. That could get ugly fast. bonino.com/newsletter. Everyone in the Bonino army, you, you must subscribe. It is mandatory for membership. It is of course free and we will not spam your inbox. I'm just saying, I'm just saying,


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. Go get it now at a good night sleep last night. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino


big show. We got some serious stuff to talk about with just explosive new body cam footage emerging about the scandalous secret service security. Fa I mean apocalyptic deadly failure and everything we've been talking about is coming out. I'm not kidding, you're now, you're a month ahead of the news cycle. Everything we told you on the Monday after it happened, go back and watch is now filtering out and it's, you know, breaking news in the media. I wish it were breaking news a month ago when it happened. Hey, can you feel it now? Something big is coming.


Stop what you're doing and listen to this. You think the same government that fails you everywhere and is trying to take away your rights is gonna prepare you in case of an emergency. I'm sorry, bs. There's not a chance you need to prepare. Self-reliance will give you peace of mind. That's it. You got water filtration. You should, what about a solar generator that's charged you better emergency food on your shelf and an absolute must get it today. Don't wait. Go to My Patriot Supply. Having served millions of American families, me included, my Patriot Supply is one of the most trusted names in survival and for darn good reason, go to my patriot supply.com right now. Save $200 on their bestselling three month emergency food kit run. Don't walk. This is the last week to take advantage of this offer delivers over 2000 calories a day. Sealed inside. Practically Unpersonable Packaging lasts up to 25 years that I mentioned it. Taste good too. Again, this is the last week to take advantage of this huge savings on three month emergency food kits. Go to my patriot supply.com and save $200 per kit. The price will never be this slow again, free shipping's included my patriot supply.com.


All right fellas, Big show today on a Friday. Huge show. First, remember my suspicions early about this taking a bath strategy that's going on right now in some, not to redo a prior show, but I told you that they're, I'm getting from whistleblowers that are coming out left and right now. Folks, I'm candidly having a hard time prioritizing which whistleblowers 'cause some of them tell you the same stories as other ones and I'm losing track of who's telling me what I told you. There are people within the Secret Service, FBI, the intelligence community. Listen, listen, this is super important, okay? They are really worried right now that Donald Trump is gonna win this election. They were terrified with Biden in, there's a little bit of peace of mind now.


'cause some of them think this Kamala bump is real and she could win. But they were terrified with Biden 'cause they saw it as a F of complete. They thought Trump is in here and basically they're all afraid of losing their jobs. They know they're part of deep state, multiple deep state conspiracies to censor conservatives attack Donald Trump. You get the point. They saw the writing on the wall and all of them are taking a bath. In other words, they just like they do in the business world, throw all the bad news in one report. Get it outta the way. So what they're, you've seen is all of this information is coming out just in the last few weeks. Folks, you really believe this is a coincidence. Of course, You don't. You all are smart.


They're getting it out there to try to get back and get on the good side of the Trump administration and conservatives. And I said to you, be very suspicious about this stuff. One of the stories the other day was about this Pakistani guy. They were like, we got this guy trying to kill Donald Trump. And everybody's like, yes, the D-O-J-F-B-I. You guys are amazing. And what did I tell you the other day? I said, Bravehearts, hold, hold. I don't believe anything coming out of our d oj one of our go-to sources on deep state. Man, this is Mike Ben. He puts out this tweet yesterday, which immediately grabbed my eye 'cause I follow him.


He says, remember the Pakistani guy just arrested for the plot to assassinate Trump? Well, the FBI gave him special permission to enter the country even though he was on the Terror watch list. Here's the John Solomon article from just the news that's attached. The FBI allowed Raza Merchant, who's charged with plotting with Tehran to assassinate Trump to enter the US in April with special permission known as a significant public benefit parole, even though he was flagged on the terror watch list and recently traveled to Iran. Folks we're getting to the point now where for us to suspend disbelief, you know, you go to a movie and you pretend it's real.


You know, you're watching hope floats when the kid runs out, remember? And the dad doesn't wanna remember. It's, you know, it's an, they're acting, right? It's so, it's, I hate that long story, but you ever see that scene, the kid runs out and the dad leaves and the kid starts crying. Man, that always gets me. It's fake. It didn't happen. It's not a real dad. But we suspend disbelief. Do you know how much suspension of disbelief you have to engage in now to believe that there's not some malfeasance going on? This is ridiculous. Can this freaking government get anything right? Special permission to enter the country? Folks, I'm asking you a favor here as a friend.


Trust absolutely no one. Absolutely no one. They have not earned your trust. They don't deserve it. Nothing they're telling you believe at first. Nothing, nothing. Believe at first glance, zero, I told you last week that there were a bevy of whistleblowers coming out. It's for a lot of reasons. A lot of guys are retiring Now, listen, folks, their motives for being whistleblowers, I don't know, I can't get in their heads. I I'm not, I'm not their priest. I'm not here to give people absolution for their sins. Moral of, you know, that's not my job. All I'm telling you is people are coming out of the woodwork now to me, Susan Crabtree, Julie Kelly, and others, and you're seeing this bevy of people trying to out what happened at this secret service debacle.


'cause they can't believe a guy was murdered there and how incompetent this site was. If, you believe the incompetence theory, now you're seeing it again. Josh Hawley's reporting that a whistleblower came out to him now and said, listen, the, i, the agent in charge of that site in Butler, Pennsylvania was completely, absolutely unqualified to do it. That a bunch of people are coming out. Susan Crabtree, I think is the exact same story. I'm now doubly suspicious because the security failures here were so obvious at this site that we have to start talking about potential criminal negligence. That's a hard thing to say. You're talking about a big burden of proof here. You're talking about a burden of proof in a constitutional republic are beyond a reasonable doubt.


But Ladies and gentlemen, the factors that led to the murder of Corey Comparator and the shooting of three other people, Donald Trump included, are just getting really hard to ignore at this point. I'm not ignoring them. I'm not talk, I, you know, someone tweeted out the other day, why is no one talking about this? I don't, what? What are you talking about? We've been talking about the assassination attempt. Freaking every day for a month. I'm not letting this go. The freaking left is still talking about January 6th. It was almost four years ago. This is brand new. I'm not letting this go. You wanna let it go? Fine. I'm not. I want you to watch some of these body cam videos that just came out. We're gonna go through 'em. And. I'm gonna give you an insider's perspective. You're not gonna get anywhere else. First, this is the, this one's only interesting for this reason.


You gonna run this on vo. I think it's probably the best way to do it. I want you to watch what happens. And this is more for security professionals out there, secret service and others included. I know you guys know this. This is not a lecture. I'm not telling you 'cause you didn't do anything wrong, but it all, it helps us all people who are in this space and people who may consult in this space now and in the future. I want you to remember what happens when we do the wrong thing. When we do the wrong thing, people die. Chaos happens and you get scenes like this. Here's a body cam from a police officer is people run This looks like folks an episode like the Walking Dead. Like nobody knows what to do. People are screaming, this guy, can we have audio to this?


I want hear this little bit. You are gonna hear at one point he's yelling out, if you're not law enforcement, you need to have this poor guy coming over to help. No one even knows if there's an active gunman. There could still be an act. This could have been a multiple person attack like the Malcolm X attack where they shot from one direction, or excuse me, created chaos in one direction and the firearm was in the other direction. Do you understand how dangerous this is? You need to understand that they didn't even know that this was the end. And you see people just roaming, milling around everywhere. Again, a warning to security professionals, when things break bad, they break really bad. And the fog of war. If you're not law enforcement guy here, hear it now.


Thanks. When the fog of war kicks in, don't assume like there's gonna be some plan all it's like what Mike Tyson said once, he said it jokingly, but he wasn't joking. They said, Hey, this guy's got a plan to fight you, whatever. Was it Spinks or whatever? And he said, everybody's got a plan till I punch him in the face. When it breaks bad Ladies and gentlemen, it breaks really bad. This I wanna show you as well, here's one of the officers trying to get on the roof as they find out that they have a target on the roof that's getting ready to take a shot at Donald Trump. I want you to keep in mind as this is happening, Donald Trump is still on the stage.


Donald Trump is there at the event. He has not been evacuated yet. This is an officer giving another officer the boost. You'll see him giving him a boost, you'll see on the body cam, and he takes a look and they see the shooter. Now you'll see he pops over the roof. He takes a look, guy points a gun at him. Boom, right back down folks. What in the was Donald Trump still doing on stage? Again, the we're we're getting into the realm of criminal negligence at this point. You've got a guy on the roof who is now manually on the roof, on the, like actually there manually is probably a poor word.


He's physically on the roof. He can visually see the guy with the firearm getting ready to take a shot and Donald Trump has still not been evacuated on the stage. You need to understand the hierarchy at a security event of secret service officials to understand who, 'cause if right now we wanna seek blame and that's the right thing to do, don't let anybody in this secret service go, oh, it's not about who to blame the f that shit. It is about who to blame. You were given a job, keep this guy alive and you didn't, someone got killed at an event and Trump nearly, you know, it was nearly, his head was blown off almost. What are you crazy?


The hierarchy at events is very simple. You've got a lead advance agent that runs the entire trip. That site included, that person needs to be fired. You've got a site advance agent at that site and you've got a supervisor who oversees it all. A field office supervisor. Folks, how those people still have jobs is perplexing. It's absolutely stunning. But the site agent, the one responsible specifically for that site, the lead and the supervisor we can get to later, but the site agent personally responsible how they did not get this guy off the stage right there at that set.


This, he shouldn't have been on the stage at all, but assume this is just regular negligence and not potentially criminal negligence. Okay? Assume it's just regular stupidity. This is why this is abnormal stupidity, regular stupidity. You take him off the stage, the minute you find a guy with a rangefinder until you can locate who the guy is and you never let Trump on the stage. Now you have, you have physically managed to get on the roof and made visual contact with a guy pointing a gun at you, and he's still on the stage. Now you understand why people out there are like, no, no, this has to be, this has to be an inside job.


Now you understand why people, they see, they simply can't fathom this kind of stupidity. They can't. I want you to watch this. This is after the shooting. This thing where this site was so poorly designed. They allowed an assassin to get at a a a, A visual and physical high point, take a shot at three people and kill one. They allowed with no access to the same high point themselves. Imagine not only, again, this is what I'm talking about, criminal potential criminal negligence here, okay, you let a guy access a tactical, visual high point, you let him, that's bad enough, but you don't even have a way to access the same high point yourself.


So if he gets up there, you were in turn locked out. And he has the tactical advantage against a group of trained protection agents and police officers. I can, this is just borderline criminal negligence here. Watch the chaos here. They still can't get up on the roof. This is after We have a unit on the roof. We have a unit on the roof. A Look at this. They don't know how many shooters are there. Some of them understandably still look like they're taking cover. Oh look, we finally get up on the roof up Again.


Keep in mind, this is not the local law enforcement's fault. I can't say this enough. Keep watching. It is absolutely not. The secret services job was to secure this site and to make sure that that roof line was at a minimum accessible so you could go and patrol it. If, you don't have a steady post there. They did nothing. Now they finally get to the guide. This is way after the damage has been done and a murder's happened. Folks, this is, to describe this as inexcusable is probably the nicest thing I could say. Again, this is, you have to investigate this.


I believe at this point as potential criminal negligence, I cannot describe to you in the hierarchy of secret service assignments that day, how the site agent, whose only job was to secure that site, not only missed it once, missed it twice, missed it on game day, missed the target, missed an access point to the target, and never even got to the target or facilitated communication to get to the target until after the target had been neutralized. I wanna bring this up too. Notice how long it took 'em to get up on that roof, folks, thankfully, this is just a hypothetical, but it may not be in the future with continued failures like this.


Just imagine for a moment, just one small moment in time. If that counter sniper team for the Secret Service had not neutralized that target with that shot or say missed the local team shot, missed the Secret service team one shot and they killed him. Can you imagine for a second if they hadn't, and this guy managed to move around and secrete himself again behind these buildings, he had enough ammunition to engage in what would've been a mass, mass murder. Can you imagine how bad this thing was? How bad it would've been if that counter sniper team wasn't forced to unscrew the big time F ups of this site agent?


Just think about that for a second. This thing only ended because of a miracle shot by a counter sniper team that should have never ever been put in that position ever. They couldn't get on the roof. You give a guy the tactical visual high ground with no way to access it. I, this is not even security like 7 0 2. It's like security 1 0 1, like kindergarten security. And again, for anyone out there like, oh, Monday morning quarterbacking one, go after yourself. Okay, Monday morning, this isn't a football game. A guy was murdered in front of his family, three people were shot.


You could shove that up your ass. I'm gonna play for you some more videos coming up in a second, including one where everybody agno, this is the i I keep in mind, no one's been fired here. Not only has no one been fired, from what I hear, the agents who did this are still on protection despite being on video, acknowledging they quote fd up, acknowledging it. Whew. I get it man. I totally, completely understand. And I am open to anything at this point. Why you guys and ladies feel like you? I understand.


I understand.


Hey, I've tried a lot of protein bars, but they're always the same. They're very chewy and dense and chalky. You don't really taste good. They crumble apart in your hands. That's why I was really excited when I heard about the launch of Magic Spoon Treats. They're really good. You probably know Magic Spoon for their super popular high protein cereal that's gotten 75,005 star reviews. Well, they have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their cereal into high protein treats that are light crispy. It tastes just like the classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons. Brand new treats are so delicious. They've already become one of our favorites. My family loves them. Every treat has 11 grams of protein, one gram of sugar, and four net grams of carbs so you can feel good about what you're eating. I like the weird chewiness of a lot of these protein bars. Magic Spoon treats have a delectable, crispy, and airy texture with six delicious nostalgic flavors including marshmallow, chocolatey peanut butter, blueberry and double chocolate, birthday cake and strawberry milkshake. Magic spoon treats are a tasty time machine back to your childhood. Magic Spoon Treats are perfect for a pre-workout while hiking or as a midnight snack. I've been a big fan of Magic Spoon Cereal for years. It's why we're really excited to partner with them For the launch of treats. Scoop up these new crispy, crunchy protein packed treats in your nearest grocery store. Magic Spoon. Hold on to the dream. Go check 'em out. Magic spoon.


Oh, okay. Let's go back to the show folks. This is folks, it is, again, this is just really shocking stuff. These videos are damning. Here is another video of agents and police officers after action after this target's been neutralized. Basically acknowledging on tape, this is not even a reasonable suspicion case. This is, is beyond a reasonable doubt at this point. They clearly screwed this up. Listen to this. No, no. Is he a shooter? Did he have a weapon? Is he That was, that was the report. I thought you were on the roof. I thought it was you. I thought you guys were on the roof.


Why were we not on the roof somewhere? Why? Why weren't we? I'm saying this was a up somebody. This is not reasonable suspicion. Everybody's acknowledging on tape that this was a major screw up. It gets even worse folks. This would've been a mass murder. If not for that Secret service counter sniper, a mass murder. There could have been 5, 10, 15 people killed. Donald Trump could have been shot. Again, remember, that's security team on stage. Don't assume their ballistic capabilities.


There were enough to respond to multiple, multiple attacks. He could have moved, could have shown his head, could have creeped up, could have went to grab a shoe. Whatever happened, he could have been dead. They couldn't get to him for five minutes. Here is the isolated audio of a local police officer at the scene saying repeatedly that he warned the Secret Service about this tactical visual high point. How this was gonna be a threat area. Listen to this and tell me again, tell me again. This was just a simple accident or just basic ignorance. Check this out. I Told them they need to post the guys over here.


I told them that the, the secret service, I told 'em that fucking Tuesday. I told 'em to post fucking guys over here, Folks, this is what's called evidence. Now for those of you out there who are, who are not really experienced in the tactical space, you know, understandably, I'm not experiencing the electrician space. Doesn't mean anything. It's just what we do and what we don't do. The high ground is valuable. It gives you visual superiority and dominance over the battlefield. Number one, the higher you are and second, it is harder to shoot up to hit a target than it is to shoot down.


You have really simple things like bullets will travel down but, but bullets won't travel up and over. So if I'm over a wall like this shooting and you are down there, you can shoot all you want, all you're gonna do is hit the wall. However, I can almost spray and pray. And I've got, as you saw at the Las Vegas shooting. Another thing we still don't have answers on when I have the high ground it, I mean it is, it is tactically so dangerous for the people on the ground. You never, ever forfeit the high ground ever to leave it open like that with no access point.


Folks, this is inexcusable. Even for a low level protectee, there should have been eyeballs on that. There should have been an access point on that. There should have been some way to clear that If there was a problem If, you weren't gonna post it. Now here comes the question that I have as someone who, again, did this for over a decade of my life. What in the, was the site agent, the special agent from Pittsburgh, assign that site who probably had upwards of at a minimum two days at a maximum maybe a week. That's enough time to get a strong security plan together.


It's not ideal two days, but you can do it. I've done sites in a day. You can do it. If she was given between two to five days or two to seven days, or he, whoever it was, was given to do that site, how the hell did they miss this? And if they did, why do they still have a job? I want you to watch this clip from Jesse Waters Show. It's an interview with Josh Hawley. It's a quick minute clip where Hawley talks about exactly this. I told you whistleblowers are coming out because the agent I'm hearing from people should not have been doing that site at all. Check this out. Josh Hawley's been speaking with these whistleblowers and he joins us now.


Senator, what have these whistleblowers been telling your office? Well, what they've been saying, Jesse, is that this individual, the site agent, the lead agent, was known to the Trump campaign to be inexperienced, to be ineffectual, to be frankly incompetent at their job. While I'm also told by whistleblowers that on that day she was not enforcing the normal security protocol. She was not checking people's IDs. She did not use Secret Service agents. Most of the agents there that day were not secret service agents. They were Homeland Security agents and get this Jesse, most of them had never worked a rally before. And yet this is who she chose to staff the event with. And she didn't train 'em or integrate 'em from top to bottom. It was a total disaster.


Jesse. It is a miracle. A miracle. Not only that Trump is alive, but that more good Americans were not killed. It's unbelievable Here. Here's my only favor. I have to ask from Senator Hawley and and Jesse And I. I say this respectfully, And I. It's no fault of anyone. I, I don't understand being a US senator like he does. We, we have to make sure, and folks, this is for you too. I'm gonna give you Secret service 1 0 1. Please do not conflate the terminology because they're different people and if we do, we're gonna lose sight of this because believe me, the left wants to make this story go away 'cause it paints Donald Trump as a sympathetic figure. There are.


You notice the Chiron at the end, I dunno, If, you guys can pull it up against the end. This it says lead agent. The lead agent and the site agent are not the same thing. You have to be very careful. This is not just some word game I'm playing. The reason is If, you subpoena the secret service there. Stay right there. If, you subpoena the secret service and ask him about the lead agent. That's a different person. The lead agent, special agent is responsible for the whole trip, the airport, the site, the motorcade, the lz, the landing zone, everything. That's a different person.


I'm not telling you don't have a role in this. They were the lead agent. The site agent is the one who was specifically responsible for that site. Don't screw this up because the Secret Service benefits. If we don't nail down who exactly we're looking for. If I wanna talk to people in order, I want to talk to the site agent first. That was the agent that was their only job was that site. The lead agent. Second And, I. Wanna talk to the field office supervisor third? 'cause that's the order of responsibility for that specific site. Don't screw it up. Make sure you get the terminology done 'cause this is how they lose you. This is where a guy like me can help you.


I've been asked, you know, I want a hat tip. Couple members of Congress who reached out to me. I'm not gonna say who they are, but you know, thank you there. So folks, in case you think I go, damn, why aren't people calling you? They are many times a matter of fact. Dan, can you clear this up? Can you clear that up? I'm here for you as a resource. I'm only here for the truth. That is it. I got no agenda in this. None. It's not a partisan agenda. I don't wanna see Biden or Kamala Harris hurt either or RFK. No one don't mess the two up or you're gonna find the secret service's gonna play word games with you. Oh, you meant the ci, you said the lead agent. They're not the same thing. I'm gonna get back to this in a second because there's no excuse Ladies and gentlemen for what is happening right now.


I got that. I wanna get to the Trump presser yesterday. A lot of breaking news yesterday. Quick break.


Burnout, welcome to our newest sponsor, Burnout. When it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. What if there are a way to defend yourself? Deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force burner's, non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitated an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. You just need to provide protection to ensure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I've trained with firearms most of my adult life. Let me tell you, the pistol burner sent me is one of the easiest to learn and use. If. you don't own a firearm. It's an amazing option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit burner.com/dan now for a 10% discount. Exclusive to my listeners today. That's B yna burna.com/dan. Check it out. You're gonna love this product.


And our last sponsor today, before we get back to the show, is coin. Probably the number one question I get from listeners all the time. How can I get in the conservative fight into the parallel economy? Well, it's critical to know where your dollars are going. You know a lot of these credit card companies, they funnel money to liberal causes and candidates hoping you don't notice. Now you have a choice coin, C-O-I-G-N. It's America's conservative credit card. Find them at COIG n.com With every transaction you help coin advanced conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. It's a great looking card. You'll take pride in using. It's a bright red with we the people on the front. You like that? Coin works everywhere. Visa's accepted and comes with a 100% US based customer service and consumer protection team. If the only, it's the only card worthy of your wallet, start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now at C-O-I-G-N coin.com. COIG n.com. Be sure to select the Dan Bond. Bongino Show please. And how did you hear about a section? We really appreciate a terms apply. Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details. Thank you coin. We really appreciate it folks, just finally on this thing before I get to the Trump presser.


That agent right now should not be working protection. That agent who screwed this up at that site and left that visual tactical high point open with no access point, committed an unforgivable sin. The negligence is so severe at this point that I believe there should be a criminal investigation at this point. Everybody is on tape talking about this being a screw up. There is absolutely no excuse for any of this. There is no plausible deniability at this point. So yesterday was a big day. It was the first time on the radio show. We covered a press conference for a whole hour. It was a big deal for those of you in the chat who watched the radio show yesterday, how did you feel about that? I'd love your feedback.


I, I felt it was really important on live radio to take the entire presser yesterday. So, you know, we made the executive decision, of course it's gotta be breaks. It's a radio program. There are programmed in breaks, you can't get out of that. However, I thought it was important and the presser was very telling. The first point I wanna make about the press conference yesterday with Trump is, can Kamala Harris do that? And the answer is no. Why? Because she doesn't do that. Kamala Harris refuses to do press conferences and make herself available. Why Kamala Harris a ghost? She's not even a real candidate. Did you see what's happening now with Kamala Harris? Every single position she's taken in the past, which has been communist government, run healthcare, defunding the police, open borders, illegals getting healthcare that you pay for.


Do you notice her team is leaking to the media behind the scenes without putting a name to it? Oh, I shouldn't believe it anymore. Fracking? Oh no, she's not saying it. She's a ghost. And what I'm hearing from liberal Alice, I think I read this in playbook this morning, that's like the liberal kind of a dog whisperer, right? Political playbook said this morning. Their strategy right now is be as vanilla as possible. Do absolutely nothing. Don't screw up and let Donald Trump talk that, that I'm just telling you that's what they're reporting. You will not hear anything from Kamala Harris. She's ducking everywhere. I think it's disgraceful. Trump sat out there yesterday for over an hour and answered questions here. Was this, this was a big hit on her yesterday. And I. I don't expect the media to do anything but she can't hide for long.


But I'm folks, I'm gonna warn you though, we have to stay on this. I shouldn't say she can't hide. She absolutely can. This basement strategy. Don't laugh. They did it last time with Biden and Fleeced the damn thing. Okay, so let's not pretend like, oh she's gonna have to talk to the media eventually. No she's not. It's gonna require the Trump team to pressure them. Check this out 'cause I'm letting their convention go through And. I am complaining a lot. I'm doing tremendous amounts of taping here. We have commercials that are at a level I don't think that anybody's ever done before. Plus in certain cases, I see many of you in the room where I'm speaking to you on phones, I'm speaking to radio, I'm speaking to television.


Television's coming over here. Excuse me, what are we doing right now? She's not doing any news conference. You know why she's not doing it? 'cause she can't do a news conference. She doesn't know how to do a news conference. She's not smart enough to do a news conference. And I'm sorry, we need smart people to leave this country. Folks, we gotta keep the squeeze on. Listen to me please as your friend again, I'm just a soldier in this army with you. I've been doing this though a long time. If, you think for a second that she can't sit there and hide for the next now 87 days. You are crazy. They've already done it with Biden.


They already did it. Fleecing it or not Fleecing it. Even If. you believe Biden won 2020? Legitimately I don't. But even If, you do this, the thieving it, the media coverups and the hiding strategy work. I've got evidence. You don't, oh she can't hide for yes she can. It is gonna be up to us to pressure her to get in front of the camera because when she does, she's terrible. That's why she can never get off teleprompter. This segment was hilarious. Waters did this hat tip Fox News. He did a side-by-side of two separate. Well what are they? Two separate. Two separate Kamala Harris speeches.


They are separate, they're in different states. I want you to listen to the side-by-side. You cannot get her off the prompter if you're a Democrat, she's worse than Biden. Listen to her on prompter giving the exact same speech in two separate states. She doesn't even care that you notice. Watch this So good to be back in Michigan. Listen, lemme tell you, I am clear the path to the White House runs right through this state. And listen, I am clear. The path to the White House runs right through this state. I took on perpetrators of all kinds. I took on perpetrators of all kinds and had a summer job at McDonald's.


I had a summer job at McDonald's. So hear me when I say so Hear me Detroit when I say I know Donald Trump's type. I know Donald Trump's type. And are we ready to fight for it? And are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight, we win. Kamala's plagiarizing herself and Trump. I thought fight, fight, fight was his line. Folks, that's that's two completely separate speeches. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, watch the waters clip on Rumble or watch it on his show.


And it's, it's hilarious. It's the exact speech. But you gotta remember, I saw someone tweet this out this morning. Forgive me don, don't remember who it was. The Democrats vote like robots. You know, we've got this kind of, we've got this good and bad side to individualism. And I don't mean good and bad side morally or ethically. Put that aside. I'm not getting into I I'm, I'm not the holy Father. I'm not judging you. I'm talking about just in terms of tactical wins. The good thing about us is we don't think like robots. We're individuals and we're proud of it. We're, we're, we're, we're hardworking and we have to make our own way. I forget stupid moral thing. I'm, I'm not getting into that.


I'm not trying to like lecture you. The downside to that is being individuals. We don't vote like collective robots. We're thinkers morally that's great. And ethically it's not great. Tactically the Democrats don't think about anything ever. I assure you not a single person who is a quote moderate Democrat has thought through any of Kamala Harris's communist positions because they don't know them. If, you don't think they can win this thing by her sitting on her ass, hiding from the media and giving the same, the literal same speech over and over. You are crazy folks.


Get out and vote early. I can't say this enough. Am I annoying? You Say yes in the chat. Yes you're, 'cause that's how I know I need to say it again. If I'm not annoying you, you gotta go away. I'm, I'm trying to annoy you into voting. Vote early. There is going to be a problem on election day. They are gonna say, oh my gosh the water main's broke. There's a cyber attack from Iran. We ran out of Printer Inc. How many examples do you need? It already happened in Arizona to carry lake and them get out and vote early. If you don't vote early. You are taking a massive chance, a massive chance.


Get out and vote early. Tell me, please say Dan, shut up. I'm tired of hearing it then I'm saying it again. We can't lose anyone telling you, oh this is over. I had a friend say that the other day. Smart guy too. Ah, this thing's over. This is not over. This is not over stop. It's not even close to over. I thought Trump did good at the presser yesterday. They do have to stay a little bit more on target Now this isn't the Biden race anymore, it's the Kamala Harris race and we've gotta stay on target. We can't get distracted. We can't get distracted.


It's not a knock. Everybody get distract distracted on stuff. No candidate's. Perfect. I get it. Trump's greatest benefit is he doesn't speak in focus group tested talking points. We gotta stay on target. This is a message that's gonna resonate. Is it economically the sound this way the tax people are not tax people. Probably not folks that cat's out of the bag. The tax code is shit. So we might as well take advantage of it at this point. Okay, I'm sorry but if they're not gonna fix the tax code and we can use the tax code to win elections and then hopefully fix it permanently later, then we should do it too. You wanna play cutesy time?


Fine. Go to a different show. Isn't that show? Here's Donald Trump yesterday talking about his proposal to cut taxes. If not eliminate them on tax on, excuse me, on tips in the service industry. And, I. Wanna, I wanna tell you something important here about social security too. 'cause it's kind of funny how the left doesn't give a shit about social security going bankrupt, which their own actuaries have pointed out. This is going bankrupt. But now all of a sudden when it comes to cutting taxes on social security, which I don't think is a terrible idea by the way, now all of a sudden left like, oh my gosh, social security's gonna go bankrupt. It's already going bankrupt. Now you give a shit when people get more money in their wallet. Kind of weird, huh?


Listen to this. I'm gonna destroy social security. I am going to leave social security. I'm not raising the years. I'm not raising the age. I will be saving social security and I'm gonna work it out that there's no tax on social security for seniors. I'm also doing no tax on tips, no tax on tips. So waiters, waitresses, caddies, people that drive cars, people that get tips who have been harassed by this government. We're gonna have no tax on tips. That's a big thing. Again, the tax code is a mess folks, let me be clear 'cause don don't wanna be a hypocrite. I am a supporter in order of a fair tax then a flat tax, the fair tax, you're gonna have a really tough time.


The Democrats lie about it all the time. They'll say something like, damn patto, what's our national sales tax? What they don't tell you is it eliminates all the other taxes. It's a political hard sell. However, it's the most efficient. The next best way, If, you can't get that would be a flat tax right across the board. That's it. You get a 15% tax and that's it Across the board. Capital corporate income, that's it. No debt taxes, no nothing below that. I would like some reform to the brackets in the individual. don don't wanna get into this whole big thing. I don't wanna do an economic section. All I'm telling you is we're not there at any of that yet.


We're not because swampy Republicans and Democrats love carve outs. They love high taxes. So when their buddies come in and go, Hey, I'm in the plastics industry, oh look, we'll give you a special carve out. They benefit from it. That's why they love the shitty tax code. So if they're gonna use the shitty tax code to subordinate and subjugate us, then we're gonna use it too. Good for you. Cut taxes on tips. And you know what, If, you are a senior. You've already paid taxes your entire life. What the hell are you paying taxes on Social security for? Now, the guy who wrote this piece in the Wall Street Journal, to be fair, is not a liberal and he's, he's not wrong about the inefficiency of the tax code.


However, this guy, again, this guy's not a liberal, I'm not attacking him. It's just fascinating how liberals will jump on this specific talking point that taxing social security they think is fair. Well, I don't, and they note that well listen, if 85% of the benefits subject to income tax, they know 50% goes to Social security and 35% to Medicare. They note that this would basically screw up Social security and make it insolvent by 20, 36 years earlier than expected. This is incredible. Social security is going insolvent and so is Medicare and so is Medicaid by the way, they are bankrupting the United States government. You really believe a tax cut for seniors is the problem.


I'm not knocking this guy his, his article's economically sound on the economics front. However, seniors shouldn't be paying taxes on social security and we should be revamping this whole thing. And if we've gotta use these tools to politically take over and fix this economy, then shit man, we're gonna do it Freaking cutesy. Time is over man. By the way, you wanna see cutesy time really over, did you see this clip from the five the other day? Hat tip producer Jim Gutfeld has just been tearing it up lately on the five I I, I know Greg but I haven't spoken to about this at all. I promise you he doesn't like send me clips behind the scenes or anything like that.


I've known Greg a while and the one thing about Gutfeld is when his bullshit meter is pegged, you can tell on the five. don don't know if he went in that day and was like, I'm not gonna listen to bullshit. But Jessica Tarloff, who's one of the liberals, you know they have Herb Marie, Harold, Harold's not so much a liberal, he's more, but you get the point. They always have a democrat on the panel on the five. Jessica went in and wanted to spout some ridiculous liberal talking points about tampon. Tim and Greg made this great point, folks, this is worth every second how for liberals, this is gonna be your downfall. I love how you always tell us conservatives like what's good for us? You don't know shit about us. Okay? So just stop. We know about you though 'cause we watch your stuff In this clip, he's telling Jessica something that should be obvious to you.


Liberal nut bags. You are supporting stuff that mainstream American parents, workers, people with their under their fingernails think is ridiculous. You can continue to fight for it, but we're laughing at you the entire time. You're not obligated to defend every dumb ass idea that comes outta your stupid party. Listen to every second of this. This is really good. Check this out. So liberals in their very best sense are the party of empathy and compassion. Their problem is they extend that benefit to people who prey upon innocent citizens. That is their problem. They don't know the boundaries to their compassion or their empathy. And that's why they need conservatives to say, Hey, knock it off, pull back. But why do liberals have to accept certain positions that are that bad?


Like why do they have to make excuses for rioters and looters that is not necessarily a liberal position. They don't have to do it. So If, you think of other liberal positions arguing for surgical transitions for children, banning school choice funding foreign wars, bailing out failings. What if these aren't liberal positions? They're just awful ones. Then you could reject them. You don't have to sit here and defend tampons for boys. You could just say, you know what, there's nothing liberal about that, right? You know. Only nut jobs want kids to have nut jobs. It's not about being liberal or conservative.


But the problem is the Democrats have allowed radicals to define what is liberal. So tampons for boys. Suddenly, Jessica, you have to defend it. You shouldn't have to, you know, liberals were always against con conversion therapy. That was a psychological attempt at curing homosexuality. Now they're defending invasive surgical solutions to do the same thing. How did that become liberal and the other one not. So, I I, I, I'm, I'm, it's a plea that like you don't have to defend this crap. You don't have to defend tampons for boys. You should laugh at it and go, this is bullshit. I don't believe any of it. And then all of a sudden you find that the Democrats and the Republicans are in the same room again.


You know, we, we, we reject our crazies. It's time for you guys to reject them. Folks, that is such a brilliant point. Here's the issue. I I, I am reading the chat by the way, as this is going on. 'cause I've seen that clip many times. Here's the issue. The issue is they are incapable of rejecting their crazy people. They are, they are absolutely incapable of rejecting their crazy people because it's the source of their power. See, here's the problem. Conservatism, the basic tenets of conservatism for you to have access into what I call it our club, the conservative club requires no leap in craziness at all.


Well, what do you believe in to be a conservative to join the club. There's a sign on the door. Check these boxes. We believe in the lowest taxes possible so we can have a growing economy. Okay? That's not crazy that Americans should be able to pick where their kids go to school. Check that. Don't sound crazy. We should probably not be killing a bunch of kids and a woman. That sound good to me? We believe in the nuclear family and independence as the source of power not to government. That sounds good. We believe in a strong military, good court system and basically limited government. There's nothing crazy about any of that. Everything liberals believe in is the opposite of that. If they reject even the slightest thing, all of the crazy comes out the crazy damn breaks and everybody realizes it's over.


They will never reject this. Here another video emerged a tampon. Tim, the vice presidential nominee. This is the craziest ticket in American history. Communist Kamala and tampon. Tim Border Czar Kamala, this is the Looniest ticket in American history. Did you see this one? It just came out. Here he is again going to bat publicly proudly for boys to be walking in your little girl's bathroom at your kids' schools. He loves this stuff. This guy gonna be the second most powerful person in America if we lose, check this out. For Those who have concern and I'm not, I will not minimize people's concerns who are concerned that this is going to make an unsafe situation.


Whatever. I ask you that in many cases these are children. My son's age, a fourth grader, a 10-year-old who just wants to go to the bathroom and they look, their identity is they are male or female and they just go in that bathroom and use it. There he is tampon Tim right there. We got a little emoji in there like Zeus holding up a lightning bolt. That's what he's all about. Tampons for boys in the bathroom. And you see here, here's here's the thing. One more thing I wanna add on this. I'm gonna get to, there's another just explosive piece of information I have for you from America First Legal. I teased it yesterday. Do you ever notice how the Democrats have to constantly couch and lie about their positions?


Do you notice now If, you If, you read about tampon. Tim online after me and Ka turd sent the world on fire with tampon. Tim wants tampons in the boys room. Did you notice? Look at this chat. I know crazy. Look at the tampon, Tim, all over the place. You guys in the chat are awesome. Do you notice how the liberals had to rewrite the story? Now this is about the what? Listen to the euphemisms game. It's always bullshit news. People are like you Republicans are so evil. Of course women should have feminine hygiene products in their bathrooms. Nobody's saying that assholes. No one. You have a bathroom and a target or a Walmart or whatever and you wanna stock it with free stuff.


You go right ahead. I'm not paying after working my ass off my entire life a shit ton of my tax dollars to go stock a boy's bathroom with a bunch of tampons that they're gonna rip out and flush down the toilet and throw down the toilet pole because they're gonna be wondering what they're doing in there. I'm not doing it crazy. People just tell us where you stand and cut the bullshit. You ever notice as conservatives, We don't have to do this? What's your stance on tampons in the boys room against stupid? You have any more to add? No, it's dumb. What's your stance in Levi?


We should have feminine ock and the female. I mean someone who identifies as non cisgender bi ILPC two plus one a spirit restroom products and you're like, what the fuck are you talking about? What in the fuck are you talking about? We're talking about a freaking tampon in the guy's bathroom. You dipshits. What are you talking about? Feminine hygiene products. If a human being suspect chromosomal analysis identifies as one of 75 different gener. What the fuck are you talking?


What? The what? theThing person. That's a good point. What? Like, come in and hi team hot in the non birthing pythons potential. What the hell is a non birthing per, what is that? What is that? You ever notice we don't gotta do this shit? Imagine how embarrassing it is to be one of these goons. And here's the scary thing. Nobody knows anything about their positions. I guarantee you 50% of the people who would vote for Kamala, I'm in a dark mode down while 50% of the people are gonna vote for these crazy communists in tampon. Tam have no freaking idea about any of this stuff thanks to this show.


They will. We are the most powerful live stream and conservative media. Look it up. They're not even close. We do it. We kick ass and take names here us. This is a story I was telling you about too, by the way. You lose this selection, Ladies and gentlemen. Remember I went over to this yesterday. If, you missed yesterday's show. Watch it. Especially the beginning. The Yuval Harra globalists, how they use Covid to spy on you. You may vote your way into this election mess, but you sure as hell ain't gonna vote your way out if we lose, I promise you folks, we're gonna be in deep shit if we lose America first. Legal awesome at it again.


FBI Surveillance exposed. Shocker. The FBI is spying on us. Again, again, again, again, again. Some of you get that. Our lawsuit just exposed the FBI implemented extensive nationwide social media mod media monitoring ahead of the 2022 mid. Oh my gosh, Elizabeth, I'm coming for you. Call me surprise. Get me the nitroglycerin tablets, the FBI's National Election Command post received lists of multiple Twitter accounts, posted misinformation, IE conservative tweets they didn't like. Folks, we win this thing. It is time for a massive And I, mean unprecedented government house cleaning If.


you are in the senior executive service of the government right now in the law enforcement intel side, or frankly anywhere else you should have to reapply for your job. We, the, the government can't continue as it is now. It is an absolute total nightmare. Everything they're doing is a scam. The job numbers are a scam. What they're pulling with the Medicare rate hikes is a scam. Read that story. What they're doing to manipulate seniors. Your rates are about to go up dramatically on Medicare plans. They're hiding it until after the elections. You know that the scams, they're pulling with student loans. Your government is outta control. It is a disgusting thief stealing your money at the end of the barrel of a gun. It is the most useless, dangerous enterprise anywhere.


The secret service can't do shit. The FBI can't do shit. The CIA can't do shit. And the shit they do is all wrong and hurts you. This is a total nightmare. We are living in a dystopia nightmare. The good news is on a Friday, And I do mean this. We have a very, very good chance to switch this thing out in November. If not, it's gonna be a totally different show. Folks, what a banger of a week, man. You are lighting up the Spotify and Apple charts for us. Please. I'm asking for a favor from the Bonino Army today. I have a couple asks. I try not to ask too much. Okay? I hope you understand that. Couple things first, go to the newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter.


You'll see that follow us or subscribe. It's free. None of this costs any money at all. We're not asking you for anything. Just click subscribe. You'll get our articles every day, A Vita's show. It'd be fantastic. Second, go to our show on Apple and Spotify, the Dan Bongino Show. Click that follow button and follow us on rumble rumble.com/bonino and then bon rumble.com/bonino report where you'll get a Vita show every day at 9:00 AM I know it's a big ask, I'm sorry, but this stuff really, really genuinely helps us and Paul will be very happy. If, you follow the newsletter. Deeply appreciated. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in just a few minutes, and back here Monday morning, 11:00 AM Eastern Time. What a great week. Thanks for tuning in.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.