
Hey there. Happy Tuesday. It's VINCE, welcome in. Glad to have you with us. If you're watching Live on Rumble, good morning to you on the chat. If you're listening to the podcast, thank you for that. You are the reason that we're number seven in the whole damn country or for the month of March show. Thank you for that. Great to have you with us, and I've got some really big news today, including the Supreme Court finally getting involved in smacking down a couple of radical judges who've tried to take over the president's power to control our borders. We've gotta get into the details of all of that today. Great to again, have you with us. It's, it's great. And for those of you who weren't with us on Monday, if you're watching the video of this prod of this broadcast, yes, I'm inside of my home studio now for the next, at least the next few weeks, I'll be inside of this home studio.


We're working on a final studio for me in Washington, dc I just keep bouncing all over the place, whatever I like taking all the abuse, but glad to have you with me here at my home studio. It's, it's a lot of fun to be at home. The commute is amazing. I just have to tell you completely awesome. And yesterday, my dog might make an appearance. I don't know if he'll show up today. He was with me during the radio show yesterday from 12 to three eastern nationwide. But maybe he might stop by for the, for the podcast today, if not sometime this week. We'll get, we'll get major to come in here and say hello. He's a great dog. Really, really good dog. The, the perfect kind of dog. Okay.


All right. Somebody's already yelling at me. I don't care about your dog on the show. Get to the news. I, sir, glad to have you with US General. Okay. Hey, we've got, we've got some wild news here. The, these, these judges all across the country have been trying to stop the Trump administration from enforcing our immigration laws and deporting violent illegals from the country. You know, sending them to places like El Salvador maximum security prisons, which we love, don't we? We love this, don't we? People, as the president executes the vision that we all elected him for. And so yesterday, the first big news item out of the United States Supreme Court yesterday is finally some signs of life out of Supreme Court.


Justice John Roberts, chief Justice John Roberts freezes the order requiring a return of an alleged MS 13 gang member, a return of an MS 13 gang member. Now, just to set the frame for you, this is an MS 13 guy who the Trump administration picked up who was in Maryland, and they deported him to El Salvador. Now since then, there's been some legal wrangling over the fact that he was trying to, he had applied for protections in the United States to say, I need to stay here because I have a rival gang in El Salvador who's going to hurt me if I show up.


That's the 18th Street gang. They will hurt me if I return to my home community. And the Trump administration gets ahold of this guy and they deport him. And since then, there's been a court fight going on about whether or not he needs to come back to America. Now, the Trump administration has done a great job, and an immigration judge had previously found all of the credible evidence in the world that this guy is an actual MS 13 guy, and he is not some low ranking, low ranking Indian. He's, he's a chief, he's up there in terms of the rankings. He was hanging out with a bunch of MS 13 guys wearing all the MS 13 gear. The guy is MS 13. So he gets ejected to El Salvador and anybody. Where is MS 13 from? What is the home country of an illegal alien who is an MS 13?


Just a bit of trivia to start the show today. If you're in MS 13, what country do you identify with? Where do you come from if you're not born in the United States? Where are you born? Which country is MS 13 from? Chad, let's go. I'm looking for these answers here. No, it's not Mexico, not me. That's a good guess. Not Mexico, El Salvador. That's exactly right. It's El Salvador. So the guy who the president deported was Salvadoran. He's an illegal alien from El Salvador. And so we pick him up and we send him to what country? El Salvador. We send him home, we send him home.


And now his claim was like, well, I'm, I'm in danger at home. If I, if I go home, if I go home to my home community, then the 18th Street gang's gonna hurt me. This is a, we worked out a really good deal with El Salvador. We sent them back their own foreign national who was here illegally member of MS 13. And guess what? The guy doesn't have to go back to his home. He's now in a maximum security prison in El Salvador. He's got guards now. So best of both worlds, win win win. El Salvador gets their foreign national back. The United States gets to eject one that's especially a violent one from the United States. And this guy doesn't have to go back to his home community. Everybody wins in this equation. And a judge this week was demanding that we go back, we go to El Salvador and we retrieve this guy and bring him back into the United States.


Like that was gonna work out well for anybody. Like that's a good idea. In any sense. A federal judge on Sunday by the name of Paula Zenni, this is insanity. The Washington Post had this issued a 22 page decision two days after she ordered the US government to arrange the release of Kmar Abrego Garcia, the husband of a US citizen. That's, that's the the point at which they're trying to play your heartstrings here. Well, he's the husband of a US citizen. He's an illegal alien with credible evidence. As a member of MS 13, she was demanding that this guy be released and pulled back to the United States and have this arrangement with El Salvador by midnight last night in the decision.


She cited records and official statements that show the United States has the power to bring him back, but has chosen not to exercise it. She claims this is not about defendants inability to return a Bgo Garcia, she claimed, but their lack of desire. What in the world did that judge think we were gonna do? What did she think we were gonna do? We're gonna invade El Salvador to get an MS 13 guy and bring him back into the United States. What? Give him a cell phone. Give him a place to live, pay for everything that he needs. This is psychotic, obviously. And so yesterday, chief Justice Roberts intervenes and says, no, that's not happening. He's freezing that order requiring the United States to bring back an MS 13 member to the country.


The Trump administration had asked the Supreme Court earlier on Monday to get involved here to block this order, directing officials to return kil Ma Abrego Garcia. The administration in its filing said the United States cannot guarantee success in sensitive international negotiations in advance, least of all. When a court imposes an absurdly compressed mandatory deadline, that vastly complicates the give and take of foreign relations negotiations. There's a reason they're using this language. The language that you see here is designed to convey that this is squarely a presidential power. These are foreign relations negotiations, but out of it, random district judge from California.


But out of this, this is way above your pay grade. And in fact, that's not even a part of the same branch of government stay out of this. The Trump administration continuing the United States does not control the sovereign nation of El Salvador. Nor can it compel El Salvador to follow a federal judge's bidding. Well, that's right. Or at least insofar as the executive branch can do it. It doesn't have to do it at the behest of a federal judge. If Trump wants to exert pressure on a country to compel an outcome, he can do that on his own. But this idea that this random district judge in California could be like, you need to order the nation of El Salvador to deport one of its own citizens.


What a psychopath. Yes. Is the answer. She's a psychopath. And so here you see daily call reporter, chief Justice John Robert Caitlin Richardson saying, chief Justice John Roberts is temporarily freezing this order requiring the Trump administration to bring back Kmar Abrego Garcia by midnight. That would've been last night. So there you go. That's the, that's, that's, that's part one here in this saga. That's part one in yesterday's news where the Supreme Court finally, some signs of life from John Roberts. Where's the chief Justice been lately? Finally popping up to go, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second. Wait a second. I guess that's the line when you bring in, when you try to bring an MS 13 guy back from a country that he's from, the Supreme Court's, chief Justice may step in and say, let's not do that.


Let's not do that right now. That seems crazy. Yeah. 'cause it is crazy. So that's the, that's the line for John Roberts additionally breaking yesterday afternoon. The Supreme Court is now once again allowing the Trump administration to use the Alien Enemies Act to deport illegals who are here in our country to deport gangsters. The Supreme Court, allowing the Trump administration to deport gangsters under its wartime authority. The court permitting the Trump administration on Monday to use a wartime authority to deport alleged members of a foreign gang in the five four ruling.


Get ready for the four, the majority toss the orders by US District Court Judge James Boberg, the psychopath, James Boberg, this guy, look at that clown, that guy, he looks like an undertaker. Judge Boberg, the deeply convicted, conflicted rather judge who has been interfering in the President's ability, his authorities under the constitution, under the law, to deport gangsters from our country. Boberg, getting absolutely slapped back by the Supreme Court yesterday and saying here that Alien Enemies Act detainees going forward.


They must receive notice after the date of this order that they are subject to removal under the act. The notice must be afforded within a reasonable time and in such a manner as will allow them to, to actually seek habeas relief in the proper venue before such removal occurs. That's a, a legal way of saying there are some due process rights that these illegals will be afforded. Now, I don't, I don't like that system. I don't think, if you're here illegally, what more due process do you need other than the government can demonstrate that you are not a citizen or illegal resident of the United States. If you can do that, wham bam, thank you, ma'am. Get out of our country. We can deport you. That's my view on this. But the Supreme Court's saying, okay, you can have a little bit of a, a little bit of due process here, but not much.


Not much. Now, among the justices who are objecting here, I'm like, sorry fellas. My, my reactions continue to be on. For some reason, my, for those of you watching video, when I do a thumbs up, for some reason, a giant thumbs up emoji appears on my screen and I have not figured out how to shut this thing off. Lemme see. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Who cares? The So justice is the four dissenting justices here, justice Sonya Sotomayor, Elena Kagan, Kaji Brown Jackson, and are you ready, Amy Coney fricking Barrett.


So is this the thanks you get from Amy Coney Barrett? Is this the things you get? Because last I, last I checked, you went to war for this woman when Amy Coney Barrett was being considered by the United States Supreme Court. Do you remember the bile that was heaped upon her? That she, and she was being judged for being Catholic? Remember that she was being attacked because of her religious faith. And the Democrats launched as they did with Brett Kavanaugh and all of these nominees, the most vile possible attacks at her. And you mounted a massive defense of her. You said, this is outrageous. This is the president's pick. I'm gonna go with the president here.


She shouldn't be attacked for this. She shouldn't be attacked for her faith. How dare you. A faith that's shared by a majority of American citizens, a Christian faith. What? And so you mount that defense of her, she shows up on the United States Supreme Court, and now she's participating in a dissent against the President of the United States from exercising his lawful and constitutional authority to deport illegals from our country. If there are powers of the presidency that are sacrosanct, the ones that are the most obviously protected and the most obviously his, they are the ability to be the, the chief executive of the commander-in-chief rather of the United States military, and to handle foreign policy broadly, and also to handle our immigration laws, to enforce our immigration laws, to secure our border, to deport foreign nationals who invade our country.


That's right there in the expectations of the President of the United States. The founders envisioned this as a primary role for the President. They put it in the United States Constitution, and Amy Coney Barrett, at least partially fighting herself on the side of the dissent. Now, and ladies, I'm sorry for those of you who are in the chat today, or those of you who are listening, I know you're not with these girls on the Supreme Court, but how is it that this became a battle of the sexes? You get the five guys all on the side of, yeah, the president can do this and he can use the Alien Enemies Act to do it. And meanwhile, the four women are opposed. What, what? And if it, and if you are gonna make it about an issue of sex is here, how many women have been attacked by illegals in the United States, the very types of illegals that Trump just deported, subject to the Alien Enemies Act.


How many rapes and murders of American women do we need for the women on the United States Supreme Court to wake the hell up? It's crazy. So there you go. The the guys versus girls, thank goodness, the the fellows won this bout. Now, one of the other pieces here that's really important for you to know about this decision is that the court found that the case was brought in the wrong district to begin with. Judge Boberg, who has been just a complete animal throughout all of this. Judge Boberg is a District of Columbia judge, a district judge in the District of Columbia. And the court said, this is a case that should have never been brought in DC this case, if anything should have been brought in Texas, that's the appropriate venue for it.


And there's a good reason, of course, that the left brought it to Washington DC It's because they're forum shopping. They want a scumbag like Boberg to be the guy who manages the case so he can disrupt the entirety of immigration law and disrupt the President of the United States and keep illegal aliens who commit violent crimes in the United States of America. This is why they go judge shopping. They go to DC for that. They didn't like their hands in Texas, they preferred it in Washington dc And so they picked the undertaker here in order to handle it. And it's been a complete disaster over these last few weeks.


President Trump has been driven crazy by it, and rightfully so, because his view is, I gotta get these people outta the country. So there you go. The United States Supreme Court, at least twice yesterday, stepping up, doing its role in the midst of all of this. It doesn't foreclose on the continuing court proceedings and all of this it, But it does give us a, some breathing room to deport illegals again, more speedily for the President to get back on that mission of getting people outta the United States of America who shouldn't be here. So are we, are we W's in the chat right now? Is this a win for us? I think it is. I think this is a big w for us.


So the so, so the Undertaker doesn't win. I see some people in the chat calling him Lurch. You're right about that. This guy, he is Lurch. Look at him. Look at that guy. W's in the chat. Big win here. It's good, it's good. We have to stop this judge shopping. And also we've gotta stop all of the, the use of nationwide injections by these district judges. So the Congress is trying to pursue that right now to smack down these radical judges who are abusing their power, saying, no more nationwide injunctions. Who are you to do this? So the dog catcher can stop the president of the United States at, at any moment.


That doesn't make any sense at all. And Congress created those courts, those, those lower courts and Congress can reign them in. So now's the time Congress. This is where you step up here to, to, to reign these guys in. Because so far, the, the, the Supreme Court has not, but Congress can, they can step in right now, unfortunately, take care of this in no time. So they should really do that. So yes, yes. We've got some winning going on this week, thank goodness and good for President Trump. What a, what a relief for him yesterday. And I know on truth social, he's been celebrating this. He's been really encouraged by these rulings outta the United States Supreme Court. I am too grateful for that. And I hope Amy Coney Barrett comes to her senses. Boy is that, is that long overdue?


Please, please be worthy of the effort that, that everyone in this chat and all across the country put in for you. People really were rooting her on and would like to see her deliver. Now's the time, because yesterday, that was a, that was another disappointing ruling out of a CB. All right, we're gonna get more into the tariff fights coming up. And the, So I, I said last week, I think President Trump is gonna shake a few apples out of the tree by the time we speak again next week. And sure enough, it's now next week, it's Tuesday morning as we're talking live. And I'm telling you, apples are absolutely tumbling out of the tree right now. And Wednesday, that's the big day. That tomorrow is when all of those tariffs are gonna come into place, all across the planet.


The big tariffs. And the president has been getting a lot of countries to come rushing to the negotiating table. I'll give you an update on, on all of the good news there. Some very good news. And as we're keeping an eye on the markets too this morning in live, the market's up right now, everything's in the green right now, which is kind of fun. The Dao, the s and p, the Nasdaq, it's all up nearly 4% at this hour. So also interesting news, we'll talk about it more in just a moment, but first, I wanna thank our sponsors who make all of this free for, for us to do.


There's been a lot of talk about how AI is gonna make the world a better place, but the question is better for who? Better for insurance companies who could raise your premiums based on your WebMD history better for HR departments who will use it to make hiring decisions based on your browsing history. Now that doesn't sound like a better world to me, which is why I've already started protecting myself with Express VPN and I think you should too. Express VPN is an app that encrypts 100% of your online activity And it reroutes it through secure service servers. That is, that means no one can see what websites you visit or what apps you use. It's none of their business. Express. VPN is incredibly easy to use And it works on all of your devices And it even comes with a risk-free 30 day money back guarantee. So do not wait until it's too late. The time to protect your data from the future is now. Use my special link to get four extra months of Express VPN's privacy protection for free. Just go to express vpn.com/ VINCE. Yes, indeed. Thank you. Thank you. To Express VPN


Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Let's, let's, let's tell you about one more great sponsor here.


With everything that's happening in the economy. You should know, sometimes you know this instinctively, sometimes it feels like we're walking on shaky ground prices get stuck at a really high level, and then it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. It's no wonder that many have been relying on credit cards to cover the gaps. Credit card debt is skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people very stressed out. Now, if you're a homeowner, you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends at American Financing can actually help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people, just like you are saving 800 bucks a month, plus they may close your loan in as little as 10 days. Don't let the chaos of the economy get the best of you. Call American financing now. It costs you nothing to get started, and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. The number is 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. And fellas, lemme see, I, it's a little hard for me to see the, the rest of the, the copy here. There we go. American financing.net/ VINCE, that's how you get there. A American financing.net/ VINCE and MLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Thank you.


Hey, we, you know, I've got, I've got a teleprompter up in the room. We got a cool setup here in the home studio. It's, it's an unusual level of, of detail for a home studio. I've got the, the teleprompter set up here and the fellows are, are feeding me all of my, my important content from Florida and in fact in the studio. Should I show off? Do you guys wanna see anything on the shelf? You wanna see anything? I've got, I've got some good stuff here maybe worth showing you. Lemme I'll, I'll show you one quick thing. Here you go. Check this out here. Let's see, let's not get stuck to the chair here. This bad boy is, as you might expect, a signature from the President of the United States. And you'll recall that particular logo that is from the 2020 campaign.


Lemme see Trump 2020. Keep America great. Keep America great. Yes, you did. You caught me. I am wearing slippers. Chad, thank you for that. Draco, Americana. I'm, I'm at home. I was like, why not? I'm just gonna slip something on here. I do have the Keep America great hat. President Trump signed this bad boy for me. He signed this at the Resolute Desk when I paid him a visit, which was awesome. That was a really nice privilege to be able to do that. And the, the, it was a funny, it was a funny day 'cause it was one of those days, I think I may have told this story, but I'll, I'll I'll repeat it here. We were with, I think I was with a bunch of radio hosts actually at the time, a bunch of conservative radio hosts.


We were at the, at the, in the Oval Office. We were sitting around talking to the president. If I remember correctly, that may have been the day that Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats were during a government shutdown, were trying to fly away from Washington in order to go to Afghanistan for a theatrical visit with the troops. And the president canceled their flights so they couldn't tr so they couldn't leave the country. So they ended up getting stuck on these, on these buses. It was 2019. This is, here, take a look at this. This is, this was hilarious. Do you remember this? Trump cancels Nancy Pelosi foreign trip citing shutdown.


This is in 2019. I believe this was the visit. I might have been a different visit to the White House, but how funny is that? And so they ended up, the, the buses ended up just circling in front of the Congress building because they couldn't go anywhere. Trump was like, nah, I canceled all your military flights. You're not going anywhere, which is fantastic. So anyway, at, at some point the meeting ends and the president says, Hey, do you guys wanna go see the Monica room? Yeah, he did say that. Do you wanna see the Monica room? The Monica room for those who are curious is what the president refers to the the presidential study. There's a, lemme see if I can pull up a map of the Oval Office for you for a moment.


This is, this might be a, a useful, a useful glance. Yeah, this is not too bad. This is a, this is a decent look. So, so look here, right here is the Oval Office, obviously. And then right down the hallway, there's a study right here. That room right there. And then beyond that is the Presidential dining room. This is where the president watches television. The TV's right here on the wall. There's a little fireplace. He's got helmets up there on the wall, football helmets for, for both Army and Navy. And right here, the presidential study, if you've ever read the Star report, which I, I only recommend for adults, it's not for children not to read the Star report.


This is where a lot of the action happened right there in the, in the, in the study. And that's, that's it. That's really, that's really what you need to know. So President Trump refers to that as the Monica room. And he, he says, you wanna go see it? And so the answer to that for the entire group of people was of course, yes, we yeah, absolutely, by all means. Yeah, we'd love to, we'd love to see the Monica Room. So we all walk in, we walk down the hallway and the president leads us into that room. And as you walk in, what you discover is that on the walls are maga hats. Every, the walls are covered in maga hats. They're covered in maga hats of every kind.


You've got Keep America great, you've got Make America Great again. You've got camo, maga hats, everything. It was really cool. And the president kind of like, you know, like Willy Wonka's chocolate Factory. He's like, everyone, take one, go ahead, take a hat. So everyone, everyone took hats off the wall. And this is the one I got. We all walked back to the Resolute Desk and the President grabs one of these, one of these bad boys. Lemme see if you can see that. Let's see. There you go. Presidential marker, signature marker. And he signs all of these covers for all the, all the people who stopped by the, the, the Resolute Desk one after the other, after the other.


And So I had to walk home from the, I walked, walked back to my office from the White House, and I'm carrying this hat, and I'm walking through very left wing Washington, DC and I was, I had this MAGA hat in my hand, keep America great with a clear presidential signature on it. And I'm watching lefties stare at what I'm carrying. Like I'm carrying the most evil thing they've ever seen. Like, like, or, or at least something that's gonna burn them if they touch it. Like it was like, what happened? Justin? Oh, can, can people hear you? They can't. Okay, this is, oh, this is Gee and Justin getting their hat signed in Trump Tower in New York in October.


That's when you went and, and Dan interviewed him, right? Yeah. Oh, I love that. Oh, I love that. And then did you guys have to walk the streets of New York? Right after that? They walked the streets with their hats in hand right after that. And that's fantastic. Look, there's Paula, there's, there's from, from left to right, Justin, Paula, the president, Dan, and Gee, those guys. What a great photo. What a, what a keepsake. That's so cool. So you got your hat signed, you walked through the streets from New York. Were you getting dirty? Looks at all Justin, he says, yes. That we're getting dirty looks from the people in New York. Not, not exactly thrilled, but yeah.


Anyway, so anyway, this is one of the features in case you're wondering on the shelf, I've got that. I've also got a piece of the Berlin Wall back here as well. I've got a little chunk of the Berlin wall, which I'm very proud of as well. So yes, we've got, we've got some good stuff going on. Anyway, that's a quick tour for you of the, of the studio today. All right, let me get back to what's going on with tariffs and the president of the United States, as all these countries are now all of a sudden rushing in our direction. So yesterday, Benjamin Netanyahu paid a visit to the Oval Office, comes to the United States of America. And I knew as soon as it was happening, president Trump announced it last week. I said, I said right here on this program, you know what's gonna happen?


Netanyahu's gonna get here, and they're gonna discuss tariffs. They're gonna discuss dropping these tariffs because, you know, Israel doesn't want them from the United States And it, but Israel does, impose has imposed tariffs on America. So this will be a centerpiece of their conversation. Obviously both Netanyahu and President Trump have other things to talk about too. They have to figure out the way to bring peace to Gaza. But right there at the top of their list, it seemed like trade was the number one issue. In fact, once the press was welcomed into the Oval Office yesterday, Benjamin Netanyahu announced that he wants to lead the world in dropping tariffs against the United States. Take a look, BB Netanyahu in the Oval Office yesterday, President, a very simple thing.


We will eliminate the trade deficit with the United States. We intend to do it very quickly. We think it's the right thing to do, and we're going to also eliminate trade barriers, a variety of trade barriers that have been put up unnecessarily. And I think Israel can serve as a model for many countries who ought to do the same. I recognize the, the position of the United States. It says, you know, we are allowing other countries to put tariffs on us, but we don't put tariffs on them. And, you know, I'm a free trade champion, and free trade has to be fair trade. And I think that's basically the position that you have put forward, Mr.


President. And we are going to eliminate the tariffs and rapidly, I had the opportunity to speak to Secretary Lunik yesterday. Yep. We talked about how we we could affect this quickly. And I hope to bring a solution very quickly. We're not talking about intentions, we're not talking about, you know, just words. We're talking about results. That's great. And those results are gonna come back. That's the first thing. Thank you very much. That's very nice. Thank You. We're talking about results. Look, that's a, that's a really good and healthy thing. And Netanyahu is a guy who runs a country that has to have a lot of gratitude for the support of the United States of America in terms of financial support. I don dunno if you've ever looked at this, but do you know how much support we've given to Ukraine versus Israel just over the last couple years?


Last three years, I guess with Ukraine, we've given more money to Ukraine than we have over the entire time. We've, you know, over decades with Israel over decades. Isn't that wild? And in the case of Israel, look, this is a country that's very gratitude, very grateful for US support. So I'm pleased to see Netanyahu come and say, look, we don't want any heat from America. We wanna be on your good side. We're gonna be an example for the rest of the world. We're gonna drop all of our trade barriers and we're gonna decrease the trade deficit. That's another way of saying, Israel's gonna spend more money on America, which is what President Trump wants. He wants all these countries to spend more money here.


He wants to eliminate those trade deficits. He wants that money moving into the United States. So it, it is a massive, massive deal. Yeah, look at that. Look, look at that. Look at the data there. Look how much money has been spent on Ukraine. You add up all that red there. It's more than all the money that's been spent on Israel for, for decades now. It's amazing. And that's, and that's just, you know, that's, it's just remarkable. It's just remarkable to, to watch. And and so here we have Israel showing up and saying, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna be on your side.


Here's another piece of this. We've got a lot of countries who are coming in now, a lot of countries who are looking for a deal. In fact, 70 countries now, according to White House officials, have approached the White House and said, please, please, please let us make a deal. Take a look at this. The, I I haven't seen anything from them, but Larry, I can tell you that there are 50, 60, maybe almost 70 countries now who, whoever approached us. So it's, it's gonna be a busy April, may, maybe into June. And Japan is a very important military ally. They're very important economic ally.


And you know, the US has a lot of history with them. So I, I would expect that Japan's going to get priority just because they came forward very quickly. But it, it, it's gonna be very busy. And if President Trump again gave himself maximum negotiating leverage, and just when he achieved the maximum leverage, he is willing to start talking, Maximum leverage. And now he's willing to start talking. So the president slapping all these country countries with tariffs, and 70 of them have now approached the United States and said, Hey, we'd like to figure out to negotiate a way out of this. We'd like to, to stop this, please.


In fact, the, the president has basically was talking about like, look, we talked with Japan yesterday morning that had big conversations with Japan and the president agrees here in cut eight that a lot of countries are now approaching him and looking to negotiate. Kevin Hassett was on television this morning from the Council of Economic Advisors and he said, look, we're, we've got so many people pouring in right now that the schedule for negotiations, this is gonna stretch on for months. Take a look at the president. Cut eight. Here he is in the Oval Office yesterday. We Have many, many countries that are coming to negotiate deals with us. And they're gonna be fair deals. And in certain cases, they're gonna be, be paying substantial tariffs.


There'll be fair deals. As you know, I spoke this morning with the Prime Minister of Japan, and we had a very good conversation. They're coming. And I said, one thing, you're gonna have to open up your country because we sold no cars, like zero cars in Japan. Yeah. And they sold millions of cars into our country with China, as you know, against my statement. They put a 34% tariff on above what their ridiculous tariffs were already. And I said, if that tariff isn't removed by tomorrow at 12 o'clock, we're putting a 50% tariff on above the tariffs that we put on.


We talking to China, we'll be talking to a lot of different countries. And I think, you know, if, if, if we can make a really fair deal and a good deal for the United States, not a good deal for other, this is America first. It's now America first. And we didn't put America first. We put America last. The people that were in the Oval Office put America last and we're not gonna stand for it. Yeah, Yeah. America last. So you heard there, the president saying that, look, we're, we're having a lot of negotiations with countries right now. A lot of people rushing in. And I'll get to some more in a moment. Just kinda the, the list keeps growing it really, really quickly, which is precisely what you want.


And this is it, it really isn't. It kind of a reminder of just like, just pull the alpha, move at the top. None of this mealy mouth stuff, no passive aggression, just outright aggression. And the President doing that. And it's instantly creating results instantly. People are rushing to the table. This is not, he's not limping into the negotiation. He's throwing everything on the table, boom. Immediately. And these countries are coming in and saying, wait a second, wait a second. Mercy, mercy. Let's, let's, let's back off a little bit and let's, we will figure out ways to make this good for America. So President Trump's position right now is, I'm listening, I'm listening speak. Tell me what you have in mind. But on China, China thinks it can play hardball here.


And you've got Trump officials who are saying, look, this is a losing hand. Scott Besson is saying they're playing a losing hand. This is not working for them. China, China imposing tariffs on us is ridiculous because they take very little product from us to begin with. So it's not, it's not some great pain to the American economy, that they're not taking more of our products. And meanwhile, that the President's imposing tariffs on them as a way to counteract all of their abuses. And China's abuses are, are immense. China's got tariffs on us. China manipulates its currency. China steals our intellectual property. China subsidizes injuries with industries within its own borders in order to hurt American industry. Steal is an example of that.


This, that's China's trade practices. So it's tariffs to nont, barriers to state driven interference in the markets. And the president's saying, no MAs, I'm not doing that anymore. We're gonna impose tariffs on you until you get, until you get rid of the attacks you're already conducting against us. So President Trump's tariffs, they are reciprocal, they're defensive tariffs against China. That's really the big player here. And there's, there's a headline this morning that China is now contemplating not lifting the tariffs as President Trump warned them to do yesterday, but instead escalating. And there's a, it's a funny kind of escalation, 'cause I'm almost looking forward to this. If China actually does it, take a look at this.


According to the Hollywood reporter, China is mauling a ban right now on Hollywood film releases, on Hollywood film releases in response to President Trump's tariffs. Two widely followed Chinese public figures. One, an editor for a state media outlet that would be a spokesman for the chi comms. The other, the son of a former party chief, the chi comms released identical outlines on Tuesday of countermeasures that Chinese authorities are said to be considering in response to Trump's tariffs. And among them is, we're gonna stop playing Hollywood movies inside of our country. Let me explore this for a moment and why this is a great thing.


Now, Hollywood only gets to put in a few movies a year into China's market. China's got a market of over a billion people. And you can see why, if you're, you know, a Craven movie executive who has no interest in, in, in loyalty to your own country whatsoever, if you, you'd be eager to, oh, I gotta get into China. We've gotta get those movies in there. And it's not that we're le we're sending American messages to China. Don't get it confused. These are not American and patriotic films that are appearing in China. China is using its weight and using the size of its population and the size of its economy in order to compel Hollywood, to create Chinese satisfying propaganda so that they can get their movies into China.


China only allows 20 foreign films a year to appear in their country, 20 foreign films a year. And so the competition for that is pretty fierce. And among the big recipients of that Chinese money in the past have been Disney. Disney's one of the big ones. All of those Marvel movies, the Avengers, Disney fought like crazy to get those movies into China's market. And in order to do that, they have to satisfy all of the Chinese sensors. Now, what is the effect on the culture in the United States? The effect is that Hollywood, which produces cultural set pieces, it produces movies that people consume and helps them think about the way that they, they think about the world and good versus evil, right?


We often use, especially fiction as a means to formulate our thoughts as we go forward in life. Fiction's a useful way to do that. How we encounter things and how we deal with them. Hollywood has been manipulating these storylines to satisfy the Chinese communist censors having downstream effects on our culture in the United States of America. To put a finer point on it, the last time a major, a major Hollywood studio produced a film that was even remotely critical of China and the Chinese government was in the late nineties. It was, it was a movie called Seven Years in Tibet with Brad Pitt.


That is the last time Hollywood, a major studio in Hollywood, produced a film that was remotely critical of China. The reason for that is because the ch, all the major Hollywood production studios are sucking up to the ch comms to get their movies into the market. So the last thing they wanna do is insult the communists to insult the communists. That if that stops, if the Chinese market cuts off Hollywood entirely, that will run down to our benefit. Now does that mean Hollywood is all gonna, all of a sudden gonna become right wing or conservative or, you know, pro America? No, it doesn't. And it doesn't, that, that kind of thing doesn't happen overnight, but it diminishes the perverse incentives that Hollywood has to hue to the Chinese Communist Party in everything it produces.


So just keep, keep your eyes open for that. So this idea that, so when you see these headlines today that, oh, China might stop Hollywood from having its movies in its country, good. Thank goodness that this is exactly what we want. This is, I can't get over the winning. I'm, I'm in, I'm in favor of it. It's really good. All right, so, so that's the update on the China side of it. And now say again, Justin, did you tell me something here? Oh, okay, well, lemme tell you for, let's take an obscene profit. Time out. How about that? Can we do that? Yeah, let's do that. And we should do that in order to keep the product free. We should do that.


Look, you guys know I, I I love blackout coffee. Blackout coffee. So delicious, so good. In fact, that's what I'm drinking this morning is a little bit left in this cup. This one's, this one's from Utah. I, I made a visit to Utah. When I go to visit other states, I'd like to purchase a little bit of glazed, glazed coffee, coffee items. I love that. So anyway, Utah Coffee Cup, but inside of it I've got blackout coffee. One sec. Hmm. Great Delicious sponsor. The owner is John, and he's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee, roasted Fresh, right here in the USA. No woke nonsense at all. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. That's Paula Bino and Company. They're awesome. So you already know this is a brand that stands for the right values. I love Blackout Coffee because it loves the, because John loves the country, that that's a really important point. But also, don't tell John this more important, I think to me it's delicious. It's really good. Just, just excellent black coffee. Phenomenal. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE and that, that's VINCE, you'll get 20% off your first order, whether you like Whole Bean Ground or even Instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE and use the code, VINCE, for 20% off your first order. Thank you to Blackout Coffee. Thank you for making all this happen.


And okay, one more for our obscene profit timeout with all, with all due credit to the, to the Great Rush Limbaugh.


Hey, the Maha movement, as you know by now is in Full Force, make America healthy again. And people are totally inspired to make their fitness a priority these days, which I'm very excited about. I'm inspired and I'm excited to be working with Don and the team here at Jacked Up Fitness. I can't show you right now, but my jacked up fitness machine is right behind this black wall. And I just worked on a, worked out on it this morning, the Jacked Up Power Rack Pro. I adore this thing, and in fact, these days, whenever I walk by this, this room that I've got, it's like a storage room. I converted it into a gym when I walk by the door, I just can't resist. I go in and I, and I bang out some pull-ups or, or I try, I'm not to muscle ups yet. Have you seen these calisthenic dudes? It's unbelievable what they can do, but you can do it all on the Jacked Up Power Rack Pro with Jacked Up Fitness. The Jacked Up fitness team came by the house. They installed it very recently. Again, I love it. It really is everything that I need to get a full body workout at home. It's got a cable crossover system, integrated 200 pound weight stack Smith machine. You can do hundreds of exercises, everything you can do at the gym, basically. And if you're new to strength training, their Get Jacked Up program has full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. Go to get jacked up.com and sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, go to get jacked up.com. Get jacked up.com. Coogan JR saying VINCE is gonna be jacked by the end of the summer Jacked, VINCE, I really hope so. Yeah, this is, I, I think I said it before, but I'll say it again. Having Jacked up fitness as a sponsor really puts the pressure on, doesn't it? It's like, it's like you tell everybody, Hey, I got this workout machine. All right. Prove it. Prove it. Come back by the end of the summer. Look a little different. Yeah, I'm working on the, the, the beach body.


Let's go Brandon. Great name says sit-ups, pushups. Lunges. Love that, love that. Yeah. Doing a lot of incline work for Chest. I've heard all the, all the workout guys say Incline is where it's at. Is that right? Mikey's in Studio, right? Absolutely. Incline a hundred percent. Is that the Justin saying Dumbbell Incline is his favorite workout? Yeah, incline is, is the, is the, is the money. Incline is for the top of your pectoral. That's where all the action is. Yes. The upper chest is Mattias says Mattias Power bu Yeah, work on that. That'll, that'll buck up your chest. And yeah. So anyway, thank you to Power Rack. Thank you to Jacked up Fitness for the Power Rack pro rather.


Really nice to have that. Okay, let me see. Okay, so we've got the countries who are pouring in. Now, speaking of getting muscular President Trump just knocking heads right now, bringing everybody in, which is great news. And I've got, I've got some of these countries. So we've got Japan, they called the president yesterday, they started negotiating. Scott Besson, the treasury secretary came out and he said, this is great. Japan is one of America's closest allies. And I'm look forward to more productive engagement with them regarding tariffs as well as non tariff trade barriers and currency issues and government subsidies. I mentioned China with all of those. Japan has those too.


And Besson says he appreciates the Japanese government's outreach here, the European Union is offering to remove all industrial tariffs. Now, the eu, this is a, this is pretty good bang for the buck here if you can get a bunch of countries to do it at once. It's funny 'cause the eu, you see the political headline there, the eu, they were banding together as President Trump said, as a counterbalance to the United States. Now, because all of these countries are all married into one government system, they, they might all have to agree to a massive trade deal with the United States. So they, they kind of built the trap that they're in right now. So the EU is contemplating, negotiating with Trump for the removal of all in industrial tariffs.


Now note they say industrial, they don't say agricultural. There's a bunch of other categories of tariffs here. So this is not a blanket reduction or removal of tariffs, but at least industrial tariffs. That's, that's a lot of fun. So that's a, that's a really good indicator. Who else here? India wants a deal. India wants an equitable trade deal and not confrontation after these Trump tariffs, they're, they're ready to dive in. Breitbart with the report here, an Indian government official telling Bloomberg news that his government is not going to retaliate against President Trump's tariff in position. Instead, new Delhi hopes to work out a deal to reduce these tariffs and trade barriers on both sides. India, a massive, massive source of so much US consumption.


So many goods produced in India. In fact, I've seen some reports in the last 24 years that Apple is contemplating moving a lot of its iPhone production from China to India because China, the tariffs are just gonna be too high there and they still wanna sell in the American market at prices that don't get to two or $3,000 an iPhone. So they're looking at rerouting some of that development to India. Of course, the best outcome would be if we can bring all of this on shore. That's the, the president's desire here. So India making moves right now. India not the only one. Taiwan also making big deals here. Taiwan is offering zero tariffs and more in investment in the United States.


Taiwan a critical source of all of these microchips. They're the biggest chip maker on the planet. TSMC is the name of the company and they, they're already pledging to spend over a hundred billion dollars on five new semiconductor factories in Arizona over the next four years. This is the president of the United States who's inducing this. That's again, exactly what you want as President Trump is getting Taiwan to come to the table here. Another one, Zimbabwe. How about that? How Zimbabwe comes flying in. They are becoming, according to the New York Post, the first country to officially cave on Trump's tariffs, Zimbabwe set to become the first country to officially cave on Trump's tariffs.


Zimbabwe gonna be a much smaller partner here when it comes to trade, but they wanna maintain a positive relationship. Zimbabwe President Emerson Managua saying over the weekend, quote, in the spirit of constructing a mutually beneficial and positive relationship with the United States of America, I will direct the Zimbabwean government to implement a suspension of all tariffs levied on goods originating from the United States. So that's, that's super important as Zimbabwe, it becomes one of those countries that says, no more, I'm uncle, uncle, I don't want any part of this. And so you got 70 countries here looking for a tariff deal among the many I just mentioned.


So that's really good news. And so a lot of progress is being made. China putting up the fight right now. But what kind of fight are they putting up? They're gonna stop Hollywood from having their movies in China. Good. Looking forward to that. Now, here's where I've got some problems and here's where I imagine you have some problems too. Look at this headline from the Hill today. Seven Republican senators have signed onto a bill now to check Trump's trade authority to check Trump's trade authority. Meaning they're trying to stop President Trump from being able to negotiate these deals in order to create better outcomes for us. Seven Republican senators, that includes Senator Chuck Grassley, Senator Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran of Kansas, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Tom Tillis of North Carolina, Todd Young of Indiana and Susan Collins of Maine are all signing up.


They're on board with Democrats for something called the Trade Review Act of 2025. The legislation would limit Trump's ability to oppose unilateral tariffs without the approval of Congress. And it would require the President to notify Congress of the imposition of new tariffs and increase tariffs within 48 hours and provide an explanation for the reason for the action. So you have Republicans here who at the moment, where President Trump has a lot of strength, a lot of, and a lot of aggression here. And you have 70 countries who are rushing to the negotiating table for a positive outcome for the United States.


And that would include by the way, places like Mitch McConnell's, Kentucky, have you seen all of these people coming out? They keep saying, you know, like the, the Mitch McConnell's, Kentucky, that you've got people saying, look, we're not gonna buy bourbon from Kentucky. We're gonna stop buying bourbon these other countries, or they're gonna impose massive tariffs on bourbon is the claim. Mitch McConnell would do well to let Trump be Trump work here, baby. He can save your state. And instead Trump, the McConnell rather, is in this for, he's not in it for Kentucky, he's like in this for China or something. He's in this for the globalists.


The guys who are fighting back against this are fighting not on behalf of national benefit. They're fighting on behalf of the globalists here for the United States, continue to be taken advantage of. D does this not, if you have those seven Republicans, does this not expose them for who they really work for? It's not their constituents. You really think the people of Maine want, like, like for instance, Maine, which is very dependent on lumber. I mean, it's a huge lumber state. You think the people of Maine really want Canada to continue to screw us over on lumber. They really want these arrangements that hurt Mainers. No. Do you think North Carolina, Tom Tillis, you think North Carolina wants its furniture industry to continue to be savaged by bad actors around the globe?


Do you, have you seen what's happened to North Carolina? Was famous for its furniture development, for building real wood American furniture in the state of North Carolina, high Point, North Carolina quite famously. And here's Tom Tillis. He's on board with screwing High Point over again, screwing the people of North Carolina over it is ludicrous what's happening. So these are exactly the kinds of senators who you can count on to just be absolute chickens in the face of a moment where you need utter strength. And President Trump demonstrating that strength. And I'm disappointed to see Chuck Grassley on that list. Chuck Grassley can be good from time to time from Iowa, but there he is alongside Mitch McConnell.


Mitch McConnell, who's being shoved around on a wheelchair right now, who I don't, I'm not even sure how much he can even communicate these days. He's being, he's, he's like, he's being put into these cars in wheelchairs and like, what, what is this? How, how is this a good deal for us? Take a look at this guy, the state he's in right now. Mitch McConnell. Here he is. Look, there's Mitch McConnell in a wheelchair just being wheeled around in the United States Capitol building, you know, and, and being tilted into cars. It's time to go, buddy. It's time, it's, it's long past time to get outta here. Mitch McConnell.


So there you go. Those are the, the guys who are fighting back. So seven Republican senators are saying that they're gonna try and stop Trump here from conduct fixing our economy. Meanwhile, president Trump himself on the fact that these, these senators are fighting back against him. Yeah, he's issued a veto threat. Don't you send that bill to my desk, don't you? I got, I I will veto it if that thing appears. President Trump will veto a bill introduced by Senators Maria Cantwell, that's the Democrat and Chuck Grassley, that would limit the president's authority, the White House releasing a statement on administration policy that was sent to congressional offices yesterday if passed.


This bill would dangerously hamper the president's authority and duty to determine our foreign policy and protect our national security. If that Senate bill were presented to the president, he would veto the bill. So it's a non-starter. Don't even bother. The president's gonna veto this thing and, and maintain that authority to be able to con conduct the nation's affairs here. And finally, you know, there's, I've got a lot of other things to get to, crazy lefties to get to. Maybe we can get them to them later this week. But I have a photo that I really wanna show you here that is really spectacular. For those of you watching the, the video podcast today, watching us on Rumble, check this out here is here's a recent image of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.


You look at this woman, she is riding first class on a JetBlue flight that she just took a couple weeks ago. First class, the socialist Flying first class, and here's the headline from the New York Post. A OC Flies first class to Bernie Sanders oligarchy rally as critics pan lefty Paul for battling inequality won mimosa at a time. She went to a fight oligarchy rally. She flew to hang out with Bernie Sanders as if she was fighting back against the ridge. And here she is, flying first class. Just to give you a sense of how committed to the cause she is on the JetBlue flight.


The, the New York Post says that a first class flight for that same day and time would cost about $1,100 one way. A first class seat on that route weekday and time would cost $1,100. Who's paying for that flight? Who's pay I, my guess is it's not a OC, it's not a OC also has a OC gotten rid of her Tesla, yet she owns a Tesla. She lives in a very fancy apartment building in Washington, dc. She's been driving a Tesla around for the last couple years. I'd love an update if there's any enterprising reporter who actually cares about giving us the truth out there. Would you find out if a OC still owns the Tesla and whether or not it's been vandalized by her neighbors?


Yet? Have any Democrats pooped on AOCs Tesla yet? Could have happened, but very likely she's living in Washington DC and when she's not there, she's flying first class to her socialism rallies really, really spectacular. Tomorrow on the program, we're gonna take a closer look at whatever victories pop up in the next 24 hours. Also crazy Jasmine Crockett is, is out with more insanity saying that she really needs illegal alien slaves in the United States of America. She desperately needs them. Maybe we can get to that tomorrow. You can always follow me on X. I'm on there. I'm on truth social. I'm on Instagram, and of course, I'm live nationwide from 12 to three on radio stations everywhere, all across our great country each and every day.


And if you'd like to watch me live, you can just watch me right here, rumble.com/ VINCE. We do the radio show right here on this same rumble channel. We have a great audience. The chat is full of amazing people. God bless. You're the best damn audience in all of media. Love talking to you. And I'll do it again tomorrow, right here. Again, if you're watching live, it'll be on rumble.com/ VINCE. 10:00 AM Eastern. Up next on Rumble, Stephen Crowder. Stay tuned for that. Thanks so much guys.