
In the words of the Jedi master Yoda Begun. The trade wars have, yes, indeed. They have Begun. The trade wars have Begun. We're gonna get into all the details today of the economy, what's happening to the economy right now? People watching the stock market, A lot of hysteria going on right now, but President Trump feeling very good this morning about the way everything is going as he looks to save the American economy. We'll get into all the details there. We've got all sorts of ridiculous lefties to make fun of today, of course. So we'll do that as well. And then I've got a great friend, Daniel Turner, stopping by the program. We'll talk to him about American energy, what this means for America's energy producing communities all across our great country.


That's all ahead on bits,


but first you wanna talk about some growth. Let's talk about growing trees. Fast growing trees. Lemme tell you, I'll, I'll tell you about fast growing trees. Here, let me, lemme show you something. Fast growing trees yesterday I get home to a beautiful New Eastern rosebud, or excuse me, red bud tree. Lemme see. Can I, I'll zoom in right here. Let me, can you see that? Can you see how beautiful that thing is? Is that, am I clo? Can I go close to that camera? I'm gonna walk up right up to that camera. Look at this, Look at that. Give my cord here. This, that's a fast growing tree. That tree, it grows so fast. It literally is huge already. It arrived at my house. It's seven feet tall. It's a red bud. I've wanted one of these for a long time. This thing is beautiful, beautiful. So fast growing trees. That's the place. That's those, that's the tree. It just got to my house. Just planted it yesterday. They're the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. You can order online, get your plants delivered directly to your door just like I did in just a few days. Their alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Awesome. This spring they've got the best deals for your yard, up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to this show, get 15% off their first purchase when you use the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plan. Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast growing trees.com for details. Yeah, yeah. Love that tree. I ran into a, a friend yesterday, I was picking up my kid from school and I was talking to her and I was like, Hey, what's going on? And she's like, yeah, what's up with you? And I said, I've got this tree arriving at my house. And she and I, and she's like, where do you get your trees? I said, fast growing trees. She's like, no way. That's where I buy all my trees. And she's like, do you have like a discount code? I was like, yeah, it's VINCE. So she's gonna buy more trees, just so you know. Which is, which is a lot of fun.


Okay, president Trump is feeling good this morning. I know everybody's freaking out. Everybody's freaking out. And, and by the way, you got a big retirement account. You got any retirement account, you're kinda watching the stock market right now. Of course, you know, you're gonna be concerned about what's happening. But again, just to take you back to the big point of this week, president Trump is looking at decades of destruction of American communities and saying, it's time for a big change. We've gotta fix all of this. We've gotta bring back production and economic growth to this country and help these struggling American communities. This is what he ran on. There's no mystery here. He literally ran on this. He spent his entire political career talking about this. He spent his entire life even before he was in politics, talking about this, go back to the early nineties, appearances on Oprah.


This is what he's been singularly focused on. We are being taken advantage of and our po and our politicians are too feckless to confront it. So Trump is ref is confronting it right now, which is really good. And by the way, I'm not here to give you financial advice, but if, if you believe in President Trump as I do, and you're looking at this market lurch right now, as people are saying, it was down as we speak, the Dow was down over a thousand points this morning. Are, isn't there some, some not small part of you going, haven't we seen this before? Didn't, haven't we seen like the covid panic, what that did remember of March of 2020 as everybody was like, ah, what's gonna happen?


And, and then the stock market came roaring back. Of course it came back roaring back under President Trump. It came roaring back. And I, I feel like the same kind of nonsense is in the air right now. So I'll just be completely honest with you. I've like literally put some money into an index fund. Now I'm buying the dip. I think it's a fun idea, but again, not the guy, I'm not here to give you financial advice. You do whatever you want, you know, take whatever risk that you can endure. But it does feel like, look, I believe in this guy. I, for real, and I'm gonna put a little bit of money behind it because I genuinely believe that the future's gonna be very bright. And it once again goes right to the core point. What many of the core points that I've been making this week, Trump is feeling good, which is a good sign.


The he's not beholden to Wall Street, like Wall Street's in an all out panic right now. You think they wanted to be doing this with President Trump? No, Trump's on our side. He's not beholden to any billionaire. He is not captured by these guys. He's, he's, he's the guy who's caring about us. I mean, that's the whole reason we keep electing him over and over and over. And so he is back and he is working at it. And so let me just start with some positive economic data that's just out this morning that you, you should know about. Trump's economy in March has added private sector jobs at a blistering pace. Again, to repeat Trump's economy in March as added private sector jobs ahead of any economi expectations.


The United States just added 228,000 jobs in March, far outpacing the 140,000 jobs that economists had expected. So it was substantial increase over the expectations for March. And those job gains, do you know where they came from? They came from the private sector. This is not a Biden era story that I'm telling you. I'm telling you a Trump era story. And I don't just mean this presidency, I mean, during his last presidency. And now yet again, here's a really amazing piece of data for you. This is the first time that we've had two months in a row of private sector job growth and government sector, job shrinkage, government sector jobs have gone down in this environment two months in a row.


And private sector jobs have gone up two months in a row. This is exactly what you want for a bunch of reasons. But again, I just to, there's a, there's a data point that's worth dwelling on. 80 to one, 80 to one. Keep that number in your head as you talk about this with your family and friends. 80 to one, that's the number of private sector jobs it takes to bankroll a single government job. 80 private sector jobs, 80 private sector taxpayers to afford one federal government worker to pay for salary, to pay for benefits, to pay for pensions. It takes 80 American private sector workers. So here we have a rebalancing already going on as Trump is adding to the private sector economy, the government sector is starting to shrink.


And now the president is saying, I wanna induce more investment in the United States. Look at what he's already done. President Trump, just yesterday on Air Force one is saying, we are now approaching 7 trillion with a T $7 trillion in new investment in the United States of America. Since he's been in office, the, the, the, he's made these announcements. We've, I know we were over 5 trillion. He's now saying 7 trillion. He always speaks in the biggest possible number he can, but even if it's just $5 trillion, you are looking at a massive infusion of international cash into the country right now. Yeah. Oh no, there's those of you're calling out the shirt. I'm sorry. I just wanna, not to get too distracted, but I'm wearing a no woke zone shirt today.


My good buddy Corey, he's got a boat called the no woke zone. And we ride it in the Potomac and we drive lefties crazy in Washington DC fly a huge Trump flag on the boat. It's phenomenal. So here you go. It's the no woke zone t-shirt, which which is fun. I'm sorry that the, that I'm getting covered up a little bit here when you're, when you're looking at me in the live stream here. But we've got all this massive investment coming in. Massive, massive investment coming in. And President Trump is talking about doing more of that. He's, he even indicated. Yeah. So here you have on truth social, he says, great jobs, numbers far better than expected. It's already working. Hang tough.


We can't lose. He said there, you hear right from the president himself, hang tough. We can't lose. That's the, that's the steady fortitude we're looking for as we go forward th through all of this. Yeah. And it's all caps. He's got three exclamation points on that bad boy. He went all in on that. He's firing every bullet available to him on that iPhone keyboard. He's saying yes, capital letters, exclamation points. It's a big deal. The other thing here is he's saying, look, you don't wanna pay a tariff. This is what he is telling international companies right now. You don't wanna pay tariffs you to America. There's no tariffs in America. We're not gonna tariff your company.


It's gonna be free. You want free trade, come right inside our shores, come right here to this country, make jobs here, and you won't have a tariff. The cost, the cost of your product will be easy and accessible. It'll be low, it'll be right here in the United States of America. And that is, of course, good for American industry, good for American jobs, good for American families, communities, and all of the other benefits that come along with it. So that's the message that the president is sending this week, come to our country. And that's an invitation to industry. Forget his negotiations. I'll get to that in a moment. Forget his negotiations with any individual company in country, rather any individual country. And you have countries who are now coming to President Trump with hat in hand saying, please, please spare us of these tariffs.


Get rid of these tariffs, please. We beg of you. We have, we we wanna make an offer. We wanna make a deal with you. And that's great, that's great that people are being induced to do that. I'm looking at Eric Trump, the president's son has posted in the last 24 hours about this. He says, you know, I've been watching my father. He didn't say his father in the tweet. He says, you know, I, you know, real Donald Trump and watching him my whole life. And here's something I can tell you. Here's the one sure thing I can tell you. You don't wanna be the last one to come to the negotiating table. If you're a country right now, you don't wanna be the last one to approach the negotiating table. You wanna be the first one to approach the negotiating table. He said, I've seen it my whole life. I know exactly how this goes.


So if you want to get in, if you want a good deal out of all of this, be the first come in. And so are there countries who are coming hat in hand? Yes, there are Canada, India, Israel, Vietnam, all of those countries right now. And in the lead up to the president's announcement this week are negotiating for tariff relief. They're trying to figure out ways to impress President Trump enough to get the tariffs lifted on their countries. Additionally, Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, is expected to come to the United States next week. President Trump just announced that yesterday. They've got a lot to talk about.


There's obviously all sorts of chaos in the Middle East. That's of central concern to Benjamin Netanyahu, but also Netanyahu's country just got slapped with tariffs when he comes. My guess is these guys are gonna have a pretty sincere conversation about how do we get rid of those? What can Israel do for America here? So the president reorienting the international conversation around how do we get America to, to lift up, to, to take the stress off of us here. So that's, that's really good. Also, the Brits are seeking a trade deal. Mean the EU broadly is trying to go after Trump. Oh, we hate this. We're gonna treat, we're gonna counter tariff you. Okay? The Brits under their British Prime Minister Kir Starmer, they are reacting with what they call cool and calm heads right now.


And they're telling their business leaders that they're trying to get these tariffs lifted with a new trade deal with the United States. So, good or bad? Well, that, that sounds exactly like what we want, actually. That's good. So we're starting to see this, yeah. A BC news headline right now, sweeping Trump tariffs draw dismay calls for talks from countries around the globe. Okay, let's talk, let's talk now. You do have surrogates for the president who are going out. We're talking about this. That includes the commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick. Here he is cut to listen to Howard Lutnick.


Talk about what these countries are gonna need to do if they want any relief whatsoever. Okay. President is not going to back off. So he's not, to back off of what he announced yesterday, he is not going to back. He's not backing off. Nothing could change that. But countries can fix their tariffs, their non tariff trade barriers, which are much, much rougher. That's right. The story I was trying to tell you is that when we took cars from Korea in 2012, when I grew up, there was no Korean cars in America. When we took cars from Korea, the deal was we could sell ag to Korea. That was the deal. They wouldn't let McDonald's bring in french fries because they couldn't prove the origin of the french fry.


That is not a tariff. That is called a non tariff trade barrier. They take their taxes and they subsidize their steel industry, or they subsidize their energy or they sub or they give the tax back to their car manufacturer. Right? This stuff has gotta stop. America's gotta gotta stop being exploited and you're gonna see America prosper. And then, and only then will Donald Trump make a deal with each country when they've really, really changed their ways. Change your ways. That's what you need to do. Howard Lutnick is dwelling on something that our media really don't talk about that much. It's the non tariff trade barriers. These are the, the, the, this is the blockade that's on American products.


This is what Canada does to us. This is the absurdity with the, how they treat our agricultural products, how they treat dairy. They have quotas. They're trying to stop you from getting access to their market. They're trying to stop American products from arriving and being sold there. And you're seeing it happen in all these countries across the planet. China is particularly abusive. And you heard Howard Lutnick talk about subsidies for steel. That is a pretty direct reference to China and the Chinese Communist Party and the way that they sell steel to the planet. They subsidize their steel industry so as to kill the American steel industry, the Communist Party in China, through currency manipulation, through subsidies.


They subsidize their entire steel industry so that the steel can be sold at a cheaper rate coming from China. And again, that's at the expense of the rest of the planet. Now, is that free trade? Is that a fair market? Are these countries who are acting in good faith with one another? Hell no, they're not. China's treating the rest of us like garbage. And in particular it's hurting Americans. So it's time to fight back. And so this week, president Trump has imposed massive tariffs on China and or tariffs are coming as of next week, even more, even bigger tariffs. And as a result this morning, China is attempting to escalate.


So President Trump's announcement was, Hey, we're putting a 34% tariff on China. This is a retaliatory tariff for China's behavior. Now, China, like a bunch of Commies, is pretending that it was Trump who started the war. We have a lot of that going on in America, don't we? It's like when the left leads a war on you and then you fight back. They're like, why are you starting a culture war? Why are you starting a war over whatever the issue is? We, we've been talking about this. Why are you starting this war? We're not starting this war. We're gonna end this war. That's the, that's the response. We're not this, we didn't initiate this. You did. So China today is pretending like, oh, it's Trump who started all of us, 34% tariff on us, as if that was the starting point.


Of course, it wasn't. There's been a, a long legacy of China hurting the United States, stealing intellectual property, subsidizing its products, hurting American industry with the help, by the way, of Washington, which has spent decades giving China all the assists in the world to gut our own people. China now is, is saying that they're imposing a 34% retaliatory tariff, as you just saw that headline on us, 34% on us. So a lot of the market chaos you're seeing this morning is born out of that. Now, it's worth noting here that the discrepancy between how much money is flowing between our countries is pretty dramatic. We have a massive trade deficit with China. We buy way more product than they buy from us.


So imposing a tariff on us, well, it's kind of, it's a lot, it's a lot of like, in real terms, there's a much smaller impact than us imposing a tariff on them. On them. So by China this morning doing that now President Trump said this is a bad idea, fellas, can you pull up Trump's truth? Social Trump is responding to China's efforts this morning and he just posted a short while before we began this conversation this morning. China played it wrong. He says China played it wrong. There it is. They panicked.


The one thing they cannot afford to do. So once again, really it comes down to do you trust the guy? You elect him? Do you trust him to manage this? President Trump is, is moving forward with a lot of confidence right now. You can kind of see it there. He's been saying, if you listen to everything he's been saying and projecting over the last 24 hours, he's saying the the markets are gonna do great. Our country is gonna do great. We are going to be, I believe the word he keeps using is booming. Show the chat fellas. Are people trusting Trump on this? This is the core question. Are people trusting Trump on this one?


Because that really is the fundamental question. Yes, yes. Go Trump, this is awesome. Long overdue, totally. Trust Trump. Love him. Damn right. Yes, we do. I trust him without a doubt. Okay. He has some wrong moves. China showing up in the chat. Yeah, the reaction here seems crystal clear to me. You're on board. You're on board. Okay, well then that means you're, you're like me. Settle the hell down. Everybody relax, calm down. We're gonna be good. We're gonna be good. And it's a good sign this morning as President Trump responding very positively to all this. He says, this is gonna be good. And I do think, remember the first iteration of the new tariffs, 10%.


Those go, those go into place on Saturday of this week. So if you're listening to me live, that means tomorrow. But Saturday of this week, that's the first element, 10%. The rest, all of the nation by nation tariffs, those go into place next week, Wednesday, the window is closing right now for countries to force stall those tariffs if that's even achievable. And in the meantime, as those countries Come on, bended need of President Trump to try and figure out a way out of this. The companies that are in those countries, if they would like to show how much they want to get back into the American market, I I have an international message today. For those of our inter, for those of you who are among our international audience, come to America, come here, invest, and don't bring a small investment.


Bring a giant investment, bring a trillion dollars into the United States. Bring if you, if you can't afford a trillion, let's start with billion. Bring a billion. President Trump wants to proudly announce the, your intention to bring that investment into the United States. He will consider it a victory. He'll make sure you get credit for doing it. And in the end, it'll be a win-win, win for everybody. It's a huge deal. It's a huge opportunity. And we've got a window right now. You wanna start, start now. There's no, no, no time like the present baby more in a moment. More of your reaction to all of this. Also, I've got a great guest coming up.


You've seen it before. When disaster strikes grocery store shelves can go absolutely empty overnight. We've seen that the worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. By then, it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis comes. And right now My Patriot Supply is making it easier than ever. You can order their four week emergency food supply today and get 4 72 hour food kits completely free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits, offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years. That's real peace of mind. There's no last minute panic. There's no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered, stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits food could be the first thing to go, go to prepare with VINCE do com to claim your kit. That's prepare with VINCE dot com. Plus you'll get an extra 12 days of food for free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit plus an extra 12 days of food free. Prepare with VINCE dot com. Prepare with VINCE dot com.


Yep, yep, yep. All right. Let's see. How's the, how's the chat doing right now? Everyone's saying F China, love that America first. Love that. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. People are good. People are good right now. I I love to see it. I love the confidence here. Please, VINCE, stop playing with the mic. It's very distracting. I'm sorry you're a little distracted by this. A little distracting to you as I move the mic around. I'm sorry. I'm an animated figure. I'm Italian, by the way, I moving the mic around. Unless it's making squeaks. If it makes a squeak, I don't want, no, it's no squeaky, no squeaky here. There's no squeaky here. I'm just moving it around. You're a big boy. You can handle all mic movement. All right.


So one other country, two other countries I wanna mention ING, which is a major international bank, ING is predicting right now that Japan and South Korea are on the verge of trying to make a deal with Trump too. That Japan and South Korea wanna make a deal. That's cool. That's very cool. So everyone, and most, most of these countries are saying, Hey, what can we do China, like the Commies, they are at the moment saying, oh, we're gonna impose new tariffs on America. Okay, everybody else trying to play along as far as for, for the most part, Japan, South Korea pivot to negotiating lower US tariffs. So they're, they're doing what they can.


And that could mean more investment from those countries in the United States of America. That would be great. That would be really great. Also, another big item in terms of like kind of the fiscal impact here. Tax relief is moving forward right now in the United States Senate. So don't forget this is only a small part, although, well, maybe, let's say a big part, the tariff component here is only one chunk of the president's economic policy. The other side of it is five and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts. That's right. Now moving through the United States Senate, Senate Republicans right now are poised to deliver on that permanent tax relief for millions of Americans in a huge bill that's currently being negotiated in the Senate.


The Senate just advanced the budget blueprint, including a permanent extension of those expiring tax cuts in 2017. So for, for the big conversations you're having with friends and family, there are so many important elements to this. If you're missing any one of them, you're missing the whole story. President Trump is reorienting the American economy about, around the international economy, around what's good for America. He's actively engaged in negotiations with international corporations and countries in order to bring their products to our country inside of our borders. And then additionally, they're currently arguing for a massive, massive tax cut and making the current tax cut permanent in order to maintain and grow American wealth.


So all of that fits together. And so, again, just keep that in mind here as you, as you, as you go forward with, again, friends and family who are concerned about all of this. And I think I do, once again, to reiterate, I do think that, that the stock market chaos you're seeing right now is not gonna endure because don't, don't you get the feeling that President Trump wants to give share a a really good, huge story going into the midterms. The guy's not dumb at all. The guy's a lot smarter than almost everyone who criticize, criticizes him for sure. Like going into the midterms. I'm expecting a great economic story to be told.


And the, and the fundamentals for it are already falling into place. If you get a jobs report two months in a row like we just did, where private sector jobs are growing and government jobs are going down, I'll sign up for that every single month of the year. That's precisely what I want. And so we're gonna keep looking at sort of the economic impact of all of this, because it matters. And, and whether or not we're headed in the right direction, we definitely are in the mar in the economic fundamentals of our country. We're headed in the right direction right now. Before we get to our, our guest on economics, I do wanna share with you one other element here that's going on that I think is important, some breaking news just overnight, president Trump is canning national security people inside of his administration right now, which that I take that as a good sign.


He just fired the head of the National Security Agency and US Cyber Command. This guy's named General Timothy Hoff. And in case you're looking for ratification for that being a good idea, Mark Warner and other Democrats are freaking out about it this morning. They're panicking. You can't fire him. He's one of the good ones. Oh, okay, good. I'm glad we fired this guy. That's like the craziest, thank you. Thank you very much for that, for that inverse endorsement of this decision to fire the head of the NSA and Cyber command. So if you were looking to root out the deep state, start with Trump fires a top Intel official Democrats freak out about it, that means it's probably good for the United States of America.


So I'll take that. And then yesterday, president Trump also fired a number. Actually, right now it's kind of an unknown number, but at least three National Security Council members from, you know, who work in the White House National Security Council. So again, an indication that whatever issues may exist in that orbit, they've detected them and they're canning people. So I would say that's probably a good sign. That's probably a very good sign, especially when Mark Warner's freaking out. I'm all for it. If, if Mark Warner is against it, I'm a hundred percent for it. Hey, again, before we get to our guest, I, I have to thank our great sponsors who make all of this programming free. Thank you for that.


Are you a yo-yo dieter? Do you diet lose weight, but then you gain it all back plus a few extra pounds? It's dangerous. Studies show that it can actually increase your risk of heart attack or stroke or type two diabetes and all sorts of other health problems. Breaking free of the Yo-yo Diet pattern is a main reason doctors created. Lean Lean's a very cool supplement. Actually not to, I'm sending some to a family member. I won't say which family member. I don't wanna embarrass them or anything, but I'm sending them lean because I think it's gonna help in a big way. Lean is a supplement, not an injection. And you don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is very impressive. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar. It helps control appetite and cravings, And it helps burn fat by converting fat into energy. Listen, if you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back, lean was created for you. Let me get you started with 20% off. Enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the F fda. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease, and is not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


And also, here's another sponsor I'm really excited about.


If you own a handgun for self-defense, your storage likely fits into one of two frustrating categories. Either you have it locked away so it's safe, but it's completely out of reach in the event of an emergency or it's unsecured, leaving it vulnerable to anyone. Stop Box USA solve this problem. And they designed a pretty groundbreaking solution. It's called the Stop Box Pro with the Stop Box Pro, which I have, you'll never have to choose between security and readiness. Again, it's ingenious push button locking system gives you fast, reliable access when every second matters without the hassle of keys or reliance on batteries. It's 100% mechanical. So it works every time. There's no power needed for it. For a limited time only. My listeners are getting a crazy good deal. Not only do you get 10% off your entire order when you use the code, VINCE at stop box usa.com, but they're also giving you buy one get one free one for you, one for your wife. Get them at stop. Get the Stop Box Pro that's 10% off and a free Stop Box Pro when you use the code. VINCE at stop box usa.com. Discover a better way to balance security and readiness with stop box. Or it could be for you and your husband if, if you're the wife in this equation. Yeah. Stop box Pro. Yeah. Awesome, awesome thing.


Okay, let's talk more about the economy. I wanna and, and specifically the, the area of the economy that the president is uniquely focused on, which is the American worker. How does all of this affect regular people who live in once thriving towns who wish those communities could come back to what they once were For? More on that, I wanna bring in Daniel Turner. Now Daniel's here with me. He is the president of Power of the Future. You're the president, right? Yeah. President's executive director or however you want to call it. The head of power of the future. And which is, which by the way is fantastic Advocates for flourishing American energy. That's the point.


Welcome Daniel. Good to have you here, man. Thank You. Where's Dan Bonino. Nice. I thought I was going on his Program. Nice to see you. I know Turner was booked months ago. He Said we, we pull a fast one on him. Bon Gino's saving the country right now. He is. That's he's busy with that. And by the way, just if you, if no one heard this earlier this week since you brought it up, did you see that FBI recruitment is at record highs right now. Amazing. In a month. In a month record high levels of recruits or applications to, to join the FBI, which is what we need. And they're probably our people. They're probably patriots who want law and order. It's exciting. A hundred percent. You're not nobody. It's, again, lemme just show you the, this is the emphasis no woke zone.


The FBI is a no woke zone. Now it's not like anybody signing up for that going, I can't wait for the gender training that I'm gonna get at the FBI. No. They're all in on All the climate change awareness. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here to, I'm here to chase down criminals and make my city safe. My my country safe again. Yeah, it's great. It's, it's a, it's a testament to what K Patel and Dan Bonino are doing and the fact that young men and women wanna be part of this organization and they're, they're applying and that's, that's a sign in the right direction. I love it. And jobs numbers are up. So there are glimmers of hope yo tariffs. Yes. World freak out. But there are glimmers that we're heading in a good direction. Yes. First of all, again, just, this is not for this audience, but everybody we talk to who's hysterical about this, settle the hell down.


Just relax child. It's gonna be okay. The other piece of this is what I just mentioned is like the private sector's going up. Yeah. So we have two months in a row of private sector job growth, two months in a row of government sector jobs going down. Yeah. And that hasn't happened since President Trump was President Trump back in his first administration. Yeah. There's a lot to investigate in the previous Biden administration. And it could take forever to, to unpack how much corruption and fraud. But I think there are jobs numbers are worthy of an investigation. I don't know if the labor department would ever do that because Yeah. Their jobs numbers, granted, we know that they didn't create 13 million jobs. We know that they were covid jobs that were rehired, but it seems that most of their jobs number were just grants to municipalities to hire government workers.


Yeah. And I said we created 300,000 jobs. I don't think any of their jobs numbers are actually accurate. Yeah, no, there was a lot of padding the numbers. Yeah. And it was all government stuff. It was just crazy what was going on. Let's talk about the energy industry. Yeah. Because I know if, if fellas if you could pull up Daniel Turner's ex account, it would be really helpful. 'cause Pan right at the top of, of Turner's account is an image of a once great coal town. Yeah. Which has been destroyed. Tell us, tell us About this. I can't thank you enough for having me on. 'cause it was seven years ago today that I was standing in this small town in West Virginia. I was launching Power of the Future and this is a once great town.


And I was recording the main street with a resident and he was pointing out that that used to be a florist and that was a little coffee shop and Oh, that was whatever. And they knew what this little town was. Right. The Obama administration launched their war on coal. Remember when he was running for president in oh eight? He said, you know, I'm, I'm not gonna make coal legal, but if you have a coal plant, you're gonna go bankrupt. And everyone applauded and said, yay. Look at that. Yeah. This is your video And this is, this is my little video. And this is this great little town in West Virginia that there's just nothing there because the one employer of the town was, was shut down by the Obama administration because of climate emergencies.


And when everyone works for, you know, there are lots of little towns like this across America and they're having their moment right now. Yeah. Whether it's coal, whether it's steel, whether it's manufacturing. When everyone at the town worked at the mill or the plant and they probably made good salaries. But then when that is shut down for whatever reason, now that town is bankrupt and we leave these people there with, with mortgages that they can't afford. No one is moving there. So no one's selling their house. Yes. No one's buying the house. There's no jobs, there's no income. We give them opioids because opioids are cheap and they pack a punch. So we say, here's a little bit of fentanyl we'll allow to sneak through to keep you all calm. We tell them, learn to code, get an OnlyFans page.


Right. We tell them to drive for Uber. And we leave these towns to, to fester in institutional poverty and suicide and domestic violence. And we've done this all across America for 30 years. But it didn't have to be this way. No. It wasn't just like a natural market force that led to that. No, it was the government that did That. It was the government that did that. We still use coal. We use more coal than we've ever used. And coal continues worldwide at in America to continue to increase because we don't just use it to make electricity. We use it to make steel. We use it to make, to cement. Anything around us that we're looking at was probably at one point forged by coal or the machinery that made it was forged by coal. So we, we need coal.


And yet we have these people like Barack Obama, like Michael Bloomberg, like John Kerry, who say, we're gonna shut down coal. And, and really what we're doing is we're saying little towns like that in West Virginia. Yes. We're gonna put you outta business because you know what's cheaper, 9-year-old girls in Malaysia mining coal, they don't need helmets. They don't need osha, they don't need health insurance. Yeah. They don't have sexual awareness and diversity training seminars. It's really lucrative to mine in foreign countries because we can contaminate and pollute and destroy. So I wanna recommend something I saw recently, maybe you've seen it too. Tucker Carlson just did an interview with, on his podcast, with a guy who built a diesel engine vehicle.


He built it, he built it on his own. He's like an amazing car guy that goes a hundred miles to the gallon on diesel. Wow. He, So I, first of all, I recommend the podcast, but the, the thing about what, what he was talking about is, the way he did it was he just optimized the vehicle. He got rid of kind of the drag coefficients. He made elements of it very light. He fine tuned the engine. He just worked really hard at making something that was great at and very efficient at consuming already abundantly available energy. And it got me thinking, which is of course the point of that conversation. And, and the one I wanna bring up now that this is, these are things that we can do. Yeah. Like our, our industry can do this.


Like we can make better use of coal, we can make better use of diesel, we can make better use of unleaded gasoline. But instead through artificial means, Washington has been crushing those energy industries, not trying to optimize our use of them and instead forcing us into crappier, regressive energy for forms that are hurting all of us. Yeah. And leaving these small towns across America absolutely decimated. There's a moment that you can find on social media. It's seven years old at this point. And it's when Joe Burrow won the Heisman Trophy and he was giving his speech, right. LSU handsome young guy. He was the Heisman Trophy winner. And he's giving his talk and he's, he did cry and he talked about growing up in southeast Ohio and the poverty that he grew up in.


And as he was giving them a huge football fan, and I was watching it in real time, and as he was talking, I was looking up the number of coal mines that closed in his young life. 'cause at the time he was only 20 or 22 or something, and five or six mines in his area. And each of them employed 4,000, 5,000 people. And they probably made $150,000. And then when you triple that, trickle that down, of course southeast Ohio where he grew up as poor, but it wasn't poor when his family went there. Yeah. It wasn't poor when his grandparents moved there. It was was once a thriving community. And southeast Ohio, or Johnstown, Pennsylvania or, or across America. We have these little towns and, and the pro, the anti tariff community has never explained to them why they're benefiting from this global trade.


Why is it good? They're telling us now Trump's tariffs are gonna kill us. But all across America, there are these small towns that I spend a lot of time in where people are truly decimated and no one's explained to them how they're better off. So what, what are you feeling this week as, so President Trump has announced massive tariffs all across the planet, all across the board. They're all gonna really be in place next week Wednesday. How do you feel about this? What do you think happens next? Is it possible to recover these communities? It Is, and it's gonna take a little while because the pendulum has been swinging in one direction from a uniparty effort for 30 some odd years. And it will take a little while. And, and that's why we need continuity. We need for people to go out and vote. 'cause we can't lose the house. We can't lose in 2028.


It's gonna take us a while to flip this back. But again, if you are this company, you would rather make steel in China because you can use slave and child labor and you can import it cheap into America. You don't wanna make steel in America because it's, it, it costs you as a company more. And so we, we talk about our values, our great American values, and people like Bernie Sanders demand maternity and paternity leave and healthcare. But what we've done is we've created a system that all of our values, we hold up here in America and we send them to China where we employ children. But energy is at the core of all of this, what you're talking about. So why is it expensive to make steel in America? It's expensive because energy is expensive. Yeah.


In order to smelt steel, you need massive amounts of energy. And that energy, if it's expensive, makes it cost prohibitive to buy US steel. Yeah. This is, it's all obviously connected and You need to wear a helmet and goggles and safety gloves. But not if you do that in Indonesia. Right. Not if you do that in the third world. There's no OSHA inspector going and saying, wait a second, VINCE, how come you're not wearing your protective gear? Yes. When you're doing this. Because what do we care? Ah, it's a bunch of Malaysians. So we allow them to abuse humans. We allow them to abuse the planet. We allow them to pollute water and soil and air. And we say this is global trade. And it's not. It's such a damn lie.


It's not global trade. It is outsourcing all the things that, that corporations in America just don't want to have to pay for anymore. Yes. And there's then there are so many options for energy. So many options for energy. So these data centers, you know, that they, that everyone keeps saying like, so every community that I'm aware of, especially at least in, in Virginia, this is definitely happening. But I think it's happening all over the country. Every so often. Some companies like, we're gonna build a data center in your community and then people freak out because the grid is gonna be overloaded. They're gonna a data center here. How are we gonna manage that? The, the power consumption that's required by these massive server farms is immense in order to keep the computers cool. So everybody gets into these massive debates, but the, but every time that happens, it's like, wait, what?


First of all, why aren't we upgrading our grid? Why aren't we tapping into our abundant God-given reserves of power? Why aren't we using nuclear at the same time to adv, which is abundant very clean energy. That is, we've gotten better and better at using every single year with that technology. And especially even at the data centers. You know, they have micro nuclear reactors you can use, you have s they can make a small nuclear reactor to literally power the entire data center on its own. And the stupidity of our country is that it's government bureaucrats that get in the way of All of that. Yeah. So look at Microsoft that was building this data center in Pennsylvania and they worked with the governor to reopen one of the reactors at Three Mile Island.


Why? Because they want reliable nuclear power for their data center. Now, my know, bill Gates doesn't run Microsoft anymore, but Bill Gates is Microsoft and he runs around the world telling us that we need to use wind and solar. Yeah. But when it came to their data center, they're like, we don't want wind and solar. We're not gonna build an offshore wind farm. We want nuclear power. And I just think that is very telling. Like Microsoft could have said, we're gonna lease 50,000 acres of farm land and put up wind turbines. They're like, hell no, we're not. We're building a nuclear reactor, is what we're Doing. It's almost like a cruel joke. It's where they're trying to see how much they can abuse you and that you'll accept it as some sort of moral good wind power. Wind power. We used to use windmills in order to grind down grain.


Like it's like what? That's regressive wind power powered the transatlantic slave trade. Yeah. Wind power. You've gotta be joking everything. The left advances is regressive to the point that I, I'm seeing in our chat today, people keep PO pointing out. It's managed decline. Hell yeah. It is. It is. It's managed decline. This is hurting our country. There's A, a great moment from the Biden administration that for me encapsulates their energy agenda. And you can't even call it an agenda. There wasn't, wasn't a policy, it was just insanity. But it was August of 2022. Joe Biden was outside of Boston. They had torn down an old coal power plant and of course it was hot. They probably put him in a powder blue shirt intentionally.


So we'd get some pit stains and look all sweaty climate change. And he said, we tore down this dirty coal plant and we're gonna build on this very spot an offshore wind. No, they didn't. They never built it because it got too expensive. No one got the permitting through and now they're not gonna build it. So you know what they did? They tore down a perfectly functioning clean coal plan and they just left it destroyed. Now they've lost the jobs, they've lost the tax revenue, they've lost the grid reliability. And they pat themselves on the back and they give each other. And this is where my anger gets insane. They give each other awards. Right. Like, congratulations guys, you tore down that viable coal plant outside of Boston. How Ask Governor Healy, how's your your utility grid going?


What are the prices for Massachusetts folks for their utility? They're up 35%. Yeah. From year over year. Yeah. So, so how are things going? But we're taking down what's working. Like you said, it is totally regressive. We're punishing ourselves for this idea that we're gonna have a cleaner tomorrow. Yeah. It's just, it's really off. Okay, so last thing. Trump is imposing tariffs in other countries and I kind of think about what's happening domestically, what's happening in our own country. So we tax people to death. We overregulate them to death. We tell them they're not allowed to use technologies that are actually good for them. We lock them up inside their own homes. We, we leave the grid to be destroyed. Haven't we just been taring our own people?


Yes, a hundred percent. And, and life is very expensive. And that's that Middle America class. The Trump voter class who used to be Bernie Bros. Also, by the way, that's the, that's the frustrating thing about, about Washington DC a lot of what President Trump is doing, Pelosi is on record supporting Schumer's on record supporting now they were supporting it in the eighties and nineties. Yeah. Because they were trying to be a anti Reagan anti-capitalist. But, but there's a lot of Americans who, especially the Bernie Sanders wing of the Democrat, the old Bernie Sanders wing that says, we need these tariffs to protect American jobs. They're all gone now because Trump did it. So therefore they don't agree with it anymore. Yes, the man's got a backbone of steel because he's getting attacked from every single angle.


But the American people and especially those rural jobs Yes. Are like we finally have a champion. I watched Hill Billy Elegy with my mom last weekend. She wanted that is who Trump is fighting for those beaten up small towns and the heart led Yeah. That have been absolutely decimated and forgotten. And that's why he chose JD Vance. Yeah. Because he means it. He really does. Daniel Turner, you mean it. Thank you. Good to see you, man. That is, that's the great Daniel Turner from Power of the Future. Before we go, I wanna mock a lefty who looks like a human Q-tip. Ellie Mistle. You ever heard of this guy? Ellie Mistle. He's an M-S-N-B-C regular. He's an absurd human being. He is truly maximally absurd. He is. He is on Morning Joe all the time.


And he is also apparently got a new book out. Presumably he can write maybe or somebody else wrote it for him. He let me share some clips for you. For you. This is Ellie Mistle doing the rounds. He thinks Trump is going to deport him for his dumb opinions. If only take a look. Cut one. Here's Ellie Mistle. We live in a country where you can get snatched up off the street for writing an article in the newspaper. And as a person who writes articles in newspapers, this is something that has really worried me and really changed and affected how I think about my job and my life. And we can say, well, it only happened to green card card holders. Yeah. Now, so far, how long before it happens me?


That's so funny. Look at the comb stuck in his hair. Is that a, is that like a black power fist on the end of his comb? I think what, what the hell is going on? Does he know that he has something in his, his hair? Is he I think he does. I think it's for the effect. I that is, I think, by the way, that is the single worst outfit I've ever seen anybody wear to any, any media appearance whatsoever. But that's Ellie Mistle who had a big breakfast and then went into the Breakfast club. We live in the country where you and you guys zoom in on the comb. Is that what you're doing for me? Writing An article? Lemme see. Can so is that, what is that thing confirmed? There's a, there's a comb stuck in his hair. That's, that's what we know.


I I don't know what the end of it is, but it's ridiculous. That's, that's the summary here. Ellie missed the Thank you gentlemen, I appreciate it. Yeah, no, I don't need to see any more of that head. That's ridiculous. That guy, the guy looked like he, he stuck his finger in a power socket before he got to the interview. Ellie Misal, I've got another one for you. He said that he doesn't wanna deport anybody, any Ms 13 guys to El Salvador. Here's cut four because he thinks keeping them here would be better for America. Even if you tell me and you prove that they're gang members, I'm not so sure that I'm okay with them being sent off to be tortured in a foreign country. But I'll leave that aside. He doesn't wanna send them away.


Even if you tell me that they're gang members, they should stay here. That's how you know that he's a real Dale Marxist, by the way, that that's how you know he, he's all in on being an agent of chaos. And they, they take him, they have him on television. He's Harvard educated. Just to be really clear, in case you're wondering where he got all these wonderful ideas. He went to Harvard and so he's, he goes on television with his comb still stuck in his hair and tells people that, you know what we need to do? We need to keep MS 13 people here in our country. That is a man who is not interested in the wellbeing of this country at all. That's a man who hates the country that he lives in. In fact, here's one more for you from this. Well, maybe let's do two more. Ellie Misal, this is cut five.


Ellie Mistle says, we need to eliminate all voter registration laws in the United States of America to open up fraud to everyone. Look, I wanna eliminate every single voter registration law. All of them, all of them in every state are bad, right? That's different from voter eligibility. If you're eligible to vote, you should just be able to rock up to the polls and vote. So we could just get rid of all of them. We could just get rid of all of them. And the people will say like, oh, well we can't do that because of voter fraud. Right. Well, first of all, and I know this is gonna be hard for some listeners who spend a lot of time listening to Republican lies, but voter fraud does not exist. I love, I love how you broke that down in the book.


Expound please. Right. Voter fraud just doesn't exist. It's not a real thing. We shouldn't make laws based on protecting us from things that don't exist. Because their goal is not to secure elections because again, voter fraud doesn't exist. Their goal is to restrict people from voting. Okay, so that guy is lying his ass off to you. Voter fraud absolutely exists. And in fact, his party is infamous for its voter fraud, both past and present. Tammany Hall in New York City, you don't, if we wanna go back away as you could look at Tammany Hall, the Democrat controlled New York City at the turn of the last century, everything about their operation was vote hustling, vote stealing, vote fraud.


That's what they were up to. Chicago has been defined by voter fraud with Democrats in charge for all of its storied history. Stuffing ballot boxes is a feature, not a bug of the Democrat party's entire history. So when Ellie Mistle sits there and he says, there's no voter fraud. There's no voter fraud, that's a guy who is guilty. That's a guy who's, who's aware how guilty his party actually is insisting that there's no voter fraud. It's preposterous to say that as a statistical matter, it's preposterous to say that there's no voter fraud. So the guy's an absurdity, clearly a cartoon character, but he keeps being welcomed on all these shows.


And I just, and I, for whatever reason, I guess it's 'cause he's on book tour. I've been seeing all these clips running around And I said, this guy deserves some mockery. So let's, of course, let's, let's give him some mockery. Here's another one. Cut six Ali Mistle saying, the United in case, you're wondering if he doesn't like this country or not the United States Constitution, in his view, he is garbage and needs to be torn up. South Africa got over apartheid. Did they just go back to their Africana racist constitution and be like, oh, we just need a couple of amendments. We just need a couple of changes here to make it work. No, they threw the whole thing out and started again this time asking everybody, wow, this time having a completely new delegation of all of the people of South Africa, not just the white folks, but not no white folks.


And they came up with a new Constitution. One of the reasons why the South African constitution is generally thought of as one of the best constitutions in the world, and ours continues to be a piece of crap. Okay? So he wants to throw out the Constitution and just listen to the stupidity of this. He is getting, he wants to get rid of the Civil Rights Amendments. He wants to get rid of the, the 13th Amendment, which abolishes slavery. He is like, throw it all out, let's do something new. And then he points you to the South African Constitution. Now, the Breakfast Club probably wasn't aware of why he might be referring to the South African Constitution, but perhaps he learned this when he went to Harvard, the South African constitution, to be very clear, codifies inside of its text, racial discrimination.


You heard me correctly. The South African Constitution endorses inside of its text discrimination on the basis of race. That's what that clown with the gigantic hair wants. He wants discrimination on the basis of race because it's built into the South African Constitution. And you might say to yourself, well, how does that work? How is that manifesting in South and South Africa? Oh, let's see. Right now the South African government is taking land from people because of the color of their skin at this very moment. And if you were to say, if you were a South African farmer who has your land being taken, and you were to say, well, wait a second, this seems unconstitutional, that you would steal my land and give me nothing for it, they would say, I'm sorry.


It's actually part of our constitution that we can steal your land and give you nothing for it on the basis of the color of your skin. The farmer is white and therefore he is bad, and therefore his land can be taken in South Africa. So when this goober goes on the Breakfast Club to explain his awesome theories about what we need to do in the United States of America, his awesome theory is we need to codify racial prejudice into the United States Constitution. This is what he wants to do. This is precisely what he wants to do. And he looks at South Africa's the model because he says, we need good racial discrimination. This is the thinking. This is the left, this is the Marxist nature of the left.


They want, they, they tell you that racial discrimination is good in certain circumstances. That segregation itself is good. They will call it racial affinity groups. We should have black graduation at Harvard. We should have just a graduation for black people. I'm sorry, you're graduating from Harvard. Why would you have a racially segregated graduation? This is, this is supposed to be a school of high-minded principles, isn't it? It Harvard Law School where you're supposed to learn what the law is and the constitution is, by the way, and they wanna have racially segregated graduations. It's because the left believes sincerely in segregation, racial discrimination, and using those as tools for power.


That's what they believe in. And this guy is expressing it in so many dumb words, in so many dumb appearances on so many d at so many dumb events. Yeah, remember that Harvard University offers segregated graduation ceremonies based on race, class, and sexuality, segregated ceremonies. So we're supposed to dwell on our immutable characteristics. That's the key. And then we're supposed to judge other people for their immutable characteristics. There was a word for that until very recently. What was the word for that? Oh, it's racist. It's explicitly racist to do that. And, you know, that's, that's the world we live in. One more for the wokes out there.


No woke zone today, baby. You see the, the poor young woman who is in us a, she's a member of USA fencing. So fencing of course is sword fighting. And there was a young woman who was pit recently a couple days ago against a man. She had to sword fight a dude. And she decided, I'm not interested in that. So she took a knee in order to express that there is no way that she's fighting a dude while fencing. There's some video for you here of this woman. Redmond Sullivan's is the name of the woman, or excuse me, Redmond Sullivan is the dude.


Redmond Sullivan is the dude. His female opponent was just ejected at a USA fencing event at the University of Maryland. Fellas, do you have that video? Lemme see if we can put this up on the screen. This is cut seven. Here's the female fencer. She, she's, she's, she starts on guard and then she drops to her knee and says, I'm not doing this. I'm not fighting a dude. And you can watch the dude approaches her. Well, at first the judge approaches her. He goes, what are you doing? What are you doing? And presumably she's saying, I'm not fighting a dude. So this coward judge decides to walk off to go have some sort of conference with whoever it is who tells him what to do. And then the dude with the long hair comes walking up and goes, what are you doing?


What are you doing? And she has to tell him again, I'm not fighting a dude. There's no reason a dude should be in this. I'm supposed to be fighting women here. And he is like, come again. He, he leans over. He is like, are you serious? What's happening? And she's like, again, you're a dude. I'm not fighting you. You're not supposed to be part of this sport. You are cheating in this sport. And so that's where we are Now, what is USA fencing saying all about, saying about all of this? Well, USA fencing has re released a ludicrous statement, a ludicrous statement about all of this. They say USA fencing remains committed to fostering an inclusive, respectful community for everyone in our sport.


Ugh. You can see where this is going. Already. We believe in the principle of creating safe communities where all athletes and community members have a place. While we understand there are a range of perspectives, USA fencing will continue to engage in respectful research-based dialogue and review as policy evolves in the Olympic and Paralympic movement, as well as domestic law. Hate speech or targeted hate of any kind is not acceptable online or in person. Let's keep the conversation respectful and, and the strip welcoming to all the strip being where they fight. So in summary, a woman faces a man in a sword fighting contest.


The woman says, we're not doing that. I'm gonna take a knee here and je and, and object to this protest. It. They disqualify her from the entire tournament. They black card her. And then USA fencing releases a statement saying, she's the problem. She's hateful, she's not tolerant. We're welcoming to everyone, including cheating men in sword fighting. That's where we are. And so you just so we're clear, nobody is on their side. The whole internet right now is attacking, attacking USA fencing, which they deserve big time. I am so grateful for you as always.


What a what? Another fun week and please join me again on Monday. It's gonna be a huge show. Coming up next on Rumble is Crowder. I will be joining Crowder on that show. So stay tuned for that. We got a busy day. I hope you have a great weekend.