
I Know I should Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. These guys are funny and make me laugh. This one's totally on me. We were just going through some mechanics before the show logistical stuff and they're like, well, you're muted and you know you're here, all this other stuff. But by the way, when the music starts playing, you know your mic is live. I'm like, really? He's like, it's only been like 10 years. Like you didn't know that. I'm like, no I didn't. I'm glad. I'm glad I don't have anything to worry about where I'd say anything different when the mic is live. You probably heard me in the intro of the show. Go. Oh it is. That was me. Yeah, I didn't even know that. But thank you guys for letting me know. I got a monster show for you today.


As always, you come back on Monday, there's so much to talk about. Let me just tell you what we will not be talking about today. I just want you to know why would I tell you what we're not talking about? Just don't talk about it because if you're here for Super Bowl coverage or Kendrick Lamar or the halftime show, there's a space and a time for that. That's not what I do. I legit don't care. I give you a weekend update on Monday. Today is short. It has nothing to do with the Super Bowl. So I'm just warning you to be a friendly, not to be a jerk. I am not covering any of it. I just don't care. The only thing I care about is Auburn basketball and we dropped a big L to the Gators this weekend. It was hard to watch.


So I'm not I how to mood Big show today. I will touch on briefly this Josh Shapiro thing. Bonino Rule whole, Oh Please, please, please.


Today's show sponsored by Beam. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Get a good night's sleep. Use Code Bonino for 47% off your first order.


Today's show also brought to you by Patriot Mobile. Well we may have won the election. The fight to restore our Great Nations only beginning. Now's the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile's leading the charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone services. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. The difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanct of life and our veterans and first responders. Switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade your 100% US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan. So right now, go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right fellas, let's go for the Monday morning Bell. Happy to be back with you by the way, thank you again making this number one 10 working days in a row. The number one live streamer in the United States. We love you guys. Thank you BUN Army. You guys are the best. This show continues to grow as the deep state Twitter accounts and other trying to take us down, continue to r in pain as we defeat them one by one. This show continues to expand its footprint and I love you guys for it. You are the most powerful force in the MAGA space. Thank you very much. Okay, quick weekend update. Here it is. I didn't do anything but I did go to a cool restaurant. There was a restaurant over in Stewart. I love it. Just opened up.


It was amazing. My friend opens it, opened it, Pez Vela. Really good. I just bring it up because Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not a sushi roll kind of guy. I don't like sushi rolls. I just like plain old raw fish. I don't even like the rice on the damn thing. I just like to wolf it down. I had a sushi roll for like the first time kind of like ever. And man was it good in this place? Psla. So shout out to my friend Lou who just opened it. If you guys are sushi roll fans, apparently Michael says Avita for the great Avita Duffy's a huge sushi roll fan. I just figured out the glories of these things this weekend. If I have to turn in my man card, it's okay. Bino take a vote in the chat. They were really good.


They were really good. It had like some salmon and some avocado and stuff like that and it was pretty darn good. So I liked it. But getting to the important stuff, I've seen the story about Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro and allegations he may have been involved in the Butler assassination plot against President Trump. If there was ever an opportunity to invoke the Bongino rule ever, I am begging you to invoke it now. I'm folks, this appears to me from having been a law enforcement officer myself to be just a standard criminal complaint anyone can make.


Meaning we don't know if it's true or not. All we're saying is somebody said something, I'm just asking you to hold on this. They are some explosive allegations but without hardcore evidence to back it up. Big allegations require big evidence. I'm always under the assumption that you are being played. We're being played until people prove to me otherwise. That's why I invoked the Bongino rule. They want you to run with some of this stuff just like these deep state accounts that promote these liberal talking points. 'cause they want to use it later to discredit you. Like look at East suckers. They fell for that. So nobody knows yet. Everybody hold.


My sources have no indication yet that that, that let's just, when I get something from sources, I'll let you know. We'll just leave it there. Okay? You get what I'm saying? I've seen it. The Bino rule always serves you well. Big, big charges and allegations require big evidence. All right, got mean folks. We have a significant movement today. And when I say significant, I mean significant. I'm looking at the feedback from the chat on there. 92,000 already. Yes. Love you guys. We've had movement in the Adobe media talking head Olympics.


This is a huge day. We haven't made a final decision yet 'cause I just brought this up to the guys, but you'll, you'll, you will be amazed at which the speed, Because You had to chat with Karate Bear. I love you guys. You guys make me laugh and ladies, I mean guys generically, you know, you get what I'm saying? I'm not like a liberal. We don't need to make the distinction. Margaret Brennan from CBS is moving at such a rapid pace in the dopey media talking head Olympics. I've never seen this kind of thing in my life.


It kind of reminds me of Rocky four. Like Rocky was retired, he wasn't even doing anything. Drago kills Apollo Creed and he just goes to Russia and in two weeks he's ready to fight this wrecking ball. Drago, this is Margaret Brennan on the mountain, bro. Remember the scene? What that, this is Margaret Mags is moving at light speed. I have never seen anything like this. Gee Q up the clip if you would. Here is Margaret Brennan for like the third weekend in a row making an utter ass out of herself in front of a national television audience with Senator Bill Haggerty claiming we're not funding sex changes and gender identity stuff in Guatemala.


She could have just looked it up, but Mags is just too dumb 'cause she's training our drug Play the cut. I've, you know, asked them to be very clear about, for example, their role funding Hamas in Gaza. They would not comply. They will not tell us what they do. Now that we start to find out some of the programs that a ID has been funding. If you think about it, sex change operations in Guatemala, L-G-B-T-Q programs in Serbia, the us this Government Does not fund checks beyond the pale change Operations or fund Hamas. You know that though, but you, you sit On that is not true. Margaret, I couldn't get the Secretary of State. I asked him three times to tell me that we were not funding Hamas through a ID.


He couldn't do it. And frankly, what we found is that we've have Funding as American Taxpayers Organizations do have states government is tar. Is is funding a terrorist group. Certainly the the funds that have gone to un r you saw the, the UNRE members were also, that's UN's not a terrorist group was doing an attack on UN R'S part O of the United Nations UN supporting terrorist groups. And if you look at what Unre has done, it's been so counter to our national interest. It's unbelievable that we've been fund it. Oh, Have you ever seen a journalist so bad at her job? Then this utter buffoon, gee and producer Jim are putting together a whole package for Margaret.


Again, producer Jim, get the trophy ready, the bronze medal, please have it inscribed. Margaret, we will just provide us a delivery spot. It can be a PO box, but you are now, you have easily displaced Jonathan Carl that you are so stupid that you just could have looked this up on USA spending.gov cooperative agreement U-S-A-I-D activity to strengthen trans led organizations to deliver gender affirming healthcare and advocate for improved quality and access to services and economic empowerment opportunities.


Oh, look, where's that guys? Where is that? The country? I can't really read that. My eyes are really bad. This gu. Oh, gu, Guatemala. He said it said gu gima guila gu. Michael's like, I think it's Guatemala. I'm, I'm, IM not sure I'm terrible with geography. Oh look these guy, how do you guys got these fancy little features I don't even know about? That's why I hired these guys. Look at, look at Guila. Guila. Otherwise it was gu shit, man. It was like mar it's like mags just could have looked it up and Ra you know, RA Dave never ever had a problem with terrorists infiltrating in ranks.


Of course she could've just looked that up too, but because Mags is so freaking stupid, she can barely do her job. What are you looking at? Can you even read this? Yeah, he's, he's wondering, he's looking at, he just comes around here, right? He's looking at the prompter and he, he doesn't know I'm, I have really good eyes, which is crazy. I can't hear for shit. My muscles don't work. My joints are broken. But you wanna look too, no J on the show J here. Just take a little shot of it for everybody. Say hello Justin to the audience. Everybody knows you're here. Not your hand. You gotta put your face. I wanna see what you look like. Have you ever seen Justin? He's like 75 feet tall. Hey look, he producer, take a picture, put it on the show. Yes, I have good eyes. That's it. That's all I have.


Guatemala mags. It's right there. It's right there. Folks follow the money. The reason last week shows when freaking bananas is because, hold on, I should put this away. Oh my goodness. Shit. Falling all over the, I wrote a book called Follow the Mother Money, although we didn't have the money. I've been covering this forever. How your tax dollars have been flushed into deep state world globalist accounts that are using it to f you over man All mag, all mags had to do Margaret pre is look it up.


Follow the money. Democrats are dying on this U-S-A-I-D Hill folks because it's the deep states bank account. That's why this isn't hard, man. If there was ever a time to put one of the many bongino rules of the show tattooed on your cerebral cortex, it is this one. Always measure the impact of something you're doing by the degree of the enemy. The political enemies, and believe me, these are enemies of the United States responds. The political enemies of the United States are at a level 10 freakout over U-S-A-I-D, which means it's a level 10 effectiveness in shutting the deep state down.


None of this is hard. They are freaking out. I wrote it here. They are dying on this hill because their entire financial lives being funded by U-S-A-I-D and taxpayers to censor us and engage in anti-American activities is about to dry up. Lemme ask you a question in the chat. Bonino bonino on the case here, folks, do you really believe that the communists and socialists and enemies of liberty and freedom around the world are in this for the idea ideology? I'm serious. Take a second to think about that.


Do you actually believe people like Bernie Sanders and others would continue doing what they're doing if they weren't getting rich doing it? I'm dead serious. Okay. No, no, no. Thank you. Pacino shutting down the, you guys are shutting the chat down folks. There's money in communism. Dan, that's backwards. No, I'm ex, I'm telling you the truth. Communism is very lucrative for the communes because they get to control the means of production. That's the fucking definition of communism, man. Government control of the means of production, factories, farm output money.


Where do you think the money goes? People still do stuff in communism. They have to stay alive. But the old joke was they pretend to work. The government pretends to pay you follow the money Trump and Elon are doing. I said this last week, the clip on viral hat tip Mario Neal and others who put it out there. Thank you Elon Musk's contribution to liberty and freedom. Tesla's great great company. He's a capitalist. Fine SpaceX, this guy's a genius. Starlink great, all great products X can't thank him enough for freeing up x. I'm telling you what he's doing right now.


Shutting down the deep state bank account is gonna be 10 x more important than any of that other stuff. It's all great. It's fa, it's unbelievable. The guy's a capitalist, the Carnegie of our time or whatever. I'm just telling you what he's doing to shut the deep state bank accounts down. Now the piggy bank, the money laundering, the spying, the the regime change around the world and here that's happening with your money is 10 x more important folks. There is big money in this. Do you understand? The budget was in the tens of billions of dollars for the dumb asses out there on the left going, the government spends 6 trillion, 40 billion, 10 billion.


40 billion. That's not a lot of money really? Kamala's entire presidential campaign was one and a half billion. You are telling me 40 billion a year, you can't change global politics. Gimme a break bro. You guys remember this from Maria Bartiromo show. Here's a clip, an ama, a real journalist Maria Bartiromo. Unlike this dip, she Margaret Brennan, right? Maria Bar Romo had James Comer on. I want you to listen to the amount of payments comer found going to the Biden family. Dan, why are we talking about the Biden family? Because it's not about the Biden family. The Biden family is a small piece of corrupt politicians making bank and getting rich off your tax dollars and places like U-S-A-I-D that launder it.


That's why the amounts here are stunning of global payment flows flowing to all of these people. I'm not telling you these payments are from U-S-A-I-D, these are from China and other places. I'm simply telling you that the Biden family, if again you read chapter one of my book Insane in Ukraine in my book, follow the Money. You will see Ukraine was a significant beneficiary of some of these payment systems too. And some of the same money was flushed back to the Biden crew. There's big money in this. Watch this. Back in March Comer sent this letter to Biden. Quote, the committee has accounted for over $24 million that has flowed from foreign sources to you, your family and their business associates.


The committee has identified no legitimate services to merit such lucrative payments. You have repeatedly denied playing any, playing any role in your family's business activities. But the committee has amassed evidence including bank records and witness testimony that wholly contradicts your position on these matters. The committee has identified and successfully traced money from foreign transactions, including from China straight to your bank accounts. Certain checks have been described as loan repayments. However, the person who provided you free bookkeeping during your time as vice president did not remember any evidence of a loan from your accounts. Folks, do you see the amount of money flowing around the globe to pay off corrupt politicians, deep state bureaucrats and other general scumbags getting rich off your money?


$40 billion is a ton of money. Okay, this is huge. Now does the leftist response make sense? This money trail is real. I'm gonna show you something coming up. I'm gonna play this clip. Hold on bud. Before the break. I'm gonna show you something though after the break involving Samantha Power and other deep state swamp rats and you're gonna see how all of this is tied together. Money censorship, spygate collusion, hoax regime change here at home. That's what collusion and the Spygate saga were about.


I'll show you the evidence is right in front of your face. You just gotta look at it. I've been writing about this for years. It's a passion project. First I wanna play this here. These two absolute life losers Kara Swisher. And by the way, Kara, stop asking me, I'm not coming on your show. You're absolutely crazy and someone passed information to me about you that was really disturbing. I am never coming on your show now, okay? I was gonna, I was considering it. Someone told me something about you, about your character. So that's why I'm, it's not about like but just how awful of a person you are and it's someone I really trust who's not really apol that I am never coming on your show. So stop asking here is this lunatic Kara Swisher and this guy Scott Galloway, whatever his name is because Doge is uncovering massive amounts of corruption.


You would think these leftists who believe in big government would be interested in funding actual good projects to make government look good. They don't seem to care at all if they want people arrested. This actually happened. Check this out. I want to know who their names are and I wanna see democratic governors saying I'm gonna do everything I can in my power to use the full faith and to the letter of the law to put you folks in prison. I think what you're doing is trespassing. I think this is a coup and be clear just because the new insurrectionist who was elected, you know I don't believe this is legal and I'm gonna hold the people accountable who are trespassing and a part of a coup accountable it it to just sit back and say this is un, this is horrible and this is unlawful.


We need to go gangster here. Gangster gangsters, terrorize and murder people. You understand how on the left this kind of sociopathic nut bag response from two lunatics, the other dip, shit laughing. This is totally acceptable. Republicans, seriously MAGA people do not try this at home. I mean it. If you were to go on a show and suggest we go gangster on anyone, you would probably have had a Biden LED FBI team at your door tomorrow or a secret service operation because these are left wing absolute life loser.


Dipshits. I'm not coming on your shit show. Stop asking. Don't make me put the emails out there. I called her a fungus 'cause she won't go away. I don't go on shows with freaking sociopaths. People arrested who are uncovering massive fraud. Are you crazy? Got a little bit more in this coming up. Don't go anywhere. Quick break right back to the show and then I wanna get to that other piece that's gonna blow your mind. There's a reason people are tuning in here.


Hey, during tax season your sensitive data, there's a lot of traveling to places you can't control. Stopping off at payroll, your account and the tax preparer and countless others data centers as well as the way of the on the way to the IRS folks. You do not want your identity stolen. It happened to me. It was a total train wreck. It took me about a year to clean up. Listen, any of these things can expose you to identity theft 'cause they have info on your W2. Just a ticket for criminal to steal your identity. Now when did the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. Get LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second. They alert you to threats you can miss. I've gotten countless texts from them saying, did you approve this? You if your identity's stolen LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection pledge. So don't wait. Restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Simple deal. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. So join now and save up to 40% in your first year. That's a big savings. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK. Use promo code bonino, do it today or go to lifelock.com/bonino lifelock.com/bonino for 40% off terms apply. Don't get your identity stolen. I'm telling you it was a big nightmare happened to me.


Folks, I keep telling you, follow the money trail. This is not a difficult case. This is super easy to understand. The federal government steals your money in the form of excessive tax payments. They're using these tax payments to fund this organization that has done everything in its power to fund anti-American censorship activities and regime change around the world. And they don't want you to see it. That's why they're freaking out. And these two lunatics want people arrested for figuring out, here's Politico. They had to get involved too. Activist judges are making up law now. Judge orders sweeping restriction on DOGE access to sensitive Treasury payment systems.


This isn't even real. This judge Air quotes just made this up. Did you read the the ruling? They don't even really cite any kind of law or anything. He makes up some connection to the Administrative Procedures Act. This is just a fairy tale. This is how desperate they are to stop this thing, to stop you from seeing the money trail and where your money went. By the way, big interview today with the great Mike Bens deep state specialist who's gonna make an appearance later in this show who been uncovering this for a long time on my radio show today. So you can check that out here on Rumble. The last hour is available on locals if you wanna sub.


Okay? Or you can just listen on your local radio station. Folks, your government has been using your money to censor and engage in regime change around the world. It is not a conspiracy theory, it's not a bad Will Smith movie. This is actually happening. I'm gonna show it to you right now in just one small case how this works. I want you to listen to this. First here is U-S-A-I-D funded operation. It's called Inter News. It's inter news air quotes. It's everything you think it is U-S-A-I-D. There's been some funds here that have been cross-pollinated with inter news. Here is the head of inter news, gne, Bergal, whatever.


I'm sorry if I'm saying her name wrong. It's not intentional. I don't really care. Notice how she talks about disinformation and ex exclusion lists. Your taxpayer dollars are funding a lot of this. Disinformation is code word for censorship and conservative ideas. Exclusion list means any conservative website, podcast or whatever. We're gonna make sure no advertiser puts their stuff on there because we just don't like your politics. Listen to this. Disinformation makes money and it's, that's one of the, we need to follow that money and we need to work with the, and particularly the global advertising industry, that a lot of those dollars go to pretty bad, bad content. And so you can work really hard on exclusion lists or inclusion lists to sort of really try to focus ad dollars and challenge the global advertising industry all around the world to focus our ad dollars towards the the good, the good news and information, the good, the accurate and relevant news and information.


So if you follow the money, multiple chapters worth of it, you will see your money has been used to fund these exclusion lists and censorship regimes disguised as disinformation for years if not decades. Now you ever wonder if you have a conservative website, how programmatic ad CPMs are really low. Yet you go to a liberal website that promotes ridiculous conspiracy theories like the collusion hoax and they seem to be doing fine. Do you ever wonder how that happened? Your tax dollars funded it, bro.


That's how it happened. People got rich off this censoring you. These organizations got millions in your money to censor you. It's hilarious by the way, how this lady says we need to follow the money. That's exactly what Elon's doing. Don't follow the money to us. I want you to listen to this here. This is really important. This is Samantha power. Samantha Power is a huge deep state swamp rat of the highest order. She is an Obama Clinton ISA acolyte.


She has been knee deep in tremendous political scandals. And I don't mean that in a qualitatively good way. Here is Samantha Power when she was U-S-A-I-D administrator on quote. I want you to listen to this on influencing quote strategically important elections. Notice how I laid this out. I played to you for you the inter news lady talking about exclusion lists. Who has a tie to this? They have a tie to this money flow. So we're talking about censorship and regime change, which your textiles funded. Here's the regime change component. U-S-A-I-D. Basically admitting it under Samantha Power. Listen to this. Authoritarians have grown increasingly clever in manipulating elections.


Something that we see them do in their own countries, but often also abroad as we know too well in the 2020s. That's where we are right now. Most elections are not stolen by flagrantly stuffing ballot boxes or throwing opponents in jail. They're subtly undermined, discredited, or tilted in an incumbent's favor often years before election day. Contemporary tactics like cyber hacks, false information on social media and questionable regulations have undermined elections all over the world. USAID and other development agencies have supported elections for decades, but we have not always kept up with these pernicious methods.


It's fair to say that's why since the Summit for Democracy, we have gathered the world's leading organizations that support electoral integrity. Some of whom are here today, both governmental and non-governmental, to form a coalition for securing election integrity. A coalition for securing election integrity for strategically important elections. That's cold war for how do we steal elections? They did the same thing here. Your money is funding. Keep the two points in mind, light it up in the chat. Your money is funding two things and this is why they're freaking out censorship of you, which they need to do.


They can't have you speaking out and regime change 'cause they don't want fair elections because then what do you get? You get a Donald Trump. Where does, where am I going with this Samantha Power thing folks. Samantha Power is knee deep in the Obama Biden decades plus long corruption scheme. Okay? Do you remember this scandal about Samantha Power? Keep in mind she was knee deep in U-S-A-I-D and all this money and influencing elections regime change, right? The hill. Look at the date on this. Remember the hill and John Solomon parted ways because John Solomon was exposing a bunch of stuff and then he left and departed the hill, issued some we're sorry for his work or whatever kind of crap.


This is why Solomon and them probably didn't go move forward. Unmask in chief Samantha Power, Dan, that's the same woman we just saw. Yes, it is spewed anti-Trump bias in government emails. The dates 2019 quote. It turns out Samantha Power, the diplomat whose authority inexplicably was used to unmask hundreds of Americans names in secret intelligence reports during the 2016 election engaged in similar Trump bashing on her official email unmasking. You guys know what unmasking is? Do you remember? Again, wrote about this in multiple books here.


What the government was doing is it was using the foreign intelligence database, the FBI and others had access to that was supposedly designed. This is why I hate Pfizer a law so much in 7 0 2 and can't stand it when it's abused. They were using the database to designed to spy on foreign terrorists. Fine. Okay, whatever. I don't want terrorist attack in the United States. They have no constitutional rights. They're foreigners overseas. But if you were talking to an American, they have to unmask your identity. What the hell was Samantha Power's name being used to unmask a bunch of people?


You know what reverse targeting is, folks? It's when, say Michael's talking to someone overseas and you don't really care about the person overseas, you care about Michael. So you pretend you're targeting the person overseas and then you unmask Michael and go, oh look what happened. Look what we found out. You understand? The Obama team was using unmasking to spy on Americans using this FISA loophole of unmasking to uncover their political enemies and other people like this. That's what the whole collusion hoax was about. Trump knows about all of this. They're protecting Obama with this U-S-A-I-D money.


They are unmasking US citizens using aid money and everything. These are the same people. These scandals are all related folks. All of 'em, the same players power that was involved in unmasking, collusion, spygate, all of this stuff are the exact same people involved in the U-S-A-I-D money scandal. Trump and Elon uncovered. It's the same group of people. This is why liberals chose this hill to die on.


If they can't do regime chains and censorship, there's not gonna be a liberal movement. I got more coming up, including Mike Bens senator Joni Ernst found something out. You know, plus one minus, you know how that works a lot more ahead. Don't go anywhere. Got a big show left.


Have you ever seen the news? Have you seen the news lately? For some economists forecasting and depression, not a recession. By 2030 we could be in the perfect storm. If social security entitlements and Medicare hit a breaking point with the largest generation hitting retirement. A smaller workforce usually means a smaller tax base. Pair that with the growing national data, rising cost of living and we got a big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future? Gold has been a safe haven, safe haven asset in hard economic times. And birch gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold and it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. Protect your future today. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation only information. I buy my gold from Birch Gold. You can trust them too. So text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply. Thank you Birch Gold.


Our last sponsor before we get back to the show is Helix. After a long day of work, I look forward to sleeping on my Helix mattress. I've had two of them now I'm on my second one. No more tossing and turning. You have minor pains like I do. You snore, you sleep too out or too cold. Go to Helix Helix sleep.com/dan, just look at the mattress. They got a mattress that'll work best for you. It's been helping me get well rested. I know you've seen me with a lot of energy during the show. It's 'cause I'm sleeping like a champion lately. You can probably see the difference. So right now get Helix is best offer available exclusive for my listeners. 27% off site sitewide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchased. That's a great deal. Get any Lux or Elite mattress order and you get a free bedding bundle that includes two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. That's Helix sleep.com/dan. The official mattress of the Bino Army for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase H-E-L-I-X. With any lux or elite mattress order, you get a free bedding bundle, two free dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. Again, go today, Helix sleep.com/dan. Thanks Helix have been with us a long time. We appreciate it folks.


They are gonna die on this hill because of censorship and regime change. I want you to watch how M-S-N-B-C, they're gonna try this. No one believes it anymore. It honestly makes no difference at all. But they're gonna try it when the left has nothing else, right? They've tried everything else. People are gonna die. You're throwing grandma off a cliff, you're stopping cancer. Research all of their tricks. What do they go to? Anybody in the chat know where do they go when they've run out of all available political weapons? Anyone get it? I I I need you guys in the chat 'cause I love you guys. I wanna see who gets it first. Yes. Yes. Scott. The American 1776.


Yes sir. He says you call them a racist. That is how you know target. You are over the target Here is M-S-N-B-C. Of course the clown network for goofballs and losers. Here's M-S-N-B-C trying the race card, hoping that this last minute get the righty out of the bullpen. Hoping well the lefty in their case get the lefty. Who's that lefty John Franco. Get the lefty outta the bullpen. They are hoping and praying to stop the rock from being uncovered. U-S-A-I-D stuff. Check this out. Can we talk About where this war on U-S-A-I-D even came from? It's, it's crazy. So they didn't talk about this during the campaign. You didn't hear a word one about not one U-S-A-I-D in.


I read about this just a couple days ago in December. Joe Rogan has a guest on who's like a crazy right winger, allegedly crazy, I guess I have to say in this day and age, who is like a, A white nationalist self-proclaimed white nationalist MM influencer. And he goes on and talks all about how the foreign service and U-S-A-I-D in particular, it's a hive of criminality and he's a conspiracy theorist and who's listening to Rogan. That episode of Elon Musk. This is the first time that Elon has heard of you as a ID. Notice how this all white panel, by the way it sits there and is talking.


They're talking about Mike Ben who will be on my radio show later today. So please don't miss that. They're talking about Mike Ben. So because Mike Ben has been uncovering and doing unbelievable work on the deep state, these assholes on this network are not remotely interested in the information Bens has. Did you notice that they're interested in ad hominem, fake phony racist attacks, which by the way, no one believes. So as a big double barrel middle finger to the M-S-N-B-C assholes who thought it was a good idea, we are going to give Mike Bens another platform today to stick it to you losers just because you tried to shut 'em up. Okay, what are they trying to shut 'em up about? Here's Mike Bens on Twitter. I want you to listen to me very closely.


He says, when the CEO of USAID's inter news, that lady you saw before, pressured advertisers to create exclusion lists to only fund approved news sources. She was carrying out USAID's formal policy goal to have U-S-A-I-D partners do advertiser outreach to quote, redirect funding. Notice how this asshole on the M-S-N-B-C channel, who by the way may have some serious legal concerns calling Mike Bens implying the guy some kind of a racist. I don't know. But I'd encourage him to pursue all legal options. It's the only way you gotta create real material losses for these losers or they don't understand.


They don't understand. Notice how he doesn't address anything that Bens actually says in his tweet. The inter news lady is on video I just played for you. Talking about in essence censoring conservative political material. What's happened because of exclusion list. There it is right there. You can see it on the screen. Folks. How bad was U-S-A-I-D and what they've been up to. It gets even worse. Senator Joni Ernst who thankfully voted for Pete Hegseth and you know, we're always plus one minus one.


I don't get emotional about this stuff and they shouldn't either. Apparently Senator Joni ERT has been looking into U-S-A-I-D for a long time. So good. We give you a plus one. Like I said, I don't get emotional about anything. Here's an op-ed she wrote in the Wall Street Journal this weekend and you should pay very close attention to it. U-S-A-I-D is a rogue agency. I want you to listen to this part in case you think Elon's not onto something 'cause you're delusional or on magic mushrooms or whatever. I faced the same stonewalling from U-S-A-I-D-S noticed when I asked about tax dollars being diverted from project missions to largely unrelated costs. The costs she describes and they describe as the negotiated indirect cost rate.


I want you to remember that term. U-S-A-I-D claimed it wasn't possible to track this. ERT says we debunked that. We provided their staff with a link to a public database. The agency fired back basically threatening Senator ERNs ands staff saying, divulging this information about negotiated indirect cost rates would violate federal law. What is the negotiated indirect cost rate? You want to get really pissed off. Sorry. I was like I said, I was like monitoring the chat to see how you guys feel about this. It's the grift rain, apparently. U-S-A-I-D put up the next screenshot so they can read ahead a little bit.


Apparently U-S-A-I-D is funding so many regime change censorship bullshit operations around the world. L-G-B-T-Q-I-A identity politics, anti-American activities that the people involved. There's a grift factor. She notes audits uncovered that more than a million dollars from the government were paid for a dangerous research. The bulk of the money provided by U-S-A-I-D, not Dr. Fauci, U-S-A-I-D evaded the obligation to report this transaction by using pass through organizations, including EcoHealth Alliance now barred from receiving US government grants.


Put this all together. What she's telling you, she's telling you with this negotiated indirect cost rate that the people who are the middlemen getting the money they wanna cut of this too. So our government pays in like a grift premium where the middleman gets paid off to do things like give money to anti-American causes like the freaking Wuhan lab. She's not implying that that the grift rate applied to that case, but that, that's the carve out, the middleman EcoHealth alliance to get to China. And then other people are getting paid off to distribute the funds.


Folks, that's why you're seeing things like this this weekend. Did you see the insurrection as the Democrats try to stop Elon Musk and others from looking at these payment systems? Why do you think they're losing their marbles? Why? Why are they humiliating themselves here? Watch these losers who are saying now as they try to storm this building, oh, we're here looking out for parents and the kids in school. You had the FBI try to arrest parents for looking out kids for kids in school. What kind of bullshit story is this? Check this out For young women who have been victims of sexual assault in our classrooms, on our school grounds. Members of OCR are fighting for your children.


We are not allowed in the building to talk to them. We are not allowed to advocate on behalf of America's children America. We have a problem. Nah, everybody stand By these people. These people are full of shit. Full of it. These are the same liberal Commies Commies who wanted you parents arrested for showing up at your kid's school board to question what was going on in your kid's school. Now all of a sudden we uncover the deep state piggy bank and the left is freaked out. We're looking out for parents in schools. You're not looking out for squats. Sit down and shut up. By the way, on a lighter note, this guy's a hero. Who is this guy?


Well, can can someone give this guy a medal, an award, a trophy? So did you see this guy at the same building stopping these absolute calm lunatics would from going to look at the sky, we decide to stay. We love you. Look at this guy. We just stay right there. Listen for a second. You Just stay and stay. Why are you letting us go to that desk like we were able to do last year? What? He's Not. He's not a US employee. I, this is a public institution. Look at these losers, bunch of commies. Look at him. I love this guy. Whoever this guy is who stood at the building door and stopped the comi horn from their insurrection on the building. We absolutely love this guy.


That guy needs to be a meme from this point going forward. It'll be a great one. The most unbothered man. The most, right? Justin said it the most un you know, have they you had that guy, the Do Equis guy, the most interesting man America. This is the most unbothered guy in dc. He's like, Hey, you're not coming in. Why? 'cause you can't. Yeah, blah. Look, operator, you got Maxine Waters salivating spinning all guy like, yeah, we're good, but stop spinning on me, please. It's kind of gross now. Maxine Waters right now. Now Maxine Waters all of a sudden she wants to see someone's id. You can vote without id. Maxine Waters loves that. This guy, she's demanding Id, I wanna see Id, I wanna see Id, you know what he, I, he's a professional.


You know, he should have said that. Be like, sure, I'll show you. Id when you guys prove Id to vote and engage in regime change around the world. I'm perfectly good showing, oh, now you're fans of Id amazing. That was a good one. I didn't even catch that connection there. Folks, they are terrified of this. They are terrified of all of this. They are pulling out the race card and they're freaking out. I didn't get to it on Friday 'cause I had a lot to talk about. And the Bonino rule was in effect, but we did not get to celebrate. Of course, anyone in the chat know where I'm going with this? By the way, anyone, you, how, how good of a feel do you guys have for me in the show? Like, we're all like a big family here. The Bonino army and the mc groin crew. You guys, I think really have kind of a good taste for what's going on in my cerebral cortex.


What did I not talk about? Anybody know? What did I miss? Where am I going with this? Mike Ben says, I'm reading the chat. Come on someone, you guys, you guys, you guys are better at this than I am. You're, you're actually good at my show. Let's see you. Anyone get it? All right. No one yet. No, not Dick Durbin. Great then. Okay, alright. Big balls. How the, how do we not talk about big balls? So most of you have heard the story by now about big balls. Apparently one of the Doge engineers, one of these whiz kids, had some tweet in the past. Of course, you know the Democrats who were the biggest racist ever, they wanna discriminate based on skin color.


That's what identity politics is, are horrified. That's some tweet, which was a bad tweet in the past by some guy who went by the thing. Big balls. So of course the Democrats virtue signal, oh my gosh, we can't have all of this stuff. The Democrats, who were the biggest racist ever, of course went after and made big ball. This Is, wait, you can't have three balls. There's only two. He told me three ball. So in honor of big balls, we not, Paula's gonna go, she actually hates this, by the way, Paul, but it's okay because this, if there was ever a time I think she'll understand in honor of big balls, we are whipping out, yes, pun intended. The the watermelon sized balls and the grapefruit sized balls.


Although We have, We have two grapefruits. But honestly I think the watermelon, can you just pretend they're two or bigger? So big balls. Of course they lost their mind over big balls. Nobody really gives a shit anymore about this cancel culture stuff. Kids do stupid stuff all the time. It's okay to say that was stupid. I apologize. I do stupid stuff every single day. Forget about when I was a kid. Thankfully the best vice presidential pick we've had in years, in decades, maybe in the last 50 years. Dan, it's only been three weeks. I don't care. It's JD Vance. This guy has big balls too.


JD Vance goes after this fake phony fraud. Rohan, who by the way was like a central figure in de platforming Parler who pretends he's a free speech guy. Kana is a phony. He wants to know from JD Vance, are you gonna tell big balls to apologize for saying normalize Indian hate before this rehire just asking for the sake of both of us. And our kids shouldn't say shit like that. Big mistake kid. Apologize. You move on. Here's jd. I love this guy. Did I not? I'm resisting the urge. I'm resisting. Here's jd. Hey Roe, for the sake of both of our kids, grow up racist trolls on the internet while offensive.


Don't threaten my kids. You know what does A culture that denies grace to people who make mistakes. A culture that encourages congressmen to act like whiny children. He goes on, which is even better. JD Vance. I cannot overstate how much I loathe. He says this emotional blackmail pretending to be concern. My kids, God willing, will be risk takers. They won't think constantly about whether a flippant comment or a wrong viewpoint will follow them for the rest of their lives. They will tell stupid jokes. They will develop views they later think are wrong. Or even gross. I made mistakes as a kid and thank God I grew up in a culture that encouraged me to grow and lean and learn and feel remorse when I screwed up and offer grace when others did.


If he gave that speech to the podium, they'd be teaching the history books. Justin just said it. If he would've said that in an address on inauguration there someone, the world would've heard it. It would've been the new emancipation Proclamation from Cancel Culture. Folks, we need more of this man. This cancel culture shit is outta hand. And for the left to make an A, A-A-A-A-A scene about big balls is just the Denu Ma of this story of cancel culture. It's ending right now.


Listen to me. I mean it. Let me just be, I know we screwing around with a lot of shit today. Kind of stuff's not funny though. I've done a lot of stupid shit in my life. A loss. Listen to me. I'm serious. I'm not messing with you. And I mean like really stupid shit. I'm not even gonna tell you on the show because I don't wanna waste your time. Some stuff that you know, looking back, I can't believe how dumb it was. A lot of you have done the same thing. You've done really stupid stuff. If we are really gonna engage in this fake virtue signaling bullshit for the rest of our lives where a bunch of five to 16 year olds have to worry about every utterance they've ever made in an internet, that's gonna scrape all of it.


Ladies and gentlemen, you might as well burn society to the ground. The only way to stop this is to stop it. I have a call to action to all of you. 'cause it's, it's easy for me to give speeches too, but JD means it and so do i. I would never treat my staff this way. And I'm asking you, small business owners, big business owners, medium-sized business owners, government employers, supervisors, managers. If you got a good employee, that's a good human being. And you find out 10 years ago they made the mis made a mistake and you fire and get rid of em. I got news for you. You're part of the problem.


Bad people, bad people get rid of 'em If you said dumb shit and he's still a dumb ass, fire him. That's what merit autocracies are about. But if you partake in this, you are the problem too. Don't do it. Sorry. But this is a very sensitive issue because this cancel culture stuff is exactly what the left wants. They want society like North Korea where everybody's ratting on each other because the only one that never gets ratted on is the government. That's why they're going after Elon because he put this tweet up this weekend, some of the stuff jointly agreed to by do. Oh, look at that. Look at the stuff he's been looking at. This is basic stuff.


He's like, Hey listen, can we have these payments? The government's making have some kind of categor category, a categorization code, they leave it blank. No one knows what the payments are for. Can we include a rationale for payments so we know what the government's paying people for? He wants to know if we can put a do not pay list. So this is crazy folks, Elon, he's outta control on this. You believe this guys, he doesn't wanna pay dead people or terrorists or exist. Why dead? What the balls on Elon? The Dude, you didn't even see that coming, did you? I just hit Justin right on the arm. Right on the left arm. He doesn't wanna pay freaking dead people or terrorists.


Elon, shame on you. Game of throne style. Shame. Shame folks. They don't care man. They don't care The left. Every government payment matters to them. To a terrorist, a dead person. Why? Because it's matched by their ability to take your money. Ev and I'll cover this tomorrow. Government payments are taxes either through the form of inflation. That's why they'll never stop 'em. The government needs to suck money out of the private economy if it goes to terrorists or dead people. They don't give a shit. They're trying to create, and I'm, I wanna really applaud the president here, by the way. President Trump did an interview during the Super Bowl, got a great reception during the Super Bowl.


He snapped to attention looking very presidential. Taylor Swift got booed that, that was funny. Sorry, I know I said I went over the Super Bowl because I go really don't care. But President Trump did an interview with Brett Bear from Fox. It was a pretty good interview. I'm gonna air, I think the rest of it tonight, please. I, I listen, the Trump team doesn't need lectures from me. Okay? They don't. They won an election. Fine. Please do not take this bait. The media is trying to create a schism right now between Elon and Trump because these two Donald Trump's in charge. There's no doubt about it. But Elon has been an incredible asset in uncovering the deep state piggy bank.


Here's Donald Trump answering this question. Just one of his best answers I've heard in, it's just amazing how he senses. They're trying. I'm not saying Brett's doing this, he's talking about other coverage. But it's a good question. And watch how Trump just knocks this out of the ballpark. Check this out. The People, look, I ran on this and the people want me to find it. And I've had a great help with Elon Musk, who's been terrific. Bottom line, you say you trust him. Trust Elon. Oh, he's not gaining anything. In fact, I wonder how he can devote the time to it. He's so into it. But I told him do that. Then I'm gonna tell him very soon, like maybe in 24 hours to go check the Department of Education, he's gonna find the same thing.


Then I'm gonna go go to the military. Let's check the military. We're gonna find billions, hundreds of billions of dollars of fraud and abuse. And you know, the people elected me on that. Folks, listen man, I love Donald Trump's first term. That's why I was jumped out to endorse him the minute he ran this time. There's no mystery there. I'm a MAGA guy. Again, we don't agree on every single thing, but most of the agenda, I'm gonna tell you as objectively as possible, which is hard. I understand that this second term, he 100% gets it. He knows exactly what they're doing here.


They figure if they can run a commercial. This is, you guys know what they're doing. They're gonna try to run commercials in the Palm Beach, DC market. So Donald Trump sees him. So, 'cause they know, he watches Fox saying, Donald Trump, how do you feel about Elon taking your job? It's all bullshit. He's not falling for it. You're wasting your money. Elon is gonna go from one agency to another treasury, the Pentagon Labor education, and they're going to go through each and every payment. It doesn't matter. You can go to the courts, you are gonna lose in the long run. You are going to lose. This is going to get cleaned up.


And the foing, the finding out has not stopped. I don't know if you caught this this weekend in the flurry of good news, Donald Trump pulled a bunch of security clearances on true social from Joe Biden and others. If Joe Biden has a poor memory and we know is involved in international corrupt activities, we know why would we access the Let This Guy access sensitive information? And this was beautiful too. Pulled the security clearances of Twinkies up in New York. Alvin Bragg and tis James. Ladies and gentlemen, it's not a small thing. These two corrupt crats, these two life losers zeroes, can now not access federal buildings.


They don't belong in there. They don't belong in there. You wanna go into the FBI headquarters? Sorry, you can't do it in New York. You don't belong in there. I told you this was gonna be the FAFO presidency. The F aing already happened. The foing is happening now. I had a whole bunch more on this too, I wanted to get to. There's a lot of foing. I'm gonna have to get to it into tomorrow's show, folks,


big announcement today. One more final thing. It's important. All Yub, Bonino Army folks out there. I wanna thank President Trump for one more really important thing today. They are now starting as of today. You may have seen it. You're gonna find out the details over today, rumble. The White House is starting an official Rumble account, the Trump White House. Thank you. I really appreciate that. I know Chris, the CEO of Rumble and all the shareholders and all the rumble folks out there, and the freedom of speech advocates deeply appreciated too. Thank you. The White House for standing up for free speech and opening a Rumble account and talking and then walking the walk, not just talking the talk. Big, huge news today. Congratulations Chris Pavlovsky for sticking it through and rumbles back in Brazil too. He stood his ground and it worked. Thank you for being a part of Rumble. Download the Rumble app. It is free. Please download it today. Make it the number one app in the world. Just give us a follow when you're there. If you wanna watch it on the web, it's bonino dot coms rumble.com/bonino rumble.com/bonino. Please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. See you in the radio show here in Rumble in a little bit, and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then.


You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.