
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Hailey. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry If you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley. I'll see you there.


It is the best audience in media. Great to have you with us today. We've got a, a big show for you lined up. Joe Concha will be here as we, we have a, an awesome start here on VINCE. Hey, let me tell you about our sponsors because they make it all happen.


This is July. There's a global summit of bricks, nations and Rio de Janero Brazil. There are, and the block of emerging superpowers, including China, Russia, India, Iran. They're all meeting with a goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. As bricks, nations push forward with their plans, global demand for US dollars could decrease bringing down the value of the dollars in your savings while this transition won't happen overnight. The so-called real reset in July marks a pivotal moment when brick's objectives could move decisively from theoretical possibility toward reality. So learn of diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free info kit on Gold by texting my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Data and message rates apply.


All right, let's see here. Let us see. All right, so the, the reaction coming in from the law enforcement guys saying that they think that 86 means yeah, to take 'em out. Retired New Jersey officer here says V-V-R-R-T-T. He's lying through his teeth. Any officer with a modicum of experience would know what 86 is. Yeah, that's, that's the number, that's what I'm hearing from all the cops I've been speaking to since this got posted. I've been reaching out to law enforcement officials, former FBI guys, guys who've led police departments, and they're telling me there is no question in the world that an experienced law enforcement officer would know what the phrasing 86 47 means.


86 47 86 means get rid of to kill in its worst case scenario. But at the very least, let's just back up for a moment. Let's just back up for a moment and, and, and just, even if we were to give this idiot the benefit of the doubt, 86, there is no electoral path to removing President Trump. He's not up for reelection again, that's not going to happen, happen. So you really are advocating for insurrection, at the very least, a coup or to kill the man. And how can threats to President Trump, how can efforts to remove President Trump be understood? Well, how many times have they tried to kill him?


How many assassination attempts do you need to see? President Trump was shot in the head last year, July 13th of last year. And James Comey, who hates Trump posts a message that is 86 47. Now, I gotta say that it is unreal, unreal that he claims that he just found this on his beach walk. I just found it. I was walking on the beach and all of a sudden, I, I just spotted 86 47 written on the ground. What? You gotta be nuts. Look at this thing. Cool. Shelf formation on my beach walk. Yeah, right. You know what was happening? You know what was happening?


This seven foot freak was leaning in the dirt, making his little shelf formation, 8 6 4 7 in order to express this little message. This is for his burn book. He was taking pictures of it so he could share it to Instagram. He's trying to get attention off of this, and boy is he, he is getting attention off of it. Now, a lot of people online, of course, instantly notice like, this guy's calling for the assassination of the president. What's going on here? And among the people who noticed was Donald Trump Jr. Donald Trump Jr. Take a look here. This is Donald Trump Jr's post on the subject when he said, You know, j just James Comey casually calling for my dad to be murdered.


This is who the Dem media worships demented. So that's how Don do. Donald Trump Jr. Interpreted this, and he is not alone. Government officials instantly started interpreting it the very same way, or at least they're concerned about this and that, that brings us to first and foremost Cash Patel, director of the FBI. Cash's reaction to this. We are aware of the recent social media post by the former FBI director, James Comey, directed at President Trump. We're in communication with the Secret Service and Director Koran, that's the head of the Secret Service. Primary jurisdiction is with the Secret Service on these matters. And we, the FBI will provide all necessary support.


So that's the, the FBI's reaction here. Then we take it a step further. Yes, it's in the Secret Services hand hands, which means it's in the hands of the Department of Homeland Security. That brings us to Christi Nome, who referred to Comey here and said, disgraced former FBI director James Comey just called for the assassination of the President. Trump. DHS and Circuit Service are investigating this threat, and they will respond appropriately. That's Christie Nome. And then we get the Secret Service themselves. Have weighed in on this subject telling Susan Crabtree and the spokesman also posting to social media. His name is Anthony Guglielmi, by the way, a holdover from the Biden era.


I'm a little surprised that this guy's still the spokesman, but we'll see. They, they say in this post that the Secret Service vigorously investigates anything that can be taken as a potential threat against our protectees. We're aware of the social media posts by the former FBI director, and we take this rhetoric seriously. Beyond that, we don't comment on protective intelligence matters, but this is the kind of thing that definitely gets somebody like James Comey or anybody else. A visit Susan Crabtree said that this is going to happen if he refuses to comply with their request for what's known as a protective intelligence interview. The Secret Service case agent can apply for a subpoena through the Assistant US attorney, and then force him to answer their questions as an attorney.


He will likely refuse to be interviewed without hiring an attorney himself and having that person present to provide counsel before answering Secret Service agents' questions. On the other hand, Comey could agree to demonstrate how open and transparent he is and agree to cooperate and sit down for an interview. All right. Now, Comey has removed the post at this point, the post is gone and he's posted a follow-up statement. And you tell me If you even begin to believe how he's explaining himself here. Comey says the following. Let me just pull this into frame for you. Comey says, I posted earlier a picture of some shells I saw today on a beach walk, which I assume were a political message.


You assumed what led you to that assumption, James Comey, you assumed you saw 8, 6, 4 7. And then you thought to yourself, man, that must be a political message. What, what does that even mean? I didn't realize some folks associate those numbers with violence never occurred to me, but I oppose violence of any kind. So I took the post down bullshit. This guy put this together. He took a photo of it, then you posted it. This normally happen. An FBI director just randomly takes a picture of something he finds on the beach. He's like, You know, I have no idea what this means, but I'm just gonna share it on social media. It's garbage.


There's no way that's true. There's no way that's true. He's lying. What do they call that in the FBI? Lack of candor. He's lying. It's a pattern for this guy, for whatever reason. I don't know what's going on here, but he apparently does this all the time. He's like, I've got a, I've got a post on X right now that is going freaking nuclear at the moment. And, and it's this. Look at this one. I, James Comey back in October, look at this. He posted a picture of a vote, Harris seashell. There's a seashell that he clearly painted the words, vote ha vote Harris on.


And then he leaned it against a piece of wood on the beach. He said, saw this at the beach. Ariel understands the assignment. Ariel the Little mermaid. There's something really demented about this whole thing. It's, yeah, somebody said, what a freak poison da boy. Yeah. What? You saw a vote Harris shell sitting on the beach. Where did the fish make it? How did, how did the vote Harris? Shell end up on the beach there. Senator Comey saw this at the beach. Ariel understands the assignment. A little mermaid reference. Holy cow.


It's beginning to make sense why James Comey has so many pride photos on his Instagram. You ever looked at his Instagram? He's got photos of pride flags and all sorts of things. Yeah. Anyway, he keeps finding shells like I I said here weird how Comey keeps finding seashells that express all of his nutty views over and over. So there's a pattern, actually, You know, If you were an FBI agent, you'd be like, this is kind of a pattern of behavior. This sort of suggests that maybe Comey's doing this. At any rate, he should know better. He should know what 86 47 does means. And he does. He does. And so today we are seeing the reaction to it. Now, the left is downplaying it instantly. Oh, big deal, whatever.


But what it what Comey is doing is he's expressing something that the foot soldiers of the left have been expressing. You know, the Antifa types who've been in the streets. They've been holding up signs that say the same thing, 86 47 that's been going on. This is, these are left wing radicals who use this type of wink and nod gesturing in order to encourage more assassination attempts on the president of the United States. And if we just back up for a moment and think about what the rules are, what are the rules in this system? What is the left belt? The rules as they stand now, are that Trump is President. Trump is guilty of inciting violence even when he tells people to peacefully and patriotically make their voices heard.


That's what Jack Smith said. Jack Smith put out an entire report that ludicrous special counsel that said that, You know, Trump really deserves to be charged. Trump deserves to be charged with inciting violence because he spoke to his supporters and, and they became violent. And, and he, and, and he's responsible for it. He's, he's at fault and should be criminally charged. Really? So Trump says, patriotically and peacefully make your voices heard. And that guy should be charged. That guy should have his life destroyed. I don't know. I don't think so. I don't think so. We have that fellas. No. So, but so, but that's what Trump said.


And then Comey posts 86 47, and then we're all just supposed to look the other way in the midst of the fact that he's routinely been shot at and even shot last year on July 13th of last, of last year. And if we're gonna play, the rhetoric leads to violence game against President Trump. If you wanna play that game, well then I'll, I'll play that game with you. What about all the times that the left, including when Joe Biden was bathed in blood, red light claimed that Donald Trump was an existential threat to democracy. That it was gonna be the end of our republic if President Trump reelected that he needed to be stopped from returning to office because of the threat he posed to our country.


What about that? What about the fact that the Ukrainian who was hiding in the bushes in Florida ha posted on social media that President Trump was a threat to democracy? Echoing the language of Joe Biden and echoing the language of people like James Comey was, were those not incitements to violence? If actual assassins are using the same language, heck, that guy had a Biden Harris bumper sticker on the back of his car in Hawaii. So what are we to infer from all of this? Was he not incited to attempt to assassinate the president of the United States by the American left?


So yes, James Comey deserves, at the very least, to suffer the consequences that he has created for others who disagree with him. But in this case, he straight up said 86 47, not much left of the imagination. Tulsi Gabbard, the Director of National Intelligence, responded to this very quickly last night she was on television. Take a look at cut one. Here's Tulsi Gabbard. Are you buying that? The former FBI director didn't know what 86 Trump meant. Absolutely not, Jesse. That that is a ridiculous and insane statement to make certainly within this context. But especially coming from a guy who's the former director of the FBIA guy who spent most of his career prosecuting mobsters and gangsters, people who know and execute other humans and use this exact lingo of 86 Comey himself admitted in his follow-on message that he knew that this was a political statement.


Well, the only reason he knew that, Jesse, was because little over a month ago, a a, a bunch of anti-Trump, anti Elon Musk protestors were proliferating the use of this 86 47 slogan, which was a veiled call to action, to murder the sitting president of the United States. So for Comey to think that we, the American people are so stupid as to think that he as a former FBI director, former prosecutor, and someone who clearly pays attention to what's going on, would believe his lie that he didn't know what this actually was calling for. The dangerousness of this Jesse cannot be underestimated.


It's really straightforward. You know, president Trump, there's been multiple attempts on his life and now you get a very, very high profile person who's obviously trying to, to encourage others to, once again, take these disgraceful steps, visit that guy. And the Secret Service should be at his house. They should be talking to him right now. And I hope they are. I really hope they are, because that's exactly what he deserves, if not worse for what he's doing. What a scumbag. James Comey. Now, president Trump is responding to this as well. He just did an interview with, I believe, with Sean Hannity, and he, he talked about what he thinks of this 86 47 posterior cut, 14, the President of the United States.


He Knew exactly what that meant. A child knows what that meant. If you're the FBI director and you don't know what that meant, that meant assassination. And it says it loud and clear. Now, he wasn't very competent, but he was competent enough to know what that meant. And he did it for a reason. And he was hit so hard because people like me and they like what's happening with our country, our country's become respected again and all this, and he's calling for the assassination of the president. Obviously, he apologized and said He doesn't, he wasn't calling for violence. Look, he's a very bad, what Do you want see happen? What do you want see happen?


I don't want to take a position on it, because that's gonna be up to Pam and all of the great people. But I will say this, I think it's a terrible thing. And when you add his history to that, if he had a clean history, he doesn't, he's a dirty cop. He's a dirty cop. Yeah. And if he had a clean history, I could, I could understand if there was a leniency, but I'm gonna let them make that decision. Okay? So something interesting going on there. You're the president saying, look, that's up to Pam, that's Pam Bondy, the Attorney General of the United States. And lemme tell you something else I'm hearing this morning about this 86 47 post spoke to former FBI official.


A good person desperately wants to see that that bureau fixed is rooting on Cash Patel and Dan Bonino. I've got, I've got new video from Cash and Dan coming up, by the way, we're gonna get to that. I can't wait to to share that with you. And here's the take. Here's the read from FBI people about James Comey. Comey doesn't post that unless he thinks that accountability is not coming for him. Comey is a deeply arrogant figure to begin with, You know that. But Comey is not posting 86 47 to the internet unless he thinks that his crap don't stink unless he think there is no chance that anybody's coming to knock on his door, that there is gonna be no accountability for his behavior during the last decade.


That the people around him, the, the people that he conspired with are not gonna be held accountable. Right now, he's riding as if he's untouchable. That's the attitude of an untouchable person if they're posting 86 47 about the sitting president of the United States. So that's what Comey is thinking about all this. Now, what I'm hoping for, and I know what you're hoping for, is that he's completely wrong. That accountability is coming for a guy like Comey and anybody else like him who've abused their power inside of our government. And so this week we've, we've talked about a bunch of these Democrats, but just to put a finer point on it, If you're a member of Congress who assaulted a cop last weekend in Newark, New Jersey, you need to be handcuffed and held accountable.


If you're a tyrant who's abused the American people by going after pro-Lifers, going after Catholics, going after parents, his school board meetings, going after the President of the United States, going after the people who work in his campaign, sending SWAT teams to their homes, setting up boats in the water outside of Roger Stone's home, putting leg shackles on Peter Navarro at an airport, trying to disbar every attorney who just represented President Trump or anybody who would support him. If you're part of any of those things, accountability has to come for you. It has to come for you. That's the only way we right the ship. It's the only way. And so right now, Comey's attitude is one of, I'm untouchable.


You can't do anything to me. And here's my fervent plea to Pam Bondi in that Justice Department. Prove that jackass wrong. Prove him wrong. That's all I'm asking. That's what he deserves. Okay, I gotta thank our sponsors here, if I can even find it. Here we go. All right, here we go.


Yeah, actually. And, and I am taking Fatty 15 every day. I really like it. I like it a lot. It's, it is C 15. C 15 is the name of the product. It comes from Fatty 15. And it's the first essential fatty acid to be discovered in more than 90 years. That's pretty great. It's an incredible scientific breakthrough. It helps you support your long-term health and your wellness, And it helps with aging and longevity. Fatty 15, co-founder Dr. Stephanie Van Watson, discovered the benefits of C 15 while working with the US Navy to continually help improve the health and the welfare of aging dolphins of all things based on over a hundred different studies. We now know that C 15 actually helps strengthen our cells and can be a key longevity enhancing nutrient, which can help to slow biological aging at the cellular level. When our cells don't have enough C 15, they can become fragile and then they age faster. And when our cells age, our bodies age too. This eventually leads to, to the, has led to studies that found one of the first new nutritional deficiencies in 75 years called cellular fragility syndrome may actually be caused by a lack of essential fatty acid C 15. And it said that as many as one in three people worldwide may have low C 15 levels and cellular fragility syndrome. Take this C 15, it's awesome from fatty 15 i I am taking it every single day and I feel great taking it. Fatty 15 is on a mission to optimize your C 15 levels to help you live healthier and longer. You can get an additional 15% off of their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/ VINCE and using the code, VINCE, at checkout. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Yes, indeed. All right. All right. Let's, let's get into some of the other details today.


So we, we've got what's happening right now with, with with James Comey. And, but additionally I mentioned Jack Smith and how outta control that idiot was and how he accused President Trump of being guilty of breaking the law for inciting violence, which is, You know, the standard of the James Comey should be held to know. But the Jack Smith investigation, we have an update on that story. So for the, for those people who want to, You know, wanna take a look at what's the FBI doing about all of these crazy people who've committed this tyranny? We get another breadcrumb here that I think is worthwhile. The FBI, according to NBC news, and this is, I've, I've confirmed it, this is true.


The F FBI's Washington Field Office has shut down one of its so-called public corruption squads. One of them, now let me, let me emphasize something. They're not shutting down all of their public corruption squads. This is the, that's the stunt that the left is pulling on you today. The FBI has folded one of the public corruption squads that aided Jack Smith's Trump investigations. The FBI's Washington Field Office is folding its federal public corruption squad, the same unit that aided Jack Smith's special counsel investigation into President Trump. Three people familiar with the matter telling NBC news. The field office has three different units.


NBC finally tells you that work on public corruption issues. But this one known internally as CR 15 was deeply involved in what they call the Arctic Frost investigation. That was Jack Smith's ridiculous Donald Trump meddled in the election investigation. And FBI special agents that were assigned to that squad are being reassigned out. An FBI official said the change was a part of a broader reorganization at the Washington Field Office. And that there would be additional changes to come and that public corruption cases will indeed still be pursued. Interesting. So Stacey Young is quoted in this piece.


She's the executive director of a lefty group called Justice Connection. It's a, it's a horse crap lefty front group. This is yet another sign that it's open season for political corruption. No, it's not. You liar. The administration gutted the public integrity section, neutered the US Attorney's Office in DC and is now shuttering the FBI's preeminent federal public corruption squad. This isn't what voters had in mind when they heard Drain the swamp. I'm sorry. Yes, it is. What voters had in mind getting rid of these tyrants and these operators who have been in there politicizing the Justice Department. That's exactly what we voted for. Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Raley and Senator Ron Johnson have been scrutinizing the work of CR 15, the group that they just got rid of.


And they found this quote, our oversight has shown time and again, how the FBI's CR 15 unit was weaponized to execute one sided political attacks, particularly against President Trump and his allies. Grassley said, it's good news, it's been shut down after I expose the unit for its misconduct. Transparency brings accountability. The FBI must ensure all records are preserved as my investigations continue. Alright, so this is good news. This CR 15 operation shutting down. Well that's exactly what we want. And beyond that, again, prosecutions that's on you, Pam Bondi. We gotta start seeing those now.


Cash Patel and Dan Bonino, you want an update on these guys? I got an update on these guys. They are announcing. So, so this weekend they're doing, they just completed an interview, but it's gonna air in its entirety on Maria Bartiromo's show on Sunday. But this morning on her weekday show, she shared a, a small sample of these two. It's the first time we've seen them do an interview like this together. And Kira's cash revealing in cut 15 that they are doing what he promised he would do as FBI director, which is shut down the headquarters building. Take a look In the National Capital Region in the 50 mile radius around Washington DC There were 11,000 FBI employees.


That's like a third of the workforce. A third of the crime doesn't happen here. So we're taking 1500 of those folks and moving 'em out every state's getting a plus up. And I think when we do things like that, we inspire folks in America to become Intel analysts and agents and say, we wanna go work at the FBI 'cause we wanna go fight violent crime and we wanna get sent out into the country to do it. And that's what we're doing in the next 3, 6, 9 months. We're gonna do that hard. And You know, I didn't know that I was gonna do this, but I'm gonna announce it on your show Anyway. This FBI is leaving the Hoover building because this building is unsafe for our workforce. And we want the workforce, he just gave up a big nugget there. We want, but we want the American men, men and women to know if you're gonna come work at the Premier law enforcement agency in the world, we're gonna give you a building that's commensurate with that.


And that's not this place. I love it. I love it. It's, it's great news. So they're shutting that building down. Very good. And nice to see Dan there, huh? As he's slapping cash and go, man, you just gave up a big nugget there. Yes, he did. Really, really nice to hear. So there's a, there's a big promise. And so I'm looking forward to that interview this weekend. On Monday, I'm gonna bring you some of the highlights of, of that conversation between Cash, Dan and Maria, what we learned from it, because we've been learning a lot very rapidly in the last few weeks. So we'll, we'll have that for you coming up.


Gotta share some sponsors with the audience. Blackout Coffee Blackout. Good. Well, I love Blackout Coffee because I drink it literally every single day. Blackout Coffee is, has been great. It's it's great coffee because it's patriotic coffee and it's delicious coffee. It's, it's what I, again, drink all day long. The owner of Blackout Coffee is John and he is, he's wonderful. He's a great American. Actually met him down there at in Florida at Silver Lock Studios and he built blackout coffee from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh right here in the United States. Great stuff. And everybody at Silver Lock enjoys blackout coffee. You're gonna enjoy it too. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE and use the code VINCE, that's VINCE. And you'll get 20% off your first order. Whether you'll like Whole Bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, and you will get 20% off your first order.


Also, I've gotta share with you Mok, I'd love Mink to too. We've got great sponsors on this show. Really, it makes it so easy to tell you about them. Mok is a meat delivery company and they deliver the finest meats imaginable. The the first box of MOK that I received had the most delicious bacon I've tasted in my entire life. You know that something like, I think it's four companies. There's only four companies that control over 80% of the entire US meat industry. And guess what country is meddling in the meat industry of the United States. China, China owns the largest portion of US pork. It's wild. And these companies have been using tactics to try and crush American Family Farms. So it is possible to do something about this. You can support American Family Farms through Mok mok. The business is very simple. Mo's meat comes from animals that are raised outdoors. A pig is free to be a pig. These farmers are given an honest day's, pay for an honest day's work, and then they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices. You can actually afford born, raised, harvested, all right here in the United States of America. Mo I love, I love what they're doing for farmers and you can taste the difference. It's not a small difference either from these factory farming stuff. It is really, really quality meat. My family loves it. You can support American Family Farms. You can join the mink movement today@minkbox.com. That's mok box.com/ VINCE right now. And give free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free for a limited time, spelled M-O-I-N-K box.com/ VINCE. That's mok box.com/ VINCE. Alright. Alright, well, coming up, I, I wanna share with you more from the President's trip overseas.


We've got a lot to get to, but immediately we have to get to my next guest that's Joe Concha, who is the author of the book that's sitting right in front of him. The Greatest Comeback Ever. President Trump pulled off what people said was the impossible. Joe Concha. Great to see you, sir. Hey, see, how's it going man? It's Going really well. It's, it's going very, very well. And man, you're as busy as ever. You know, I, I wanna get, I'll get, I'll dive right into all the details of your book 'cause I love the topic and I also love all of your book titles. Your book titles are fantastic. But the, the media this week, how impressed are you by CNN's efforts to gaslight everyone into believing that they always knew that Joe Biden's brain didn't work, or at least they recently discovered it and they're horrified to find out people were lying to them.


Well, if I'm grading on scale of A to F, I'd say that Tapper and Thompson get an F minus because I keep looking at that clip over and over again. VINCE of tapper with Laura Trump. This is when Laura was on his show talking about Biden's cognitive decline. And in patent tapper, condescending, pious fashion, just completely lamb base her and says, you're making fun of his stutter. It's just a stutter. What about that little kid out there that has a stutter and now you're making fun of Joe Biden for his stutter? Yeah. And I'm thinking, well, wait a minute, does a stutter, VINCE, does that cause a person to talk to people that have been dead for years like Biden has claimed to do with world leaders?


Does that make you fall up the stairs on Air Force One, does that make you forget the names of your cabinet members? Does that make you take vacation during your presidency for 40% of the time? So it was apparent to everyone, and I don't need Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson and their White House sources and Kevin officials telling them that behind the scenes Biden really was deteriorating. No, in front of the scenes he was deteriorating. I mean, all we heard from Cream Jean Pare and Jen Psaki is that this guy was like a combination of Stephen Hawking meets Saquon Barkley, You know, mentally and physically. Yeah. Obviously that wasn't true because we all saw it. I mean, all they're doing is confirming what we saw for the past six years, quite frankly. You Remember when Joe Biden was at that, that event at the White House and he was thanking everyone who was involved in the passage of some legislation.


And among the congresswomen who had worked on the legislation was Congresswoman Jackie Walorski, who by that point had passed away not long prior. And in fact, Joe Biden's White House had released a statement in his name recognizing her passing. And then he gets up there and he says, where's Jackie? Where's Jackie? He's looking around the room, where's Jackie? And and from the media continued to cover up for him. It was Joe, it was North Korean. They just pretended like everything was fine. And now CNN is doing this whole rigamarole in order to profit off of it after the political consequences are long behind them and saying, man, I can't believe what we just discovered. Yeah. And that's why Tapper and and Thompson for this book had to hire a crisis PR expert.


I mean, for my book, I'm pretty sure I didn't have to do that 'cause it's all truth. But when you have to hire a PR expert in crisis management, that's a big problem. And the best part is this PR expert also handled distinguished clients like Jeffrey Dubin, who, who got the shaft from CNN, You know, buddy, lemme see those hands right where I can, You know, really see what's going on. And Carlos danger, otherwise known as Anthony Wiener. So yeah, th this person has dealt with crisis before. Yeah. And look, it's still gonna be a bestseller 'cause You know, bad publicity be better than no publicity, I suppose. But Tapper loses all integrity if he had any left by writing this book book, considering that he was part of the cabal that helped lead to the coverup.


So when he said this week that he looks back on his coverage with humility that, oh, I just didn't cover it enough. What do you think of that? I I think it's a CYA right? And it, Alex Thompson's just as bad for Axios because in his case, he wins this big award from the White House Correspondence Association. He's at the dinner, does a big speech, calls out the media. You should have covered this better. But then he also said, and this really bothered me, he says, You know, we can be duped by Republican or democratic presidential administrations. You know, this could happen to anybody. In other words, the whole Im implication is that the media, they were victims. They were victims of the White House telling him that, that Joe Biden was okay when obviously he wasn't.


And they believed the White House and they should have done better in digging. Again, you didn't have to dig from my basement here in Jersey, I'm the original Joe in his basement apparently. Or you, You know, from from Washington doing the show or daily call or what. All you do is turn in a TV and listen to Joe Biden speak outside of a teleprompter. And you saw he was a human Chernobyl right there, there just was no other way around it. So again, it's gonna do well the book, but at what cost in terms of these, these guys credibility. But maybe that doesn't matter anymore. Maybe it's doesn't matter of making a quick buck and since no one has credibility, they'll just fit right in. Well, that's the key, isn't it? So what's the future of that industry of, I mean, of the media industry, especially among sort of the, the establishment left-wing legacy press, because you follow these numbers.


C N's not improving in viewership. MS NBC's not improving in viewership. They're, they're hitting rock bottom. I'm not even, I'm not even really fundamentally sure what their business model is unless it's some sort of like loss leader for establishment talking points that really, I I don't, they don't even really have a big audience for this, Joe. They don't. Could you imagine, VINCE, if Kamala Harris and Goofy Tim Walls had won what the ratings would look like, they're only barely afloat. And you could say they're underwater, but they're not. Yeah. Completely drowning because of Donald Trump and, and just how he creates news every hour. We saw this Middle Eastern trip where, You know, that's probably the best two weeks that we've seen in terms of the Donald Trump's presidency this trip, and then all the numbers that have been coming in as far as tariff deals, inflation numbers going down, yeah.


On gas prices going down, unemployment where we're seeing more manufacturing jobs than government jobs. I could go on in terms of, of what Trump has done. Eggs, thank you. That's someone not a thing anymore. Pete Buttigieg not tweeting about that. So Trump is the only thing that's keeping him at. And again, to your point, CNN averages about 500,000 viewers in primetime. Now, let's put that in perspective. That means 10,000 people on average per state are watching CNN. That's not a lot when you're in a hundred million homes. Fox on the other hand, like shows like the five at five o'clock, two o'clock in the West coast getting nearly 5 million viewers. So yeah, we're, we're doing just fine. 'cause we actually have a news division and I think that's the problem with the CNN's, the MSNBC's, yeah, even New York Times, Washington Post, they say they have news divisions, but really it's all opinion disguised as news and then they try to present that as fact and no one believes them anymore.


And since they don't, people have left. Or the independent model like the Joe Rogans, like the VINCE Colon's, that that's the future, right? Where you don't need a big newsroom, you don't need the fax machine and the conference room to run a news organization or to have a show like yours. You just need a a, a decent production crew. A great production crew in, in your case. And, and the content basically writes itself with Donald Trump in office. So yeah, you could do this again, I'm joining you from home and I'll be on Fox Cider, which Jesse Waters from here in my own home. You wouldn't know the difference between me or being in New York. So that's the future independent media and folks going out and, and making their own case and their own money on their own For sure. Because it's, it goes back to the point you made before. It's about credibility.


It's like people measure whether or not they feel like they can trust the person they're listening to, and if they can't, they move on. Which, which makes a lot of sense. That's that. And you have options these days. So I wanna talk about the book Greatest Comeback Ever. How in, in your view, Joe, how improbable do you think President Trump's return to the Oval Office? Was, was it, was it, was it a sure thing? I mean obviously there's a big movement behind him, lots of people support him, but how improbable in your view, was this return? I'll, I'll I'll be totally transparent with your audience because they, they don't take any bullshit, right? Like it's, it's, this is something that, that that's what makes your audience so loyal and so great because again, we're, we're not gonna screw around here.


And I'll tell you in 2022, after Ron DeSantis won Florida by 18 points, I thought he was the future of the party. I thought that he bought all the Trump policies without the Trump baggage. And I thought much of the Trump baggage was unfair. Obviously those 94 felony charges had basically gone away because they were BS as well. Those civil cases were even a bigger joke like the e Jean Carroll rape allegations where she couldn't remember the year where it may have happened, but it happened in New York courtroom. So of course she, she got awarded there. But at what cost, once again. So all, all that said, when you think of the 94 felony charges, when you think about a hostile media towards Trump or he's never ever gonna get a fair shake, I thought that the future was DeSantis and then everything changed.


When I went down to Florida, Naples, Florida, I'll never forget this, I do a speech down there, about 300 people in the room, and I decided to do a straw poll. I'm like, lemme see how strong Trump support is after the DeSantis win. And I said, who wants Rhon DeSantis as their nominee in 2024? And about 10% of the audience raised their hand. When I asked if Donald Trump should be the nominee, 90% raised their hand. I'm like, oh boy, this movement isn't going anywhere. And that's when I changed my tune and said, Trump, You know what, he still has this people behind him. And Joe Biden's brains turned the applesauce as we speak. So yeah, that at that point I gave him a puncher chance. And then when I predicted that he would win the race in October, 2024 in Sean Hannity's TV show, I saw those polls from the Teamsters stent where against Joe Biden.


It was Biden by 10 over Trump. Okay, he's Mr. Union, whatever. Fine. Once they installed Kamala, it was Trump by 30 over Kamala rank and file Teamsters. I said, oh my God, if she's losing the union vote, losing the black vote Latino vote, I'll go on the record right now and say that he wins this and he wins it quite easily. And that's basically what happened. So yes, he did Chiefs to win the Super Bowl, but I had Trump winning the election. I'll take that trade. That's a good one. Yeah, I'll take that one too. So, so, but it's also a sign, what you just described is a sign that as in as inept as many Republicans are, that the Republican party is still more guided by the, the decisions of its own voters than Democrats are. So Republican voters guide the process of picking the nominee, whereas on the Democrat side, the voters really have no say.


That's the dirty little secret. They're not really allowed to pick. So if somebody becomes too popular, I heard you talking about this the other day actually. If somebody becomes too popular in that party and, and the establishment doesn't like them, they get rid of them, they get rid of 'em, they get rid of Bernie Sanders, they get rid of the field in order to clear it for Joe Biden, they, they put Kamala in that place. They rig it on behalf of Hillary Clinton. The whole thinking on the left is rig, rig, rig, rig rig. Because we don't trust our own voters to handle this. Amazing. Right? You mentioned 2016, everybody forgets those WikiLeaks email dumps showing that the DNC clearly was trying to get Bernie out and Hillary in, because they were petrified of having a Democratic socialist as their nominee. But he made it real close regardless.


2020. You mentioned as well, Joe Biden finished fourth in Iowa, fifth in New Hampshire, and then suddenly people decide to start dropping out. You're like, wait a minute, what's going on? And obviously Buttigieg drops out and then suddenly pothole Pete is transportation secretary. Wow. Go figure out how that happened. Right? And then Klobuchar, Elizabeth Warren, everybody drops out to make it Biden versus Bernie, which we know, know how that's gonna end up. Yeah. And Biden ends up being the nominee in the 2024 Soviet style instead of having a lightning primary and allowing Democrat voters to decide who their nominee is gonna be. They just installed Kamala because she had the money with her $350 million in the Biden Harris warship. Yes. That couldn't be transferred. And look what just happened like last week, VINCE, David Hogg, You know, the, the, the human broomstick that they made, number two at the DMC, even though he is 25 years old, and I guess he's provocative on social media and maybe that's good enough for this party.


They just ousted him. They said, I don't like what this kid's saying. So they cite Patric procedure that the vote didn't go right, now he's gone. So yeah, democracy dies in darkness. No, I think it's dying in broad daylight and it's because of Democrats, ironically enough. Okay. I just wanna make one last point on that subject, which is like, if Democrats are willing to rig their own primaries against Democrats, why wouldn't they do this in the general election against Republicans? I just want be able to dwell on that subject for a moment. Okay. Let me, let me ask you about July 13th of last year as a part of this greatest comeback ever. July 13th Butler, Pennsylvania, president Trump gets shot in the head. The world sees this. And regardless of what you think of President Trump, man, you have to be impressed by the way he stands up from that.


And you're looking at that going, I can't even believe what we are all witnessing right now. What role do you think that played in the electoral outcome? I think Joe Rogan said it best where he said, that's the moment I decided to endorse Donald Trump, because that was the most badass thing that I've ever seen. I think a lot of people probably thought that way. So when President Trump agreed for me to interview him, he gave me about 40 minutes, which, You know, was extraordinary given how, You know, busy his schedule is. And that was the first thing I wanted to talk to him about, VINCE. I said, all right, July 13th, I'm at Fox, I'm about to co-host a big weekend show. I'm in the green room, I, you hear the pop, pop pop, it looks like he got stung by a big bee swat at his head. And then he goes down and then for a minute, you don't know what's going on.


The secret service is on top of him. The crowd is in shock. And then you just expect if he's okay, that they'll keep his head down and just shove him into a car like it happened with Reagan in 1981. Right? And which is what you should do in those situations. 'cause there could be a second shooter, you don't know what's going on. You err in the side of caution. And Trump's thought process was, and I asked him, I said, Mr. President, you're on the ground. You know, you're hit, there's blood on your face. Why did you get up in that situation above your secret service where you could expose yourself to a second shooter? What, what were you thinking in that moment? He said, I was thinking of my son, my wife, and my family who were watching at home. And I knew it would look weak if I stayed down. And I wanted the country to know, and the world to know that this movement was not gonna be stopped.


That I was gonna be okay. And to fight, fight, fight. And to think that in that moment, that's extraordinary. 'cause I know myself, yeah, I would've said, get me on that stretcher and get me the hell outta here. But, and you, he Wasn't thinking that way. And you remind me that in that moment, Tucker Carlson relayed this 'cause he said he talked to the president about it, and he said that the president was obsessed with the status of the crowd during that moment. And he stands up and he sees them raises his fist. And the effect that that had was to calm the crowd and to prevent a stampede out of that, out of that location, which would've caused a lot more chaos than was already taking place. So I don there was a lot that was providential, I think about that day and amazing. And boy, it just, I, I agree with you.


I think it had a deep impact on the electorate, including people who were on the fence. It was suddenly at that moment they said, okay, I'm with this guy. I'm with this guy. Alright, so the greatest comeback ever, the book now available. We, we selling this thing. Oh yeah, we're a New York Times bestseller, which is a pleasure to say. I'll be honest with you. They screwed me on my first two books when we knew we had the numbers to be on there, but they didn't like the title because it was about Joe Biden's cognitive decline in 2022. Yeah, I beat him three years to the punch. So yeah, it's nice to be on there. The president endorsed it, not once, but twice, including once from Air Force One when he was watching the Big Weekend show, when I guess we were talking about it. So yeah, it's, it's been a fun ride down in Florida next week at Club 47, which is in West Palm Beach.


A thousand tickets sold just for little old me. So, yeah, I guess there's some interest in this book. So I'm loving it, man. You should write a book yourself, VINCE. I wanna see the Colin East Biles. I got it. I I'm just looking for the right ghost writer, Joe, someday I thank you very much, brother. Great to talk to you. Congrats on the book. Thank you, VINCE. Have a good weekend. As is Joe Concha the greatest comeback ever, which go, go pick it up. All right, thank you to Joe. So awesome. And hey, look, I, I've got, I wanna cover a little bit of the President's trip to the Middle East here. Are you guys not impressed by the reception that this guy received from all these different countries? I, I am loving some of the images here.


Now, of course, like the left is mocking him for this like, oh, what Trump needs to be sucked up to. No, I think America needs to be sucked up to, I like, I like watching this stuff. So here look here, here are, here's Air Force one approaching Saudi Arabia. Cut two, take a look at this. Getting a fighter jet escort from the Saudis. So country by country, they're doing this great presentation. So here are the jets. And then after that he lands in Saudi and then the, the beast, You know, the beast, the, the presidential limo, which they've gotta fly overseas too. It gets a camel escort in Saudi Arabia. Actually, no, that's Ahor, that's a horseback escort.


There's no camels there. I was, my, my label was off. There are camels in this sequence. There're somewhere in here, but not, not there. That, that's the, those are the horses. And then here we go. Cut, cut four. This is what it got, what happened in Qatar. So he leaves Saudi, he goes to Qatar, and here is Air Force one getting another fighter, jet escort. And apparently each country started adding more and more jets to the escort. And You know that when you have jets riding alongside of Air Force, one that takes an immense amount of trust on the part That's that the, that's the president Green lighting, yeah, yeah. Have their military jets come up with us. You don't normally get planes flying that closely to Air Force one, but that's how they welcome them to the country.


And then in cutter also, here are the camels cut five, the camels all, all standing welcoming the president of the United States as he comes in, these are great images. I love this. And then in cut six where we have in the UAE, he goes from cutter to the United Arab Emirates. Once again, a fighter jet escort each country welcoming the president this way, flying him in. And then here's another one, the United Arab Emirates. There's apparently some traditional hair waving exercise that goes on and look at all these women spinning their hair around. As President Trump comes in, this is one of my favorite images from the whole trip, and I love it.


He's just clapping. He's, he's looking along, he's like, man, isn't that cool? What are they doing? I have no idea. But they've got great hair though. They've got very impressive affair. So there's President Trump walking as the, the women shake their hair around Adam, which I think is a gesture of welcome. That's, that's, that's nice. So there you go. So President Trump does all that now he's coming back with quite a hall, actually. He was, he announced that they had a massive amount of money is now being invested in the United States of America. Now, the estimates are, are kind of a little bit all over the place because it really comes down to how much of this money's actually gonna come into the country.


But CNBC's reporting that we're looking at, at the vicinity of $3 trillion of investment here, talking about all of the things that, that, that took place on this trip. They point out that the numbers are historic. Qatar and the United States have agreed on a $1.2 trillion economic exchange. Saudi Arabia has promised to invest $600 billion in the United States, and major projects have been signed with the United Arab Emirates after Abu Dhabi in March, committed to a 10 year, $1.4 trillion investment framework. That's huge.


So 1.4 plus 1.2, that's 2.6 plus another 600 billion. That's 3.2. That's $3.2 trillion of economic activity that the president has just secured from his trip overseas with all of these countries. So that, that's massive. It's massive. One thing I wanna point out to you, look to this next paragraph is these countries are also making commitments to buying Boeing Jets massive amounts. Cutter wants to order 210 Boeing Jets. Now let me place that in context. President Trump has been talking about taking one Boeing jet potentially from Qatar one A four.


It's worth some $400 million, a beautiful jet that they'd like to turn into Air Force one. And so the President wouldn't take that for himself. He would take that for the use of the United States government. The left has tried to turn this into a big scandal. They hate this, that President Trump could achieve something like that. Meanwhile, cutter wants to buy 210 Boeing Jets from the United States of America. That is economic activity here in our country. I'll take that trade any day of the week. I'll take that trade literally any single day of the week. That's great news. Yeah. Oh, there's, oh, you, you don't, you don't want me to miss the Yeah, where is that?


Oh, you got the photo. Oh, oh my gosh. Look at that. The tallest building in the world. The Burge Khalifa lit up with an American flag in the United Arab Emirates. How cool is that? I've been, have you been thinking about this? But I'm wondering how they did it. I I, did they have LEDs up and down the side of the building, or the, or is that a projection? Somehow you'd have to have a heck of a projector to get that image all the way up there. That, that's one of the coolest things I've ever seen. You saw that image going around. The White House account shared it, and they, they love it. The Burge Khalifa, the tallest building in the world, just saluted America and President Trump in red, white, and blue.


That's, that's very impressive. That's super impressive. At any rate, that's what a what a cool trip. So the president on his way back now, something that didn't take place that I wanna bring to your attention is a meeting between Vladimir Putin and Vladimir Zelensky. Zelensky was hoping that that would occur in Turkey. President Trump has been talking to the press this week indicating that it may come to fruition if he is a part of it. It sounds like Vladimir Putin would like President Trump to be a part of it. So we may still yet see a meeting between all of these guys, which man, that would be an historic meeting if this thing comes to pass.


What did happen in Turkey apparently is some lower level Russian and Ukrainian officials met with each other. And so we'll see what happens there. But President Trump is trying to negotiate peace in, in both that region, Ru Russia, Ukraine, as well as what's going on in the Middle East with Gaza trying to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. What do you think this was, he's, he's meeting with these Arab countries, trying to get them all together. Allied, he took the sanctions off of Syria. The goal is to be a counterbalance to Iran to establish more economic activity with Syria. He's doing some amazing things, really amazing things. I saw some random CNN article that was like, oh, Trump, who always says he's America first.


This is an isolationist. He's working with countries. He's trying to get stuff done. What are you talking about? First of all, Trump never said he was an isolationist. Where do you, where do you get this stuff from? You just make stuff up. He's America first. He's working in America's interests and a quieter Middle East, a quieter global community. A more peaceful global community is good for the United States of America. And if he can get these countries to spend more money like the Middle East, dumping $3 trillion into our country. How is that not America first? You morons. It's good news. It's very good news what the president is up to. So happy about that.


And so, and I, and I have been pleased with this Trump president, so you can, you can quibble here and there. You, You know, look, I wanna see more people in handcuffs more quickly. No question. The people who break our laws, but boy, I'm happy with the president's efforts right now. Congress. I've got problems with them. We got problems with Congress right now, actually, speaking of Congress, you ever think Congress is asleep at the switch? You ever think about that? Well, take a look. Turns out they're literally asleep at the switch. No, Mr. Moore, Mr. What's this guy doing? This guy's sleeping. What? Mr. Moore, he's asleep. They gotta shake him awake.


Wake up. You have to do your job now. There he goes. There's another one. They're just sleeping. No sense of urgency. You've gotta go. If you, If you, If you can't stay awake on the job for Congress, I'm sorry, time to go, time to go. You can get, get some rest somewhere else. Just don't do it On our dime there. They're sleeping. So a couple members of Congress caught sleeping on camera today. It's a room full of cameras. There we go. And there's another one, Debbie Dingle taking a look at her eyelids. Yep. They're, they're all sleeping this week.


Really, really funny. Also, speaking of, well this guy's, he's not asleep, but man, he's got problems. Eric Swalwell can, let's, can we pull this up? Eric Swalwell wants to know. He says he's got a, he's got a great BS detector and he's got some thoughts on the MS 13 Guy Kil, Mara, rego Garcia. Take a look at this. And so I want to put to rest this question about Mr. Garcia in this photo that the president posted on April 21, Madam Secretary, you agree that the letters Ms and the number 13 in times Roman numeral font, that they are doctored on this photo, right?


Congressman Abrego Garcia? No, no, I'm just asking about this of MS 13. It wasn't based off of tattoos, it was based off an entire case. And I'll accept, I'll, I'll accept that your case against him for the purpose of this question. You agree though, that this is doctor, is that right? The same protocols that are applied madams To every, I want you to have credibility, law enforcement, and I want you to be taken seriously. Is this doctored or is it not? Madam Secretary, I have a 7-year-old, a six year and a 3-year-old. I have a bullshit detector. I'm just asking you, is this doctored or not doctored, Sir, The protocols in the case built against. Can you Answer the question? Were exactly the same. Madam Secretary, I don't have any knowledge as to that photo. You're pointing. I Love this. All right. If you don't, sir, That's enough. Sowell, you said swallow goes, You know, I've got all these kids.


We should look at that. By the way, we probably should said Child Protective Services over. I've got a great bullshit detector. Really? Really? Aren't you the person who got taken in by a Chinese honeypot called Fang Fang? Oh yeah. Your bullshit detectors lay high. Fang Fang played you like a sucker. Like and, and this thing, oh yeah. I can, I can instantly sniff out when something weird is going on. No, you can't. No. You've, you've proven that Fang Fang has demonstrated that. Yeah. You're, you're something else. Hey, this weekend we've got big updates coming. Dan Bonino, cash Patel, huge interview. We'll have all of the pieces of that.


We'll talk about that on Monday. The president of the United States is returning. He's got, he's, he's ready to go. You see him? He's already, he was posting this morning about Taylor Swift as he's flying back. He's hilarious and everything else going on in the world, we'll cover it all here on VINCE, join me on Monday for that live. 10:00 AM eastern rumble.com/ VINCE. I've got the National Radio Show today, 12 to three rumble.com/ VINCE or your favorite local radio station, and can't wait to see you again. We'll do it again Monday.