
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Yo, sorry about yesterday. Man. I feel super bad about the radio show. I know it was last minute. I'm sitting here. Gee and Michael are busting their asses. They're getting a radio show. There's like two minutes between the podcast and the radio show. Show's live, show's live, like, you know, here, here, look, here's me on the screen right now with the Rumble Thing live. I mean, do we need proof of life? I'm sure you guys believe me and all, but there's like two minutes. The show wraps at like 1158 or so, and there's the show, other show starts at noon. I mean, there's some commercials, but you better be up here by like 12 0 1, 12 0 2, you know, and my daughter, my youngest daughter, Amelia, who's, who's 13 now, a teenager.


I, I guess my, as my mother-in-law would say, I can barely, she got really sick. So I, I sure, I'm sure you folks in the chat, you guys get it. Maddox said, Dan the man. Thank you. I hope you all understand. My family comes first. We got a good podcast in, but I gotta go take care of my daughter. She got, she's better now. Just a lot of people came home from the inauguration with the inauguration Funk. Everybody got sick. Michael, did you hear Avita this morning? I don dunno If you know this, but Michael, can I share the spot trick you did. They had a, I'm okay. My, it's okay. Michael and Avita are like married, so I whole bunch. Michael had to run a spot because Avita was coughing so much. Like, let's go to a commercial. So it, everybody came home with a little bit of a funk.


I think my daughter wasn't even there. Probably caught it when I grabbed her and hugged her on the way back. I feel good. Big show today. Listen, I, I gotta share something with you. When Donald Trump won in 2016, my podcast was not nearly as big as it is now. And I wrote this article I used to write for conservative review and I wrote this piece. I wrote it in the airport on the way back from DC and it was a thank you. Now it was a half-hearted kind of sarcastic wise ass thank you because I wanted to thank all the people who helped Donald Trump get elected. I would like, If you guys are okay with that, to repeat that show again today after covering some breaking news in the beginning. And the first thank you is one.


And when I say thank you dreaded air quotes won Barack Obama. So did you sleep well? No, I'm, did I sleep well? I, it's crazy. Why? Why do you think I slept well? You took some, Maybe I took some beep Dream. Gee, always see Jasmine. We got Jasmine here today. Jasmine is our new business manager. We love Jasmine. She's amazing. She started yesterday. She's watching the show. So


gee does this little stunt when I talk too much? Where you gotta get to the spot? He asked me if I slept well. I did the Ultimate Sleep Refresh Beams Dream powder. Get up to 45%. Offer a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bun bonino. Use code bonino at checkout.


Today's show also brought to you by our good friends at Express vpn. You ever feel like you're being watched on the internet? Unfortunately you, you're not just being paranoid. Paranoid, right? You're not paranoid if it's actually happening. These internet service providers can see every single website you visit in the us. They're even allowed to sell your browsing history. You're the product you think you should be. You think it should be illegal? Well, I agree, but until laws can be changed, you need to protect yourself. The way I do it is Express VPN. It's an easy to use app that Crips and reroutes all my internet traffic through secure servers. 'cause I use Express VPN. My internet provider cannot see my browsing history Express VPN also hides my IP address. So greedy data brokers can't use it to build a profile on me and sell it off to marketers. My data is mine. That's it. I find Express VPN super easy to use. I'm not really that tech savvy. You just tap one button in your protected. That's simple. They have apps for every device. It's the number one rated VPN by cnet, the Verge, tons of other tech reviews. So If you wanna start taking your online privacy seriously, don't wait. Use my special link to get four extra months of express VPN for free@expressvpn.com slash bonino. Let's ex pss express vpn.com/bonino.


Let's knock that bell out kids folks in the chat by the way, do us a favor. We always like to do this. When we welcome an everybody say hello to Jasmine in the chat. Let's blow up the chat and melt it and show Chris the Bonino Army is strong. Jasmine is now a captain. She just got promoted from Lieutenant and the Bonino army. So everybody a big hello to Jasmine in the chat. Watch that thing. We'll tear it up. We do our best. Alright, there you go. I see you. There you go. Alright, so I wanna do this show big thank yous to all the people who got Donald Trump elected. I think some of 'em are gonna surprise you, but I gotta get to this first folks. Look at that. Show 'em the chat show. Oh my gosh, did we shut it down already? You guys are so badass.


45.6 per second post per second. That's crazy. Only we could do that. By the way, we are the most powerful live stream anywhere and I'm proud to be a part of the Bunch Army. Did you hear Trump on Hannity last night? Listen, I want you to know I am okay with this. I know there are a lot of swampy Republicans who feel like when we win we should show some courtesy or whatever to outgoing presidents on the Democrat side. But when they win, it's okay. When they weaponize government and they throw you in the freaking clink, I'm not for that. Folks, there is a way to stop this bullshit from happening. And the way to stop it from happening is very simple.


When they actually break the law, like I believe Joe Biden might have members of his family were engaged in legal proceedings about it, notably Hunter before the pardons. Then I believe there should be a full blown investigation. Why should, well Mercy, what are you stupid? This guy? There were, there were legal proceedings going on showing Biden being implicated in a major international corruption scheme. I'm sorry. The only way to stop weaponized government is to show them what happens when governments turned on them. The difference is we didn't commit any crimes than they did. Listen very closely to Trump's words. Here, listen, I'm all for this. I don't care what any of these swampy tell you. If he's ready to go after Biden, I'm all in.


Check this out. I went Through four years of hell by this scum that we had to deal with. I went through four years of hell. I spent millions of dollars in legal fees and I won. But I did it the hard way. It's really hard to say that they shouldn't have to go through it all. So it is very hard to say that Because they should have to go through it, folks. How else do you think the Democrats are going to what? Let me ask a simple question because a couple people from the media reached out yesterday. A guy was nice, so I'm gonna leave his name.


He wasn't like a really bad but from a left-leaning outlet, I'm considering talking to him. So, but it wasn't a, it wasn't mean or anything, but to the, I know you're watching my show. So to the left-leaning media people out here, what lesson do you think Joe Biden and the Biden crime family take from this? The sun was knee deep in without question would appears to be an international influence peddling scheme. If you think otherwise, you're too stupid to talk to and I really can't help you. The influence peddling scam campaign was designed to sell access to Joe Biden, who was a senator, the vice president and the president. That's clear. As day we leave office, Donald Trump gets charged with a fake fraud case with no actual victims. You got a lady up there lobbing charges at him.


Who goes on CNN with one of the wackiest interviews I've ever heard. You've got Judge Engel run people outta New York trying to take all his property and what we're supposed to ignore all this. What lesson does the left take out of it? The lesson the left takes outta this is simple. There are no consequences for us. We can do whatever the we want. And you idiots. We're in charge. We're gonna hit you guys and you'll do nothing in return. Folks, I'm not about wasting time. We got two years to fix this thing, but I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm glad Donald Trump is actually talking about this cutesy time is over and this is what cutesy time is over looks like. I wanted to make sure we got past inauguration day before I did this Thank you show.


'cause I honestly, I was afraid something crazy was gonna happen. We had all these problems with the Secret Service. I think we defeated them so soundly the resistance kind of had the wind pulled out their sails, but it's real. So I have a list of people to thank for Trump 2.0 coming up. But I wanna get to this first because some, some things are going on right now in the media that if you're not following this show, you're missing folks. My rockham sock and robots. I would show you the I folks, I broke it yesterday because well, you didn't actually, you could. They actually still work. You can stick 'em in there. But I was like, and I, Holy shit. Yeah, that was the, someone gave me a guitar, but I broke. That's the guitar over there. Someone sent me a Dan Bonino.


It's actually pretty cool. It's green though, which is a little weird. The Rockham Sock Robots Theory is working. They don't know what to do. They're trying to focus on this mass deportation operation because they love illegals and they're trying to show every single illegal immigrant that gets deported. Oh my gosh, look, they're crying and they can't because then they gotta move on to Pete Hegseth and then they gotta move on to Tulsi Gabbard. And then they gotta move on to the war against DEI, which is really DIE. They don't know what it's rock 'em soum robots. It's not the Trump dance, but it looks like it. It is working. But the media is trying to refocus now. And I want you to be cautious. Get ready. This is an important part of the show.


There are two things they really care about and you're, you'll see them if they have to sideline hegseth, tulsi tax cuts because they have to preserve the open border and they have to preserve their allegiance to DEI. Okay? It involves two things. Electoral advantage with demographic, destiny, bringing people into the country illegally. They've set it off. They can't have that stop. They'll never win an election again. You got it. And second, the reason they can't let DEI go is folks, a merit-based society is runs counter to everything communists and Collectivists believe in. They can't have merit because it would be an entrepreneurial free market capitalist system where people who work hard succeed.


That's not what communists believe. Am I wasting any time? Gee is say, from each according to their abilities, to each, according to their needs. They don't care about your merit. So they can't give this up. They have to detach you from any objective truth. There's no men, there's no women, there's no merit. There's no nothing. The government's gonna tell you. So this happened yesterday. First on the immigration front, if they don't have a legal immigration, they have no chance of winning any additional elections in the future nationally. And they know it. Here's Don Bash. This segment is a little long. It's about one 30. I try to clip him at a minute, but it's critical. You listen to the whole thing. It's Tom Holman, Don Bash from CNN pretends to be genuinely stunned that when they do these immigration raids, if they find you here illegally, that you'll be deported.


I is, is this woman dopey or is she just pretending to be dopey? Here's home and like, yeah, we're going after the bad guys, but If you are there illegally too, you are going too. And she's like, ha, I want you to watch her face because they are so offended. We're interrupting their demographic destiny timeline. Check this out. And So what is happening as we speak, is limited to those with criminal records. That's a target of this operation. But like I said, many times in places like sanctuary cities where we can't arrest a bad person in the jail, we would like to have access to the jail to arrest a criminal alien in the safety and security of a county jail, which is safer for the community, safer for the officers to safer for the alien. But when you release a public safety threat of a sanctuary jail and won't give us access to him, that means we gotta go to the neighborhood and find him and, and we will find him.


But when we find him, he may be with others, others that don't have a criminal conviction, but in the country, legally they will be arrested too, because we're not gonna strike. And this is a difference between the last administration and this administration. ICE is gonna enforce the immigration law. There's nothing in the INA, the Immigration Nationality Act says you gotta be convicted of a serious crime in order to be removed from this country. So there's, there's gonna be more collateral arrests in sanctuary cities because, because they forced us to go into the community and find and find the guy we're looking for. Let me just make sure that I understand what you're saying because at first you said that the first targets are those with criminal records. But you are also saying that those who are undocumented in the US also who don't have criminal records, people who are working in their communities, maybe even have spouses who are American citizens.


They could be swept up with ICE today as well. What I'm telling you is when we go find our priority tiger, which is a criminal alien, if he's with others in the United States illegally, we're gonna take enforcement action against him. We're going to force immigration law. Why does she need that? Explained to her twice. Is she unaware that we have an immigration process? That If you violate it, you've actually broken the law? The answer is, folks, she's not stupid. I wish I could tell you that it's easy. Oh, she's dumb. She's not dumb. She knows that she's pretending to be dumb because this is part of the Democrat's long-term demographic destiny plan. They are losing people from blue states, they're moving to red states. It's creating a real conundrum for them because the House of Representatives is based on state population as red state populations in Florida and Texas explode.


It gives Florida and Texas massive power in the House of Representatives. The Democrats may never win the house again. If the population continues to move to red states. The electoral college is also based, that votes for the President is also based on population. The number of electoral college votes you get is the House of Representatives members. You have plus two. You see what happens here? Two outta the three branches of government are almost entirely determined by illegal immigration. If they can't backfill the population of blue states, folks, it's not a conspiracy theory, man. They talk about it all the time. If you doubt me, pause the show and go look up Demographic Destiny. You can watch the video we played a thousand times if Democrats talking about it.


Here's Holman again, who's by the way, an amazing guy. I've known Tom Holman a long time. We're gonna try to get him on the radio show, Jim, if we could see if he's available sometime in the coming weeks. Here's Holman. Hitting hard and hitting fast. Donald Trump's been in office less than a few days. They already got 308 hardcore criminals outta the country. Now why is this important? Well, obviously Dan, it's important because they're hardcore criminals. Yeah, but that's not it. Folks, If you ever study criminology, and if you're in the chat, feel free to chime in right now. If you know this, If you studied criminal behavior, sociology, the overwhelming majority of serious crimes are committed by an increasingly small number of lunatics.


Maybe 1% of the population. I mean, how many serial murderers do you know? The answer is zero. And there's a good reason for it. You get the crazy people out of the country, you're gonna see the crime rate drop dramatically. Here's Holman hitting hard, hitting fast. They're getting the bad guys out of the country. Quick check this out. So if You're in the country, illegal ice can visit you. But right now, as we said repeatedly in the president, Trump's been clear, we're concentrating on the worst. First, the public safety threats. And that's security threats. And just yesterday, in the last 24 hours, ice arrested over 308, 308 serious criminals. Some of them were murders, some of them were rapists, some of them raped a child. Some were, were were a sexual assault of a child.


So ice is doing their job and they're prioritizing just as the president said they would. So the ice is performing excellent right now out in the field. I need you to do me a favor, Ladies and gentlemen, because unlike some radio hosts, not the good ones, the the VINs and the the excellent radio hosts out there, those guys are amazing. I'm asking you to double check my work because it only adds to the relationship you and I have. It makes me more credible. And it makes you kind of wanna tune in. 'cause you know the information is, is, is is good and is accurate. Look up what I just told you. The overwhelming majority of serious crime, I'm not talking about petty theft. Some not that. That's not serious. I'm not talking about serious crimes rapes, felony assaults, home invasions are committed by an extremely small number of people.


That's why broken windows policing works. You get 10 or 15 bad guys off the street. Those 10 or 15 bad guys were probably going to go on and commit 20 or 30 violent crimes before they got caught. You do the math, this stuff matters. And holman's taken no shit. Another thing I told you about, I want you to focus on these two things because they are distracted. Rockham, sock and robots is working, but they're going to need more. They're going to have to hit them with more. Because if there's two things the Democrats and the media apparatus cannot run away from, they cannot forfeit DEI because of the culture, war on objective values and they cannot forfeit illegal immigration.


It'll never win again. They will try their damnedest to make this the focus. It's up to the Trump team to every time they start to nail down a story, start to distract them with something else because they want illegal immigration. But the DEI stuff is important too. The meltdown continues folks. The gender ideology stuff, there's no difference between a man and a woman. There are 7,000 genders is so freaking stupid. Seriously. A child would understand how moronic this stuff is, but they can't give it up no matter how many times they're humiliated. You had a Supreme Court judge now, Kenji Brown Jackson humiliate herself in front of an international audience and ridiculously claimed to be an imbecile stating she does not know what a woman is.


It is an adult human female. Is this difficult? There's actual genetic evidence. Of course it isn't. They play dumb. I never ever put this guy on my platform because he's such an embarrassing, humiliating joke that to give this guy even five seconds, seconds, it, it really diminishes the show. But this piece is worth it. Have you ever heard of this dipshit, this Harry Sisson kid? He's like 12. He the guy's. Why people pay this guy? I have no idea. He's like, I guess a Democrat influencer. He goes on the P Morgan show and you'll see they don't care how dumb they look. They will stick to this DEI gender ideology bullshit no matter what.


Because once it goes away, everything in their culture war that people are gonna start asking questions about all the other culture war components. Components too. Watch this segment. Do you think there should be more than two genders in America? Yeah, I don't know what that executive order means. I don't know what the president declare. It means there are two genders, male and female. Would you disagree with that? How many genders are there, Harry? Come on little guys. How many genders are there? Again, these guys don't know what they're talking about so they won't be able. Harry, how Manys are Enforce? How many genders are there, Harry? How many genders are there? What's the le I'm gonna, I'm gonna use Joe Biden's answers at least two. At least two. That satisfies how Many more are than male or female? That's a TikTok answer. There's there's, there's a least two. Yeah, there's a least two. Well now hang on. There's male and female Is like human brainwash.


Donald Trump says there's male and female. There are two. Okay, How Many more are there after male and female? Harry, There's a least two now anyway. Lemme get back to one, which Is lease two. Many more. Are there, I mean, it's a pretty freaking simple question, isn't it folks? I want you put aside this stupidity for a sec. I know it's hard. I'm just asking you from a practical perspective. If you were a member of the United States government that's about to enact laws that are going to protect your fictitious genders, yet you can't even describe what they are, what they're called, or even how many they are. How the, are you gonna write a law?


I know. I gotta take a break. I wanna play this one more though before the break. This is soon to be the next leader of Canada. He's way up in the polls. Pierre Olier. Ask the exact same question of a media guy. You guys keep talking about all these genders you want legal protections for. What are they? It's like asking a legal protections for an endangered species. What's the species? Oh, I don't know. We're just making it up. Watch this First stay on the job. President Trump signed an executive order. You know, the US government only recognizing two genders, male, female, they're unchangeable. You know, if elected as prime minister, is that something that you're gonna kind of walk in line with?


Or what are your feelings on that executive order? Well, I, I don't know. Do you have any other genders that you'd like to name Me personally? I'm, I'm, yes. I'm just asking more. So if, if you're in line with what he is saying. Do, do you agree with what he's saying? Is that something that you would be lockstep with if elected this Prime Minister? Well, I, I don I'm not aware of any other genders than men and women. I mean, If you have any other that you want me to consider you c you're welcome to tell me right now. Well, there's, well, there's personally, I am a man. I am a as people who say cis man, that's there, there are people there who, you know, they say they're me too. I'm a man. Gender neutral.


You're a man. Yes. There are people there who say they're so gender neutral. Yeah, they say they're gender neutral. I, I'm aware of too. And as far as I'm concerned, we should have a government that just minds its own damn business and leaves people alone. I'm trying not to laugh. Trying to preserve any You want Legal protections for a specific gender class. You have no idea exists. You can't name what the gender class is. There is no perimeter around the fence of what you categorize as a gender class. But you want all these legal protections for this gender class.


I wake up every morning and I thank the Lord, my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I mean it. I don't use his name. I do. I thank him. I thank him every I wake up every morning. I say I'm Dan Bonino. I love Jesus. And Jesus loves me. And you know what? I use these affirmations every day and I thank him for seeing the light. I don't thank him for being a Republican. We screw stuff up too. I thank him for seeing the light. I mean it, I really do. Can you imagine being this stupid, being a media guy? Hey, you got another gender? No, no. I just heard there was something really. So you want me as a potential leader of Canada to draw up a massive piece of legislation about something you have no idea about whatsoever? Good job.


Quick break. We're back to the show. I, yes, I will. I know a lot of people in the chat are, are are asking me about the Secret service director spot. I kind of said my piece on it last week. Not a lot more to say, but I'll address it quick. And then I want my, don't miss the next segment. I've got some thank yous to get out there. And they're important. I think you're gonna like this. Been itching to do the show for a long time.


We've seen the headlines, cyber attacks on the grid, Jones in the sky. Violent attacks on everyday Americans. Here's the ugly truth. No lead or no system can protect you from anything. And if in a crisis, an emergency, you're waiting for the government to save you, you're gonna die. And I'm really sorry to tell you that everyone's gonna need food in an emergency. And panic buying only makes it worse. You're gonna show up. Your kids are gonna be like, dad, where's the food? I don't know. Don't do it. Get your family prepared. With My Patriot Supply. They have a four week emergency food kit that gives you the nutrition you need to stay strong in a crisis with 2000 calories a day and a hundred percent of your daily value of 12 essential vitamins and minerals. The kit helps keep you going whenever meal matters. Plus My Patriot Supply foods are packed in ultra durable, heavy duty pouches that can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Right now they're offering $50 off their four week food kit. So go to My Patriot Supply dot com now grab yours for $50 off. Don't put it off. Now's the time to prepare. That's My Patriot Supply dot com to get your four week food kit today, My Patriot Supply dot com. Thank you. My Patriot Supply. We appreciate it.


So I've got a ton of questions here, a lot in the chat. And you know, I really, I really appreciate it. People were asking me about the official appointment of Sean Curran, who is a friend of mine. I don't let that get in the way. I have an obligation to you. I've said that many times as the new Secret Service director. First, I obviously want to congratulate him. It would be kind of day class A to not do that. I hope he does a good job. And I think we all hope and pray. I hope we are praying to whatever God you pray to. And I think you know my saviors Jesus. But I hope that we give him the knowledge and the discernment to do the right thing to fix this broken agency.


Folks, there's a lot to fix. I let my feelings be known last week. Sean is a friend. He's a man of high character. He's a man with dignity. I was not sure last week, I'm not sure today it was the right pick for right now. But Ladies and gentlemen, that's not my business. I mean, it's my business. 'cause I love Donald Trump. I wanna protect him. But when I say not my business, I don't mean it in the global way. I mean in the kind of, you get what I'm saying. Donald Trump won the presidency. He's free to pick his own people. That job, as I said to you months ago, was not for me. But I would've liked to at least had some input into some stuff. They didn't want it. That's okay. It is. I know you say, people say okay, trying to sound like an it is, it's okay there.


Maybe they got, they may have gotten the same advice from someone else and they didn't need it. I need you guys to understand that. So I wish him the best. He's a good guy. I'm just not sure he's the right guy for right now. I think he would've been great as a deputy. And he gets some other kind of door kicker in there because there are two things I'm gonna be watching. And I don't care who the director is. It could be my father. If they don't happen, I'm gonna be on it like white on rice. They have got to get rid of investigations and they damn well better get rid of protecting foreign dignitaries. They're distracting them from the mission of keeping both President Trump and Vice President Vance alive. So that's all I'm gonna say on the matter. Nice guy. Really good guy.


We all wish him the best. My prayers candidly are with him that he can fix this thing and let's hope he does. But what matters folks, do emotions matter? Folks in the chat? What matters? Who gets it first? Do emotions matter? Oh, he is my buddy. Oh, we love it. What is that? What matters? What matters? Who gets it first? Who gets it first? Appreciate you Dan. Thank you. Thank you. Respectfully, Dan Facts. Oh, oh, who did it? Mindy Kins. Which I think you've beaten everyone to the punch a couple times. If I remember. Mindy Kins says, outcomes. That's all that matters. If Sean fixes his place, keeps Donald Trump alive, then he was a damn good pick. And we should all celebrate it. We should all give him the accolades he deserves.


End of story. There you go, Mindy Kins knocking it outta the park. Okay, so I told you I've been itching to do this show for a long time. You guys can probably go look up the piece, Anita, see if someone can find it. Conservative review. I used to write for them years ago, and it should be posted the day after Trump won the election in 2016. November of 2016. 'cause I remember writing it from the airport and I had this idea, I'm like, I have to thank a bunch of people. Thank like being sarcastic. And I thought it's the perfect time to do this again because Trump 2.0 does not happen without this group of idiots. So if we can find a piece, great. Let me take my last break and I'm gonna get back to this. And the first person we're gonna thank and I'm gonna bring you the receipts.


I get it. I'm saying this sarcastically, but I mean it. Trump two and 1.0 does not happen without Barack Obama. I am as serious as a heart attack. You'll see what I mean. Coming up next.


Hey, I've been using the bone charging infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask ever since they sent him to me. I can't recommend them enough. You know what's a nice little benefit is red light face. Man. It puts you to sleep. That red light. Woo. I first turned to the sauna blanket to help ease muscle recovery with detoxification. It's a real game changer for me and for everyone I recommend it to. It's easy to use. Just wrap yourself up. Let the infrared heat work its magic. I've seen a real difference in how relaxed and rejuvenated I feel afterwards. The red light face mask equally impressive. I've been using it to help improve my skin's texture, reduce inflammation. I've seen fantastic results. Hey, I'm not shy about it. It's like having a mini spa in your home. You wanna try 'em out? You're in luck. Paul actually just brought another one. Bone charge chump in the chat. Tell 'em we're not kidding. Paul just bought another one 'cause we broke the first one. Not their fault. Their fault. Head to bone charge.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products are really amazing. They're part of my life hack routine. I'm sure you're gonna love 'em too. Use Code Bonino at B-O-N-C-H-A, rge bone charge.com/bonino at saved 15%. These statements of products are not being evaluated by the FDA. They're not to diagnosed. Treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


And our last sponsor before the most important segment of show.


A lot of people ask me how I lost weight. I lost 30 pounds. I was getting a little gooey goo no good. Gooey gone. I don't like goo. So what did I do? I started lean, I called up my friend Miles at BrickHouse Nutrition. I said, miles, I don't, I I, I I don't wanna take these shots. I said, is there a product out there you and a doctors at Brick House can put together? He said, Dan, let me work on it. It took some time. And they put together the most amazing product for losing weight lean. It's impressive. It's natural. Steady ingredients. Studied target weight loss in similar ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar, helps control appetite and cravings, and helps you burn fat by converting fat energy. You got a New Year's resolution, wanna drop a few? Well bs get rid of the goo. He's like, that's not in the spot. It's my spot. If you're ready to lose weight in a smarter way, let me get you started with 20% off your first order. Just use Code Dan two zero at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Pick up lean today, BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan code Dan. 20 statements of products not been evaluat by the fda. They're not diagnosed, treat, cure, prevent any disease, not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Thank you. Lean back to the show.


Ladies and gentlemen, I would appreciate you sharing this segment If you can. A Triple Z guy, the MAGA Kitty insurrection bar, If you guys get around to it, I want to thank some of the losers who made the mistake of poking the bear. Who's the bear? Donald Trump, Of course, is the bear. I wanna thank Barack Obama. We don't have Trump 1.0 or 2.0 without him. You doubt me. I want you to watch this inside edition clip from a little kind of mini scandal that happened years ago when Barack Obama thought he was a real wise ass and a funny guy attacking at the time, civilian Donald Trump for going after Obama. And one thing Donald Trump doesn't like is you try to embarrass him.


Donald Trump's gonna make you pay. And oh he did. Check this out. Is this the moment Donald Trump decided to run for President Donald Trump is here tonight. The year was 2011. The place, the White House correspondence dinner. Trump and his wife Melania were guests at the glittering affair for the Washington Elite. It started pleasantly enough, Trump got a friendly greeting from actress Scarlett Johansen. But inside it was another story. President Obama started mocking Trump mercilessly mainly for the role Trump was playing in the birther movement that questioned whether Obama was really born in America.


No one is happier. No one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the Donald. And that's because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter. Like did we fake the moon landing? What really happened in Roswell? And where are Biggie and Tupac? Obama didn't hide his utter disdain for the reality TV star. Obviously we all know about your credentials and breadth of experience, for example.


No seriously. Just recently in an episode of Celebrity Apprentice, you, Mr. Trump recognized that the real problem was a lack of leadership. You fired Gary Busick and these are the kind of decisions that would keep me up at night. Everybody. Thank you. B, thank you Barack. No, no, I'm serious. Barack Obama thought he was a real smart ass. The media people like, eh, look at that stupid Donald Trump real estate up higher number one TV show manages a billion dollar portfolio.


What an idiot. I'd rather be Barack Obama, who was a last time I checked, what was this dropping in Michael? Shit, yes. It was like nothing. Oh, no, no, no. Come on. He was a computer organizer. What does that mean? I don't know. People just make it up. That means when you know, when you go in for a job interview and there's the missing period in your resume. First you worked in fast food and then you had something else. Well, why were you not working For three years I was organizing in the community. Do you have any witnesses? No, I don't. That was Barack Obama. So Barack Obama thought it'd be a good idea to poke the bear. Poke 'em. Don't poke Donald Trump folks, I'm gonna tell you right now, do not.


I'm warning you, media people and everyone else, you poke this guy. I promise you he will get the last laugh. You wanna talk about a guy who lives by the axiomatic language, alert axiomatic truth, fuck around and find out. You are now in the find out phase. By the way, you see those pens he was throwing out? This is the one he used in his first term to sign the, the build the wall thing. He gave it to me and my family. Sorry, that was like, look at me. I'm so cool. I I really, I I have no excuse. I shouldn't have. But it is true. It's my prize possession. I love this thing. It sits right there. I look at it every day. I know that was lame. I shouldn't have said that. It's like talking about your education. Jasmine doesn't know a lot of the golden rules yet.


Guys, what's the rule about talking about your education? If you're talking about your education and telling people your degrees, tell everyone in the chat. Tell Jasmine, you are probably an asshole, right? Nobody cares that you've got an MBA or nobody cares. Okay? So there's my first thank you Barack Obama. My second thank you in no particular order, even though it may look as much, is Joe Biden. Ladies and gentlemen, you may have forgotten this story, but it's an important one. We would not have Donald Trump being martyred by a weaponized justice system. And honestly, I'm not sure he runs again. I I, I can't prove a counterfactual.


Hold on. I'm explaining this poorly. Rewind the tape. I hate when I do that. I've got a job to get you the show precisely and succinctly. I'm honestly not sure after the 2016 assault on Donald Trump, the Collus hoax and all this stuff, that if they don't go after him using the justice system, that he just doesn't ride off into the sunset. I don't know. He could have made himself a billion dollars. He still had a lot of political capital. People loved him. He could have give speeches, he could have ran all his companies. But the fact that they turned the government against him, I think made him say, I'm not tolerating this shit. I'm gonna go in there and clean this mess up. But a lot of you forget that this whole thing started with Mike Flynn, general Mike Flynn, who don't, don't ever forget this general.


Mike Flynn was one of Donald Trump's first appointments in 2016 and the National Security Advisor, I want you to listen to this closely. General Flynn wrote a manifesto. Most people don't know this. Absolutely decimating the intelligence community for all of their failures saying you guys are not getting it right. We're gonna fix this. The intelligence community. Remember Chuck Schumer. Remember what he said to Rachel Mado. Jim, pull this for the radio show. He told Rachel Mado, don't go after the intelligence community. They'll get you six different ways from Sunday. The IC said, no way Mike Flynn is gonna be the National secure advisor. So they had to take him out. Here's the thing, I'll wrap it up. They had no way to take Mike Flynn out because he'd done nothing wrong.


So what happened? They made it up. They said, we're gonna charge him with the Logan Act. Something never successfully charged in American history. A basically made up crime because Mike Flynn, they said contacted the Russian ambassador, which is ridiculous. John Kerry went and visited Bashar aad. Whose idea was it to charge Mike Flynn with a made up, fabricated crime never successfully charged in the United States history? Put it up on the screen please. Daddio. Oh yes, one. Joseph r Biden. Joe Biden may have personally raised the idea to investigate Mike Flynn, a partially blacked out copy of FBI Agent. Agent Peter Strokes. Notes attached to the filing includes a mention that appears to say VP Logan Act.


Round of applause for Joe Biden. Thank you Joe, you and Barack. If it wasn't for you, we don't have Trump 2.0. I'm telling you we don't. He may have reevaluated his entire career choice, but because you dip, shits decided to go after him this way. You poked the bear and the bear bites and scratches and it hurts. Here's another thank you. This woman doesn't get enough gratitude from us, folks. And I'm really offended. I love you all in the chat. We got 138,000 people. Very nice. 139. Why are we not, I don't wanna condemn my chaster 'cause you're the P ones, but why are we not more gracious to a OC?


You guys have really let me down and ladies in the chat, you should be thanking everybody in the chat. Thank a OC. No, no, I'm serious. Thank A OC without a OC, the dumbest member of Congress and her communist nonsense trying to pull the radical left wing lunatics even farther to the left. Without that, there is no way the left gets as crazy as it does, which causes a counter-revolution on the right and leads to a massive landslide for Donald Trump. And that's what it was. Thank everybody. Thanking it. Thank you. Oh, who say, said it. Who's headed it? Thank but BP Sniper. Thanks. A OC. Yes. Everybody should thank a OC. Thank you and get in the chat. Thank a OC. She deserves it.


She, she deserves some gratitude. And A OC oh again is the dumbest member of Congress apparently. Can you put the BBC article up first? Apparently missed this story where Donald Trump just won a lawsuit for $15 million because they ridiculously called him a racist. You can see it. It's in the B, b, C and everywhere. Trump gets 15 million A, B, C, news defamation case calling Donald Trump a ra, a rapist. I promise you, you will find yourself in court and you will lose because it's made up and you can't do that. Okay? Of course, 'cause O C's too stupid. Here's a OC calling Donald Trump or implying at least that he's just that. Check this out.


All these journalists are like, Congresswoman, are you going to the inauguration? Congresswoman, are you going to the inauguration? Are you gonna the inauguration? Let me make myself clear. I don't celebrate rapists. So no, I'm not going to the inauguration tomorrow. Look, I'm well thank you guys. Chic. A-H-E-M-O. Thanks. A OC Sunny girl says, big sunny girl, 29. Big thanks. Good job. A OC Na city baby says, good job. A OC. You played yourself a OC. Big thank you. Yes, I'm serious. Thank her. There is no way the Democrat party becomes as dumb as it is without this idiot pulling to the left.


I'm assuming there's gonna be a lawsuit coming her way. She did not say it as far as I know on the house floor. So I doubt she has any legal protections. So good luck. I hope you got yourself a good attorney. You freaking moron. Another big thank you folks. I said in no particular order because I'm not sure that this guy isn't even more important than Obama. That's why I had a hard time. Like who's number one, who's number two? The answer is, I don't know. You guys decide Sters, you tell me what you think. This guy may be more important than Barack Obama to get Trump elected in Trump. 2.0 wait, anyone ever guess where I'm going with this? Adam Schiff short round says no close enough, but not Adam Schiff.


I'll see if anybody gets it. Schiffy a lot of shift. No, not Axel Rod. No Don dog. Chuck Sch. What's that? Give him A hint That Biden pardon Him. Oh, I'll give you a hint. I'll give you a little bit of a hint. Yeah, he just got a pardon this guy. I wanna see if anybody gets it. Who did? Who did put him up on the screen? Shout out to our chats. We gotta think Fitch Manderson did it. There we go. Who is it? Fitch. Manderson. Fitch. Munden. Fitch Munden. I'm just saying the names folks. There you go. But yes, yes. Anthony Fauci. Dr. Anthony V. If it wasn't for Fauci, I'm dead serious. I'm not sure Trump even runs again this guy.


There we go. Fitch fitter. Good man, brother or sister. I don't know If you, is that Lucy, my dog in the ever That right Jasmine, do you? Is that not Lucy? That's freaking Lucy Fitch. Have you been at my house? Do we know each other? Fitch? Is that like my, is that like some anon name for my, that is, that's my dog. I swear to you. That's Lucy Fitch. If that's not my dog, then you got a dog. That's like the doppelganger for my dog. Ladies and gentlemen, here is a Maze Moore video. We love Maze Moore, one of the best accounts on X to follow an amazing video account. M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E. Everybody in the Bonino army should be following. It puts in so much work to great videos. Here he is with a little compilation of fauci, less than a minute, changing his position on just about everything.


If it wasn't for this guy, I'm not sure we have this glorious inauguration day. Check this out. First of all, I didn't recommend locking anything down and the record will show Neil that we didn't recommend shutting everything down. I recommended to the president that we shut the country down and that was very difficult decision because I knew it would have serious economic consequences, which it did. So, gee just brought up a good point. Not only do we have to, everybody in the chat, thank Fauci. Come on, get in there. You can't just thank a OC Thank Fauci Dr. Fauci. But gee just brought up a good point. There's no question in my mind, the election doesn't turn out. I don't think, I mean, Trump probably would've won, but does he win in the landslide without these idiots?


The answer is, I'm not really sure. But he's like, Dan, you know what? We really owe him a debt of gratitude too, because this guy has been an absolute cornucopia of content for the last, what, four years. I mean, if, if there's one guy outside of Mr. Potatohead, Brian Stelter, who is fed this show, an endless list of content we can mock and laugh at I, I don't know who else wins. So gee's, right? Not just for Donald Trump, but for us. Everybody thanking him. Follow me. Thank you. Speak the truth McGrain pin that, follow me. He is Warren. Speak the truth. But getting involved here too a lot. We got these groin crew, you're always all over it. Okay, I've got a couple more for you. One person, again, who deserves some special accolades from the legal side.


We've got a doctor, we've got a vice president, got a president, we've got a member of Congress. Shame on us if we don't enter the legal profession and start to pull people out of the DOJ folks. If deranged, Jack Smith, Jack Smith, Of course, the special tyrant investigating Donald Trump for a fake crime. He made up for a fake in insurrection. If Jack Smith does not drop another L, which he did. Remember this guy's lost at the Supreme Court. More than most qualified lawyers will ever see the Supreme Court in their lifetime. If Jack Smith doesn't do what he did prosecuting Donald Trump, I'm not sure. Again, we win in the exact dynamic we won with. Here's an M-S-N-B-C segment quickly where we note Jack Smith was not given a pardon.


So just kind of to parlay back to the beginning of the show, I have no problem with Donald Trump investigating Jack Smith either, and you shouldn't either. But Jack Smith doesn't have a pardon, but you deserve a lot of thanks to. Thanks Jack Smith in the chat. Check this out and Of clemency. I hope that President Biden will also issue preemptive pardons to all of those people threatened by the unjust of what will become the Department of Justice in the Trump administration. That Of course includes Jack Smith and all of his staff, many Department of Justice lawyers. It includes President Biden himself. Ted said, no pardon for Jack. Does everybody feel bad for Jack? No. Pardon?


Is there like a tear emoji? Everybody cry a little bit. Jack Smith, we feel so bad for you, brother. No, pardon? You may have to answer questions now. Gosh, that's so terrible. So terrible folks. I mean, think about it. Jack Smith may actually have to go pay lawyers. The government may be used against him to investigate his potential missing malfies. Oh my gosh. The same thing that happened to Donald Trump. It's so, it's so awful. I feel so bad. Don't you? Don't you feel terrible? Jasmine feels awful. She's sitting over there like, I can't even work here. I feel so bad. She's depressed. She doesn't even know what to do. She's like, this is the worst thing ever. He's like, he's pretty funny. But you don't hear the commentary, by the way, when the clips are playing.


He's like, you just pulled this segment outta your ass, didn't you? I did not. I swear, I've been thinking about this segment. I'm not kidding. For the longest time, I just had to wait till the inauguration happened. 'cause I was deathly afraid I would jinx it. I know I'm a little superstitious. I know I believe in Jesus. Therefore, superstitious is kinda stupid. Jesus has a plan, but I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna jinx it. Okay? That's why I got a couple more thank yous. This one's pretty quick. Folks. Where would we be without Alejandro? My orcas, obviously Biden was the one making the rules. My orcas is turning on him. But this four seconds of audio, gee, can you actually play this twice? 'cause I just don't want anyone to, it's only four seconds. If it's not for this. Four seconds of audio from Al my orcas, our DHS secretary about the border, where people realize like, wow, these people are really full of shit.


I'm not sure the election looks the same way it did. Watch this. Wanna be very clear, our borders are not open. Wanna be very clear? Our borders are not open. Wanna be very clear? Our borders border are not open. The trifecta never hurts. People think it. I Wanna be very clear. Okay? Okay. Now they're just taking advantage. Our borders are not open, not open, not open, are not open, are not open, are not open. You ever see back in the day scratching the one and twos the turntables like Pete, nice. Remember Pete? Nice. My name is, Without that ridiculous, the blood should not open.


When we had freaking drones sitting there watching millions of people cross the border every month, I, I honestly, I think it's the first time the norm. He's out there. Were like, holy shit on Gino's. Not crazy. These guys really are nuts. I wanna be clear. The border is closed. It's not open. We're watching it, dude. We're watching it right here. There are people climbing through your windows like there's nobody in my house. They're climbing through the window right now. Thank you, Al, my or thank you without you we're just not here. So we got Obama, we got Biden, a OC, Dr. Anthony Fauci, tyrant, Jack Smith, Alma, or I got two more for you. This one's a little more generic. We're spend a lot of time on it. I love economics.


Some of you hate it. Don't hate it. It's a great thing. There's a modern, there's a theory out there of economics that's so stupid. It's up there with Alma Orus saying the borders closed. It's called Modern monetary theory. MMT, you can look it up. I'm not gonna explain the whole thing because it's stupid. The idea behind modern monetary theory, which God and Biden and the Democrats had is it doesn't matter how much money the government spends. 'cause it can print more. Now, if you're sitting there, you're like, but if it prints more, it's gonna be more money chasing the same products and it's gonna be inflation. Yes, But a bunch of PSDA PhD loser assholes tried to convince and coax the American people that printing money endlessly was the way to go. If it wasn't for these losers, then I'm honestly not sure we win the election the way we did.


We may have lost the Senate. Here's an article in the Hill. No friend to conservatives, by the way The Hill read it. It's in the newsletter today. A bonino.com/newsletter Did modern monetary theory elect Donald Trump? They note it's a fringe school of economics. It basically says the government can issue limitless amounts of money. Folks, there were actually people with a PhD who thought you could just print money and nothing would happen. I mean, think about how stupid that is. If that were the case, correct, why wouldn't you tell everyone in America to just go get an intaglio printer and forget working. Just print your own money. It's a source of wealth. Money doesn't grow on trees, money doesn't grow on trees.


It grows in the United States. Federal government, when you listen to assholes who discuss modern monetary theory, thank you, modern monetary theorists, and I would say again up there with Barack Obama, our last one, but I'm not gonna, I, I'm not sure how much credit she deserves. We can't, and we, you know, we can't do a segment without, Of course thanking the great, the legend. Thank her. Right now in the chat, this will be the last thank you. But I want this chat on the record forever. I want you all on the record thanking Kamala Harris. As we see in the telegraph from running potentially the worst presidential campaign in modern American history.


Again, this is The Telegraph. No friend to conservatives, Kamala Harris ran the worst presidential campaign in modern American history. Whether it was her failure to answer a question, whether it was her stupid idea to not go on Joe Rogan. Hey guys, do we do a lot of podcasts? Do we do a lot of interviews? Couple but not a lot. Correct? What do we do? Gee, you've been here the longest. Which ones do we do? We'll do Megan. We'll do Ben Shapiro Once in a blue moon. We don't do a lot of podcasts. It's just because I have a kid at home. We don't have a lot of time and my family comes first. What do you guys, if Joe Rogan had asked us to come on, do we go on the show? Hell yeah, we go on the show.


He's only the biggest podcaster in the cosmos. Kamala Harris's team was like, do we go on Joe Rogan show? Eh, I am not so sure there were a thousand stupid things they did. But thank you for surrounding yourself with some morons and running the worst presidential campaign in my, there I did not ask for this, but she's a great dancer. Look at, look at the cringey looking look in her face when she realizes she looks like an idiot. You know when they laugh at himself, look at here she is. He loves this clip by the way. He plays it all the time. I still don't understand your obsession with this ridiculous quote. That was her announcement of her presidential campaign the first time when she got how many votes for president?


That's right. Zero. A big goose egg. Thank you Kamala Harris. Alright, I got a couple other things I want to talk about. Please don't go anywhere. It's important stuff. Did you guys, folks in the chat, did you guys like that segment or was it stupid? Because the show is for you. If a segment is dumb, I'll never repeat it again. I swear like the show is for you guys. I mean it from the bottom of my heart. I've been wanting to do that for a long time. Did you like it? Lemme see folks in the chat. If you didn't like it, let me know. Lady Hawk. Absolutely. 100%. Okay, thank you guys. I appreciate it. I, I really We had to do that. Yes. Okay, cool. You guys are the best. Okay, back to serious news 'cause we still got some time with you here and I will be doing the radio show today.


My daughter's okay, so don't sweat that folks. Donald Trump is not screwing around with the Russians. There is a theory of international geopolitics out there. It's called the Crazy Man Theory. The madman theory. You can look it up. I've described it before. It very simply states that when international leaders with allot at stake, IE like nuclear war, when they can't predict the actions of the other side, that they'll generally withhold crossing red lines. I'll give you an example to kind of make it real. One of the reasons for as tyrannical and disgusting and evil as Kim Jong-Un is and Kim Jong-il and their predecessor Kim El song, all of them, one of the reasons despite this tiny impoverished country people don't just invade North Korea is because Kim Jong-il is so freaking crazy that they're legit afraid he's gonna launch a nuclear weapon.


It's called the Madman Theory of politics. It's not meant to be an insult. Well, with Kim Jong-il, I don't care If you insult me a scumbag, but folks, people cannot predict Donald Trump. So he sends this out on true social last night about Russia. He's like, Hey bro, listen Vladimir, you better get this ridiculous war over it all caps. It's only gonna get worse if we don't make a a deal soon. I have no choice but to put together tariffs, sanctions, and taxes on anything being sold in Russia in the United States. Ladies and gentlemen, he is not kidding, I promise you and Vladimir Putin, If you think this guy is predictable and you think he won't make your life painful, you are outta your mind.


I'm not here to give the Russians freaking advice. I share nothing in common with him. But I am here to protect the United States. And If you want this shit to end and you guys don't want to be thrown outta office, Putin, I suggest you listen to him on a lighter note, folks, Democrats like a OC and others are obviously not that bright. I mean, why would you be a Democrat or a liberal in the first place? But one of the things you expect from liberals, wouldn't you say guys, is at least the ability to spell basic words. Does anybody know how to spell the word eagle? Anyone? Anyone in the chat? It's a very complicated word. It's kind of like decussation of the pyramids or something like that. Like it's a really difficult thing to kind of spell out, right?


Some people screw up spelling Massachusetts here Is the mayor of Philadelphia very happy about the football team. Did you guys see this? This is not ai. She's the mayor of Philadelphia. Listen to her. Get the Eagles chant going and listen to her precise spelling of Eagle. Or in her case, I-E-G-S-E-S Eagles. Let's go Birds An early candidate for the end of the year. Oh dude. Alright guys in the chat, folks in the chat ge saying this is an early candidate, but you know, the end of the year we put together our top 10, top 15 of the year.


You guys think that should be considered If you do, we'll segregate it into our end of the year potential candidates. Tell me in the chat. Yes you do. No you don't. 'cause I I agree. This is the Democrats. How do you f up Eagle? ELG? What, what, what? Wait, I, hold on a second. Didn't digest that. Another candidate. Wait. Oh, you want two in one show? Now he's getting outta control when they come. You do. You gotta, this is another one. Okay. So yeah, a lot of you're saying yes. Okay, well consider it. I would never, ever, ever ask you for two in the same show, but gee is correct.


Well, you can't time these things. They're random. Tim Burett, who is one of the best congressmen out there 'cause of his outcomes, I love this guy. He's a congressman in Tennessee. He's on CNN with career bullshit. Or Jim Acosta who's back to be in the lose. He was in the first term and Acosta goes after Che, but Che gets the last word and this is just priceless. Check this out. It's covered on C Nnn. What you're saying this is, this is not Fox congressman. You can't just spin a tail and pull the wool over people's eyes. Yeah, this is CNN. This is the news. We are Asking's. Why? Come on and tell the truth left Isn. That's why more people are watching the Cartoon Network. SpongeBob reruns right now.


Jim, The verdict is in Jim Cusa just got his ass handed to him. Is this a maze more clip too? This, this is the next one. Is this another maze, more clip in case you forget. Here is Jim Acosta. You wanna talk about a guy? I mean like the monarch of hoaxes. Here he is repeating every single Donald Trump hoax during the first term. And he said, but has never apologized as far as I know for any of this. He's like, they said Fox News, check this out. This is not Fox. Congressman can't, you can't just spin a tail and pull the wool up around people's eyes.


Yeah, this is CNN. This is the news we are asking on and tell the truth. It's an alarming choice for a man who has often struggled to unequivocally denounce white supremacists who recall these moments. But you also had people that were very fine people on both sides. Those Words, those words have power, they have meaning. And when Donald Trump speaks, the world listens. neo-Nazis and white supremacists certainly listen. So why can't he denounce them? Why can't he reject their support? And you Had people, and I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists because they should be condemned. Totally. What's your response to Donald Trump saying she should be fired?


That Liz Cheney should be fired upon? He keeps speaking in these very extreme terms about the potential dangers to the country. If he doesn't win in November, he's used words like bloodbath And CNN's doing great because of people like Acosta. Wait, Michael says there's an is a business update on on CNNC. N-B-C-C-N-N to lay off hundreds of employees is post inauguration transformation begins Source that says who the fuck's news. By the way, thank you to my friend Reed Harris from the UFC. He's watching the show live. He says, he sent me a picture of a karate man on my phone. He sent me another picture of me and Trump at the U fc. Thank you Reid. So much so in honor. Reed Harris, he loves Jasmine.


Doesn't know karate man yet, but Ladies and gentlemen is Dan Bartos favorite thing to do, karate man. Sometimes they throw in the leg when I'm really in a mood for those of you don't know the various iterations of the karate man, I go sidekick two, sometimes I pull an adductor muscle in the hip in the process, but re for you because the karate man is here. And when I whip out karate man, you know someone in the left is on trouble. So Reed, that was for you. Thank you for taking care of us at the U ffc and thank you for the awesome venom clothes, by the way. Sent me a whole boatload of venom clothes. So venom makes him cool. So gimme this white hoodie. He's like, will you just stay on topic? I can't folks, it's this serious. I have like serious clinical like a DHD Jasmine's like this was too much.


I'm here the first day she, if she quits tomorrow, I just want you to know it was great having her. We loved you. It was fantastic. Thanks for working here. I gotta go 'cause I gotta do the radio show and watch this crappy makeup off my face, which I hate. Please, I'm begging you, begging you on Bended Knee for this. Please go to rumble.com/bonino or download the Rumble app. It is absolutely free. And please click the follow button. We are dying to get the 4 million subscribers by the end of this year. We're at about 3.5 now, and If you have the time, go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify, follow The Dan Bongino Show there. Love you guys. Thanks for hanging with me through all this. I hope you like the show today. See you back here tomorrow at 11 and on the radio show here in Rumble in a little bit.


See you then. You just heard The Dan Bonino show.