
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, I pride myself in this show of telling you things. I promise you, you're probably not going to hear elsewhere. Political analysis is so kind of rot like everybody steals and repeats each other's talking points 'cause we're all talking about the same stories. But I really like to give you angles that you're not going to hear anywhere else. And what are the angles I constantly take that I haven't heard anyone else? You're welcome to take it. It's, I certainly don't own it, but is what are the most destructive political narratives in the world?


Anyone in the chat? Yes. Political narratives and stories that change your preexisting notion of who a candidate is. Okay. The reason Donald Trump can get away with speaking off the cuff is because that's what they associate him with. Speaking off the cuff and being not PC Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are running a joy campaign. Joy. Joy ran and dippy. Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy, right? They're running a joy campaign. And Joe Biden last night steps on his own crank and gets caught on video saying one of the dumbest things you have ever heard. Just a few days before an election.


Oh boy. Thank Joe Biden again.


Bonino Listeners, get access to Beams Black Friday sale before anyone else. Get a good night's sleep. Enjoy if they weren 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


Big show. I got the video. I, of course, however much you hate the mainstream media. I assure you it's not enough. What did they do? They're trying to cover this thing up again. It's why everybody's laughing at these morons in the media and why I went nuclear on 'em yesterday.


Hey, big tech companies try to tell you everything that is changing your settings and turning off. App tracking is all you need to do to protect your privacy. Just change your settings, right? Turn off. No, no, we're not supposed to. Don't believe that. You believe the big bad tech wolf is. Now turn into sweet grandma. Come on. Here's the truth. Big tech, they just can't stop themselves from looking at what you do online because it's worth money to them. A lot of it. To protect myself against prying eyes, I use Express VPN. When you use Express VPN on your computer or phone, you're hiding your unique IP address. Websites can't use that address to find out your relocation or track what you do online. Express VPN also encrypts and reroutes 100% of your online activity. So your internet provider, your wifi administrator and hackers can't see it. It's easy to use. Just takes one click to protect all your devices. That's why ExpressVPN is rated number one by cnet, wired, TechRadar and countless others, including Dan Bonino. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get an extra three months free on a one year package. That's express X-R-E-S-S ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino to learn more.


Alright fellas, let's go folks. Listen, I may be garbage or whatever. Joe Biden calls me. Maybe I am, maybe I'm not don, don't know, but I'll tell you what, at least I ain't a freaking commie. I'm proud of that. Joe Biden stepped on his crank and Kamala Harris's political campaign last night. In a way I have not seen in modern history. I have told you over and over these are the two dumbest candidates to ever run for office. Did I not tell you? They have zero political instincts. They are sociopaths and Joe Biden. What have I said to you over and over and over again is the smartest person in the room. Just ask him. He's obviously the dumbest, but he doesn't know. He is the dumbest Joe.


Biden thinks he's smarter than he really is. So instead of just shutting his freaking stupid pie hole, what does he go out and do? He goes out and speaks the truth about how both him and Kamala Harris feel about you. Here is Joe Biden calling all of you voting for Donald Trump garbage. Check this out. Or Puerto Rico where I've in my home state of Delaware, they're good, decent, honorable people. The only garbage I see floating out there is just supporters. His his, his demonization scene is unconscionable and it's un-American. Folks in the chat, Justin brought up a good point. I disagree with 'em, but it's not an invalid question. Justin said.


Dan, do you think this is intentional? 'cause they do hate each other. Listen to me, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden hate each other, period. don don't have time to explain. Trust me, from the highest of sources. They hate each other. Now don don't think so. They do hate each other. But I'm telling you, Joe Biden is an idiot. He is as dumb as Kamala Harris. He cannot shut up. He thinks he is this transformative FDR like figure. He believes whenever he opens his mouth, the throngs and the masses get the palm Frons and wanna wave them down. He is a moron. He cannot shut up. Now listen to my golden rules of politics. You listening, write this one down. Grab a pen. It's important contrast, snapshot soundbite, snap snapshot soundbite.


I do that all the time. Snap shots and soundbites. This was bad because It was a soundbite making it worse is that the media has just told us for now what? Four days that a joke by a comedian who doesn't even know Donald Trump, who is an insult comic about garbage is the most important life altering decision you should make to vote for the Democrat. Now you've got the Democrat party leader, Joe Biden speaking straight into the camera, not making a joke. He's not an insult comic. He's the president calling half of the country garbage. While Kamala Harris is saying her campaign is all about joy and Joe Biden was supposed to be the moderating guy against Donald Trump's harsh evil rhetoric.


Harsh evil rhetoric. You're the ones calling half the country garbage. That's why what happened last night is so freaking destructive, folks. Is it gonna decide the election? I don't know. Is it gonna change some votes? I think so. It has a potential to, is it gonna get some people out to vote who may not have maybe? Did Joe Biden screw up? Yes, in a normal world, should one verbal thing, one verbal faux pa aside an election Either way, no. But that's not the normal world we live in. We live in a world, correct folks in the chat, correct? Yes or no. The media just told us what guys three, four days Now did they not tell us that a joke by an insult comic, but who doesn't even know?


Trump? Trump? You should vote on that, especially if it's about alluding to garbage. And now the president looks right in the camera and they're telling us this Q up NBC. Next I miss NBC. Here's M, Ms, NBC. However much you hate the filth, garbage, disgusting commie, pravda, filth bag media. It is not enough. They have the right to speak out. I don't deny it. They also have the right to be assholes and they will take it every time. This is why everyone on planet Earth with a functioning brain hates the media. Here's the media just told you how bad it is. Don't you dare make a joke about garbage. Just call people garbage and he watch this asshole on M-S-N-B-C.


Blame it on Republicans. Pouncing. Hilarious. Hilarious. This is why we laugh at these idiots. Watch this. And What he said was, and I'll just read a little bit here from the transcript, he just says that, you know, I know Puerto Ricans from my home state of Delaware. They're good, decent, honorable people. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His de de demonization of Latinos is unconscionable and un-American. Now, some on the right have seized that comment to mean his supporters, meaning Donald Trump's supporters. Meaning all Trump supporters have the country saying the president is calling them garbage. The White House is saying, no, no, there's an apostrophe there. He's talking about his supporter, meaning the comedian.


There's an apostrophe there. I love how they just add that. Folks, I've listened to this clip at least five or six times, maybe more. He was referring to you. So I just want you to, you wanna know why the media is absolute shit and why only 30% of the country actually believes him, meaning seven in 10 are like this. They can't stand these losers in the media. Do you wanna know why seven outta 10 people think you suck? And the media suck? Nobody takes you seriously. You're a clown. Show the numbers are the numbers. Everybody's laughing at you idiots because you spent three days hyperventilating about a joke Trump didn't say from a guy he doesn't even know.


And yet you completely ignore and blame Republicans for pouncing on what Biden actually said to a camera, and we're supposed to take you seriously. Folks, please, in the name of everything that's holy, will you please get out and vote? Some early voting places are still open, some are not. Folks, please, I am begging you. I'm gonna tell you in a second why do not get cocky. I am hearing way too much red wave stuff and it is super destructive. You have a chance to rebuke and flip the middle finger to these idiots in what is gonna be the single most life-changing decision you ever made.


If you're not voting, I can't have you back on the show. This show is not for people who don't take the country seriously. It's not, you're not gonna like it. Anyway, Shellenberger notes, by the way that you know, the Presidential Record Act prohibits altering official transcripts, which is what the White House did. I mean asking the White House to actually obey the law. It's kind of hilarious considering they're trying to prosecute President Trump on a fake Presidential Records Act violation. They named, he says the alteration makes no sense. The White House is now claiming Biden was referring to the racism of Trump's supporters, but the transcript refers to his supporters with an apostrophe. They changed it. That's not what he said.


I'm gonna give you some more good news, bad news 'cause I am not playing games with you. Look, there's the official White house.gov. It's unbelievable. We, we, we, we now live in the Soviet Union where they will just make things up, break the law to propagandize people. This is the most incredible thing I've ever seen. I mean it, I have never seen anything like this before. I thought 2016 was bad. I thought 2020 was worse. I have never seen anything like 2024. I keep telling you more, more, more voting early, more. It is pissing the Democrats off like you wouldn't believe.


I've got an update for you. I pulled two different states. Open source zone, New Jersey, early person vote, New Jersey. The hell you using New Jersey for Dan? Ain't that a blue state bet yours in is. Here's the New Jersey. Early in-person vote numbers Republicans, 144,000 Democrats, a hundred and thirty, a hundred thirty, a hundred thirty 9,000. That's New Jersey.


Here's some Arizona numbers folks. Arizona Republicans have expanded their early vote lead to nearly 130,000 votes, 678,000 Republicans, 50 550,000 Democrats. It sounds to me like those early voting numbers ain't looking too good for the Ds. I want you to chill out a little bit and temper your excitement. Some guy was listening to the radio show yesterday. He's like, Dan, what'd he say? Like, don't gloat about gloat, gloat. I'm terrified. What? Are you kidding? You even listen to my show. I'm gonna tell you something. You ready? Everybody? Turn it up. Make sure you can hear this. I was watching a TikTok this morning. Yes, I do watch TikTok because that's where the kids are and I wanna see what's going on.


It's my job, right? I was watching a TikTok from a very, very good political analyst this morning. He's a Democrat. He doesn't hide that fact, but he was very clear that he is 100% certain. He thinks Kamala Harris is gonna win. He's, I'm not te obviously, we're not we'll know soon. We will. The numbers look good for us, but this is a reason not to get cocky. I'm just telling you what the other side is saying. If you don't want to hear it, tune out. I don't want you getting kicked in the freaking Jimmy on election night because you didn't see this coming and you stayed home. He believes the polling error may actually be reversed in the opposite direction this time.


I don't know if that's true. In other words, that Kamala Harris may overperform the polls. He's predicting a swing state route with the only one. He feels bad about being Nevada. That which is weird. This guy was very good in 2016 and he was very good in 2020. He's not a Republican, so this may be biased and propaganda. I'm just telling you, I don't want you going into this because the data he presented was compelling that the polls may, may be wrong this time and Kamala's direction. I'm just telling you, if you get out and vote like we're doing now with the early voting numbers and bring 10 people, it doesn't matter what the polls say.


What matters is who shows up to freaking vote. Go out and get it done. People have been sending me messages on Facebook and Rumble. One guy said to me yesterday, Dan, I brought 22 people to the polls. You awesome. I love you, bro. Bring a minimum of 10. You can bring 20, great. You can bring 122. Awesome. But do not, do not dare get cocky about this thing. If you're sitting home on your hands 'cause you think this is over, you are absolutely wrong. More, more vote early and in person. I am absolutely passionate about this.


I wanna tell you why. Now I'm gonna produce the receipts as to why you should vote early. It is still an option for you in many states. What else could you possibly wanna see folks? Queue up that Nevada local news clip. Here's Nevada. Sure enough, folks, Nevada ran out of paper to print ballots in one of their districts. Really? You don't think this is gonna happen on election day? Now Dan, some of you may listen to this. You may say, Dan, I'm listening to this clip and I'm taking this as a reason to vote on election day. They ran out paper early. No, you are wrong. If they run outta paper today, early voting, you can GO VOTE tomorrow. If they run outta paper on election day, there is no tomorrow Rocky three style talking to Apollo bouncing around the beach water, they weren.


No. Tomorrow you're not gonna get another shot. Ask the people in Maricopa County, Arizona. Vote. Now watch this. We Wanna talk about problems printing ballots in Nevada County with 12 days until election day officials there are working around the clock to try and fix this situation. Your reporter covering Nevada County, Kayla Moeller is live for us in front of the election's office getting answers on what's being done about this. Kayla, You are not gonna have a fix on election day. It's already happened. You ever see some of all fear? That movie, the Jack Ryan movie, the first strike, there's already been a first strike.


There's already been a first strike. They already pulled their shit in Arizona in the midterms where they ran out of paper. You don't think other districts are gonna run out of paper? Get out and vote, man. don don't know what else to tell you. Get out and vote here. Here's more shenanigans. Pull up the Ohio clip. This is from Ohio. Another local news outlet, the federal government, which just took a big L in the Supreme Court. Thank you. Supreme Court, six to three ruled Virginia can keep non-citizens off the off the voting rolls, which seemed like common sense. Can't believe the Supreme Court needed to fight back against the Ka Biden administration for that.


Here's the Biden administration trying to, trying to prevent the Ohio Secretary of State from accessing citizenship roles. Folks, the shenanigans have already begun. There's no time to wait. Get out and vote now. If you can watch this eight Frank LaRose today about the election related lawsuit he filed against the Biden administration. LaRose claims the Department of Homeland Security failed to give Ohio access to federal citizenship verification records that are needed to prevent those non-citizens from voting. Let's get to 10 v political reporter, Doug Pet Cash, who interviewed LaRose about why he is pushing this effort. Yeah, that's right. Angela and Yolanda. Secretary LaRose says the state can use the federal systematic alien verification and and entitlements or save database to verify citizenship, but says the Biden administration is denying Ohio access to three other federal databases.


Folks, the shenanigans have already begun. I see Peter Philippe, 1972 in the chat. More, more, more. Yes. Peter Philippe, 1972. More, more. Get out and vote man. They're already putting out, did you watch I I played. Did you watch yesterday's podcast folks? With everything going on yesterday, our audience was a little down. We were still number one. I mean, we made it up on video on demand, but we were off a a little bit and I appreciate it. But if you missed yesterday's show, please go back and skip to the end. don don't really care. Fusion Ken Delan, who is a noted deep state intel media guy for NBC and M-S-N-B-C.


The guy doesn't have a thinking neuron in his brain. He just pars What the Intelligence Swamp community says is already putting out the new deep state narrative that, hey man, there may be an attack on election day and we're getting ready to blame and supporters. Please, please, please go watch that clip yesterday. That guy, just imagine the intelligence community talking. He is known as the intelligence community's basically mop up man. That's what he does. They're getting ready to pull something on election day. Make sure if, if it's too late and you have to vote on election day, folks, do not dare show up at this place at 8 35 when the polls close at nine.


Please, you have one shot to save your country. Skip the gym, get a babysitter, have the Walmart delivery come later. I don't care, but please figure it out no matter what. I wanna play this. One more clip. I wanna show you how they're already up to no good folks is from Jesse Waters, Democrats suing to stop ballot box surveillance. That's not even constitutional. You have the absolute right to assemble freely wherever you want. You can't and shouldn't stop anyone from voting. I know you know that, but you're absolutely free to assemble wherever you choose. They're saying now we can't surveil ballot boxes.


Why? Because they want shenanigans. Watch this. Today In Georgia, a judge ruled that election officials have to certify results. Even if voter fraud is suspected and around the state, Democrats are suing to prevent Dropbox surveillance, hand counting ballots and voter ID protections. Why are Democrats trying to make elections less secure? Especially while many states across the country are finding thousands of people who aren't citizens on the voter rolls. Like in Virginia, where Governor Youngin removed more than 6,000 non-citizens from the roll, the Biden Harris administration didn't like that.


The Justice Department is now suing Virginia for cleaning up the voter rolls something Virginia Governors have been doing for years. This is why I am telling you, Chuck, the red wave bullshit out the window. They are gonna pull every freaking trick in the book on election day if they think they're losing folks, stay tuned because the next segment's important. The Deep State and Kamala's campaign both had a really, really bad day adding to their bad week week, adding to Kamala's bad month. She's been on the decline for three to four weeks now and she hasn't been able to recover because she can't. The GDP numbers came out today lower than expected. Job openings lower than expected. Everything is breaking bad for them so bad they're trotting out the same Tired.


2016 Russia hoaxers again, Moscow Maddow and Victoria Newland to unbelievably pull the same bullshit yet again. Receipts incoming, don't go anywhere.


Hey, helix, they're offering a 20% off mattress deal for all in order for all other stores. 20%. It's a great deal to motivate you to take action and prove your sleep. Listen man, I have a helix mattress in every single room in my house. We just move. We got new ones. The most comfortable mattress I've ever slept on. The only problem is you don't want to get up in the morning and you definitely don't wanna stay in a hotel. You'll wake up rested and refreshed. It all starts with a mattress suited to your needs. Anytime you can personalize a product to fit you, it's not just generic. you know you're gonna get a better product. Helix does just that in just a few minutes. The Helix Team learns about your sleep patterns and they recommend the right mattress for your sleep patterns so you get the perfect match from the position you sleep in to your body type to your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. Visit helix sleep.com/dan, that's H-E-L-A-X and start your match today. Don't sleep on some second rate mattress. As I said, they're offering 20% off all mattress orders to all my listeners and spend eight hours a day on your mattress. Get a good one. Go to helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/dan. Thank you Helix. We appreciate it folks.


This is how bad it is. The Deep States week got really ugly. Please listen to yesterday's show. It is super important that Ken Delaney and Clip is critical. The deep State is freaking out. They're realizing because of the early voting numbers, scrap the polls, scrap the polls, the early voting numbers that they could lose this thing. And they know Trump. He's not taking briefings right now 'cause he knows the deep state's setting him up. He's not taking government money for the transition 'cause he knows the Deep state is setting him up. Why am I telling you this? Because the Trump team learned from their mistakes the first time, the first time. They are definitely prepared and the deep state Commies are running. They are terrified right now.


Here's a clip from Moscow. Rachel Maddow the most easily, easily the biggest sociopath in the media when it comes to promoting hoaxes and conspiracy theories. Sometimes I consider making her one of my top three, but she's not on enough on TV anymore and she's actually lost a lot of relevance. Here she is hysterically promoting the next Russia collusion hoax blaming Elon now and Trump, by the way, they're coming after X, if they lose 100%, 100%. Elon may find themself in handcuffs here they are blaming Putin and Elon for their lu balls and they're creating Russia hoax Elon version with what? 7.2 with Victoria Newland. Deep state hack.


Check this out. This Is the third election in a row in which Russia has tried to, to interfere, yes. To try to get Trump into the White House. How do you assess the magnitude and the the type of interference they're attempting this year compared to what they've done in his previous two elections? Well, as you said earlier, Rachel, he's, he's added again this time. He's not even trying to hide his his hand and he has far more sophisticated tools. You know his AI is better so he can make these fake videos. He has done things like spend $10 million trying to buy American influencers and get them parroting his his lines and not even know it's happening.


But he's also got a brand new, very, very powerful tool, which is Elon Musk and X. you know, in 2020 the social media companies worked hard with the US government to try to do content moderation to try to catch this stuff as It was happening. But this time we have Elon Musk talking directly to the Kremlin and ensuring that every time the Russians put out something like this, it gets 5 million views on X before anybody can catch it. So it's, it's quite dangerous. Folks. We're the supermarket L Super Mercado poor K, because we produced the receipts. Man, you've got Fusion Ken, the Intel swamps cut out, mop up guy.


You got him yesterday pumping a new narrative. Oh, there's gonna be a terror attack on election day and you misinformation people, IE Elon Musk, you're definitely gonna be to blame. Now you've got deep state Victoria Newland with their puppet master loser. Moscow mad this dipshit on M-S-N-B-C talking about, hey Elon, man, I don't know Russia, am I? They are so getting ready to lock people up if we lose this election. It is so obvious. I've called every one of these damn things. My batting average is a freaking thousand. I am telling you, man, get the freaking handcuffs out. If we lose, here's the great Mike Bens, by the way, he'll be with us on election night. You joining us 7:30 PM Eastern Time election night.


I will be there. We'll stay as long as we need to. 7:30 PM I'll be with Avita Duffy. We'll be at Oak and Ember in Stewart, Florida. It's a ticketed event. Mike Bens will be there live. Julie Kelly, Adam Gillette gonna be a huge show. Savannah Hernandez, so many good guests. We've also got Stephen Crowder. We're gonna do the biggest Rumble crossover ever. Join us, Mike Ben will be there, and he notes the woman you just saw. Victoria Newland is now at the CIA's number one cutout the organization. She keeps warning. He keeps warning you about the National Endowment for Democracy.


Folks, what are the, this is the CIAs. This is what They weren the This is what they use to advance the Internal Intelligence Swamps agenda, the National Endowment for Democracy. Look who's there. National Endowment for Democracy welcomes Victoria Newland to the board of directors. What a shocker. And now she's back on tv. Well be in working at the CIA's cutout with Moscow Mad this dip shit hoax promoter conspiracy theorist, who's never been right about anything, talking about, I don't know. Elon may be working with the Russians. Do you think with a straight face? They're not preparing some treason case or Logan Act case against Elon Musk.


Are you serious? Are you crazy folks? We cannot lose. Do not. I'm asking you as friends. Please do not discount any possibility right now. They have gone absolutely crazy. The Deep State do not discount any possibility whatsoever. Kerry Pickett, Washington Times. Now we've got a new set of whistleblowers. Jim Comey had FBI Honeypot spying on the Trump campaign in 2016. I'm just gonna say I have one of their names. It's a woman in my books. You can look it up. Look up ARMRA Turk if you want. You can see what I'm talking about. We actually know the FBI spies.


We know what name they went by, at least. Folks, this is real Shellenberger sums this whole thing up too. This thing has gotten even worse, folks, this is the really, really keep in mind, we're talking about the really, really bad week for the deep state and Kamala Harris is now getting worse. He notes, look at this now. We now know according to new whistleblowers, I'm gonna play this video after a break. You gotta see this new whistleblowers. You mean in addition to the other whistleblowers? Yes. We now know the FBI had the hunter laptop and knew It was real immediately. The FBI was spying on Giuliani and knew he would give the laptop to the media. They then ran a disinformation campaign to pre bunk the story using the Aspen Institute.


They note that. Then the Twitter general counsel, Jim Bakker, who used to conveniently work at the FBI convinced Twitter to censor the story. And CIA director Gina Hasell, who the hell recommended this woman, by the way, approved within a few hours, a disinformation campaign by the 51 Intel officials about the letter. He notes these people should go to prison. You're right. Katherine Harris been doing amazing work on X. Katherine Harris got whistleblowers to now out one of the biggest stories of the year right before the election that the FBI, the FBI has now been fully corrupted at the highest levels and is now a fully partisan operation committed to Democrat, liberal communist politics.


I've never seen something so disgusting in my life. Donald Trump gets in the entire upper level of the FBI. Ladies and gentlemen has to be fired. And anyone who knew anything about this, they gotta go. I'll show you the video coming up in a second last break and then I'll get to that. You gotta watch this.


Hey, it's time to be awake, not woke. Start your day with a hot America. First couple Blackout Coffee. It's the official Coffee of the Bongino Army. We love this coffee. It's hardworking. Americans love the country. But here's the important thing. Blackout Coffee loves the country. The owner, John is such a great guy. He loves his second amendment, loves the Constitution, but he loves great coffee. That's why he's in the coffee business. You're probably used to a lot of these lower grade coffee bead. You've been drinking his brown water and you think it tastes like coffee. Try blackout. You're gonna find out what actual coffee tastes like. Bold, but never bitter. It ships within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Try the cinnamon French toast. It is amazing. You're gonna love it. Gimme your feedback on it. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bino and see what I'm talking about. It's time to quit drinking woke corporate drunk, drunk coffee every morning. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee like I did. You will thank me later. It's absolutely delicious stuff.


And our last sponsor today, MyPillow, a large resale to a retail store, just canceled A big order of my pillows, leaving a ton of extra my pillows. But that works for you, right? It's their loss in your gain. For the first time ever, you can get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488. But it gets even better for a limited time. They're gonna offer their entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get queen size my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar more. Get the body pillows for 29 88 and multi-Use my pillows for only 9 88. So go to mypillow.com and use promo code Dan or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 to take advantage of wholesale pricing. For the first time ever. Receive free shipping on orders. Over $75 orders placed between now and December 25th of a 60 day money back guarantee extended through March 1st, 2025. The limited quantities of this price, the limit's gonna be 10. Once they're gone, they're gone. So go to mypillow.com. I'll call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code dan mypillow.com. Call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code. Dan, get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest price ever. Thanks, MyPillow.


I want you to watch this. This is Katherine, her, one of the few actual reporters and journalists left out there. Ladies and gentlemen. They've got a new FBI Whistleblower, the FBI knew about the Hunter laptop and stole the 2020 election. Our FBI management is fully corrupted. They all need to be fired and shown the door and given a one way ticket outta Washington, dc She talks about this stuff up on the screen in the tweet, how IRS whistleblowers involved in the Hunter Biden tax case reveal, I-R-S-D-O-J and the FBI knew the laptop was real immediately. The deep state had a bad week. But also the Kamala Harris campaign too. I want you to watch this video from CNBC yesterday on job openings that came in lower than expected.


Folks, the Kamala campaign has nothing to run on. Not the border, not the economy, not inflation, nothing. Check this out, Joel. This is September read. We're expecting a number somewhere in the vicinity of 8 million openings, 7,000,443 and last month was revised. It came in at 8,000,040. It's now coming in at 7,000,861. So this now becomes the lowest free going back to January of 2021. January of 2021. Oh man, this is not a good week for them. GDP numbers came in lower than expected, folks.


This has been a terrible week. Everything they're trying to run on is collapsing. Then you got this clip yesterday from CNBC, no less. The D Triple C chair, the Democratic Congressional Committee that's trying to elect new congressmen, basically admitting on CNBC that their goal when they get into office is to completely dump the filibuster. They dump the filibuster. You'll never win another election again. There's no chance. Check this out. Get Rid of the the filibuster. So I think we've gotta figure out a way that we make sure that we can govern again. So That's a yes. The Senate right now seems, Is that a yes' Capable of governing? You think we should? So I do think that that that's gonna be an important policy to try to figure out how we actually get a function.


That means DC becomes a state. That means the, the Supreme Court gets some additional members that that would mean allotted. Well, I think it's about policy, working and governance. Again, if we're gonna actually make sure that we are going to move policy forward and Congress is gonna do its part, then we need policy makers who are serious about governing. And we don't have people who are serious about governing in charge of the house right now. Folks, this can't get any worse for them. They've got all of their surrogates out there trying to rescue Kamala Harris's campaign, increasingly saying dumber and dumber stuff every single time.


Every single time. They can't. There's no way they can save themselves. I mean, think about it. Here's CNN. They go out and they're trying to save themselves with a joke, with a joke at an event. While Biden actually said the same damn thing about Gar. He actually called you garbage. Here's CNN. They go out and interview a Puerto Rican voter, CN. So they're clearly looking for someone to say, Donald Trump's a racist, hates Hispanic voters and hates Puerto Rican voters. Here's CNN trying to find someone and they can't even figure it out. Clearly the narrative is not working. Take a look. Comments Like that, does that change your perspective about who you might vote for? No, That's not enough.


I'd rather c it to believe it. you know, everybody gets e clown the words Fernando Santiago already cast his vote for former President Donald Trump. How bad does it have to be when CNN, obviously a communist news network out there looking for narratives to decimate and destroy the Donald Trump campaign, especially pseudo fake racist ones. They can't even find someone to interview on camera. Do you think they didn't try? Folks, the narratives are falling apart. Don't get cocky about this. Anything can change. Get out there and vote early and in person, execute more every single day.


But I'm noticing even in pop culture, I don't want to, I'm hesitant to tell you this story, but I'll tell you anyway, hold on. I'm gonna let you in on a little kind of secret here. I don't wanna use names because I don't wanna blow up any one's spot because it, it's not like any kind of crime or anything like that. But five or six years ago when I was a Trump supporter and you were talking to people in the entertainment sports community, I can't tell you how many times you'd be talking with them and they'd be like, I'm a huge fan of your show, but just don't say anything. And you'd be like, I, I, I was it. It'd be the last time I'd ever talked to 'em because I'd be like, you gotta be kidding me. Like I'm one, why would I say so?


That's kind of stupid. But second, do you have no balls? Like I couldn't believe how many people were afraid to kind of out themselves as Trump supporters. It was. It was stunning. It was stunning. I am sensing such a sea change. I can't tell you how many people behind the scenes, you know, and this ain't like smoke blowing or any of that bullshit. There's no time for that right now. I can't tell you how many people have reached out to me and said, dude, I love your show. And I'm always like, man, I remember that guy. And oh, that guy's pretty, it is happening everywhere. There is this massive cultural shift now where people are starting to understand that we're the renegades. We're the misfits.


I wanna show you what I mean. This guy I, don, don don't. I don't, I mean, I don't know his politics or anything. I know Donald Trump went on his podcast, this guy Andrew Scholtz. But I want you to watch this back and forth with Charlemagne. Where this guy, he's a comedian. You would've never seen this five or six years ago, and now you're starting to see clips like this surface everywhere. Check this out. Voting Democrat, probably about 80 million people. Man, get the fuck out. Ain't nobody voting for Kamala Harris. Watch. It's been so funny to see everybody jump on the Kamala train immediately. Like It was unanimously accepted that she was kind of boring, weird, and goofy for fucking what? The last what? Four years. She got lobotomized by Tulsi Gabbard in the debate. Everybody said the exact one bad bar, one bad bar.


Like there's a million different things. And then a second she becomes the, the second she becomes the nominee, everything was forgotten. Immediate amnesia. You always talk about how like Republicans get in line. Democrats get alive, bro, but, but that, yes, yes, but who? Who should I follow? Listen, yes, yes, yes. But whatever you say, daddy. But that's why You never saw this stuff ever. People were terrified. Now you see in Nick Bosa from the 49 ERs, the the kicker from the chiefs, the Harrison guy, you see in a lot of these, you serve the Zach Levy, the Hollywood guy. This is happening over and over.


Country music folks. Now, the country, of course they'd be conserved. No, you'd be surprised. Country music is a lot of liberals. You'd be stunned how many people are starting to realize, damn their freedom's on the line if they lose too folks, even the liberal mayor of New York, again, Eric Adams, a guy I don't trust as far as I can throw. Even this guy is starting to sense in liberal New York City that the political winds are changing and this guy's like, damn, I better get on the right side of it. Here's Eric's Adams again, smelling some kind of bullshit. Remember, there's no bigger political actor than this guy. And realizing he may be on the wrong side of this stuff. I'm telling you, this speaks to the cultural shift happening right now, thanks to you.


Wear your MAGA hat, wear it proudly. Don't stop because you are the one creating this public pressure where now people are starting to say, shit man, I better not go along to get along. I better start looking at the other side and seeing what they're about. Check this out. And they're talking about these real problems we're having. And with all that's going on to everyday New Yorkers, we are asking questions that, is someone a fascist or is someone a Hitler? That's insulting to me. That is insulting. And I'm not going to engage in that. Everyone needs to turn down the rhetoric. 'cause after the election day, we still have to be the United States and not the divided states.


This guy, I, how many times, I gotta tell you, the most dangerous place in America to be is between Eric Adams and a camera. Nobody understands politics. He's got an instinct for it better than this guy. And believe me, I don't mean that as a compliment in this case, I don't. He is from New York City. He is sensing some kind of elemental shift in the political winds of the day. I've never seen this before. And it's because you are creating folks. Listen anyone telling you like yard signs and MAGA hats don't matter. They do. Are they gonna shift an election? Probably not. But what they do is they make the public comfortable that you are not alone. Okay? You go out to a mall and you think, oh my gosh, I'm the only MAGA person in here.


I'm in Palm Beach. And then you look around, you're like, holy shit man, there's freaking MAGA hats everywhere. Maybe the other side's the minority. We need to do that. That cultural shift has to happen. You have to make people comfortable feeling like they feel about this. Make America Great again movement. And that's what's happening. That's why you're seeing people like Eric Adams and this comedian come out and say these things. They're probably not gonna vote Republican, but it, in their case, it doesn't even matter. What matters is they're opening the door for the other side to go, Hey, it's safe folks. They don't have anything to run on. I showed you that clip with the economy. I showed you the clip with the GDPI showed you the clip with the jobs numbers. I showed you the clip with the D Tripp with Triple C Chair.


They have nothing to run on, but I think the issue that's ultimately gonna be their undoing is either gonna be the economy or the border. It's not some bold statement there. I'm saying it's just a statement of looking at the poll numbers. And this is what people care about. I want you to listen to this local news story. Local news is where it's at, man. You watch local news, you'll see where that really, people watch this stuff still. Here's a video out of Lachland Ohio about migrants taking over a community in a swing state of Ohio where Bernie Moreno is running against Sherrod Brown. I want you to watch this clip. Glen, how do you think this plays in the local community? Check this out. 3000 men from the West African country of Mauritania have come to this small town after crossing the southern border illegally and claiming asylum.


Nearly all of the mauran don't speak English. They can't legally work. And for housing, they're packing as many as 20 people into apartments meant for two to four. And because so many of them have never used an oven before, the fire department is now regularly responding to kitchen fires like this one where hundreds of people had to be evacuated. The massive influx of people is also taking a big toll on the city's utilities, particularly at these apartment buildings. The sewer system is getting backed up, the drainage is getting backed up in the building. And then when You know we're responding for the issues of, you know, literally feces running down the walls of the bathrooms from the floor above, that's not how anyone should be living.


How do you think that NOCO local news report plays a shit running down the walls? That's not me. Oh my gosh. How could you say that? Are you had insulting people for shitting on walls? No, I'm just playing a local news report from a local public safety official telling you they're literally responding to play to places with shit running down the walls. These are all local news, man. It's not the Deb Barto show. Do we have some special guest here? Is that what I'm hearing? No, we don't have a special guest, do we? Is that, do we have a spec? We do have a spec. What's going on? There's so, hold on. This is like the weirdest thing someone's telling me, like someone's trying to pirate our steal our stream.


You having any technical issues on the chat folks out there? You seeing like a little static? Oh, What this show belongs Fuck. Who is that? I am the host now the show belongs to me. What the, that's what fuck is going on here. How did you just do that? I'm, I'm a Minnesota voter, so I I I like taking over things and claiming I'm the captain is that, Hey Dan, you look up Crowder, Man, good to see you. But I don't know how you did that, but it is good to see you. Welcome to my stream. How you doing, buddy? Thank you very much. I'm, I've never had a better introduction. I, I always love following shit on the walls. Yeah, yeah. And what the fuck, right? Yeah. Someone asked me on my radio show yesterday, if the language is okay, Ted Cruz, I think said, said, pissed off or something.


I said, no, no, it's unacceptable. We don't, we definitely don't use that kind kinda language on our show. No, Ted Cruz. Ted Cruz is a lot of fun, but a long time ago, some of the people around him were, were, were wieners and they said like he was coming to do the show and there was someone, I don't think they work with him anymore, so it's okay. Said, oh, you have to remove the, the, the bottles there on the bar. I said, he literally just gave an interview and said his favorite drink was, was American Bourbon. What you think people are gonna be Offended? I'll Be okay to see a, a bottle behind him. Like this is why, this is why Donald Trump resonates with people, the managers, the handlers, right? How many times I have, I have, I have said this Dan, and we'll get to election night, but I will not vote for one person who does this thumb bullshit.


I won't vote for that person ever again. you know, that came from some focus group. I, don Dunno, maybe Frank Lz with the hair piece in the, in the sneakers telling people to talk with their thumb like this. You don't see it anywhere in the natural world, but you see it. I mean, bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Ron DeSantis, Nikki Haley. Do you know anyone who talks like this in real life? Right? Right, right. No, no. It it's such a good point. Steve, Steve election night, and by the way, thank you for joining us folks. He has, well, one of the most popular live streams in the entire world. you know, louder w Crowder, a lot of you're Mug club members were honored to have him on Rumble a free speech platform. You've been under attack by the censorship regime as well, so you know what it's like. So you and I decided to do something special on election night.


You're gonna have hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people. I think it's gonna be a real statement what you and I are about to do on election night against mainstream media. And yeah, teams reached out and, you know, whenever you and I get together, as you can see, we always, we just, you and I, man, we just like each other. I really enjoy hanging out with you, man. It's, we never have to script anything, but we're gonna do a crossover on election night. What time are you starting election night? Where, where can people find you and You know? Are you gonna be on all night? Like, are you staying until the end kind of thing? That's what we're planning on doing. Yes. Yes. We have told people that we do not leave until the people know who the president of the United States is going to be. Starts at 6:00 PM Eastern. People can watch here on Rumble.


We, we will be on YouTube until they ban us. I don Dunno if people remember, but We had the biggest election stream in, in in 2020. Then we were suspended two weeks before the 2022 midterms for something that had happened two years prior. Some violation during Covid or something. So there's actually going to be, I believe we'll announce a betting line as to whether will be removed from YouTube or when. So it's really more of just a fun thing to see what happens. Can I bet on that when we'll be on Rumble all night? Can I Can, I should put like a cool Millie down that you will be banned like within 10 minutes or something. The easiest money I ever made. Yeah, it's a, it's a surely careful though, I think you're the guy who, who, who bet it all on Mike Tyson against Buster Douglas. So a sure thing isn't, isn't always what it appears.


That's true. True. Yeah. Also, you bet on the Falcons at halftime. So don don't know what happened, but no, we actually So we, we've invested in millions of dollars into this and I we'll be crossing the streams and I wanna be clear to people where, I don't want anyone to take umbrage when I say this is the only place that people need to tune into. What I mean is we have the election integrity map. People can go to election integrity map.com where we have all of the same resources that Legacy Media does. So this is a tool for you. Other streams, by all means, I want people to tune into every stream and support everyone they can. What I'm saying is I hope all these other streams don't rely on CNN or Fox News like they did in the last election when they called Arizona in with less than 1.2e-05% of the vote. you know, the, the, the, the, the data that they have, these newswires, there's Edison Research and it's the National Election pool basically by Reuters, right?


This costs a lot of money when you add it all up in the ability to get it out to people, it's millions of dollars. But we've added on top of that third party data analysts so that we can actually not only call, not only look at states, not only give people real time updates, but dispute states it comes from a mistake. So people understand this. The inspiration was a mistake that last election when Arizona was called super early. you know, I did my comedian thing and made fun of Brett Bear and said he looked like a white chimp from Congo or something like that, but there was nothing I could do. I was going, I, I know this is not, I know this is bs, but I ha I don't have tools to do anything. and I said, that can't happen again, So, we will have everything that Legacy Media has and then some and it'll be available to people.


So this election, integrity map.com people go there, okay? They can see it just like a two 70 to win, see the updates, but also in real time, there'll be windows where you click, oh, don don't know, maybe Fulton County, maybe something like a pipe burst, maybe something like Bristol Boards covering up precincts in Detroit. You'll be able to click it, open it, and we've investigative journalists on the ground in every major city of every major swing state and thousands of volunteers. So you'll be able to see updates in real time along with all the stuff that mainstream media will have. What this is about is providing the tools not only here, but to all alternative streams so that we don't have to rely on the old, the old guards ever again.


We have everything they have come. Then Steve, I wanna Ask you about that. 'cause debate Night, you and I had bigger audiences than the legacy media channels digitally, A-B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S and the New York Times. I I bet that, you know, It was like putting Bamboo shoots under their fingernails. Were were forced to report those numbers and it had to be devastating for them. Now, I don't wanna be dramatic, You know, legacy media isn't dead. They still had millions of people. The point is, sure You know Steve, you know, as well as I do Hobson's Choice, you're forced to make two bad. Give it, what do you wanna be? Do you wanna be growing digitally or cord cutting in legacy media? I'd rather be us than them right now. I I don't wanna be on their team.


No. Ab absolutely the only issue, and I think we could both agree with this, right? More people want to see folks like you and, and myself. I don't wanna pat myself in the back, but we both do pretty well, but we don't always have the same tools because these people have been entrenched for many, many decades because they've presented themselves as my god actual journalists. So this is about hopefully a tectonic shift in the actual earth beneath the landscape of media where people understand in this election, November 5th, 2024, we're calling it the election live stream of the century, the Rumble on Rumble. So Rumble is a place to be. People will see, oh wait, I don't need to rely on Anderson Cooper, don don't have to choose between people who I like to watch, but let's be honest, some more legitimate tools that maybe they have at CN and Fox News because they have a multi-billion dollar budget.


Without a hint of exaggeration, we wanted to make sure that people can have a one-stop shop as well as other hosts out there. We'll be doing Cross Dreams, not only with you, but I know Tim Poole, Alex Jones, Russell brand, the Quartering. We have more to follow where they have tools that they can use without having to send people to the folks we hate. They pulled the ladder up behind them. Guess what? We don't wanna get up in the attic. We're fine. We're, we're, we're cool here in the loft. So, yeah, that's Absolutely, We've also covered, I I wouldn't do it any other way at this point. I mean, I, for me, It was by choice. I love what I'm doing. What are you watching on election night early? you know, obviously we have huge audiences on, on in the northeast and on the East Coast. I mean, I live in Florida. I know you're out in Texas, but you know, no one wants to wait until the polls close in, you know, California or Oregon, and then five hours later when they even get numbers in.


So I, I'm watching Virginia, I I I think there's a slim chance Trump could win there. It's probably doubtful, but it's not out of, not totally outta reach, but I'm not even looking for a win. I'm just looking for to see for a margin. Virginia closes whatever, eight or nine o'clock, and within a couple hours Donald Trump is within say two to three points in Virginia and in Pennsylvania starting to look good. This is one of those things where I'm like, eh, this could be a pretty good night. Yeah, You know, it's interesting that you say that. We did a segment yesterday, again with kind of to, to, to show people some of the analysts and the data that we have access to that some people don't, or at least the analysis we can provide. I don't know if you know this, but New York, I believe New York right now, the la the polling average is something like 16% or it's plus it's either plus 16 or plus 18.


Kamala, that sounds really bad, but it's an interesting bellwether because the last time It was even that close was 1988. Okay, So, we need to be clear about that. There are certain things that you can look for even in blue states where you can say, what are these margins looking like? And historically these rules have never been broken. We did that with Virginia. We presented it yesterday, New York. So even places, whether Trump wins or not, You know if you add that up, if we see these margins maintained or if it reflects at all the polling in Donald Trump, we did the numbers as to how he outperformed polling, and you combine that with one or two calls that was You know, sort of hanging in the balance. One of these swing states, you have a pretty good idea as to how it's gonna go. It doesn't mean, you know, for sure anything can happen, but I think a lot of people just think of this as red states, blue states, and then swing states.


There's, there's more to that. If, if you wanna have a bigger picture and I think that, look, Donald Trump has been pretty smart about this in campaigning in New York, in ca, you don't need to win New York, you don't need to win California. But if he gets the popular vote, and this is the first time it's, it's, it's really close with an election that has Donald Trump on the ticket, the left can no longer claim the moral high ground because they lose the, the mandate of the masses, which they don't have. This is assuming that all, all elections are the most free and fair, legitimate of our time. He wins that popular vote, or let's say it's just within striking distance. It's something that they lose. They'll still wanna ban the electoral college. Don't get me wrong. So there are a few bellwethers to look for as far as what to look for too. I think, look, as far as election interference, I've said this, this for a long time, and I know, a lot of conservatives out there are, are, are too cowardly to even discuss it because YouTube removes you if you do.


That's why thank God for Rumble and, and hopefully x is gonna be following suit. There are five tiers to stealing a nation to rigging it. And we did a segment on this because a lot of people focus on Dominion and the ghost of Chavez. Look, there may be some foul play there. Okay? But let's see the bigger picture, okay, step one, medium malpractice. That's the Hunter Biden laptop story that's removing people like me and you and conservatives from YouTube, from Google, right? The algorithms that they've, they're able to tip elections. That's step one. Step two is weaponizing the justice system. We saw it with the DOJ mug club. Undercover revealed that people in the DOJ knew that these were bogus charges and they weren just stacking them to try and render this man illegitimate or ineligible to run for president. Step three is changing election laws.


You saw that in Pennsylvania with the last election. We saw it with mass mail-in voting, we see it with states that don't have voter id. Step four is having these sort of malfunctions, like we saw in the midterms. For example, Mari, I believe It was in Arizona. I think It was Maricopa County for hours. People couldn't vote yes. Right? Yeah. That'll affect it. Then step five is outright voter fraud. That's where you see ballot boxes on fire. That's where you see ballot harvesting, ballot stuffing, or you see no way to check your own vote. So yeah, does it happen? Of course, no one thinks there's 0% election fraud, right? No one thinks there's 0% voter fraud. It just comes on, it comes down to a sliding scale. How much do you think? But what is not a sliding scale is steps one through four. The media malpractice, the weaponizing the justice system, the changing the election laws that happen and the unresolvable malfunctions that do happen.


History. Yeah, it happens. Yes. Yeah. It's it's already coded in the past. Yeah, it's already written into the code that happened. Steve, I, I got a run on, unfortunately, I got my radio show coming up in a few minutes. Rumble dot com, check out louder with Crowder. Give the gentleman a follow. He's been live streaming a lot longer than I have. He's, he's really good at this. The show is amazing. I will see you on election night. We're gonna be doing the crossover of all Crossovers. I'm looking forward to it. Hey, man, thanks a lot for spending some time with us. I wish I had some more, but I got a jet for the radio show, man. I'll see you on election night. Thank you very much. The live stream of the century. Rumble on Rumble. We'll all be there. Damn right, amigo. See, every time I get together with Steve folks is what happens.


It's like I, I, I wrote a few things down I wanted to get to, and I got to none of 'em because me and him just like kind of go off. So don't miss an election night, 7:30 PM Eastern time. Rumble dot com slash dan download the Rumble app. It is absolutely free. The site is free if you want an ad free. If you want an ad free experience, you can sign up for Rumble Premium. Your choice, the advertisers keep the regular Rumble dot com slash bonino free. So. we really appreciate your support. I will see you on the radio show here in a few minutes and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM When I say here, I mean Rumble. We, we, we multistream there and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.