
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know, I I, I never thought what started out as a joke, right fellas? What started out as a joke? They're like, what? The karate man. I never thought it, I never thought I'd have to use it in real life. But guess my reminds me of like the House of Bank. Remember, guess who's back by house Man, Geraldo's Bank wants to fight me again.


Why is this guy always wanna fight me? Why does everybody always wanna fight? Dan Bongino? Why? I am an old soon to be 50 decaying crocus of osteoarthritis. These are show muscles. They don't work unlike everybody else on TV telling you how they could kick your ass. I'm telling you how. I can't. I can. I got karate man. I got karate. Man's an emoji. It's not for real. This isn't sweep the leg. Cobra Kai. Why does everybody wanna fight me all the time? Do I have a punchable face or something?


Everybody wants to fight. db. What is going on? I got that. Got a weekend update


today's show brought to you by Mesha, the reliable, affordable healthcare alternative. Don't pay for procedures you can agree with. Find out more at mesher.com/panino.


Big show for you today. And ladies and gentlemen, who, Gerald goes back the schism I've been talking about on the left is getting worse and worse and worse. I told you this show has been ahead of it. The crazies are getting crazier and a lot of the fake moderates are like, Hey man, we could lose forever if this doesn't work out. So this is really, we've been on top of this from day one.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying sleepless? And I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's a toll poor sleep and it devastates your health and your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. Beams dream powder. They sent me something to try. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well We can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life there is our way Other sleep aids can cause. The next day Grogginess Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of Reishi magnesium, Athenian Apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed beam's. Black Friday sale is now here. It's their biggest sale ever and the lowest they've ever sold. Dreamforce. Or get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino. This is your best chance to finally try it for the lowest price ever. So head on over to shop BEA m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50% off that shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50% off.


Alright fellas, let's go. So ju it is Monday, a brief weekend update. 'cause there's not a lot of super exciting Activ this weekend. If you're ever in south Florida, went to a restaurant Blackbird with my friend Cleve and the famous orthodontist, he's in the picture on Twitter. If you wanna check him out. My buddy Arvin Ani. Good man, we had a great time. But Saturday, listen folks, a lot of people throw these things out there and they say things like, Hey, I'm a T-shirt and jeans guy. I am. And it's funny 'cause I put out this picture on my Twitter at my ex account of me at Blackbird with the orthodontist and the owner of Blackbird, who's a really good guy. And again, I'm in of course a T-shirt and jeans and there are people like, dare you're dressed like a slot, whatever.


I don't care. I, you know, I don't like wearing other stuff. The clothes are clean. I'm not, I don't smell bad. I wash them. I just don't like wearing anything else. Okay, so you guys made me feel bad 'cause I love the audience. A bunch of people like you gotta stop dressing like a sl whatever. So I went out to the mall this weekend, like the Fufu Mall. Maybe I'm supposed to be Fufu guy. I don't like being fufu guy. Fufu guy ain't my thing. But because some people complain, I feel an obligation to take care of all the others. I bought a few shirts. Okay, okay, you happy now? And Michael, you'll be happy to know. They even have buttons. They have buttons. Like I just discovered the button that, oh, you found the picture.


This was not part of the show. So there's Cleve on the Endor Blackboard, there's Arvin, there's wife Vicki, that's the famous orthodontist. And there's Dan and Paula. Everybody's, you know what, I got slob everybody. Okay, I bought some buds. Everybody happy? Now I may even take a picture for you guys to put in the show of me with a shirt with buttons on. There's the weekend update. Enough's enough, but I gotta take care of all the audience folks in the chat. You cool with me wearing T-shirts all the time? Yes. No. Put a no. If you think I should once in a while put a shirt on with buttons so it don't look like a slob. Geraldo is back. I never thought Karate Man was gonna have to happen in real life. So I am trying to desperately find Mr.


Miyagi. I just found out that that was not in fact a documentary. Karate Kid is fake. I'm devastated. I thought that was real. I was trying to practice the crane and all that stuff and it didn't really work out. So Karate man, I may have to implement it in real life. I'm hanging around this weekend and my phone is blowing up. People have my number. They're like, Dan, what is up with Geraldo? And? I wanna say in advance? This clip really isn't that bad. He actually pays me a pretty nice compliment at the end. Whatever. Me and Geraldo were never bitter enemies in real life. We just, we, no, we just fought on tv. It wasn't an act, it wasn't a shtick. The fights were real, I promise you. But whenever I saw him in person, he was always a gentleman. Never rude to me at all. But matter of fact, very nice. But you know, we were kind of frenemies, you know, on TV we would fight Aino.


This is a surprise. Yeah, I totally forgot. That's it. That's is that when he threw the paper clip and a paper at me? I'm sick Of you Panino. I'm sick of you. Perhaps he was sick of me that I promise you that was not a shtick. Okay? He really was sick of me 'cause I'd beat him up on the air a lot. I mean, rhetorically speaking. So he's on CNN this weekend about this persistent rumor with me with the Secret Service folks. I can't say this enough. There have been zero conversations about me and the Secret Service. I have a job, okay? I'm happy to help them out if they want some advice on something, that's fine. I don't know where this is coming from. CNN seems convinced I'm leaving to become the secret service director.


I don't know where they're getting the story from. Their sources are no good, but they bring on Geraldo, This, isn like a minute 30. So, but this is worth every second. Listen to the beginning where he, again, he says we're gonna square up in a bar. Do you understand? Geraldo is 80 years old. He is 80 years. That's, I'm not, listen, great. It's fine. I'm not like scared of anybody's age or anything like that. I'm 50. He's 80, I'm 200 pounds. Oh, look at this. I did. This is not, this show is being hijacked today. This, here it is. The tale of the tape folks. Dan Bonino. Age 49. Only for a couple weeks. We're having the biggest party ever. This party can be so sick. You have no idea. 49. Are you guys coming?


Yeah. Oh. yeah. No, no cameras a allowed 49 phones have to be checked. The 49 to me. 200 pounds. Actually probably closer to 1 95 now six. Six one closer to six. But whatevers 3.44 millimeter. I think they just made that up. Seven Rumble following. Is that my Rumble? Oh, reach. Oh, okay. Oh, reach like following 3.44 million. That is accurate. Oh, nice record. 17 and oh, which I think they made up 'cause I've never had a professional fight. Anyway. Age Geraldo 81, they say 140. I think he's closer to a hundred fifty five seven. Reach, irrelevant. That was a record. Zero, zero and 17. What is that?


No decisions or something. I don know. But there we go. There's Har all they wanted to put actual bodies on it. Someone had a local thing, but I'm glad you didn't because then Paula would be all mad at me. So there it is. Here's the clip. Har Geraldo, Wants To Fight Me Again. And, but he does end it off pretty nice. So it's all in good fun. Check this out. Lemme ask you about Dan Bonino because I'm sure that you saw this. He's being floated as Secret Service Director. The possibility of, I mean, there you go. And I. I just wanna be clear for our viewers who aren't familiar, you two sparred a lot on Fox and man, am I being understated when I say that? How would you feel about him being Secret Service Director? That I, I can't imagine anyone who I, I feel, I feel more fiercely combative with than, than Dan Bonino.


If he were to walk into a bar, And I was having a beer, you know, we, we probably square off. We disagree on everything. you know, we, you know, I I think he has his own set of facts. I I think he's a, you know, provocateur. But I, I, I go back, I go back to what I said about Major Pete. I have no issue at all with his, with his honesty, his credibility, his character, his, his patriotism, his love of the Secret Service. I think all those things are positive for Bonino. And you know, I I, I think that in some ways, all of these people in the cabinet and, and you could name others as well, Dr.


Oz are, are great on tv. They, they are bigger than life. They're great communicators. I see where the President-elect is going with this cabinet. Can they do the job, you know, the day to day, the administrative stuff running these businesses and they are giant businesses. Even though they're government agencies. you know, I, I guess we'll, we'll see. Some will, some won't. But I, with Bino, you know, I i, I would, lemme put it this way. If I was a, a Target and Bino was on the job, I feel that Panino would keep me safe. He would do the job. Brianna, that is very, I'm sick of you, you Panino I'm sick of you hungry ab I know, I know you're sick of me.


Har I don a very nice compliment at the end. It's all in good fun folks. Or like I said, we were never but I don't know where this rumor's coming from. There is no such thing out there. Okay, I'm, I'm sorry, I don't know where everybody's getting this story. I think there's a natural connection because I worked there. However, that again, I don't know why everybody wants to fight me all the time. It's this fascination with me and fighting and we are not squaring. Can you imagine, folks, I wanna leave this here. I know I'm beating this. I just can't take pun intended, can you? I mean, listen, I'm 50 And I feel every second of it. The dude is 31 years older than me. Can you imagine squaring up with a guy you outweigh by probably 40 plus pounds in a bar?


You're, oh my gosh, this is just insane. Hilarious. How many people sent that to me weekend? All right, get back to the serious stuff folks. Listen with regards to appointments, forget drop my name out of this stuff. We gotta talk about the serious stuff like Cash Patel over at FBI. There are deep state People freaking out right now because they're realizing what Ratcliffe in there and potentially Cash Patel at the FBI that all of the stuff you would you heard about but we could not confirm because of shitty IG investigations and Bob Mueller not doing his homework about the spying on Donald Trump. I mean, you know Scamp pedia Wikipedia, if you put Spygate in Wikipedia, hilariously, this is why I tell people you mention Wikipedia hang up on you immediately.


'cause you're not a serious person. Wikipedia still calls it a conspiracy theory. The name of the spy was Ra Turk. You can look it up folks. This is how dumb, by the way, that was just one spy. There were others too. you know who I'm talking about? They were all over my books. We know the names of the spies. They were spying on the Trump orbit. That's a fact. Cash is gonna go in there and cash knows where the bodies are buried. And he's got shovels, man. He's ready to rock and roll. That's why they're so terrified. Cass was on Maria Barta Romo show this weekend. We need this guy at FBI. We don't get him at FBI. They're gonna get another person just pouring dirt on it. We're never gonna find this stuff out. Watch this. You'll see why they're afraid.


Yeah, I mean unfortunately the public has also lost trust in a number of these agencies. Kesh, how do you believe Americans will regain trust in our most important law enforcement agencies? One thing, exposure of corruption. Put out the documents. Put out the evidence. We only have gotten halfway down the Russia gate hole. The people need to know that their FBI is restored by knowing full well what they did to unlawfully surveil them. The people need to know that there has been a de weaponization, a defanging of the Department of Justice and their houses of worship will no longer be raid, but they need to be shown the documents that said this was the reasoning they weaponized justice.


And that in my opinion, is how Congress can most importantly secure the trust or resecure the trust of these agencies and departments. President Trump is taking a huge first step with his monumental victory. Now it's up to Congress and the Senate to work with his leaders at DOJ and FBI to put out those documents. And I, think Doge goes a long way in that. But we're gonna need cabinet secretaries who say we don't fear the corruption that preceded us. It will make us powerful if we expose it to the American public. Alright ca Folks, nobody else is talking like this. Who is up for FBI director? This is a critical spot. Ray is out, he's done. Christopher Ray is gonna get fired or resign. There is no way he stays on.


You have got to put the squeeze. I can't emphasize this enough. You have gotta put the squeeze to deep state people. People are policy man. If you have people at the top who don't directly say at the FBII want to see the files on Spygate on what we did with Donald Trump, I want everybody involved in my office. You are never going to get to the proverbial bottom of it. Oh, I hate that expression. You are not Now everyone else is just gonna pretend it didn't happen here. Can I give you a quick example of what I mean in case you think like this is all BS and I'm making this up. Things happen at agencies if the director and the top doesn't pay attention all the time and they'll keep going forever.


Spying unconstitutional activities. When I was a young agent with the Secret Service who used to have this thing called protest zones, you'd go to a site, it's a good quick story, but it, it matters. You would go to a site for the president, they'd say, where's the protest zone where people can protest? Folks, if some of you in the chat see where I'm going with this, what I'm talking about is completely unconstitutional. Dan, you guys did unconstitutional stuff. No one said anything. They did it for probably 30 years and then what happened? Eventually some really smart citizen was like, wait, so I'm a protester at a site where the president's at and anyone can walk down that side of the street?


Anyone? It's not a secure area, but I have to stay in a protest zone. I'm being treated differently because of my speech. It was the easiest slam dunk First Amendment case ever. The Secret Service instantly puts out a memo. There will be no more protest zones as supervisors ensure that the First amendment's respected. And when you ask people why they did it, the answer you got was because that was the way we always did it. People or policy. If you don't get a guy in there who's a constitutionalist, who's the director who goes, Hey wait, we're not allowed to do that. People act like the government is full of these, you know, super geniuses, not you, but liberals and stuff and they're gonna figure this stuff out.


You need a guy to go in there with a hammer and start breaking stuff and cash is the guy and we've gotta push all these people through while this chaos is still going on on the left, they are busy eating themselves alive. My cannibalism theory is real. For those of you who don't know it. The right started ignoring cancel culture on the left a long time ago. Matter of fact, not only did we ignore them, we created an entirely parallel economy. X Rumble Elon, I mean true social parallel economy. We've, we've got Mammoth nation, you've got public sq. We've created an entirely different parallel economy.


We ignore these idiots. Smart companies are ignoring the left DI is dying. The left is never gonna give up the power to cancel. So now that they lost the election in humiliating fashion and everybody's blaming the cancel culture woke morons, right? The woke morons don't know what to do. They can't go out and tell other donors, Hey, we've been wrong the whole time. So the schism developing is shockingly they're getting crazier. The lefty nut bags are getting actually crazier. There's no reckoning happening at all. Cannibalism. They're starting to eat themselves alive, which is a good thing. This is the time. Full speed ahead Gas pedal down to push cash. Patel, Pete had said, Tulsi gabin RFK through.


This is it. Here's what I mean. I want you to watch two absolute lunatics who it's interesting in this segment. The reason I'm playing this segment is these two are big cancel culture advocates and, and Sters. And yet they did stuff that would get anyone else canceled. And yet magically they think the rules don't apply to them. I'll show you what I mean in a second. Here's Joy Reid and Media Matters. Angelo Corone, two life losers talking about how the Trump administration is gonna start shooting people. Bro, this is real. I told you they were gonna get crazier.


Check this out. And the thing is, you cannot drill. You can't say that enough. And, I want to say about that because you're talking about deploying the US military. Remember Mark Esper, who was Donald Trump's secretary of defense for a while, told him, no, you cannot shoot American citizens, you can't have the military shoot American citizens. He's going to replace people in the, in the Department of Defense or people who will say you can and that you can deploy the military against protestors. that you can arrest journalists for reporting things that Donald Trump doesn't like. That sort of thing, right? That is exactly right. What I just got a DM from our good friend Leo Terrell. Listen to this guys. He, he's watching the show. Hey Leo, how are you brother? He's, I can't stop laughing.


Karate man. Can I referee a fight? I'm replaying the video over and over. Hilarious. Yes, Leo, you can referee the fight. You just need to have a doctor immediately on standby for the me and Geraldo. What is the, what is the karate Karate kid? Was it the Mid-Valley Karate Fest or so what was the name of that tournament? Yes. Just have an ambulance on. Standby. Thank you Leo. You see what I'm talking about with the crazy people? The crazy people are gonna go crazier. I'm saying this not to sit here and just randomly cover stuff for this show. It's a busy newsfeed. It's actually a lot going on even though it's Thanksgiving. We're in the middle of a, we're red hot transition. There's a thousand news stories to talk about.


This is the time to Republican leaders, to activists, to candidates getting ready to take office. I'm sorry, we're gonna go eat Turkey on Thanksgiving. But you guys gotta move ahead and move ahead fast. They are in total chaos right now. The left has gone crazier. The moderates, the fake moderates don't know what to do. They're fighting with themselves. This, they're gonna get their sea legs soon. You're gonna see it. You gotta take advantage of it now, by the way, these are their ambassadors. The new left Joy Reid and Angelo Corone Stay tuned. I'm gonna take a quick break and I'm gonna show you something after the break to show you what absolute frauds, these phony, fake, ridiculous life losers on the left are


Omaha Steaks, nothing delivers comfort and joy, quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks this year. Skip the holiday hustle and bustle and say 50% off Sitewide during their cyber sale at Omaha Steaks dot com. Crazy good sales this week. Plus get a $30 reward card when you shop early and score an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino. It's a huge discount. Paul And I stocked our new house with Omaha Steaks. We always do a lot of late night meals. you know, we've been working hard, everybody has with the election. It's good to know you got a nice hot Omaha Steaks. I like to Pittsburgh. It put a little seasoning on the top waiting for you when you get home. With five generations of experience, Omaha Steaks consistently, consistently delivers the world's best steak experience and their gifting experts made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages starting at 89 99 from legendary stakes to mouthwatering desserts and more. Save 50% off Sitewide during the cyber sale at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino and the $30 reward card when you shop early. It's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com and an extra $30 off with promo code bonino O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Thanks Omaha Steaks.


So you just saw these two clowns on camera, joy Reid and Angelo Corone talking about how the military's gonna start shooting people. This is the craziest we've seen, but again, pointing out to you, the left will eat themselves alive, the left will eat themselves alive, and yet they'll absolve themselves of their own responsibility, will abide by the same cancel culture rules. Remember Joy Reid, her homophobic blog, blog post. She claims she had an FBI investigating that because she said someone else did it. You remember this story? MSNBC host Joy Reid says homophobic blog posts were not hers. It's like I got the FBI looking at it. Sure you do joy. Now you see why she's the persistent unchallenged gold medal winner in the dopey media talking head Olympics.


I'm sorry, I don't see her losing anytime soon. And she's on the panel. So Joy Reed, who wants to cancel everybody else, claiming everybody else is an isto folk racist, homophobe, trans phobe. She had an actual homophobic blog. She is still, I believe, misleading us about, let's just say that to be nice. Okay? Misleading may be the nicest way possible. She's talking to another guy who wrote a blog on this is a real story, Angelo, of course, on a Media Matters, who wrote blog posts about quote his words about Japs, the Jew and tranny. Okie dokie. So there you go folks.


You go out on the media, you go out in the media circuit and you tell some story. And the story is no nexus to race whatsoever. And some lefty media matters. People was like, he said the word cloud. So it's code for white. This guy's a white S Oh wait, Wait, eight, eight. How did You know I was going there? How did you, He ran a stab at a cloud. He's a white, the flags were at half ma. I made half staff eight. He's a bunch of closet s This is what you get eight. And again, You get a lady with an actual blog with homophobic posts in it and she's on M-S-N-B-C celebrated with another DBA on there who's got a blog about jewelry, the js and tranny.


Very nice, very nice guys. I mean, what a bunch of slobs these people are. Here's another one, the crazy Sonny Hostin. Sonny Hosan, who has issued 75 different corrections, I believe over that course of exaggerating. Just a, but we're almost there. We're getting there. Slow. Is it three now? Maybe four. He's, oh wait, there's an update, there's nothing. Here's Sonny Hostin, who's been on the view for the last couple of weeks, condemning all of us, calling us all kinds of nasty names. Here's Sonny Hostin finding out on the show that she's the descendant of actual slave holders. Is she gonna be paying reparations? Is she doing it now? Is she giving her salary away?


I'd like to know. Check this out. Wow, I'm, I'm, I'm in a little bit in shock. I, I just always thought of myself as Puerto Rican, you know, half Puerto Rican. I didn't think I was, my family was originally from Spain and slave holders. Yeah. So how are you feeling my friend? I just, I think it's actually pretty interesting that my husband And I have shared roots. Yeah, so I, I do appreciate that And I think it's great for our children to know this information. I guess it's a fact of life that this is how some people made their living on the backs of others.


Listen, can we sarcasm aside for a minute? Close that door. Let's open up serious door. Okay. You understand you the good people watching this show, good and decent people. You are. I get your emails, I'm reading the Rumble chat. I see you guys, your dads, you're busting your ass. Put food on the table for your kids. Get the rent paid, get the mortgage paid. You're walking a dog late at night, getting up in the morning. You have been called the nastiest of names by these people. Because, they hate you. You have done nothing but the right thing in your life. And you have been called the nastiest names.


Racist, trans phobe. Homophobe. You don't hate anybody. You may dislike people who've done you wrong, but you don't hate anyone for characteristics unrelated to personal interaction at all. And the people telling you this are the descendants of slaveholders are a woman who wrote a homophobic blog or had one and claims the FBI's investigating it, being hacked and another guy who condemns conservatives for every single thing they write and fabricates charges of all kinds of nonsense. Who wrote a blog about Jews, the Jew, Japs and and tranny. This is who they are.


So to the people out there thank you on the fence thinking, you know what man, where do I go left or right? At least the right is honest with you. We don't judge anybody by any unrelated characteristics other than how you treat us personally. That's it. Or do you want these other phonies calling everyone else names who are really the bigots themselves? Here's another one who absolutely hates herself. This is, again, the schism is real. We have to move ahead right now. We are running out of time. We have to plow ahead. We've got about a hundred days to make the Trump agenda real. There's no time for bull. This is it. Straight ahead. No time for vacations or nothing.


We gotta plow ahead. You guys enjoy yourself this week, but the the folks in charge right ahead, no breaks. Here's Jennifer Rubin, this absolute crazy person at the Washington Post. This is one of the funniest clips you'll see all week. This happened this weekend too. She is obviously an anti-Trump crazy person. She pretended, I think at one time to be a Republican voice at the Washington Post. There's no one broken more in America by Trump other than her. Here she is hilariously claiming how Trump's cabinet picks are too white. And as advisors, as she puts up a picture on the screen of a bunch of people that aren't white. And she doesn't even catch the irony until like she looks, oh, Oh. yeah. Well let's talk about the other ones.


Not those. This is how crazy they are. Check this out. When you Put up all those faces, it was a thousand shades of white. Have you noticed that? Remember I actually thought as I was reading them, we should certainly circle a, a few of them so that We can say, this is the one I'm talking about now. Yes, exactly. So here we have a little bit more diversity in the slide that you're showing. But the first one, which was the major characters. Yes, it's a thousand shades of white There. There's a Hispanic woman, a black man, an Asian man, and a matter of fact the race of some others, I don't even know in that paddle. That's how quote diverse it is. I don't even know And. I don't even wanna venture a guess. They, they're all white except half the people in there aren't white at all.


This is who these lunatics are to anyone out there still on the fence about left or right Trump or do I go Democrat in the next election? The midterms, as far as I'm concerned, is right around the corner. Please watch this segment. Send it to your friends. At least we're honest with you. We're not BSing people. Okay? These people are full of it, man. They always have been like yourself portrait. Is that her in the background? I didn't even catch that. Is that like what? Look at that. Is that like a caricature of her in the background or is that an actual photo? My eyes say I don know. Not that good. This woman is losing her mind. Man, we broke these people so bad with the election folks. There's no way to easily unwind what's going on here.


The identity politics embedded in the far left, that's gone crazier since the Trump election, right? Definitely crazier the identity politics. I need you to understand this. There's no way to easily unwind this. What they're afraid of is, and I'm gonna take a break, but I want you to remember this during the break, keep this in your head. I'm gonna show you a couple clips on the other side and you'll see what I mean. The reason they're all scared to say the obvious, we gotta get away from this woke stuff. It's killing us, is because there is money in it. There are massive donors out there on the left, billionaires with big money, married to division, because once they divorce us from objective, truth, God, faith, family, male versus female, objective truth, things that are actually true, they will fill in the blank with falsehoods like government's.


Your God. Government takes the place of objective truth. There's a reason they're doing this. That's why they can't unwind this. There are groups pressuring them with big money to say the opposite. Quick break and we'll get right back to the show.


Today's show sponsored by Medi-Share. You heard them in the beginning. Regular listeners to the show know how passionate I am about encouraging you to support companies that share your values and don't give money. Those that don't, you know where it's a huge issue. Healthcare, you may be surprised with some of your, some of these companies are making you pay for things like abortions. You don't wanna pay for that. Why are we financing that death in the womb? And this is a huge reason why Medi-Share is so attractive for people who don't wanna use their own healthcare dollars for procedures that may be harmful. Medi-Share is the reliable, affordable healthcare alternative. They're a nonprofit ministry. It's a community of like-minded Christians, hundreds of thousands of members now, and they help people save money. Many families save around $500 a month and members surveys consistently show they like it because it works and they can believe in it. It's time to join. Go to medshare.com/bonino, find out how you can access affordable, reliable healthcare and become part of a community you can count on. That's medshare.com/bonino. M-E-D-I-S-H-A-R-E medshare.com/bonino. Check 'em out.


Our last sponsor today, Jace, it's been a tough year for a lot of us impacted by hurricanes, emergencies, floods. Here's the thing about emergencies. They're emergencies 'cause they strike without warning. You do not wanna be caught without vital critical medications and antibiotics in an emergency. Folks, I have the solution for you right now to thousands have already discovered me included. It's the JCE case. It's like vase with a J. Go to jce.com and enter code bonino at checkout for a discount on your order. The jce case is a personalized emergency kit that contains essential antibiotics and medications you should have on hand anytime, but especially during disasters from antibiotics to EpiPens and more. JCE will provide a kit of essentials you need. All it takes to get a jce case is to visit jce.com, fill out a simple online form, review the terms, and as soon as JCE Medical has a physician evaluate your request, the JCE case could be on its way to you. So go to jce.com and enter code bon Gino at check out for a discount on your order. That's promo code B-O-N-G-I o@jse.com. Chase medical and products are not attended as a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider. Thank you, chase.


Here's what I mean. I told you to keep in mind, this is all about money. There are a big, huge communist socialist interest groups and billionaire donors interested in division. And the best way to foster division is to get people to believe what's true isn't true. There aren't two sexes. There's no God, your values come from government. That's why they're married to identity politics. I want you to watch these couple segments from the Bill Marsh show this weekend. Neil deGrasse Tyson is a very smart astrophysicist. He's also a very dumb political commentator. He is the, he is the epitome of what we call what guys This. He's the stupid smart person. This is a guy whose IQ is probably seriously 1 41 35. Absolute genius when it comes to astrophysics.


He is, he's super smart. He also knows Jack shit and Jack left town about politics and human behavior because he's, he, the example of the stupid smart person is the brain surgeon who comes to your house and goes, Hey man, you know your oil needs changing. you know I can do that. I'm a brain surgeon. You're like, yeah, but you operate on brains. That's pretty odd. Have you ever changed oil? No, but I'm a brain surgeon. Yeah, but you don't know anything about changing oil. That's, you know, deGrasse Tyson, he can tell you anything about black holes. Super smart. Doesn't know anything about human impulses and human behavior. Here he is arguing about, with Bill Maher about men in women's sports. And he cannot state the obvious that this was a stupid political move. That men are more obviously more powerful than women in sports when it comes to muscle development.


Things like that. He just can't admit it. But he's an astrophysicist. They can't dial this back. Check this out. Engage with The idea here. What I'm asking is, scientific American is saying basically that the reason why an N-B-A-W-N-B-T-A team can't beat the Lakers is because of societal biases. What You're saying is not scientific. American says that an editor for Scientific American says that who no longer has the job? So don't indict 170 year old magazine because somebody, okay, This is called Scientific American and they're printing something that's 'cause someone enters the cesspool that is social media and then participates. This is in that exchange.


I So, so why can't you just, let's talk about science. Why can't you just say this is not scientific and scientific American should do better. They can't Because. they are what folks put it in the chat. Stupid smart people. There is nothing, there is no bigger plague on society than the stupid smart person. They start nuclear wars, they get people killed by the hundreds of millions. They try to organize society outside of their area of expertise. Stupid smart people. Yes. Who just said it? Marin. Marin will. Stupid smart. Yes.


Stupid smart people. They screw up everything. They don't unders. They've got a PhD in North Argentinian wine sales and they think they can sell you a freaking Coors Light outta Colorado or whatever. They don't know anything about beer. They do wine or a vaccine or a vaccine or masks or anything else. Folks, I'm serious, man. I'm not messing around. I read this piece this morning somewhere. How it's, it was I. think I saw it on X. How the left idolizes people like Fauci, Neil Degrass Tyson, and these really ridiculously smart people who simply cannot stay in their lane and they'll take their advice on anything, even if they contradict themselves.


They are in love with pseudo expertise. You are in love with something different. you know what it's called? It's called experience. And that's why you're smart, smart people because you guys, you got an HVAC guy out there. Listen, anyone in the chat do HVAC repairs. I bring it up because these HVAC systems are, you know, air conditioning, heating, ventilation systems, they're ridiculously complicated. You have to be super smart to know what you're doing with that. you are an hvac, HVAC guys are, are you gonna go operate through a tracheotomy on someone who's choking? No. You're gonna call a doctor. 'cause that's not what you do. You fix and repair complicated HVAC systems. That's why you are smart.


You are the smart, smart people. The lefties are the stupid smart people here. Here's another clip. Here's Donna Brazil on Bill Marsh Show. She simply cannot admit that society, same people are really exhausted with the woke pseudoscience. Stupid smart people woke bs. She can't admit it because once they admit it, the whole house of cards on the left dries up and the money dries up too from the commies. Check this out. Well, I do believe that they made significant gains. There's no question immigration became an issue, but I'm not gonna get into this. Oh, the people are too damn woke. That wasn't a issue.


What happened? Yeah, it was, I disagree with you. I know, and that's why you're gonna keep losing no, man. Look, I mean, it's not to go. Okay, but not to go back to the why, Why do you think that? Why do you think that after You see, they keep telling them lies. Donna Brazil is absolutely committed to this lie that woke men can be women, women can be men. I should use GI XO pronouns. I should call myself them even though it's plural and I'm a singular, it doesn't matter. They will keep barreling. I'll keep barreling ahead because there's money in, in, in hoisting bullshit on their backs.


They will not give this up. The here's the good news. The bad news is the left is gonna get crazier. The good news is, folks, we plow ahead. I'm telling you, We can make this party irrelevant if they stick to this stuff. I'm not a huge fan of this guy. Obviously put hearts, but I don't, again, I'm a spreadsheet guy. I don't get emotional. He's actually right with this tweet. He's like, Hey, fascinating stuff going on. The politics editor at the Wall Street Journal's laid off today, Washington Post, a national letter was removed. The Washington Bureaury with the New York Times replaced a few days ago. Ms. NBC's getting ready to sell tectonic plates or chi. He's right. Why? Because the left has gotten crazier. And so many people on their side of the aisle, the M-S-N-B-C, New York Times reader are starting to realize that you know what, I don't wanna be lied to anymore with this.


Men can be women. Nonsense. The collusion hoax. I don't wanna be lied to about the Hunter Biden laptop anymore. It's happening. He's correct. Tectonic plates are shifting. There is a portion of the Democrat party. It's small. It's small, but that's starting to wake up and they are gonna get their sea legs under 'em. Folks, it's like getting hit with that devastating too, that right cross. All of a sudden you're like, you're wobbly. You ever take a liver shot? It takes a couple minutes, man to get your, but you, you know, you go sit down. I promise you, you're gonna get back in the fight. Or maybe not after a good liver shot, but this is the time. This is what you, the, the media is an absolute chaos. They keep lying to people and Now, all of a sudden they're afraid of lawsuits here.


Unbelievably, this is, I I can't believe we're playing this again and again. This is shockingly, you know where I'm going with this, folks in the chat. Anybody know? Okay, I love, I love the interaction in the chat. Does anybody know where I'm going with this? It happened again, you know, let's see if anyone gets it. See legs? No. She's a loser. I'm reading the cha. Winning. Yeah, yeah. Anyone, what am I, where are we going with this? Painters? My liver. Enough is enough. Come on, someone get it? Someone, Sonny. Yes. Who said it? Who said it? Red State Deplorable. Red State Deplorable. You nailed it. Yes. A third correction on the view this past week from Sonny Hostin.


How many times are you gonna lie to people and make stuff up and have to issue corrections or mislead people on the air that you gotta do this? How embarrassing. Check this out. I have a legal note. Do you wanna take this one? Joy or you get it? Kate has long denied all allegations and has not been charged with any crime. That's true. Also, another legal note. Pete Hegseth lawyer said he paid the woman in 2023 to head off the threat of a baseless lawsuit. Oh, he has denied any wrongdoing. That's interesting. Pay off the, the, the witness. Now, I, I can't believe this.


I'm not even sure this is, you sure this is an AI or something? I get in here today, And I. 10 minutes before the show I'm recording spots for the radio and Justin's like, dude, there's another legal note. I'm like, I think he's kidding. Like they got a shtick going like Theo thing in the beginning of tale of the Tape. He's like, I said, play it. And, I. Want to hear it? There's been another one. How much of this can you possibly take? Here it is. Legal note number four, check this out. Sorry everyone, I have another legal note. Oh, my god, both Trump and Pam Bondi have denied allegations of Aquid Pro quo. That his past donation played any role in her office's decision to not take legal action against Trump University when she was, of course the Attorney General of Florida.


Oh, this show is gonna be just legal notes and things were selling. We're all sitting here in the studio. Is this real? Is is this really happening? You see why the schism is so beneficial to us, this absolute chaos where all they're doing is going on the air saying something that causes obviously a legal defamation problem correcting themselves. Eventually, you absolutely run outta credibility where the pseudo normies on your side are like, man, I've had enough of this crap. How much more of this can I possibly take? Here's a segment where you're gonna, me, Kelly did this just, this was fantastic.


Folks. They're trying to, to dial back to beginning of the show, the left wing media has lost all clout. That Jim Vander High from Axio. You see that viral clip this week where he's like, absolutely melting down. I'll play it tomorrow on the show. The Axios communist guy. He's like melting down that he's not the news anymore. Well, you know, we get up in the morning. We were, they're so pissed off that shows like this Thanksgiving week, we're closing in on 160,000 people right now. This is crazy. That is a massive audience. They, they're even 160,000 people left in the United States that are on the road. They're all watching our show. We, nobody can beat us. Nobody beats us. Nobody in the news space beats us. We're number one. We are number one.


This, bonino army. Pick up your shirt today for the holidays, by the way store. Do bonino.com.


This is bonino army is kicking ass and taking aims. Nobody in the news beats us. Matter of fact, nobody even comes close. We keep kicking everyone's ass in the space. you know why? Because this show is for real and it's authentic. There are other great shows out there too, though. I always like to cross promote other people's content because the movement's not about me. It's about a movement. That's why I promote other people's stuff. Some don't. I do. It's my choice. Megan Kelly's got a really good show. Here's Megan. I'm with Jillian Michaels. She was a very popular personality in the fitness space. Jillian Michael's been a big proponent of health and fitness. I think she's a big backer of RFK two at HHS.


But here she is explaining to Gillian Michaels how the lying Bs nonsense Garbage media is now pushing yet another Russia hoax on Tulsi Gabbard. Why are they doing this? Because her hearing's coming up in the next couple months for the confirmation process for the DNI and they wanna make sure that they shred her reputation before that. It's all a hoax. Of course. It doesn't matter though, ruining people's lives. That's what the left Winging Media does. It's a good clip. Check this out. This Was started by Hillary Clinton. Yay. She started the Tul because Tulsi was a rising star with a democratic politics. She had all the boxes checked, right? She was a woman, she was a minority.


She was the first this and the first that, right? And she was a combat vet. Beautiful. Well-spoken like amazing and then she started to be kind of open-minded to what Bernie Sanders was saying. Oh, and maybe had some problems with the Hillary Clinton messaging and having Hillary shoved down our throat as the Democratic nominee back in 16. Yes. And spoke up about it and started to make enemies in the party because of that. And then was outraged when she found out the DNC cheated on behalf of Hillary to try to make sure she got the nomination and screwed Bernie. And she was angry and a, and a rift was formed. Then Hillary Clinton called her a Russian asset.


Just like Hillary Clinton's campaign was the one that made up that Donald Trump was a Russian asset. It is Thanksgiving week. What does that have to do with that clip? Folks, I want you all to really enjoy yourselves this week. I want you to look around and really give thanks for who we are. I was out this weekend, like I said, I was at Blackbird down in the Jupiter area down in one of my favorite restaurants. And. I was at the mall and I'm sitting at the mall and I'm buying sneakers. So if you were the guy who ran into me in the store I was buying the sneakers at, so I had had a rough day yesterday. A lot of stuff happened. I'm just getting sick of like political people and stuff.


That's why I'm so glad. Like I can be out here with you guys in the army and just do what we do best. I, I hate political people. I can't stand at it. They're all a bunch of bottom feeder losers, right? So had a bit of a rough day yesterday trying to like get some people on the straight and narrow who just are totally screwing stuff up. So I'm sitting in this store, true story and you know, I'm getting ready to try these sneakers on. So I'm sitting down on like, you know, a little bench type thing and Paula is, so I was having a rough day. I had a little bit of a fight with my daughter and it was really personally like what do I, who cares? I mean, I'm telling you all stupid stuff for, but you know, I have rough days like anyone else. So I'm sitting down just like this and Paula comes up, And I lean my head up against her hip and she's like kind of just like rubbing my head in this store.


She's like, you know, it's cool man. Like we'll get through to today. Like don't even worry about it. It was kind of like one of those tender moments you have with your spouse, your wife or your boyfriend, your girlfriend. you know what I'm talking about? My TA turning my mad card or whatever. Someone actually gave me a mad card to turn in. There it is right there. I had a book signing. So this guy comes by and in that little moment he's like, oh my gosh, it is damn bunch, you know? And I I said, yeah, yeah man, it's me. And we chatted for a few minutes and it was just really nice to feel like I was part of something special. Man. I want you guys to feel good. And if they went into this Thanksgiving week, you know, it made me feel really good. And I needed it. Everybody out there who comes up to me and sees me in the sneaker place or elsewhere, everyone says the same thing.


I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulder like I've been let outta prison with the election. I feel like This isn, big thing's coming. And I wanna tell you instead of talking in, you know, other worldly superlatives and other nonsense, I wanna ground it for you folks. The Doge. What? Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami, this project they're gonna take on the Department of Government efficiency is a huge deal. Now you can argue all you want if you're a big government lefty economy. Well, the Doge isn't really a government bureau. They don't have any real power. You don't understand political power. If you think the guy Elon Musk with the biggest news platform in the world, who is gonna start opening the books on government inefficiency and exposing it?


You don't think that's Power Brother? Then get the hell out of the political business. You are too stupid to provide analysis. Go sit down in a corner with your dopey dun cap on. If We can cut waste out of the government folks, even a little bit of it. If We can blow up the potential for ai, why not letting it blow us up with the just unbelievable advances in medical technology right around the corner. If We can get the government out of the freaking way, I keep saying it, with material sciences and quantum computing, we are on the verge of something spectacular.


I mean it, the economy is getting ready to explode. So I'm gonna do one of these quick economic segments. First folks, I just wanna debunk this nonsense because we finally got the data from 2022. The tax data always comes in behind, always damn approaching 2025. We just got the data for 2022. Okay, this is the last full data set. We have the richer, still paying the most of the taxes. The average income tax rate in 2022 was 14.5%. Those evil one percenters paid a 23% average rate, six times higher. They add in the data that the top 1% only earned 22% of the income and paid 40% of the taxes on income.


Now that's the bad news. First, the bad news that they're lying about what the rich do, the top 1% pay 40 cents of every income tax dollar. So they're bullshitting you. But here's the good news. Red states right now are exploding. That is why conservatives, republicans, libertarians, and MAGA supporters are exiting blue states, piling into red states, making it demographically impossible for the Democrats to gain a long-term foothold in our politics because the House of Representatives and electoral college relies on population. Here's Stephen Moore job market update. Idaho Red Idaho is soaring with job creation leading the recovery post pandemic.


Look at all the states that are exploding right now. Utah, Texas, Florida, exploding with growth in contrast to dc, Illinois, New York, California. Folks, look at this chart right here. Look at all the states at the top. Their red states, the population transfer is going to decimate the Democrat's chances of any long-term political movement, they have buried themselves in socialist, communist economic policies and there is no demographic trend working from. Look at the bottom, look at the bottom. Illinois, Maryland, Hawaii, district of Columbia. Yeah, I mean these are all states that are district, Connecticut, Rhode Island, there's a couple of red states in there, but very few.


You'll see exactly what's happening. Now I want you to watch this clip from the All In podcast. This is a tech investor, very smart guy, Chamath Powell, AYA. He was never a big Trump guy or Republican, but he's kind of come over a little bit to our side and the politics. That's why I like to hear what the other side is saying. Very smart guy though. Here he is right here talking about if we could just get Trump to clean up the tax code with a flatter tax, where we're not paying a thousand different accountants, you know, $22 billion a year to clean up our taxes because no one can figure out what they owe or who they owe what to. If we could just clean that up and get a flat tax, the economy would explode.


We got an opportunity to do really big stuff. The Doge cuts government spending and we clean up This isn tax code folks, you are going to be rich man. We are gonna be living in a brave new world. And I ain't talking about Aldi Huxley. Check this out. Yes. So Could you imagine if these guys basically use Doge as a mechanism to shrink the tax code, create a flat tax potentially. I know that that has to be passed by Congress, I understand that, but the idea of just cutting this all the way down and then finding through that process, what you actually need, I think can find America a hundred, 200 basis points of GDP growth.


It could be an economic renaissance, Folks, he's not kidding. We are on the verge of something incredibly special. I am not pumping sunshine up your caboose on Thanksgiving week. I'm telling you, we have an opportunity in the next two years before the midterms to completely change the direction of the country. Do I, I know I'm, I, I was young when it happened. And, I. Don't wanna get outta my lane, but I do remember the eighties. Okay? I was born in 1974 by the end of Ronald Reagan's second term, you know, I was, I was 10 years old, obviously in 19 84, 14 years old in 88. I remember there, there was nothing like it.


Did any anyone in the chat? Remember? I know we have a pretty, you know, relatively young audience, but do you remember what those years were like? It was almost like zero unemployment. Everybody had not only a job, but a good job. People felt good. The Soviet Union fell. Everybody was buying stuff. I mean, everybody was just doing great. We are, we have the opportunity right now to do that again. And if We can just do a couple of simple things and get the Democrats out of our way, you will see we will be there again. Here's what I mean, political. The Democrats, I told you they get their sea legs. They're already getting ready to stop us from deportations. Folks, we need to get rid of the criminals and bad guys in our society here illegally, because they're the ones not forget about economic growth.


They're sucking the life out of our population in the non figurative sense. You have people here who are murderers, sex offenders. We know the numbers. They've gotta go. Democrats are already trying to block it, already trying to block it. They don't even care that the public polling, as you can see from this article in the hill, what, 54 percent of Americans back mass deportation of immigrants. They notice how they leave the illegal portion out. Immigrants like they're coming after you if you're here illegally. They are not doing that. Folks, this is a drain on our society. Having people here illegally who are committing crimes for, I mean, obvious reasons, We can just get the Democrats out of our way for the next two years and operate while they're still a little confused.


We have the chance for something really special to happen. I wanna play this clip for you too. And I. I hate clips of myself. I I don't because it's kind of stupid. Like, Hey, here's me, but these things randomly pop up online. And I saw this one little bit viral this weekend, actually. Love it. You look at the views on it on Twitter and people are like, wow, Dan, when did you do that? I think they thought it was yesterday or something. This happened, I don't know. Four or five years ago, I went and did a hearing up on Capitol Hill where I was a guest of the Republicans and it was about the defund, the police BS that was destroying public safety in America. And I had forgotten this had happened, and the new Democrat minority leader in the house who took over for Nancy Pelosi, the hapless Hakeem Jeffries, it's quick, but me and him, this, this clip is actually long I don't have the rest of it, but me and him went at it over the whole BLM movement and defund the police here.


It was just a short clip. This was funny when it happened. I think this guy thought like, yo, I'm reclaiming my time. Reclaiming my time. It's a people's time. Your time. We pay you, you work for us. Watch this. Mr. Bonino. Patrick KSUs was white. Is that correct, Sir? I have no idea of his, I don't know his parentage. He was white. Again, I don't know why you're making a racial thing Re reclaiming my time. Yeah, because Black Lives Matter, sir. Yeah, all lives matter, sir. Every single life matters. White, black, Asian, professor Butler. I forgot that happened, but Justin tied it up nicely. I do own shirts with buttons on 'em.


And, I actually have a tie. I got the Poll results. There's a Poll result. If I should actually go buy some, what are they? Oh my gosh, man, this is really bad. Bino. Thank you. I'm definitely gonna have to go buy some new clothes. They're okay with you wearing? Oh, they're okay with, oh, good. Good. 'cause I, I, I, I, I don't, I don't like, I don't wanna wear that I. Don't wanna wear that. I'm sorry. I, I think if the Trump team did call me, which they have not, and asked me to take the Secret Service job I, think I'd have to say no. Only 'cause I have to be back in a tie. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'd be, but that would be in my head. Like, do I gotta put a tie on for that? Because you know my elbows, I actually can't physically put a tie on. Right? Like I can't, Paula's gotta do it. I'm not even kidding. My elbows don't work. No joke. But I did buy some shirts with buttons. I'll take a picture for at least a 4%.


We gotta take care. There's a vocal minority, so you guys are out there too.


Folks, we had a huge day at Rumble today. Massive signing. The Rumble is blowing up. Today we are signing big names. Doctor Disrespect from the gaming community, rumbles exploding. Gaming, sports, entertainment, politics. If you were ever gonna pick a time to believe in Rumble, it's now you can help us out. We are the free speech alternative to YouTube. The company's absolutely blowing up. I'm so happy to be a part of it. Please go download the free Rumble app in the app store. Or if you wanna just give us a follow on the web, it's Rumble dot com slash bonino. Join us every day for the live chat at 11:00 AM 162,000 on a Thanksgiving week. Man, And. I, have it. I'm working. There are seven people watching someone know it. True numbers probably four or five times. Who is that Freak Fighter? Thank you. Yeah, you're right. It's probably over 200, which is crazy. I love it. I love being part of this live streaming movement. Bonino Army. Love you guys. Please download the Rumble app and give us a follow on Apple podcast and Spotify as well. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in just a few minutes. I'm back here, live at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then. You Just heard the damn Bonino show.