
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino. Folks, one of the worst things you can do in the business is to tell someone what's not on today's show, but on tomorrow's show, right? I promise. Today's show is a banger too. But I am tidying up a show tomorrow, Friday that you can't miss. I have got some information from a source about the pipe bomber that I have been double and triple checking to be sure because multiple people are telling me they think the same story is accurate based on receipts they have.


So tomorrow's show, I'll kind of hint at it a little bit today too. I'm not trying to save it till tomorrow. I just wanna make sure cherry on top. This thing is right. So media people get your pens out tomorrow and By the way. Big happy anniversary to my lovely spouse, the lovely paulita. 21 years. It's like our drinking age, marriage anniversary. Is that a thing? I think it's like, is that a thing? Like you can now drink officially and it's now we just made it one. Paula has said it was a thing, so it's now a thing as here you go. We just made it a thing.


Hey beam's, labor Day sales here has never been a better time to finally try Beam's Dream powder. So it's been a game changer for me. Find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


Okay, today's show, the beginning's gonna be important though. Get ready for something big that's gonna happen in this election. I'm gonna show you how they're already kind of putting out these little trial balloons and poking and they're waiting to see if we poke back. If we don't, they're gonna poke harder and harder. I've got the receipts to show you in the video and you'll see what I mean.


Hey, Burnout, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes your way. You've gotta get that threat away from you. But imagine there's a way to defend yourself and deescalate the situation without the irreversible consequences deadly force. Well, there is burnout's gotta a non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo. I have one, I love it. It can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go def con one. We just need protection to ensure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I've trained with firearms for many years. Let tell you, the burner pistol they sent me, it's really easy to learn and operate. you don't on a firearm, it's an amazing option to have. It's made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and it's shipped right to your door. How do you get one? You go to bya.com/dan now you'll even get an exclusive 10% discount. That's B-Y-R-N-A-B-Y-R NNA bya.com/dan. Check it out. You won't regret it.


All right, fellas, let's go. Before we get to that stuff, I want you to know I'm being serious here. It's not my usual sarcasm. There was a very serious disagreement if we should open up the show this way today. I took a poll, Avita Michael and half of Justin were with me. He was half and half. Gee was against. So I get voicemails from crazy deranged liberals all the time. It happens probably three or four times a week where they'll call, they'll threaten me. And I. I don't talk about it often because I hate when these whiny leftists, they're like, look at you violent MAGA people.


For as much as I dislike liberals and Democrats, I don't blame peaceful liberals and Democrats for the stuff other morons do. So don don't wanna get on the air like a snowflake and be like, oh my gosh, someone threatened me. Oh, poor me. I'm just telling you, between you, me and the NSA here, it happens all the time. So last night some lunatic calls my phone like 20 or 30 times in a row. Of course, I just do what I always do. I just keep the thing on do not disturb. You can call all night And, I, gotta get through it doesn't really matter. However, decides to leave a voicemail, I'm gonna warn you a heavily warn you in advance, the language here is repulsive.


There are really nasty bigoted attacks in this thing, but I'm, I'm only saying this because the liberal maniacs that do call me and leave these voicemails and send me horrible messages. Always, always use these terms every time. I could put it up for you on the screen, right? It's the weirdest thing. They claim to be L lgbtqia, A BIC plus activists and supporters. And yet every time they use this language, heavy, heavy language alert. If you have kids in the car, it's about 30 seconds. I would definitely turn this down, but you need to see how these people really are.


This is like the hundredth one I've got of these. You ready? All right, play it. Hey Dan, I heard you were a little fucking whiny ass snowflake pussy goddamn fascist, fucking little faggot. Well, guess what, bitch? Your antichrist Trump is going down in November. Your new God is Kamala and there's not a goddamn mother fucking thing that you are stupid goddamn fucking fascist, fucking traitor ass can do about it.


You little fucking goddamn cunt. You fucking pussy, you little fucking piece of shit. Fuck you bitch. Told you I gee did not want me to play it. Everyone else agreed. No, you, the country should see who these people are. Again, I'm not blaming every liberal or Democrat, I'm just telling you I have, I get these all the time. And the anti-gay slurs, racial slurs, the C word bombs, which I don't say, I mean my language isn't terrific, but it's always an angry liberal.


Now I just wanna take a quick poll because If, I do this in the future. I really, the show's for you, it's not for me. I know what's in my head. The show's for you. Bino, please get on the case. Should I play those occasionally or is it too much? I really 'cause the show's for you. Yes, play them and let us see what you have to deal with. Or no, it's too much. We don't need to hear that stuff. And. I. Just wanna say I resolutely object to the language in there. It's just this is how liberals are And, I don't know about you, but I've never in my life ever thought of calling a political opponent of which I have a lot and leaving an insane, deranged, bigoted, just like lunatic padded room style voicemail like that in my entire life.


I mean, just crazy. So Bacino get on the case? Yeah. Okay, good. I'm I I see. Gee, my judgment's correct again. Again, gee goes down in flames. You, wow, gee, real like the chat is on. Gee, you are getting smoked right now. Maybe the next here, here's the next poll. Should we fire? Gee, I'm kidding. We love GI wouldn't listen anyway. I love G's the best. No, he does have good judgment, but he doesn't, he's very defensive of the audience and he thinks the language is so bad. But, I. Think the point that the language is so bad is one of the reasons we should play it. This is who these people are. Okay, let's get back to the show.


Get, Ready, For Something Big before the election. Now folks, anybody can throw that out there. Okay? Oh, get ready for something big. I have produced a number of receipts and facts and data points to back up that the left is preparing some wicked October surprise. They are gonna somehow folks flags in the chat too. Not to keep the chat. We're gonna break this chat any second. Now poor rumble's gonna melt down the servers like this. Smoking, fire alarms are going off right now. Flags in the chat please. There we go. Thank you. 93%, only 7%. So they, that's unanimous. I most negative. I will continue. I know seven, but still that's a heavy 93 to seven So. We are gonna continue to play. I won't do it too much, I promise, but the but those ones like that, I'll play for you that way you see what you're dealing with.


Flags in the chat please. The arrest of the telegram, CEO I'm convinced is part of a new Russiagate coming up. don don't know how they're gonna do it exactly, but there was a raid recently on two specific figures who have done some commentary with a Russia base network. They're gonna somehow, I believe, tie that in the arrest of the telegram CEO to some fake phony Russian effort again to steal the election. I know what you're thinking. There's no way they're gonna go back to Russiagate part seven. Yes they will because the media, I promise, will cover for them.


Don't tell me what they won't do. Tell me what they did. Because what they did, the the the past is prologue. They will do again. Here's what I mean. In addition to the telegram, CEO who is I'm almost a hundred percent to certain, gonna be tied to some Russiagate fake story again, and you, you got the flag in the chat. They're also starting to panic. They're starting to real. If Kamala Harris is really up seven points in this poll we just saw coming out today, which is ridiculous. Again, I'm not a red wave guy as you know. I don't buy any of this Kamala Harris BS at all. This is all AstroTurf folks.


There is zero chance she is up seven nationally. Zero, zero. If they were up by that amount, they would not be panicking like this. Cornell West is a very, very far left guy, extremely far left guy. You may have seen him on on Fox and other CNN networks and elsewhere. He's been around forever. Cornell West is running too. Well, his name is on the Michigan ballot. A state that if Kamala Harris is up and you believe the polls, I don't if you do, she's only up by a little and it's within the margin of error. So the Democrats remark remarkably are trying to pull Cornell West's name from the ballot 'cause he's liberal and may pull from Kamala Harris while simultaneously keeping RFK on the ballot to siphon votes from Trump.


Here's Cornell West in a media hit directly saying that someone's been offering to pay off some of his campaign debt to, to make sure he gets off the ballot. You wanna talk about collusion? It's right here. This isn't me saying it. This is him saying it. Listen, Did they, just one more on this. Did they offer you, did they offer you a, a cabinet position, a lower position and offer to pay off any of your campaign debt? Well, they, they offered serious, substantive conversation about all of those that could lead toward, you know what I mean?


And Now folks, keep in mind if the situation were reversed and the RNC was throwing around money to get people off the ballot, it would be the biggest freaking media story of our time. But because it's the left in Cornell West Right over the head, no one wants to talk about it. But the good news is, you are here on the most popular livestream news program in the world, the Bonino army. We dominate And, we make no apologies for it. We dominate cable news, everything else.


So you're ahead of the story. Now, if the Republicans had any cojones, they'd be investigating this right now. 'cause that sounds like a pretty serious charge. Sounds like election interference to me. Greg Price is all over this on Twitter. He's like, you can't make this up. The Michigan Secretary of State, Jocelyn Benson is denying RFKs request to remove his name from the ballot, but just attempted to remove Cornell West from the ballot. Losing a court case, she's now appealing. Sounds to me like election interference. You see what she's doing, right? I mean, I, I'm sorry to misstate the obvious, but Cornell West is a very far left liberal.


So people who don't like Kamala Harris, now that she's flip-flopping on some of these positions might vote for Cornell West and siphon votes from Harris RFKs now endorse Trump. So if they really don't like Trump and RFK is on the ballot, but they hate Kamala Harris, now they have an option. You see exactly what she's doing right? There appears to be a massive colluding, a colluding circle of people interfering in the election in a critical swing state that could very well decide this entire election. Now again, in case you think that I'm crazy when I say something big is about to happen before the election, they are not going By the way tomorrow.


I hate to keep teasing tomorrow, I'm sorry, but I'm still putting it together. I've got an exhaustive segment tomorrow on voting machines as well and why we're gonna need paper ballots as a backup doesn't mean don't vote folks, this may be our last chance to save this thing, but it doesn't mean be stupid either about the potential for hacking. I'm gonna show you left wingers talking about it. So when they say, oh, it's a conspiracy theory, you'll know what I'm talking about. But why am I bringing this up in the context of this segment, folks, they are not gonna lose this thing without every possible legal, illegal, immoral, and unethical effort to stop Donald Trump.


They're not. And I'm just begging you as a friend, listen to me please. I am your friend. I promise you I have no dog in this fight. My skin in the game is purely, purely ideological. I wanna advance conservatism. I think Donald Trump's the best vehicle to do it. I'm telling you right now, we have got to win this thing and they are not gonna stop. I'm trying to get you mentally prepared. That way you can respond immediately on Twitter, Facebook true social, and you are ready. And that way you won't be swayed. Say you're a moderate, some people listen to the show who aren't really diehard conservatives. I don't want you to be swayed by bullshit narratives going forward.


Here's the same Secretary of State in Michigan, Jocelyn Benson issuing a just like Merrick Garland the other day, threatening people using the January thing. You saw it, I played the video the other day. Here's the Michigan Secretary of State again in a not even veiled threat that you better damn well certify this election. Even if you have questions, it's just not a veiled threat she makes. It's an open one. You think they're gonna go down quietly. Good luck. Check this out. If someone were to violate the law and not certify the election at the local level, we will come for you.


So any local certifier thinking of skirting the law and not certifying the vote, don't even think about it because we'll get Well folks, again, folks in the chat, you, you, you think, I'm just throwing this out there. It's a conspiracy. They're a cons conspiracy theory from who you just heard her say it. She's threaten along with Merrick Garland. They are threatening you. They have to certify the what If there's something legitimately wrong with the election, like the vote count doesn't match up with the amount of people who showed up to vote, you better certify it. Winky Winkie, no nod or we'll be cracking down on you too.


Remember January 6th folks? We're living in a police state. Now I did a whole movie on this entire movie on this. You're living in a police state right now, not tomorrow. Look at this now. This tweet out of out of Brazil, the Brazilian Supreme Court going after Elon Musk. Now you've got the telegram, CEO now being charged indicted in France. You got the telegram, CEO, you now got this. The Brazilian Supreme Court minister, Alexandre Deros has issued a summons for Elon Musk and threatened to ban X in Brazil in 24 hours. You think this is an accident that we're 60 plus days out from the most important election to overturn global elites in the swamp, their hegemonic rule over the entire globe for the last 50, 60 years.


You think this is all an accident. There isn't a single show that is gonna prepare you better for what's coming in this show. Folks, be ready. This is why, again, can I say this one last time? And I I, I'm apologizing in advance for the redundancy But I promise you and assure you I am deeming it absolutely critical to to winning this election. You have got to vote early and bank your vote. If there are problems with the machines, which there will be. If there is is A-D-D-O-S attack on election day, which I believe there may be.


The DHS is already hinting at it, whether intentional or not, they're hinting at it. If we have a Maricopa County, Arizona situation, well we're outta printing paper. We can't print the ballots. If you vote early, you will have time to fix it. And for all the people reaching out to me with legitimate, I get it. Legitimate. Fair questions like, well, doesn't that give them time to figure out how many votes they need to cheat? If they're going to cheat, they're going to cheat on election day two and you'll have no time to detect it. There's this is hands down a ground ball decision. Vote early, vote early the day, the polls open, vote early.


Go to your county Board of Elections website. Every single county in the country has one. Everyone and you. It'll say check voter status and you can see if they registered your vote, screenshot it. Take a picture of it. You if, if something happens and it says you didn't vote when you did, you now have two to three weeks depending on how long early voting is in some states, some states don't have it long at all. Some don't have it. You can. You can figure it out. Please bank the vote. We can fight for a national election day with paper ballots in the once we win, we can't now we don't have it now.


We have to fight the fight in front of us, not the fight after the fight in front of us because If, we don't survive the fight in front of us. There is no other fight. I'm only telling you this is a friend, folks, I'm not vo I, I, I, I, excuse me. I'm not on the ballot. I'm not voting for myself. I'm not asking you for anything. I'm asking you to support other people. One more thing. I saw some of these Senate candidates are down in the polls, but Trump's head, if you're voting for Trump, you have got to vote down ballot Republican. Some of them suck. You are correct. Some of them are gonna suck. Let me just get it out in advance. You are correct. Some suck. Some suck really bad. Some are actually pretty good.


The problem is they will never suck as bad as the Democrat who impeached them will impeach Donald Trump the minute he gets in there. Please listen to me on this. I'm asking you as a friend, let me take a quick break and the FBI folks at it, again, they can't determine the motive for the guy who shot Donald Trump in the head. Folks, man, we're gonna light this chat on fire today. Anybody in the chat? If a guy with an AR platform rifle shoots former President Trump in the head and unloads seven additional rounds in addition to the one that hit Trump in the head, what do you think his motive would be?


You guys knock that out in the chat. What do you think his motive would be? Throw that out there. The FBI can't figure it out folks. They old tricks are backing. This is why nobody trusts these people. Quick break. We'll get back to that with a new story about that.


Hey, getting a good night's sleep is really important to your overall wellness. Hey man, I'm not messing with you. I got a new Helix since I moved in the new place. It is just the most comfortable thing. I will not sleep on anything different. The only problem is when you go to hotels, be a one this weekend. It's hard to sleep because you're not on your Helix mattress. Helix offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning Lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kids Mattress is designed for growing bodies. Helix is H-E-L-A-X. Take their sleep quiz, find a perfect mattress in under two minutes. Your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. That's how confident they are. Every Helix mattress is a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combination of both comfort and support. Even better. The setup is fast and really easy. Helix is offering 25% off home mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/dan. That's Helix sleep.com/dan. It's their best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now. Check 'em out. Appreciate you supporting our sponsors. They keep the show free for you. Good companies, folks.


The FBI is at it again. you know, I I I have been told by trusted sources that the guy leading, I'm just passing the information. Do not kill the messenger. I'm telling you what I've been told. It doesn't mean I believe it, do we? Is everybody cool with that? Okay, thank you. This is important 'cause I get a whole bunch of feedback as if I'm saying it. I have been told that the investigator running from the FBI, I should say the lead investigator from the FBI running the investigation into the Butler County assassination site is a pretty straight laced guy. I don't know him. I don't send me a message on Rumble.


Whatcha saying to? I'm not saying it. I'm telling you what someone told me who I trust, period. You do it at what you want. However, after yesterday's press conference, again, I'm starting to throw cold water on that because it doesn't make any sense. If these guys were straight laced investigators, then they would tell the truth. It is fairly obvious what this guy's motive was and before anyone on the other side, liberals jumped down my throat. Well, how would you know? What's your experience? Gee, I don't know, maybe six, seven years doing protective intelligence investigations between the New York field office and the Long Island Field office.


What? What's your experience? I, what's yours? Oh, nothing. So you can shut the MM, the Las Vegas shooting. We don't have a motive. The Nashville shooter, we don't have a motive yet. When some lunatic attacks, CNN headquarters, they're like MAGA people. Violent, extremist terrorist, fascist Nazis. Every one of you arrest them with a red hat, round them up. It's amazing how they can never find a motive when the motive is right in front of your face or when the shooting's really suspicious and could indict a left wing ideology, potentially.


Las Vegas, Nashville. Oh, look, we don't know Waukeshaw. Remember the Waukeshaw guy, the car, but we don't know the motive. Nah, what could the motive possibly be? This Fox articles in the newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. It's worth your time. Trump assassination attempt. FBI reveals the first photos And. I'll show you those in a minute of Thomas Crook's firearm and the IEDs in the car trunk. This line here is ridiculous. While the FBI has not established a definitive motive for the shooter or any co-conspirators with advanced knowledge of the attack, Kevin Rodick, the special agent in charge of the field office there, told reporters that Crooks had a sustained detailed effort to plan an attack on some event.


Meaning he looked at any number of events or targets here. The 20-year-old government became hyper-focused on Trump's rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. When it was announced in early July. He had no identifiable political ideology. Rodick added. You just said he became hyper-focused on a Trump rally. Ladies and gentlemen, please put your, take your whatever hat you're wearing now. You're an HVAC repairman, a mom or dad put on. Take that off and put your investigator hat on. The guy became, quote, not focused, but hyper-focused on a Trump rally, which he scoped out.


Did pre-op surveillance on days before showed up with a rangefinder, climbed onto a roof from an AC unit, took up, what is it, a Panther AR 15 rifle, shot President Trump in the head, two others, and murdered Corey comparator. Gee, I don't know. Why do you think he was hyper-focused? Maybe because he had a political ideology and the political ideologies. I don't like that politician, so I'm gonna shoot him. you know, it's stuff like this that drives people freaking crazy. If this guy, God forbid, I'm not using the Lord's name in vain, had shot a Democrat, you know damn well they would be pinning this guy and it'd be leaks from the FBI all over the place about how he's a Trump supporter.


Seven years ago, he wore a red Cincinnati reds hat or something, but one more time. He knew in advance that it red was gonna be the MAGA color, so he put on a reds hat or yeah, he wore a red tie. you know, that's what would happen. And I love that they say he was doing internet searches for other events here. The next screenshot from the piece over the month leading up to the attack, crooks made more than 60 searches related to Biden and Trump in late September. An account associated with crooks searched the former president's campaign schedule and upcoming appearances in Pennsylvania. This is in 2023 folks.


Now again, to the FBI guys, I actually did these protective investigations, protective intelligence investigations for a long time. So anyone questioning my experience, you can sit down in a corner and shut your mouth. You have no freaking idea what you're talking about. I will concede a point here from experience because I've said it on my show and it's true. Target shifting is not uncommon. I've used the example many times of that movie in the line of fire with Clint Eastwood, this guy singularly obsessed with this one person that with real serious, when you're dealing with a psychopathology, a mental cognitive disorder, target shifting's, not uncommon, going from one target to the next.


Some singer, Joey Bagger Donuts, a famous boy band guy, and then you switch to Donald Trump. But this suggests that this guy had been doing internet searches, became hyper-focused, and as far back as 2023 was looking up at the Trump rally where he did pre-op surveillance that you may not be able to determine a political ideology, frankly, sounds kind of silly here. It gets even worse. Last one, the subject registered to attend the rally. The same day he searched for how far was Oswald from Kennedy? Holy shit, I don't know. What could the motive be? He also searched. Where will Trump Trump speak from at the Butler Farm Show?


Butler Farm Show Podium and Butler Farm Show photos. The subject also searched A GR International, and on July 10th, just a few days before searched weather in Butler 30 days prior, he searched 60 searches related to Biden and Trump. Notice though, notice what they don't say. Did you guys catch it? They're trying to say, oh, these searches related to Biden and Trump and By. the way I find it awfully convenient. They held this press conference after we called them out for not holding a press conference. They don't say specifically what the Biden searches are, only the Trump ones. Anyone in the chat know why? Any of you guys know why, folks?


I search President Biden all the time in Trump for show prep. Thankfully, it doesn't mean I have any violent tendencies. He could have been reading President Biden's latest student loan theft program. Did you notice in the article the FBI doesn't say it all. You, you catch this? I know some of you did. Some of you are better investigators than I was. They never say what bidens are. Trumps are all related to where he is speaking from the weather that day. Things in assassin would be planning in a pre-op type tactical exercise. This is bullshit. I don't trust them at all. I'm sorry. I'm gonna show you these photos coming up in a minute too.


And the photos I'm reasonably confident are legitimate, so I'm gonna put that out in advance. Their theory, however, I think is obscene. I'm gonna show you something about the rifle used And I. Think we can now settle on how crooks was killed from the picture of the rifle. Some of you ca, some of you may have caught it yesterday, they released a picture of the rifle and there's something missing in that rifle that should show you that one of these stories about how he died is not accurate.


Folks, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the same day. Poor sleep takes a really nasty toll on your body. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beam's Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. 'cause when we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. They're science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleep. It's never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend. It has REI Magnesium, Malthe, Apogen, and melatonin. Hope you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bino listeners and exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com slash bonino and Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor date, lean folks, you wanna lean out. Listen, I, I I, I, I can't get up and show you like a Geraldo picture. Lee, look at me. Anybody show 'cause it'd be kinda lame and stupid. I'm just telling you I've gotten ridiculously lean off this product. And, I really love it. It's called Lean. Some of you are, you know, maybe looking into some of those weight loss shots. you know they work by helping to lower your appetite. Blood sugar, blood sugar. But if you need to lose weight, you don't have the money, you don't want shots, then try BrickHouse Nutrition Lean. The results are incredible. Can personally vouch the studied ingredients in Lean LEAN have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet or only a few pounds to lose the doctors at BrickHouse. Nutrition created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. I lost about 25. I was getting a little gooey around the waist. Let's get started with 15% off in free rush shipping so you can add lean to your Wellness and exercise plan. Visit take lean.com and enter Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code Dan one five, Dan 15 at Take leann e n.com. Take leann.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated. The FDA, they're not done to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Thank you Li And, we appreciate it. I wanna show you these pictures now from the FBI one of 'em comports with a story I heard from Eli Crane, excellent Republican congressman, the, at this Monday at our congressional hearing, still up on my Rumble account. If you want to take a look at it. This first picture of the ammo can, we were told initially, I, I shouldn't say told because no one knows who said it. It was out there, let's just put it out there. It was out there that these bombs were pipe bombs. Folks, that is not the case. And the reason I wanna, even though these pictures come from the FBI, who I candidly do not trust when it comports with what I'm being told from whistleblowers, I do trust, especially Eli Crane who's hearing it too.


This is, looks legit. You can see that's actually a relatively sophisticated bomb constructed an ammunition can. If you're looking at the picture, if you're watching on Spotify or listening on Spotify and Apple, you have an explosive, some kind of detonation device there and you have an ammo can, apparently what we know is packed with explosives, this could have done some real damage if there were people near this. So this was not a, this the FBI's putting out there yesterday, which again, you can discard completely. It wasn't a particularly sophisticated device. They're doing that for ideological reasons. They're only trying to counter the information. Eli Crane and the congressional committee I'm working with the Renegades are putting out there.


This is a particularly sophisticated device. Yes. Not if you are an EOD Tech Green Beret, but if you are a 20-year-old kid, it's pretty sophisticated. Stop the bullshit. Ah, you again, you're ruining your credibility. I've been ahead of you guys on every story out there. The Spygate lies, everything else. Stop lying. you know, just leave it as what is, here's the, you don't have to give your opinion on it. Here's the other picture. This one's very interesting why? It's, it's a ar what's missing? You guys see it? You're listening audio only you're gonna notice on the stock of the rifle at the end.


You's a huge chunk of it missing. Keep that up for a second. I know you don't like keeping these pictures up long, but this one matters. I have no reason to believe this picture is in any way inaccurate. There were two versions of how Crooks was killed. The first version, or I shouldn't say how cr the of the shots. So there were 10 shots total that I'm sure of. Eight from crooks, one from a local CS team, one from Secret Service cs. There are two different versions of the events. The first version we had heard, which I put out a long time ago, appears to be accurate that the local CS team engaged crooks and did not hit him. He, they, they thought he may have hit portion of the gun.


That that may not be true. I'm not, I'm 90% sure I'm still open to the first, to the first or second possibility. The second story I heard, which now appears accurate, is that they did, yeah, they did not in fact hit him. They did not hit the gun either and that the CS team, the Secret Service Counter Sniper team shot crooks at such an angle that it went in through his face, out through the shoulder and took out the stock of the gun. And if you see the gun with it missing, it appears that story's accurate. Something took a huge chunk out of that. And I believe it was the second round from the Secret Service Sniper as it penetrated through through the shoulder and frag, Hey, thank you for, so that's not how that's supposed to look folks.


There's a chunk of that missing. So the picture, not a lot of people, I didn't, matter of fact, I didn't see anyone catch on if I missed it, I'm sorry. I'm not trying to get ahead of people who may have put it out there, but it's kind of important. We can be reasonably confident right now that the Secret Service Counter Sniper story that they killed him and took out a piece of the gun is pretty accurate. So we're just trying to get a, a story about what happened. Okay? Alright, now that we got that moving on, folks. Listen, if we elect Kamala, you're never gonna get answers to any of this. I I was stunned and for, for me to be shocked about what Kamala Harris, who is a communist By the way And I don't care how many times.


Wall Street Journal, I liked her op-ed com, but how many times they tell us not to call her a communist? Why? She's a communist. She's espousing communist ideas. We will call her a communist until she stops being a communist. Nothing shocks me with her. This I was shocked about. Do you remember the show I did, I don Dunno, two months ago. You p ones and folks in the chat, the groins will remember. You guys remember everything. The most important position in the next administration is what? Anybody in the chat you guys remember, it's not the vp. Super important.


We've got JD Van. Super important. Could be the president if something happens. The most important position, however, is Attorney General. There is no doubt about it. Someone is going to have to get rid of these tyrannical deep state, unconstitutional cases against Donald Trump. They're gonna have to prosecute a number of people who weaponize the government. We need someone, ladies and gentlemen, with balls of a diamond that they've gotta be made of diamond, like one of the hardest substances under these. They gotta be like uncrackable. Well, Kamala Harris is thinking the same thing.


Democrats are already buzzing about a successor at Merrick Garland and they're speculating insiders about who it could be. I couldn't believe this. One of the names that came up, Lisa Monaco, man, you have got to be kidding me. Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco could fit the bill given that she's worked in high ranking prosecutorial and intelligence positions. Do you remember the Merrick Garland video we ran the other day? Do we have that? The gar, he's threatening people for January 6th. Do you happen to remember flanking his left shoulder? Who was there? That person looks really familiar. It's Lisa Monaco. Now, that's one of a thousand reasons if Lisa Monaco becomes the attorney general.


Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry to tell you, you, you, you might as well, you might as well move to Thailand because If, you are a conservative and you have any position of prominence in business, influencer, thought leader, politics, whatever. You will become a target of this crazy person. Lisa Monaco has been knee deep in just about every huge deep state scandal of the last five or six years. Even more the Ukraine stuff. Remember Lisa Monaco on the audio with the Ukraine stuff, the, the quid pro quo nonsense impeachment hoax, Spygate collusion Monaco has been knee deep in all of them.


Do you have the CNNP store? I'm, I'm sorry to make you guys multitask. But I wanna show you something about Lisa Monaco? Okay, here, this is an Obama orders review of Russian election related hacking. you know the hack that never happened? Look at this article from December, 2016, the Russia hacking story. Remember that they said led to collusion, Russia hacked the election for Donald Trump. The president has directed the intelligence community talking about Obama to conduct a full review of what happened, to capture lessons White House homeland security and counter terrorism virus. Lisa Monaco said, folks, Lisa Monaco, there she is, right?


You don't even, they keep it up on the screen. There she is, right there. Lisa Monaco. Remember Lisa Monaco with the bio labs in Ukraine with Rubio? You remember that one? Yes, we do have bio labs and you can, and two days later fact check goes, there are no Biolabs in Ukraine. There are no Biolabs in Ukraine. If she becomes the ag, you really think you're gonna get answers to the pipe bomber, the missing secret service tech, Spygate, collusion. What happened in Butler County, Pennsylvania? That's a good one. That's, you see how they don't mess around this positively said, we don't like the Democrats. I get that. But I'm gonna tell you right now, I respect their balls.


And by respect, I don't mean that in a nice way. I mean, I know who I'm fighting. These people are not effing around you. Understand, this is who she's considering. Here's another one from that political article. Sally Yates. Remember Sally Yates? She was a Deputy Attorney general during the Obama administration. Remember her fighting the Muslim ban? Remember the guy who sent her a message after she went after Donald Trump? 'cause they mistakenly kept her on board too long there. They had to get rid of her. Sally Yates resigned over the fake Muslim ban, which was fake, totally real, a total left wing conspiracy. No Muslim was banned.


No one. They made it up. Remember who sent her a big thank you Andy Weissman? Andy Weissman, the Mueller lieutenant. Throw up the next piece. Yes, Bob Mueller's bulldog, little pit bull Mullo lieutenant sent email saying he was proud of Sally Yates. Folks, this is gonna get ugly if we lose. I, I'm, I don't wanna, I don't wanna listen. It's a Thursday and it's been a great week for us and I've been having a really good time with you. And I really don't wanna sound Mac Cobb. And, and this is, this is not meant to be an Edgar Allen post show, okay? It's not, this isn't like the Raven, I don't mean this to be dark because I'm really confident we have a good shot, not a great shot at winning, but a good shot.


I'll take a 50 50 chance given all the stuff we're dealing with. But. I'm just telling you now, if we lose, they are not screwing around. If you think things are bad now, they will be thousands of times magnitude worse with four more years of this and all of us will be at risk. The people they've written ready to put in are crazy. It's amazing how they'll focus on Project 2025, which is nothing more than a think tank document that think tanks get cr paid to produce thoughts. But yet if we mention the radical nature of what Kamala Harris wants to do, the media's like, no, she doesn't want to do that.


Wait, I hear some in my ear. Whatever your plan is in my ear, Harris is really dangerous. We must stop her. I wanna show you this too, because Donald Trump, this is good. Donald Trump was just indicted again by tyrannical special counsel Jack Smith, despite being smacked down by the Supreme Court and told to stand down, he did it again. Why? Because these people are crazy. If Kamala Harris had any sense at all and wasn't a communist, she would say to Joe Biden, I'm gonna go on the record and challenge this Kamala Harris. I'm, I'm, listen. I'm not giving anyone advice and I'm sorry if this bothers you, but it's important to put out there.


She will never, she's a communist. She would never do this. In a million years. If Kamala Harris wanted to pick up a legitimate one or two points in the polls, she could go out tomorrow and say, you know what? I wanna run McDonald Trump Fair and square this Jack Smith case. I'm not commenting on it because I don't know the details. I'm the vice president. I'm not the special counsel. However, this indictment's a bad idea. We should have delayed it to after the election. I'm telling you right now, she'd gained one or two points in the polls. Why are you giving up advice? Because it doesn't matter. She's a commie. Do you understand? She loves this. There is not a chance in hell her or Biden are gonna stop and move back from their communist tendencies.


Hat tip. Tom Elliot over at Gradon. You haven't played one of his great legendary super cuts in a while. Here is a super cut of it's funny. Smith indicting Trump for an election interference thing. Here are the Democrats and the media openly interfering in the last election by squashing this Hunter Biden story and then pretending they had nothing to do with him when the story turned out to be true from the minute it broke. Check this out. Obviously We're not going with the New York Post story right now on Hunter Biden. This is really one of the stupidest stock October surprises I've ever seen. It Helps to really view this as storytelling, not so much as news coverage, but as political entertainment.


NPR explained. We don't wanna waste our time on stories that are not really stories. Who even thought to make that story up as A story that many intelligence experts say has all the hallmarks of a foreign interference campaign. It looks Like it's tied to Vladimir Putin in Moscow. This is a Russian intelligence disinformation campaign. It's foreign intelligence operation, Foreign intelligence operation. Russian intelligence. Rudy Giuliani was not fed passively Russian disinformation. He ordered off the menu and This is a classic example of the right wing media machine, And he's in the midst of a scandal. He's not, and he's taking, he's not, of course, he's Leslie Late. We should note Hunter Biden isn't running for president. That argument has been debunked.


There Is no evidence that Joe Biden did anything wrong. For all we know, these emails are made up. It just lacks credibility. Okay? I would love if you guys would start doing and start doing that verification. No, we're not gonna do your work for you. You Character matters. It matters. Telling the truth matters. Being a good person matters. Don't Know why I'm crying. You really believe these people are gonna be the ones who expose the truth to you about the dangers of Kamala Harris and her communist agenda. Folks, I, I know you don't trust the media. I get it. It's not breaking news on the show that the media sucks and are full blown communists at this point.


I get that. The point I'm trying to make is you have to be ready to counter these narratives because I know what you're saying. Many of you may say, Dan, what's the point? We already know the Hunter Biden story was true. Yeah, but about 17% of Biden voters didn't before the election. That's why my 10, 10 and 10 rule matters. When I say bring 10 people to the polls, send 10 emails and make 10 social media posts or call 10 people. You should be calling them to get out information as well. Folks, we're running against mystique here. If you've never seen the X-Men movies, mystique is one of these characters. She could become whatever she touches. She touches Justin.


She looks like Justin. She touches Michael. She looks like Michael. She can become anything. That's Kamala Harris. That's who she is. She's mystique from the X-Men and the media will do everything they can to tell you that mystique is in fact magneto when we know it's mystique By the way. He's a big moment today. What are you laughing at? It's big. Well, listen, the goosebumps are here. The race. You guys ready in the chat? You P ones and the groins. I know you get very, we haven't done a change in the dopey media talking head Olympics in eons. This is historic.


We've had movement before the election. I generally try not to do that before an election, unlike the DOJ. But Jonathan Carl has been so pathetic lately. Jonathan Carl, you may not have heard this guy, that he's actually bumped Chuck Todd off the charts completely given Scarborough a promotion. Joy Reed, of course still is the gold medal for the dopey media talking head Olympics. But we are now awarding Jonathan Carl from, what is it? A, b, C. We are awarding him the bronze medal. Oh, you got these, got this. They got something prepared. My gosh. Okay. It's the final event in the dopey media talking head Olympics.


In his last advice, Jonathan Carl is going to attempt to pull words out of the rear part of his body, one that is rarely seen in public, and put them into Kamala Harris' mouth to see if he can throw Tom Cotton off his game. This one's to see if he can make the medal stand. Let's watch She seconds. She right for president that she wants to eliminate private health insurance on the job. Well, 70 million Americans, John. Yeah, I mean, I mean that, that is not her position now, you know, how do you know that's not her? How do you know that's not her position? I mean, she, she says she No, she has not said that Supports. She has not said that all. He did it. He did it. He got the bronze. Congratulations John. Carl, Congratulations Jonathan. Carl fellas.


Everybody up. Everybody up. Everyone's standing. Michael, Michael's like seven feet tall. Justin's like seven foot five. Yes, yes. Big huge moment. Awesome. Jonathan, Carl, everybody applause emoji in the chat for John. Carl, huge moment in Bonino show history. He is now the bronze medal winner. Just So, we have it Anita, do me a favor, keep track of it. I know Jim has it and they have it, but we need a, a groin chart as well. So it is now Joy re with the gold. Still, still, I mean by far, like the world you, no, not even like intergalactic record holder. don. Don't think that's gonna change. Joe Scarborough, number two, silver.


And now John Carl removing Chuck Todd giving Joe Scarborough promotion. By the way. Congrats to Scarborough. Two car Scarborough moving up. you know, so it's a big deal with the silver. It's a big deal. Okay, folks, but getting back to the show, this is what I'm talking about is people like John Carl who say ridiculous things like that to Tom Cotton. Like, oh no, Kamala Harris changed their position on it. No, she didn't. She did not. Anonymous staffers on a Friday night sent it to idiots like you who repeated it. Here's Kamala Harris. This is the best ad you're gonna see in a long time. But you said that about the last one. This one's even better. I like 'em short and punchy. That's why I like this ad. Here's a Trump ad of, again, Kamala Harris debating herself and people like John Carl covering for her.


Check this out. Everyday prices are too high. Food, rent, gas, back to school clothes. That is called omics. A local bread cost 50% more. Today, brown beef is up almost 50%. There's not much left at the end of the month. Omics is working. The price of housing has gone up. It feels so hard to just be able to get ahead. And, we are very proud of omics. There she is, debating herself. This stuff is terrible, but omics is working. The I love ads like that. You don't need to Trump team, you don't need to do anymore. They don't need my advice.


I get it. I am, I'm I, I I'm a supporter. You got my vote. You don't need to convince me if you are open to it. Keep firing out ads like this. You don't have to say anything. She's mystique. Just play what she said, verse what she's saying. No, it's not the same thing. It's not even close. And she's, here's what you have when you do something like that. This is why that's so brilliant. Whoever did that, congrats. Kamala Harris is one of two things. Then she's either a colossal phony or someone so stupid. She's running against her own record. There's there's no option C. There's no option C folks.


They're panicking now too. Oh, look at Anita. There we go. Always to the rescue. Look at love Anita. It's the best. The Queen bow. you know, when Aaron Judge gets up at the plate, they say, all rise. When Anita come bow down, everybody nod their heads a little bit. This show. I don't know, man. This show is crazy. I you have no idea how much fun I have to do with this show. It really, it's, it's not, it's not fair. It's not fair. Doesn't even feel like a, a job anymore. It doesn't, I I can never let this thing go. I just can't. Oh, By, the way we're gonna be doing a, a debate night show. How cool is that? Spread the word debate night show.


We're gonna be knocking it out of the park again. So debate night, we'll be with you. I gotta travel the next day, so we'll be doing something the next day too. But I've got the Tucker thing, September 11th in Tulsa. But we'll be doing a debate night show. This is how much they're panicking By the way about Kamala Harris, because they can, they've got 60 days to hide her. She's gonna do an interview with Dana Bash, which is ridiculous. Dana Bash is the most left wing goofball. You're gonna find out that it's gonna be a softball interview. I guarantee it. They're trying after that. They're gonna try to hide her for 60 days. But they are so desperate to make her seem real and authentic that they pulled this stunt with Joe Rogan. Did you guys hear about this?


Rogan was not happy at all. Apparently. They wanted to imply that Rogan supported her when Rogan was really doing a bit about Tulsi Gabbard. Do you know how unethical this is? Listen to Rogan talk about this. Check this out. That For sure. So there's a business in that. And then there's also people that are doing, like M-S-N-B-C did this recently, and there's, they, this has gotten so popular that my fucking stepdad contacted me to tell me he's happy that I'm suing M-S-N-B-C. I'm like, I'm not suing at M-S-N-B-C, but this is what M-S-N-B-C did. They took a clip of me talking about Tulsi Gabbard and they edited it up and made it look like I was saying great things about Kamala Harris.


Wait, what? Yeah, They, the, the, I mean, you And I have been mashed up on other stuff and Ai, And I don't want to, like you said, we don't wanna draw attention that they got taken off the internet, thank goodness. but it was bullshit. It was like it was AI and, and mashup. Yeah, there's lot of, they did that with us. They did that about politics. Yes, they did it about politics, but they didn't do it like ai. They just deceptively edited the things that I was saying. Took it completely outta context where I was talking about, first of all, I was talking about Tulsi Gabbard, and then I was talking about that the media behind Kamala Harris, all this surge and all these people just deciding that she's good, she could win. Do you know how bad it has to be for them to so blatantly do that?


Knowing you're opening them yourselves up to lawsuits and other things. Folks, if Kamala Harris, the phenomenon was real, why would they be doing this? I wanna show you, you know what, let's just, can we skip to Dana Bash? 'cause I'm gonna get to the other stuff tomorrow. I just wanna show you the, here's Dana, whatever her name. Dana. Dana, I, I, I'm not saying I'm wrong. Intention is it, what is it? Dana? Dana, who cares? Dears. Dana Bash. She's supposed to be doing this interview with Kamala Harris and Tim Walls and By the way, the fact that Kamala Harris can't do the interview by herself. I'm sorry folks, but wasn't the left all about like women's lib and all this stuff. You can't do it without your male running mate. It's kind of embarrassing, isn't it? Paula will do an interview, no problem.


What's, I mean, what, what she needs to help. Here's Donna Bash. This is the woman's gonna be objective talking about the, the, the, with the Supreme Court case in Trump saying how unfortunate it is. You think she's gonna be objective? Take a look. You know, look, unfortunately for America, the court nec isn't necessarily wrong that this is the way the framers wanted it to be. They wanted Congress, the people who are closest to their constituents to be able to make the, the rules of the laws. See, we're trying to keep Trump off the ballot and she opens up talking about, unfortunately you think this person's gonna be objective.


Stop. Please stop. I know you don't, but please stop. Libs folks, thanks again for tuning in. I hope that voicemail wasn't too disturbing in the beginning. Of the show, but I'm telling you, I get them three, four times a week. Liberals are maniacs, And, I, wasm. Just gonna say, I know you don't need any lectures from me, but don't, don't ever do it. Just, I mean, really, you don't need to hear from me. you know that. It's just this is who they are. Let them own the crazy, violent nonsense thing because it just, over time, I'm convinced, at least I know there's a second creation, I'm comfortable walking in front of the creator saying I'd never be involved in nonsense like that. They're not. They just don't care. They're lunatics. Thanks again for tuning in. Please give us a follow on rumble.


It's really important. If you wanna watch every day at 11:00 AM it is free. It costs you nothing. rumble.com slash bonino on your computer, or you could download the Rumble app and just search the damn one Gino Show. click that follow button. Please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. We're still in the top 20 in Spotify and Apple News. Really, really appreciate that for the podcast. I really appreciate it. Thanks a lot. I'll be here on the radio show in just a few minutes on Rumble and, and then back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Big big story on the Pipe bomber. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.