
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino folks, Today is a really, really good day. Tuesdays are strange days because you know, Monday you're erring for the week, but then the week hits and you're like, it's the actual week. So you never know what to do with Tuesday. It's like the lost day. You know, Wednesday's hump day, Thursday's the day before. Friday and Friday's, Friday Tuesday's. Really nothing. Tuesday's nothing. Even in like holy calendars. You know, there's like holy Thursday, good Friday. It's not really a big thing on Tuesdays, it's not a thing. Is there a Tuesday thing? Fat Tuesday Fat?


Well, fat Tuesday's not. That's more of a Mardi Gras thing, you know? But I get it kind the for Lent. I get it. I get it. You, you're kind of right. This is a huge day, Ladies and gentlemen, the Democrats, I, if this was an X-rated show, this would be worse. It they showed you their asses because I don't even care. I'm, they just totally showed you their asses. I had a totally different show planned and I'm gonna get to that. I got a ton of stuff. More bad news outta Secret Service, Jamie Raskin, an EC clip that went viral yesterday about what they're gonna do for the Election. But Tim Walls, the communist governor of Minnesota, the BLM riots guy, the tampons in the men's bathroom guy, that's your PPE pick.


This is great. And they're like that. JD Vance is weird. Dude's like a marine capitalist US senator and a lawyer. What a weirdo. This is the tampons in the guy's bathroom cat. This Is great. Everyone in the, everyone in the chat. If If you If, you would ask me Avita and the crew to poll who the best Democrat VP nominee for the Republicans would be. We've all agreed it would've been Tim Wal. This is great. and by the way, no Jews allowed on the, on the liberal side of the ticket.


There is definitely, I, someone asked me at the conventions, there're gonna be a special area where they segregate the Jews through everyone else. God forbid you pick Josh Shapiro, a swing state governor from a state, you actually need to win Pennsylvania. You can't have that. Oh man, Democrats, thank you. Thank, this is awesome. You guys are great.


Hey, you heard me rave about Beam every week, so go get it now. Stop delaying the stuff changed my life. They're offering the largest discount at chop Beam dot com slash bino. Get some Sleepies code. buno


big show for you today. You need to prepare yourself for what's coming ahead too. It's Jamie Raskin clip that leaked out. I told you what's gonna happen if Trump wins the Election from November to January. Now you're gonna hear it.


Hey, in today's economic environment, the stress of providing for a family and yourself can sometimes be overwhelming. Putting everyday expenses on credit cards only elevates that stress. You have to find a way out of that never ending cycle. I got an answer for you. Call my friends in American financing, they're helping people just like you turn things around by using the equity in their homes to pay off that high interest debt. They understand what you're going through. They talk to people in your position every day. American financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month, $800 a month. It's like a $10,000 raise at work. It's a lot of money and they're closing some and as little as 10 days. And If, you start today. You may not have to make next month's mortgage payment, as does that sound. There's no better time than now to turn your situation around American financing, call 'em. Here's the number. (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website's a.net address not.com.net american financing.net american financing.net. MLS 1 8 3 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thanks. American financing.


All right fellas, let's go folks. Tim Walls, governor of Minnesota, selected as Kamala Harris's Vice Presidential pick. Let me just sum this up. This pick is unreal. This is unbelievable. The Democrats are usually more tactically goal oriented than this. I'm serious folks. They'll typically ignore their radical base because they know they'll all fall in line. Why? Because Democrats in the end understand that unity matters and they will vote for anyone as long as they can maintain power because they believe in hierarchy. I don't wanna get too knee deep in this, but when you understand the collectivist goal, which is power, that's not the conservative's goal. The conservative's goal is individual liberty.


It's the exact opposite of centralized power. If. You're a conservative. That's what you believe in, correct? If not, you are not one of us. No, I believe in big government, you're not in our movement. Okay? You may be a swampy Republican, you're not a conservator. We believe in families and individuals. That's where the power base is, that the government operates by consent of that unit. The liberals and Democrats believe in the opposite. They believe in centralized power. Anyone who's an obstacle to that, Democrats included, becomes an enemy. Anyone who can help them, IE the media is a friend. Tim Walls is a radical leftist. He does absolutely nothing to help them win. Pennsylvania, Arizona, Ohio, forget Florida.


The guy's a communist. He's a straight up socialist and them eliminating Josh Shapiro, a very popular governor in Pennsylvania, who by the way is the leftist still, but he's Jewish because he's Jewish and is a mild, although equivocated supporter of Israel is the most stunning thing I've ever seen. The Democrats, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden are going to destroy, destroy the Democrat party for a generation. They eliminated Mark Kelly too. Mark Kelly. and by the way, I don't like any of these guys. Let me just be clear. But Mark Kelly in the swing state of Arizona who may have helped him think the astronaut guy, he's still a radical leftist.


Nope. They picked a BLM supporting tampons in the men's bathroom. Straight up communist Tim Walls, by the way, a guy. So milk toast, he puts ice to sleep. There is nothing this guy does for the ticket at all. Zero. I don't wanna hear red wave talk. I'm not suggesting we're gonna win in some landslide now, but this guy is a freaking gift. Let me just, this is the only video you need to see. And, I'm gonna move on. You're gonna see thousands of these things, tampons guy, whatever. I get it. But this is the only video you need to see. If, you are a Venezuelan living in the state of Florida. Who escapes SCO socialism. If you're Cuban in South Florida or elsewhere and you escape socialism.


How does this make you feel that this guy is now on the ticket with Kamala Harris? Listen to him talking about socialism that's led to murder and torture. Check this out. But we can get out there, reach out, make the case. And for one thing, don't ever, don't ever shy away from our progressive values. One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. No canoe. It's not neighborliness. Socialism is the theft of people's hard-earned property with their sweat equity was put in. It's also death destruction and gulags when you don't give up said property.


Why do you think they have to build walls around socialist states to keep people in? Meanwhile, we have to build walls to keep people out walls, no pun intended. The dude is a straight up commie. They're gonna cheat, they're gonna lie, they're gonna steal. I don't want to hear any red wave talk. This is going to be a close tight Election because we've gotta overcome massive obstacles, period. However, I'm not an asshole and stupid either. If, you had a rate one through 10 picks conservatives would want on the Democrat ticket.


Yes. Conservatives us. There is zero doubt in my mind outside of a OC and Ilhan Omar. Tim Walls is number one. What a colossal screw up. Colossal screw up and listen, for those of you out there who say, Dan, one more point on this. You made the point over absolutely no one votes for the vice president. Yes, but If, you listen to my show. I've also made another point, If. you guys not heard me say this. The golden rule of picking vice presidents is the Hippocratic oath. First do no harm. If, you do no harm. You are correct.


But there are people that heard a ticket on the VP side. This guy brings nothing and brings a shit ton of baggage that there's this mounds of evidence to back up. This is the tampon guy Kat turd, my man. Can we get on that? I I, I hate to, I hate to ask you again. Two days in a row at cat turd. Two, my man, the an electric force, he's Like. What, what are there? Four? How many forces are there in, he's like the seventh or eighth force with like gravity, electromagnetism, cat turd, cat turd. If you're watching tampon guy, we gotta get on. That's him. He wants tampons in the, in the boys' bathroom, tampons in the boys' bathroom.


This is gonna be your vice presidential Don do no harm. Idiots, my friend Sean Davis tweeted this out from the Federalist, And I think he may be right. I'm not sure, but I, I'm not even sure this guy makes it past a couple weeks when the stuff card starts coming out. JD Vance isn't going anywhere. JD Vance was a great pick and you're gonna learn that the more you learn about him, the more you learn about this guy, this is gonna be catastrophic. I have never seen such a miscalculation by Democrats who I don't like him, but are usually smarter than this. Folks, listen, let's put the red wave talk however aside for now, and let's get to the down and dirty.


This how I was gonna start the show today, 'cause this is serious. A clip recently was unearthed that my producer Jim informed me. This was from a few months ago at a book thing. But it's relevant 'cause we've been talking about this over and over. I want you to listen to me very seriously. Now, if Donald Trump is to win in November, I think we got a 50 50 shot. That's the best I'm gonna say. Look at this. The goosebumps are out. Again, I'm warning you, right? Now, you haven't seen anything in the United States since the sixties. Like you're gonna see between November and the day he swears in folks, I promise you right now, there are people already organizing to do things that are gonna shock a man's soul.


If Donald Trump wins violence, thuggery riots, breakdowns in government, tyranny, authoritarianism, I, I hope I'm wrong flags in the chat, I hope I'm wrong. But I can nearly guarantee you I'm right now we can fight back. We have our own. We have local sheriffs, we have people, we have, we have systems of law and order. I'm not telling you we're helpless lemmings and we should start crying about it. I'm just telling you, the Democrats are not hiding this anymore. Here's what I'm talking about. And you need to prepare yourself today. You need to be ready for this. You need to mentally harden yourself up that things you haven't seen before are going to happen.


If Donald Trump wins, the Democrats are not gonna allow a transition of power for all the talk about the insurrection, all that other stuff. Donald Trump walked out of the White House and Joe Biden walked in to relatively little fanfare. The Democrats will not do the same. You need to prepare yourself. They are already preparing for violence. Here's the clip I'm talking about. This is lunatic Democrat, congressman for Maryland. A guy I've known for a long time. I ran in Maryland. He is a crazy person. He has always been a crazy person. He's a straight up tyrant. He is a communist authoritarian. Here he is at a book event and he's talking about employing section three of the 14th amendment, the insurrection clause, to keep Donald Trump out of office even if Donald Trump wins.


Now, if any Republican said this, you'd be arrested in a Gulag Merrick Garland and Christopher Ray be at your house when you're a Democrat. This kind of stuff is celebrated. Take a listen to this. What can be put into the constitution can slip away from you very quickly. And the greatest example going on right now before our very eyes is section three of the 14th amendment, which they're just disappearing with a magic wand as if it doesn't exist, even though it could not be clearer what it's stating. And so you know, they want to kick it to Congress. So it's gonna be up to us on January 6th, 2025 to tell the rampaging Trump mobs that he's disqualified. And then we need bodyguards for everybody and civil war conditions, all because the nine justices, not all of them, but these justices who have not many cases to look at every year, not that much work to do a huge staff great protection, simply do not want to do their job and interpret what the great 14th amendment means.


And I'm glad that Sher's creating her new center so we can bring that Folks, I'm telling you, right, Now, you can expect mass chaos. You think the pipe bomb thing, the insiders, the insurrection stuff, you think all of that was shady. You haven't seen anything. They will do this out in the open and the media will protect them. And for those of you who think, and I'm not suggesting you in the chat, aren't with me, the bonino army and family, I know from the bottom of my heart, you guys get it and fully understand the tyrants and authoritarians we're dealing with, they openly bragged about this in 2020. Is this in the newsletter today? You gotta put this in folks.


You have got to read this article. It is long, but I'm, I'm sorry, but we can't be friends. If, you don't read this piece because the Democrats openly bragged about stealing the 2020 Election 2020. You don't think they're planning the same thing. Now this time magazine article by Molly Ball is absolute must reading. If what? What did rush call it? The Institute for Advanced Conservative Studies. You, you can't graduate from there unless you read this. They talked about The Secret, History of the Shadow Campaign That Saved, the 2020 Election. Where did I get that from The title of the article? It's the actual title. They talk about the conspiracy behind the scenes.


In what language? Indirect language. Here's a quote. There was a conspiracy unfolding behind the scenes. One that curtailed the protests and coordinated the resistance from CEOs resistance to Trump. Both surprises were the result of an informal alliance between left wing activists and business titans. The pact was formalized in a terse little note, little notice joint statement of the chamber of commerce, a Ffl CIO, published on Election day. Both sides would come to see it as a sort of implicit bargain inspired by the summer's massive, sometimes destructive racial justice protest. You see, they learned from that in which the forces of labor came together with the forces of capital to keep the peace and oppose Trump's assault on Democracy.


folks, they learned from the riots. The only reason they didn't riot last time is because they got their chosen candidate after their scam is scheming and scamming in Joe. Biden. They got him in there and nobody, all the stuff was stopped after the insurrection. Conveniently time. The only question now, the only thing I think is a little, a little bit different is some of those business titans that colluded to steal 2020. Some of them now, especially on the tech side, some a small number, small number. I can't emphasize this. AV have turned to the other side and are openly supporting Trump who supported Biden last time.


It's a small number. The overwhelming number of woke businesses will still get involved in this cabal. But you don't think they're planning this right now and they didn't. You don't think they learned from 2020 folks, you aren't going to see untold chaos after November if Donald Trump wins. I mean, excuse me, unimaginable chaos. Be untold. 'cause we'll tell you about it. They're not gonna stop. Don't think the chaos and disorder can't happen here. They see this as the end of everything folks. They see Donald Trump as the end of their hegemonic reign and they will do absolutely anything to stop it.


I need you to understand this and get mentally ready. We are not hapless little sheep sitting there. We are the sheep dogs. We have mechanisms to fight back. We have constitutional sheriffs, we have law and order in our communities and we run our communities. We don't have to let people riot. The Democrats wanna let that happen. They can burn down their own cities, but they're sure is shit. Not gonna burn down ours, but just Get Ready. All right, I wanna take a quick break. And I wanna transition here, I wanna show you, I wanna start the show with this, but I don't wanna overwhelm you with the Secret Service stuff. It is a critical, important story. Donald Trump, just three weeks ago was nearly killed and a man was murdered in front of his family at a Donald Trump site and just like the left is not gonna let the insurrection go.


I'm not gonna let the Secret Service story go ever. This may be the single most ridiculous, asinine, moronic in basilic media appearance by a former Secret Service guy I have ever seen in my entire life. This man should just walk away from public life forever. It was on TMZ If. you saw it. You know what I'm talking about? A man was murdered and you got a former Secret Service guy on TV saying this is a win a w. What do you think I was talking about the other day when I told you guys and ladies, remember what I said? If, you don't know what you're talking about. Shut the up and stay off tv. You look like an idiot and we're going to expose you.


You will get no passes here at all. The Secret Service I worked in in my day had great guys. However, we had assholes too. And if you're one of 'em out there defending this, you're gonna get exposed. Quick break and we'll get back to it.


Hey, before bir Birch Gold, I didn't endorse any gold company. I didn't think there was a need to own gold, so I wouldn't recommend it to my listeners. But now with the insanity going on, the endless printing of money, skyrocketing national debt, global chaos, and an Election in November with massive ramifications. I buy gold and half often. I've been buying gold from birch gold for a while now. It gives me peace of mind knowing if the bottom falls out of our economy, I'll still have something of value allowing me to provide for my family. If, you want that same peace of mind. You can protect your savings by diversifying it to physical gold coins or bars from birch gold. Now ship it fully insured directly to your home. You already have home and auto insurance. Consider adding additional financial insurance with an investment in gold. To get started, just text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get a free information kit on how it works. Moving some of your savings to gold is one thing you can do to help provide real, real, tangible financial security. You can touch 'em, feel 'em. Gold bars, gold coins for your family in case you ever need it. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply. Thanks BGE Gold.


This video clip is exactly what I'm talking about. From T-N-T-M-Z If, you are a moron. Stay the hell off tv. It will be your stupidity will be video and audio taped for people to see generations from. Now this clip's about a minute and 30. It's two what purport to be Secret Service agents. I never met these two at all. Talking to TMZ claiming somehow that the Secret Service shouldn't or couldn't have engaged this guy even though he had a gun on a roof pointed at President Trump and then claiming somehow that, oh man, this thing was a win.


If, you think I'm crazy? Listen yourself, check this out. They saw a guy with a rifle that should be good enough, shouldn't it? To scream not in The state of Pennsylvania, Harvey, you're in an open carry state allowed to carry a gun outside of a secure spot inside of a zone and walk around. Why does the, the shooter have to literally get to the point of pointing the gun at the former president before they realize it's a threat? You want me to just shoot him because he is got a gun. If there's A gun, if a guy on a roof and he's not a police officer. To me, the common sense thing is scream, get Trump on the ground or get Trump outta here.


Now that's what I would think somebody would scream. It just seems common sense to me. But I think in the world of safety and protection, you, you have to take in a lot of stuff, digest it and assess it and seconds or a fraction of that and make a decision. How do I know factually, intentionally what you are getting ready to do? I don't If you had killed that potential shooter. 'cause that's what it would've been at that time. Then you can be able to stand up in court and not be crucified and sent off to jail for a murder, not an attempt, a murder because you have no proof that that was what he was getting ready to do.


Was it a failure? No. I understand the tragedies that occurred at that site with somebody dying and losing their life in the injuries. But a protectee of the United States, Secret Service alive at the end of the day, that's a win. Did that, did that just happen? I folks, listen, I'm not being, I, I promise you, I'm not being silly here or stupid. I really thought that was a parody thing. I swear to you, I thought, and I'm like, oh, well Harvey Levin's in it.


He wouldn't wait from TMZ. Like he's not gonna waste his time with a parody, I swear to you. I thought that was a joke. I had to go back and actually look those two individuals up to make sure this was real and not some. What do they, what's that? That those guys that are always pranking people at that show that's been around forever. The guy's on Fox all the time. I, what is it called? But no, not punk, but yeah, it could be punk. Yeah, punk is more my day. but I thought, this has gotta be a joke. You can't shoot a guy on a roof in an unauthorized area scoping out the president of the United States, who has been pointed out as a suspicious figure who scales a roof, who is using a range finder and you're on tv and then the other lady's like, it would be a murder.


Holy shit. Did this really happen? What are you doing on tv? Do you even understand the DHS use of force policy even from this crazy administration? Throw that up, please. Please throw that up. Thank you. DHS Leos law enforcement officers do not have a duty to retreat to avoid the reasonable use of force, nor are they required to wait for an attack before using reasonable force to stop a threat. My gosh, dude, auntie, I don't know this guy.


Do me a favor, folks. Language alert, please shut the fuck up. You sound like a moron, don. Don't know the other lady either. What? Whoever told you to go on tv? I will never guys, at the end of the year, you know, with the clips the embarrassing favorite, this one has to be one. This is gotta be so far the worst television clip this year. Folks in the chat, am I crazy? Am I wasting, just be honest with me for a second. Am I wasting too much time on this stupid This I just, this is before I warned you last week that a bunch of people I worked with, great guys in the Secret Service, I mean it, and women, a lot of 'em, very talented people, And, I want, wanna take anything away from 'em.


But the 80 20 rule is the opposite. There were about 20% of people I worked with in the Secret Service I wouldn't trust with Lucy, my dog. We would hide them. These two must have been them. What a dumb ass thing to say. And you see, I, it provides cover for people like Ron Rowe. Oh, look, go on TV and tell 'em, I don't know what happened. A guy had a gun and was, was, was scoped in on Donald Trump with a, with a range find and then shot him. And after we shot, hey, it's a big win. A guy was murdered in front of his family, his brains were in the stands. This is a win. And you said that on tv.


Stay far away from this dude and this I, I mean don don't know how this even made it onto tv folks, this again, I have warned you over and over there are so many stupid people in government and they will go on TV and say anything to go, look, mom, I'm on tv. I've been in this business a long time. There are producers of shows who will reach out to you and kind of hint that they want something said. And there are people who will do it. I'm not suggesting that happen here at all, but this is just embarrassing folks.


The Secret Service is a broken enterprise. It needs to be broken up. We do not need new government agencies. We need to break up the ones we have or else, what's the point? You wanna stick with this garbage We have now this, this government littered with crap and deep state people who don't give a shit. What is the option? If we get elected in November, the conservative movement and take the house and the Senate? We have a once in a lifetime opportunity to fix this thing. Please don't tell me Stop talking about it. We don't need to. No, we do need, we need people who are gonna keep these guys alive.


We need an FBI that investigates terrorists. I don't wanna get killed. Not who investigates Moms for Liberty. The Secret Service has failed. It is a failed enterprise. How much more evidence do you need? I'm gonna get to this. Take a quick break and get this, just throw it up for a second. The real clear politics, sorry Michael, I don't mean to confuse you, but Susan Crabtree with another bombshell about the Secret Service. Remember when I told you in the cocaine gate case cocaine found at the White House? Guys, you remember this? Justin, you remember the demos with the baggie? He's like, yeah, remember, how do you get the baggie in the the cocaine? It's a non-porous surface. You either had a fingerprint or would they drop it in with their mouth?


You'd have saliva. Did I not tell you that? An insider told me They know. They absolutely know who left the cocaine at the White House. Crabtree took that to the next level, to the next level and deserves all the credit for it. This must be a different whistleblower than the one I have. but I don't know I'd ever ask her for her sources. Obviously Former, Secret, Service, Chief, Wanted, To, Destroy, Cocaine, Evidence. I told you, I told you last break and we'll get back to that. Whatever you think it hasn't gotten bad enough, it's worse.


Be awake, not woke. Start your day with a hot piping, hot cup of America's coffee. Blackout Coffee, Blackout Coffee iss an active supporter of Americans who see work as their duty. Listen, it's my staple. I love Blackout Coffee. Can I tell you something about coffee too? I know I never really, I really say this a lot, but If, you look up the research on coffee, black coffee is really, really, really good for you. I like black coffee as long as you're not over, you know, overdoing it. But black coffee is amazing. So what I do is in the morning I have my Blackout Coffee. I have the cinnamon French toast. I have it with some milk in it in the morning. It's great with, I love it. It's awesome. It's like it it, the cinnamon French toast tastes incredible. But then right before I come up here, I take like a quarter cup of blackout, just regular black coffee. And I. Drink it because the polyphenols and stuff. Amazing. I recommend it. I love it. The taste is delicious. Paula loves the blueberry crumb. Another favorite of mine is the dark chocolate Favor. All of their coffees are great. Here's the thing, it's bold but not bitter. There's nothing worse than bitter coffee. It ships within 48 hours of roasting. That's the trick. It's fresh, it's incredible. Do me a favor, try it out. This is the official coffee of the Bino army Blackout Coffee dot com slash bino. See what I'm talking about? Just try it. Don't drink that woke corporate junk crap. Taste real coffee. It's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it.


Our last sponsor and I'll get back to the Secret Service story, bone Charge, one of my favorite companies. I'm gonna tell you something. They have this red light face mask. Folks, this thing puts me this you like you wouldn't believe it's good for your skin, but man, it produces melanin. The red light. I put that sucker on at night out like a light. Paula uses it for wrinkles and blemishes and since bone charge sent us the red light face mask, she loves it. Listen, just look at her pictures. It also can help with minor symptoms associated with fine lines. Eczema, migraines, scar tissue, and so much more. It takes just 20 minutes a day. You want the ultimate sleep hack here, go in there. Sauna blanket, a bone charge, and then put that red light face mask on Night Night Kids Now, you are out. She uses it while watching tv. The red light mask, it's super lightweight, doesn't get hot. Plus it comes with a one year warranty. Bone charge has other amazing products. Low blue light bulbs, blue light glasses, all good life hack stuff. Infrared sauna blankets and 100% blackouts. Sleep mask. Go to bone charge.com/bonino Use coupon code bonino for to save 15%. B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bonino Use coupon code bonino for to save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. I'm not kidding that stuff, man. It works. The real deal.


I told you the Secret Service is broken. And I told you many times, they know who left the cocaine at the White House. And from what I've heard, it's not who you think Former, Secret, Service Chief Wanted To Destroy, Cocaine Evidence. I'm gonna go into the details here. You haven't heard. She notes Secret Service leaders under pressure from former director Kim Cheadle, chose not to run additional searches for DNA matches on the baggie or conduct interviews with the hundreds of people who work in the White House Complex. The whistleblower says that's because they didn't wanna know or even narrow down the field of people. That could be a source stated, it could have been Hunter Biden, it could have been a staffer, it could have been someone doing a tour. We'll never know.


folks, listen to me. They know who this was. I'm gonna tell you why. And you don't need to be an investigator to figure this out. I worked in the White House for five years, about a little over four and a half Precision matters. I don't want to exaggerate four and a half years for two presidents, Bush and Obama, three years with Bush, about a year and a half with Obama. You do not get in the White House without buzzing in. You have a White House pass, okay? There are different color coded passes that give different access. That pass buzzes you in. There's a little car, you know, card check area there, and you'll hear the gate click and you open it.


Everybody knows who's in the White House. So if the baggie appeared, say on a Friday and you can knock down to a 48 hour period, who was in the White House? Because everybody who comes in the White House goes through that system or is caught on video coming in through say, west Executive Avenue in a motorcade. There are numerous video cameras. There is no way you would not know on a partial DNA hit, which again, it's a baggie. It's going to leave some form of DNA or a fingerprint on the bag. It's a non-porous service.


When you cross-reference the video tape that they have, there's a video all over the complex Cross-reference the video with their card check system on the way in. And a partial DNA hit I can guarantee you they could have narrowed it down to probably maximum five people. Then what do you do? You pipe bomber. It's, yeah, Michael says it right. It's probably the pipe bomber at the DNC. Nobody knows who that is either. They magically can never find, they can find DNA from a freaking T-Rex go Jurassic Park style and probably recreate the damn thing. But you can't find freaking DNA in a non-porous baggie in a freaking white house and on a pipe pop.


Are you shitting me? These people are lying to you. They know who this is. Folks, you cross-reference those three items and then you polygraph those people. You'll get to your bad guy right away. They don't wanna know. And apparently, according to Crabtree, the former Secret Service management team, which has totally failed, failed on the pipe bomb, failed on the January 6th. Text failed in Butler County, Pennsylvania, failed on the the police Georgia attack on on Bush when I was there. Now they failed on the cocaine thing too. Folks, I'm gonna throw something out there and it pains me to say this about this former agency, but I owe you the truth and not bullshit.


This needs to be a criminal investigation. I am as serious as a heart attack. This needs to be a criminal investigation. If evidence was destroyed in a potential coverup, this needs to be a criminal investigation. Not with the FBI, but someone we can trust. An appointed OIG who at least both sides agreed to. This is a huge freaking deal and nobody should let this go. The corruption and the deep state rot, man, it is real. These people are capable of anything. Folks, And I wanna warn you right now. They are already preparing these exact same people to do everything in their power to interfere in the 2024 Election.


To circle back to where we were. Everything in their power put nothing past these people. Did you see the dhss csa, the cybersecurity entity from the DHS? They just put this out the other day. You know this managed to escape a lot of scrutiny. If you're not on Twitter or truth, no one's really talking about this. You cannot trust the DHS and CSA at all. They have been actively involved in censoring US citizens and interfering in US elections. CSA has been an extremely destructive government entity. They put this out July 31st, 2024, just a week ago.


And it imagined to go imagine to go over a whole bunch of people head. They put out a public service announcement to quote, raise awareness that distributed denial of service DDOS attacks on Election infrastructure or adjacent infrastructure that supports Election operations could hinder public access to Election information, but would not impact the security or integrity of Election processes. Okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. Leo, get style. Okay. Okay, folks in the chat, where am I? You know where I'm going with this? Get ahead of me here. Sometimes the question's better than assertion. You know where I'm going with this. You see what they're doing, right?


Arizona, ring a bell. Game day Republicans like to vote on game day. Big mistake. I told you, bank your vote, man. Bank your vote. And here's why. Listen to me, please listen to your buddy Dan, I get it. Listen, listen. Let's not please. I'm asking You, don't wanna yell Please. Early voting sucks. Mail-in voting sucks. Period, period, period. Please don't send me an email saying why are you, I'm not. They suck. We should have a national one day Election with voter id and it's a national holiday period. I'm with you. I brothers and sisters, I get you. I'm not yelling anybody. I'm just saying I'm gonna get a hundred emails today.


Stop. I get it. But we're stuck with this shit for now. We're stuck with it because it's here. The Democrats bank their votes 'cause they wanna win. They get out there day one of early voting. 'cause you know what's gonna happen on Election Day because CIS is already telling you. Because CIS is already telling you because CIS is already telling you there's gonna be outages. Printers aren't gonna work. Oh, sounds Like. what happened in Arizona? They're gonna run outta ink. It's A-D-D-O-S attack. I'm sorry, Republicans. It'll just be an hour.


How many people are gonna walk off the line? Thank you, please. I'm on. I'm on bended knee, man. As my friends, I'm begging you to bank your vote. I am begging you as a friend. If, you want to win? I am not kidding. I am on a knee right now. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, please bank your vote early, as early as you can. Get your kids out there. Bring 10 people with you. There are no excuses. You are. There is no, oh, I'm making a statement.


Voting. You're not making a statement on Election Day. If they go, oh shit, DDOS attack, how are you gonna vote? Please listen to me. I am your friend in this. Do you wanna win or do you wanna make a statement? Because those aren't the same thing. Not in this case. Bank your vote. Early voting opens. You get there day one, maybe day two. We can make a statement later. We can push on day one for a national holiday for elections. We can push voter ID in the states and we should, but that's not what we have.


Now, I'm sorry to go on and on about this, but I can't tell you folks, you would be stunned. You're not in my position. I get thousands of emails a week and 5% of 'em maybe are from people. I don't do that. I wanna make a statement. By voting on Election day, you're not gonna vote. At least a good small portion of you are gonna be turned away 'cause there's gonna be a printer problem or a DOS thing. They're know. We warned you, CSA warned you and notice how, throw that up again, please notice how CSA says, oh, but it's not gonna affect Election integrity. In other words, once they steal it, but would not impact the security or integrity of Election process, they'll steal it. They'll keep you waiting all night. And I go that we just told you it's not gonna affect anything.


You. don, you don't think this is a setup. You trust these people. Send this segment to your friends. They are telling you they are gonna kick you in the freaking balls. Don't spread your legs, put a cup on. You've been warned. I-I-I-I-I am sorry folks. I it's cutesy times I didn't, I, this is an accident. I wore the shirt today and it cutesy time's over. You wanna play cute, send messages or you wanna win. If I sound like an asshole, I'm very sorry. I don't intend it that way. I'm about winning.


We are facing the destruction of the greatest constitutional republic in human history. This is not time for statements. You ever see GI Jane people who wanna make statements, don't make statements about not making statements. No statements just win. Google's up to their old tricks too. You think they're not trying to steal this thing right now? House judiciary Twitter account, Google admitted after the July 13th assassination attempt on Trump predictions for queries about the assassination attempt against Trump should have appeared but didn't. They will do anything, anything.


It is time for us to do anything within moral ethical bounds to win too, because cutesy time is over. You want cutesy time? This ain't that show. There's a number of other options out there. This ain't it. Here you want another one? You think this was a mistake? Here's a Fox News report from yesterday. Supreme Court said, no, no, go ahead. You guys can sentence Donald Trump up in New York before the Election. Did you miss this? In all the news cycle yesterday, the craziness of this news cycle, which is the most loony news cycle I've seen in my entire life, this happened. They like Judge Marchon, the communist judge up in New York.


Yeah, go ahead and sentence him before the Election. You probably miss this. Check this out. Is this news breaking moments ago? The US Supreme Court now refusing to delay former President Trump's sentencing in his New York criminal trial until after the Election. Trump says he did nothing wrong and plans to appeal the conviction on all 34 counts of falsifying business records. He is facing possible prison time or a fine of the sentencing now set for the 18th of September, so a little more than a month from now. We'll keep track of that from here. Meanwhile, you got another, Now, I, I don't believe Donald Trump is gonna go to jail before the Election.


That doesn't mean it can't happen. There's an appeals process and there's, there's certain procedural things. Even the Commies, at least now can't get around. However, there is nothing mechan would like more than to sentence Donald Trump to an ankle monitor or something to humiliate him before the Election folks, I'm telling you, these people will do anything. I just saw someone in the chat again, in all caps, please bank your vote. This is no time to dick around. This is serious. You know, the, the, the, the Reagan Mondale Election was a time to make statements when we were comfortably ahead.


This isn't statement time. This is existential crisis time. Bill Udin on Twitter, great reporter breaking per DHS data, at least 99 illegal aliens on the FBI terror watch list were released into the United States after being arrested by border patrol at the southern border. Folks in the chat, why, why would they be releasing potential terrorists inside the United States? Why chew on that a little bit. They're on the watch list. In other words, they know these people are potential terrorists because they're on the terror watch list.


That's not a private sector list. It's the government's list of these are terrorists. Watch out for them and then we don't only watch them, we find them and then we let 'em loose inside the United States. Why? Why is that some kind of national security incident here? We talk about that a little bit, folks. This is no time for statements, man. Now we have Kamala Harris picking the most radical vice presidential nominee, radical vice presidential nominee in modern American history in a devout communist. Tim Waltz who loves socialism.


They will do anything to steal this. Anything. They will hide these people from press conferences. They will, they are trying to basement this entire campaign like they did with Biden. And one thing, I don't want you to get distracted by Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not gonna let the let the left dictate the narrative. Kamala Harris is a phony. She's a phony. Kamala Harris is, is, is told a thousand people, a thousand different stories about who she is and the weed stories, all these stupid things. I'm just asking you as a favor 'cause I wanna win. Candidly, I don't think it helps. The media is going to try to keep this thing about race because they think the race baiting works.


I want you to see what I mean here. Here's George Slop, Opolis on ABC's interviewing the great Byron Donalds who Byron does it right? Byron just makes the simple point, goes back to it. You guys keep bringing up this race question. It's not us. This is how you answer this question every single time. Watch Donald, watch Donalds just basically destroy this guy in his own interview. Show Slop Opolis. Check this out. If it doesn't matter. I don't understand why you keep on repeating it, why the president keeps on repeating it. Why those introducing the president yesterday, George? Actually, if I'm Repeating it, I'm not the one who keeps repeating it. George, you're the one that's bringing it up now. That's you Up, you've done. I understand why you're, sir, You've done, You've done it three times. Every single answer you gave me. Now let me finish Sir George, every single answer you gave, he repeated the slur.


You asked me, George. That's why I'm pushing back on you now, George, you right You asked me the question three times. I responded. But I'm, And every single time you repeat the slur, that is exactly my point. You simply can't say that it's wrong, George. So then what you're saying, so then what you're And I want to get off this topic? 'cause this is not the only thing that's going on, but George, now you're saying that AP is the one that slurred Kamala Harris because those are the facts. You can go to the internet and look at the clips. George If, you want to, or we can talk about this now, I prefer to talk about the future of our country. Slop Opolis in the left. Can't let this race thing go, folks. It's nothing more than a distraction. You know, I don't let the left dictate how you talk about anything, period. However, I've warned you over and over when the left wants to talk about something and is afraid about you talking about something else, KA omics, omics and other things like that.


When the left wants you to do that, don't fall into their trap. There's a reason they wanna do that. It's not because they really believe you're a racist. The Kamala Harris thing at all, that's, it's none of that. It's they just wanna stop you. Do you understand what I'm getting at? They just wanna stop you from talking about something else. They don't really care about people questioning other people's statements on what race they were. They don't care about any of that. If they did, they'd have Joe Biden on tomorrow and they'd be asking him about this short clip. Check this out. Do you have a Problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump and you ain't black? Is slop Opolis gonna ask Biden about that? No, of course, that's Biden telling a black guy, Hey man, If, you can't figure it out then you are not black.


However, he is black, okay? Don't get lost in this. Why are we even bringing it up? I'm just bringing it up as a quick tutorial. They don't care about any of this stuff and honestly, my even minority voters don't believe any of this racist stuff anymore. Democrats say it all the time. It's simply to occupy airtime, to not talk about this stuff. The stuff that really matters. The Dow took a dump yesterday down a thousand. The Nasdaq got crushed. The economy, Ladies and gentlemen is not in great shape. It's not horrendous, but it is not good and it's not even close to good. Okay? I'm gonna give you an honest take. A lot of this is due to Joe, Biden, the regulatory measures, the LNG stuff, the pipeline stuff, the permitting stuff, the inflation, the money supply, all of it.


all of it. This is what omics is. It's taxation, it's regulation, and it's red tape. They're proud of it. Here's the thing, they're obsessed with the race thing because Kamala is not only tied to this. Kamala bragged about omics and was part of it. Ladies and gentlemen, we always bring the receipts here. She is bragging about omics taxes, regulation and red tape. They don't want you talking about any of this, especially now that she's got a communist vice president running me. Watch this. All that Ladies and gentlemen and everyone else that is called omics, that is called omics.


And we are very proud of omics. They don't want that clip out there. It's your job to share it over and over and over. They don't want you talking about how badly Kamala and Joe Biden have unburdened your wallet. They have unburdened your wallet of the load of money in it before. I want you to know why. I know with the economic stuff I've, I've, listen, I love the economic stuff. I get it. It's not everybody's wheelhouse. This is super important. You understand this, they are in a really bad spot right now. The Biden Powell, Janet Yellen, Kamala Harris, federal Reserve Treasury, they're in a really bad spot.


They desperately wanna cut interest rates to make money cheap again. However, if they cut interest rates and we get another massive spike in inflation before the Election, that's the end of their campaign. So they're in this weird spot right now, this Biden Fed treasury regime where they go, where they say, do we let the inflation happen or do we cause a recession? They did this. Listen to the brilliant Peter St. Orange explain this. It's about a minute clip. He talks about this trap they're in right now with interest rates. If the Fed lowers interest rates to make money cheap to get it into the economy, to save it from a recession, they cause inflation.


However, if they don't, they may be staring at a recession. This is what happens when you engage in shitty economic policies. Listen to this. Recession triggered reads the headline from zero hedge as jobs collapse on employment jumps and the dreaded recessionary Sam rule triggers The Fed seems to agree with markets now predicting a half point rate cut in September and two of America's largest banks, JP Morgan and the city predicting another half point cut at the following fed meeting in November, just days after the Election, a full point in two meetings qualifies as panic in central banking and considering inflation is still in full swing and the Fed knows darn well that rate cuts make inflation go up.


I would strongly suggest the Fed is battening down for a hurricane. Whatever sweet nothings Jerome Powell is peddling these days to make sure the Normies get blindsided. Folks say, have no easy way out of this, none. Now I'm gonna be straight with you the first few months of a Trump presidency. If he wins, we may be looking at even in the first year some problems too. So what's the answer, Dan? The answer is, keep interest rates where they are. Crush inflation first. If, you don't have sound money, you have nothing. Get people interested in investing again with interest rates that attract people to money and not to assets. And then eventually we'll do what happened with Reagan, where hopefully by the end of Trump's term, the second, third, and fourth year where back to economic growth with sound money again, the Biden team wants to do the exact opposite, spend more lower interest rates, blow inflation through the roof.


And in case you think any of this is made up and I'm exaggerating the radical, the the, the, the radical tinge, the radical lipstick put on the Kamala Harris Walls ticket. Here's Kamala Harris and another clip you should be sharing left and right You. Know the woke stuff, cut off your kids' balls, all that stuff. Teach your kids about sex in kindergarten. You know, have guys beat the shit outta women in a boxing ring at the Olympics and say, Hey, it's all woke. Kamala Harris loves this stuff. She, matter of fact, thinks we should be more woke. It's not me saying it, it's her. Share this with all your friends. Check this out. You Know, we have to stay woke like everybody needs to be woke and you can talk about if you're the wokes or woke, but just stay more woke than less woke.


Yeah, The Cackler in chief here wants you to be more woke. Men. Beating the shit out of women in a boxing ring apparently is not woke enough for Kamala Harris. Those are her words. This stuff all needs to be spread around and to show you how delusional these people are. Folks, did you catch this clip on Pelosi? Now again, this got lost a little bit. Pelosi does this interview with Sir, you know sir, sir Leslie stalls, you've be knighted.


You know, sir, here's Pelosi in an interview with Leslie Stahl from 60 Minutes. She talks about Biden being on route Mount Rushmore. Everybody laughed at that and I'll play that part too, but I want you to listen to the beginning here. It's more important than the stupid Mount Rushmore comment. This woman is totally detached from reality. Listen to this, check this out. Had you seen a decline in Joe Biden and did you think he needed to step aside? No. My whole point was whatever he decides, but we have to have a more aggressive campaign.


She mentioned his many accomplishments, including his forceful leadership of the NATO summit with other western heads of state. So he was in a, a good place to make whatever decision the top of his game. Such a consequential president of the United States, a Mount Rushmore kind of president of the United States want to know what comes next. You say That he belongs up there on Mount Rushmore Lincoln and Joe Biden, But you got Teddy Roosevelt up there and he's wonderful don. Don't say take him down, but you can add Biden. By the way, hat tip Western Lensman, another great follow on X.


Great videos there. Check it out. Really forget the stupid Mount Rushmore thing. We could riff on that all day. It's just dumb. You notice she told sir, she didn't see or notice of decline in Joe Biden, so you, you didn't notice a decline, but he's so great. He should be on Mount Rushmore, but yet you still wanted the exact same guy with no decline to step aside. Kind of weird, right? It's like Pelosi, who's typically smarter than this. Forgot her own answer. They are so afraid to piss this guy off and yet they state things that are patently ridiculous. He's so great.


He's the same person he always was, but I wanted him to resign and leave office or leave office and not run. Again. Both of those things can't possibly be true. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. Thank you so much too for following us. We have been on the top charts on Apple and Spotify. For audio on the podcast, it's free. Just go to Apple podcasts and spotify.com and just find our podcast. Click follow and as always, follow the video version. Join the live chat. We get about 150,000 people a day with one of the top streams in the whole world. You see it on the screen. Rumble dot com slash bonino. A big thank you. Click that free follow button. Follow us free download the Rumble app. We really, really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in just a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM Eastern Time for the live stream tomorrow.


See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.