
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Did I, did I, did I, did I not tell you? Did I not, did I not see Castaway with Tom Hanks? Look at what we have created. I told you, you gotta do the rock and sock and robots, man, yesterday. Freaking heads were exploding everywhere. I mean exploding. Explo on tv, eyeballs popping out, vocal chords, ears falling off, craniums opening up.


Brains coming out of p. Heads exploding everywhere. Pete Hegseth. Oh my god, John Ratcliffe. What's a deep state? People freaking out. This isn't the way the government screws over America. We can't have a Pete he than a John Radcliffe. And what did I tell you? What did I tell you? Now all of a sudden, you're not hearing much about Pete Hegseth. Why? Because they're busy exploding their heads over Tulsa. I mean Matt. I mean to I mean they don't even, no, I'm not doing the Trump dance. you know, the Trump dance? This is the rock. And so robots, which conveniently, ironically, looks the same.


It's the only way to roll brothers and sisters. Did I not tell you? Cutesy time is over. What do you think cutesy time is over looks like. Now I know I'm not lecturing any of you all. You're smart people. I love you all. You're my crew. But do you see the swampy on our side? Melting down over Matt Gaetz and Tulsi Gabbard at Ag and d and I, respectively. They don't understand. Cutesy. Time is over. It's over, bro. It's over.


We got a lot to talk about today. And I mean a lot. Everyone watch the heads explode. Pack it back in, pack it back in.


Beam Cyber Sale is here. Bino listeners enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino using Code Bonino. Don't miss Beams. Biggest sale of the year. Thanks Beam lot to get to today, including I I have a pretty honest take on this.


Very serious about the Matt Gates at ag. 'cause we haven't agreed on everything. I think that's pretty obvious. If you're a regular listener, show So I. Think I can give a pretty fair assessment. Stay tuned.


Hey, for over 10 years, Patriot Mobile has been America's only Christian conservative wireless provider standing behind their service and their values as a company. They're an example of putting the cause I had of profits. It's why I'm proud to partner with them right now. You can get their every Friday matters special today. Patriot Mobile's giving away a away, a brand new smartphone when you out there make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, giving you access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the left. When you switch to Patriot Mobile, you're supporting a company that believes in free speech, religious freedom, the sanctity of life, the Second Amendment and more. They're 100% US based. Customer service team makes switching easy. Keep your number and for a limited time, get a free smartphone. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo code Friday. That's a free smartphone offer, eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time offer or until supplies run out, terms and conditions apply. So join me, make the switch today. Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Alright, fellas, let's get this party started. Folks, always, always, someone has sent me a really nice compliment. you know, the, the hat tip to Tim Pool? Tim Pool, he's a great Tim cast. He has the one of the best live streams out there at night. We love Tim Pool. He said a very nice compliment out there. He was like, you know, guys, Dan Bonino is the news. I'm not the, you guys are the news. You guys have made the news. But one of the things I think you guys really enjoy about the show, I hope, is that I try to fit things into a construct that makes sense. You always gauge the success of a tactic by the response of your opponent. Do you notice how the response to Rubio and Ratcliffe has been muted? But the response to Gates and Hegseth hasn't. The left is losing their minds.


Pete Hegseth is now the nominee for defense secretary. A huge job running the Pentagon and Gates at ag. Folks, the all the right people are losing their minds. This is what I mean by this. I want you please, you know, get them the, those horse blinkers on right here. Look straight ahead. This is super important. When the people who hate you and have weaponized government to destroy the constitutional republic, Donald Trump and you, the MAGA crowd, when the people who hate you are furious about something, they're furious about it for a reason. Because they know there is a legal reckoning coming. That's why. And Trump, you've gotta trust the plan. Trust, trust. What he's doing now does, gosh, I I wanna fuck this up.


Now, does it make sense why he's appointing people in this order? Some people, folks are more mainstream picks. I told you yesterday, please listen to the show and some of you got upset at me. It's fine. It's a family. I'm not the king here. I'm not the dad. I'm just part of the family like anyone else. I'm your uncle who likes some Casa Dragones once in a while, that's it. But your uncle's been around a little bit. I said to you, you're not gonna like every pick because Trump is gaming this out perfectly. Folks in the chat, do you see what he's doing? Seriously put it in there. I'm reading. He's announcing some picks that are loyalists.


He's not putting anyone who's not loyal in there, but, you know, may not have been the hardest conservatives or MAGA people in the past, but are loyal to him. And he knows he'll get the job done. Got a Rubio. You gotta know him. A Stefanik. Elise Elden. I'm not knocking these people down, I'm just saying he's announcing some of them. He quiets down the temperature on and then boom, boom, the pe who's got the people's elbow? Rock it in the chat. The people's elbow comes down. The people's elbow. This is what rock and sock robots is. You hit 'em, you hit him, you hit him. Then all of a sudden they're like, oh, this doesn't hurt. So There, it's there, there people's elbow man just comes off the top row.


Macho man. Savage style. Do you see what he do you think this is, do you think this is being done by accident? Trust your guy. No, not there it is. There it is a chat. You guys are rocking it, man. Yeah, I love you guys. Trust your guy. Who, Dan? No. Yeah, trust me. But Trump knows what he's doing, man. Give this guy some time. So I. Let me just say a couple things. Cutesy time is definitely over. All right? This is what cutesy time is over looks like. All the right people are pissed off. And you know, I'm giving you an honest take. 'cause I've never bullshitted you. I don't agree with Matt Gates on everything.


I thought the the speaker plan you heard me on. You heard me on the show. I wish we had an exit plan. A better ramp. I think it worked out. I mean. Listen, we can work on Johnson. There's a lot to improve there. McCarthy. Who knows I mean? We'll see in the long term if we can get some legislation passed, however, but you gotta, let's be straight. you know, we, we always have, we haven't always seen eye to eye on things. But I'm gonna tell you something. When it came to the Secret Service debacle and keeping President Trump alive, I met with Matt Gaetz up at the Heritage thing when I did that little congressional hearing we did. And there's no one more concerned about keeping Trump safe than this guy. Let me show you a little Matt Gates for all the people freaking out.


They go, oh, he is not gonna get confirmed. Eh, standby on that. You sure? Maybe we'll see. But there's a plan. Trust it. Here's Matt Gaetz versus Christopher Ray. This is one of the finest clips you'll see today. This guy understands that Christopher Ray, who hopefully will be leaving his job, the minute Trump is sworn in, Matt Gaetz gets it. The FBI management has worked as a singular force to destroy liberties and freedoms in the United States. And they better get a guy in there who's willing to see it for what it is. This guy sees it. Watch this. I'm sitting here with my father. I will make certain that between the man sitting next to me and every person he knows and my ability to forever hold a grudge that you will regret not following my direction.


I am sitting here waiting for the call with my father. Sounds like a shakedown, doesn't it? Director, I'm not gonna get into commenting On that. You, you, you seem deeply uncurious about it, don't you? Almost suspiciously uncurious. Are you protecting the bidens? Absolutely not. The FBI Does answer, not has no interest in on, you won't answer question about whether or not that's a shakedown. And everybody knows why you won't answer it. Because to ev, to the millions of people who will see this, they know it is. And your inability to acknowledge that is deeply revealing about you. Now, some, apparently some Republican senators are bitching and moaning and griping already.


This guy Andrew DeRio says, Hey, my phone's blowing up with Republican, a aghast at denomination of gays. Were they aghast at denomination of Derek Farland? Sometimes known as America Garland. I'm not so sure they didn't sound aghast. They were aghast list with Marico. But now they're aghast. They're aghast. What do you wanna date 'em? I I, how many times do I gotta tell you this Michael, if I'd have said this a thousand times, what is this? A Tinder site don don't like back gate. don don't like the way I really, what do you wanna a date with him? What do you wanna do? You wanna, you're looking for some after hour activities with him or something. What are you worried about? All I'm worried about is a guy who gets it and it's gonna clean up the act over.


There's a plus one or a minus one. I see the world transactionally as a spreadsheet. You're gonna fix the government or not. That's it. Senate Republicans, you better get your asses in line. I'm sorry. We've got a big army of people out there not really happy about what happened in the Senate with the majority leader way race. We're waiting to see what happens. Now this is Trump's pick. A lot of people wouldn't have jobs if it wasn't for Trump. That's a fact. You got your panties in a wa over this. Get with the program. We've already got what Susan Collins and others. Start that one. Or we're not vote.


Okay, fine. I promise you Trump has a plan. Senator Susan Collins. And now she opposes Mac of, of course, of course she does. Probably loves Merrick Garland. Probably thinks he's a real hero. by the way, just throwing this out there. When this happened, I shouldn't say this. I'll say, 'cause this is gonna sound like ex post facto me trying to look like a ringer. But screw it. I mean I had a feeling. This is what I, no one, I swear to you, I, again, I had no idea. but I had a feeling. This is what they were talking about when Trump mentioned that the Madison Square Garden rally, they had a little secret. I wasn't sure it was gonna be ag. I thought maybe FBI director or something. but I had a bit of a feeling when Donald Trump said this play that cut.


We gotta Get the senators elected. 'cause we can take the Senate pretty easily and I think with our little secret, we're gonna do really well with the house. Right? Our little secret is having a big impact. He And, I have a secret. We'll tell you what it is when the race is over. Ah, whatever. Talking about it after the fact sounds, sounds kind of dopey. but I had a feeling. I, I thought maybe FBI director or something. But now I think it's fairly obvious what the little secret may have been. Folks, all the right people are furious. you know who, who's, I'm, I'm, I'm curious here. Bino, this is a real poll because this is the biggest audience in conservative media.


Digitally. There's no number two, we got 151,000 people. So this is a big freaking poll of MAGA folks right here. That's the big house plus another 50,000 Bino. If you're out there, get on the case. Yes, you agree with the pick. Very simple. Why you like the gates pick? No, you don't. I like to say, some of you may not, I'm just trying to explain to you that when Dan, Bonino tells you cutesy time is over. This is what cutesy time looks like. You want a cutesy time pick you worried about resumes and who's gonna get their lobbyist job and who's, you know, sunning their balls out on a beach in Belize and Ibiza, whatever.


That's not this guy. That's not this guy. Moore, some of you, but Moore wasn't one of the technical answers. But you get two extra points for putting it in. I think we may melt the chat again. Man, you guys are blowing it up. All the right people are pissed. All the right people. I'm not a hypocrite. Matt And. I are not the best of Fred. Matt And, I, I've, I've had probably five, six conversations with him when he needs something about the Secret service. We talk. I'm not as, we're not coffee buddies. I'm telling you, this is what cutesy time is over looks like. How do I know that folks?


Who is the number one deep state reporter mouthpiece for the deep state intel community? Anybody know? Yes. Ken Delan Fusion. Ken Delan. When Fusion, Ken Delan goes on TV about Matt Gates and starts melting down again. Folks in the chat. Who is he speaking for? The deep state. So if Kendall lady is saying, oh my gosh, this pick is so terrible, the deep state is freaking out. Measure the success of what you're doing by the response of your enemies. I know that's hard to digest, especially for swampy who are like the National Review crowd.


Oh my gosh, we can't have John Bolton, my mustache is burning. We can't have this when they're freaking out. you know, we did something right. Watch this. Well, Katie, I've gotten two different texts from different people at the Justice Department who just used the word insane to respond and react to this potential appointment. And then also questioning whether Matt Gaetz can be confirmed. And one person asked me to research whether anyone had ever been nominated for the post of Attorney General who had been investigated by the Justice Department. We'll have to look into that. But my initial reading is that I can't think of any time that's ever happened in American history. And not only was Gaetz investigated and not charged, we should point out in a sex trafficking investigation.


But he has been perhaps among the top five most vociferous critics of the FBI and the Justice Department. And not just critics, but accusing them of being corrupt and weaponized and unethical at every single congressional hearing that ever, anytime he's, he's on the Judiciary committee. And anytime Chris Ray, the FBI director or Merrick Garland, attorney General or other lower officials have gone before that committee, you could count on Matt Gaetz taking aim at them in, in some, in very extreme language and accusing them of unethical and corrupt behavior. Oh my gosh, guys, did you hear that? Michael's like, forget it. Michael's like, I'm totally out on gates. He's like, forget it. I can't do that. He accused the FBI of unethical behavior.


Justin says he's out too. Justin's 100. Justin's a Florida cat too. So is Michael. Now Michael's still got a lot of Wisconsin. I'm not, we're working. Justin's been a native his whole life. Justin has got like Sunshine State blooding him through and through. You would think he'd be a loyalist. Justin's like, I definitely can't do Matt Gates. He, he's mentioned that the FBI may have been engaged in unethical behavior and fusion. Ken says it, Justin's like, I'm sold. I'm pulling my support. He's out. He's totally out. He's like, don don't know man. He's still worried about Star Wars and the Mandalorian. He's only worried about that right now. Folks always Are priorities, always gauging by the reaction of your political opponents.


I'm gonna tell you something from some pretty good sourcing folks. The head's exploding. It ain't even done yet. You think they're upset about Gates? Oh, you just wait. You just wait. It isn't even close to done. They're still sweating. Pete Hegseth and Ratcliffe. They haven't even, they don't even know what to do about tulsi at DNI. They have no idea. This is not the Trump dance, although it looks it. It's the rock. And so, and robots kids folks, seriously in the chat, because this is my only interaction with you digitally.


Do you, you agree with me now? This was the way to rock and roll. Not to play it ninja style and just do everything slow and keep everything quiet. You're seeing the strategy now. Hit 'em openly, hit 'em up front, hit 'em repeatedly. Don't ever let 'em get their sea legs and they will never be able to drop enough ink on any one of these people's heads to do any damage like they did last time. The mistake they did last time, they appointed Mike Flynn, who's not, that's not a mistake of appointing him. Don't read thank yeah. Yes, just hit him. Who just said that? Who just said that in the chat? Yes. You just hit him over and over again. They appointed Flynn, which wasn't a mistake by the way.


They let the media focus their attention Solinsky style on Flynn without dropping more bombs on their head. And what happened? We lost them. That was the mistake. They're not making that mistake again. You wanna see how good of a pick this was for all the right cutesy time is over. Here's Andrew McCabe. Can you imagine the balls on this guy? For those of you who don't remember, Andrew McCabe was the acting director of the FBI and the deputy director. He is one of the top two or three most destructive deep state FBI figures involved in the collusion hoax and spying on Donald Trump.


There is no disputing this guy's rule role in the FBI actions against Donald Trump. I wrote books about it. This guy is knee deep in all of it. Andrew McCabe. Oh, he's pissed off. Oh, he hates this. Andrew McCabe is afraid of reckoning may be coming. G, this success by the reaction of losers like this guy. Watch this. Matt Gates, who is potentially on track here to lead the agency that includes the FBI where you spent so much of your professional life. What are the implications of having Matt Gates as Attorney General? Good morning, Casey. I, you know, there, there are so many things that kind of jump out to you when you hear that the prospect of that nomination, but I think the first thing that that really impresses me is what it says about Donald Trump's intention for the Justice Department and the FBI.


And that Gates is obviously wholly unqualified for this job. He's someone who I mean quite frankly, couldn't get hired by the FBI if he was, if had he ever been interested in that, which I'm sure he never was. Michael just said it, right? Michael's like, okay, Andrew McCabe with a history of blatant dishonesty as a run running the deep state up. by the way, a guy I've heard from people who know him, who was never a street guy at all. He was always a briefer. Like came in there and put on a brief, but never actually went out there and actually like shoe leathered a case. Okay? Michael's like, oh, he surely telling the truth this time. Now we should trust him now.


We should trust Andrew McCain. It's amazing that they put this guy on. Can you imagine the balls on these people? Folks, this is important. I do not speak with fork tongue. Gee, you remember the show? And I? We did the whole show and some people objected. I said, the most important pick was what? Remember? He's like, vp. I said, no, it's not VP's important. I love jd. The most important pick is Attorney General. You remember the show? It happened. That's why we're spending so much time on this. If he can't get through in confirmation, then recess it. I'll show you what I mean coming up. And again, all the right people are losing their mind, including the mustache.


John Bolton, who's on a country, on planet earth, Bolton's not interested in the nuclear war with at some point. Okay, so I'll take a hard pass on old j Botts.


All right folks, lemme tell you. Take a minute here, tell you about something near and dear to my heart. It's a charity I've been involved with for a long time. Folds of honor. I'm asking you as a, as a friend. you know they pay for the advertisement on the show, obviously, but we wind up giving it back to 'em. We owe a huge debt to the men and women who serve in our military and our first responders. But it doesn't end with them. These heroes have families, spouses, and kids. And some of 'em are never gonna see those spouses and kids anymore because they're dead, because they died for you. The ones that do come back, come back with serious injuries and they're never the same. They need help. These are our heroes. That's where Folds of Honor comes in. This isn't just a sponsor, folks, this is a cause to me. We've donated a lot of personal money to this and we really love this cause they do amazing work. They change people's lives through educational scholarships. They give it to the families of American heroes. But the need is incredible. Last year, nearly 7,000 applicants were not able to be fully awarded due to a lack of funding. Please help me out and help Folds of honor. If you're ready to make a difference, please head over today. I'm asking you a favor, bungee know Army. This charity, the guy who runs it, Dan Rooney is a good man, and I mean a really good man. It's folds of honor.org. Please make a donation. No amount's too small. You've got a dollar, that's fine. You've got five better, you've got 50. You're amazing. As folds of honor.org, together we can meet sacrifice with Hope. It's a great charity. Fold folds of honor.org. Thank you Folds of honor. We really appreciate everything you're doing.


Okay, back to the show. Measure it folks. When you have a combination of deep state losers, Ken Delaney, Andrew McCabe, C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C. Rachel Maddow Losing their minds over Matt Gates. Okay. Okay. And then you combine it with old school. Swampy. I hate the term neocons 'cause but this guy meets the, there's no question this guy meets the criteria. I'm more of a libertarian bent. This guy wants to start a war everywhere. Johnny Bolton. Then you know the case for Matt Gaetz is even better. You wanna date the guy? No. Do I wanna have coffee with him? No. I'm working. So is he. I need a ballbuster.


And based on John Bolton's assessment, I think we got one. Watch this. President-elect Trump intends to nominate Matt Gates to run the Department of Justice. What was your immediate reaction when you heard that? Well, it, it must be the worst nomination for a cabinet position in American history. I think this is something that falls well outside the scope of deference that should be given to a president in nominating members of his senior team. Gates is not only totally incompetent for this job. He doesn't have the character he is. He is a person of moral turpitude. And not withstanding how difficult it may be politically, this is a nomination.


The Republican party should oppose. Folks, I need you now. Okay, I need you. I need you to listen to this segment. It's really important. Fun time's over for now. This is tactical time to the chagrin of some on this show. I'm focused on tactics and winning. I say that because a lot of you, like me, are really passionate. And even when the whole gates thing and the speaker thing went down, I'm about plans and plus ones and minus ones. I do not get involved in emotional stuff. I don't. I'm a passionate guy. I don't like the left. but I promise you I win. I asked you a favor, did I not tell me. I didn't even for my haters out there, I said, please vote down ballot.


A lot of these guys are gonna be turkeys who are Republican, congressmen and senators. But we need them because of a very simple tactical reason. Some of you didn't like that, Dan, I'm not voting for anyone with Trump. I said that's a huge mistake. 'cause what's gonna happen then is Trump is either gonna get impeached or we're not gonna get any of our nominees judicial or cabinet approved. Now you're seeing why now you're seeing why you've gotta vote for a few turkeys sometimes to get a, you know, to get a solid Thanksgiving dinner. It's the only way. We don't live in a perfect world. You're never gonna get every appointment you want. You're never gonna get every single, you're not gonna get 55 MAGA loyalists. You're always gonna get five or six turkeys in states like Maine, where Susan Collins really doesn't have a choice.


Okay? I need you now though. It is time for you to put the squeeze on your senators and on your, I know the house doesn't have a role in the nominations process. However, they do matter too. And they light their phones up too. I need you. The Espino Army is the most powerful force in conservative media. And believe me, everyone knows it. I need you now. We have millions of people. I need you to make sure that your home state senators are voting yes and getting out of the way. We're not gonna get Collins. You're not gonna get Murkowski. You can call you Ken and should call him. But that's not going anywhere.


We still have 51. Even if we lose one more, we still got JD to break the tie. This is not the time for cutesy time stuff. Cutesy time is over. I need you, the Bino army to make your presence felt. We were very practical with them. And you tell them I said this. Say Dan asked a favor. We pulled the lever for you. You would've never been in there if it wasn't for me. But candidly, you can be honest with him. I only showed up for Donald Trump. Don't make us look like idiots now. Okay, I'm serious. I'm not here to piss anybody off. I'm not here to collect scalps.


It's not what I do. I'm here to win. We got you guys in there. This army of people. We did that. We did what you asked. Now we have a request too. The Matt Gaetz poll was overwhelming. There's 151,000 people in this chat room. This is not a small sample. This is what we want. If it doesn't work out, we'll get rid of them. That's okay. We did what you asked. Now it's your turn. This isn, not a one-way street. There is a backup plan. However, I told you, Trump has a plan. Don't get too crazy about any one decision. There's a big plan here.


There's a reason for every Rubio. There's a Hegseth and a gates. There's a reason for every Elisa phonic. There's a ratcliffe. There's a reason. There's a reason. Trusted. Here it is. A, B, c news folks. They're gonna be able to get Rubio and Ratcliffe and Elise st through. No problem. That's not even gonna be an issue. They're also gonna be able to get probably a couple more through. No issue. There's gonna be a couple struggles in there, and the Democrat portion of the Senate is gonna want at least one scalp. Their scalp right now is Gates. That's who they want. We have another option because Trump's already thought it through. Why do you think Trump wanted the senators up for majority leader to pledge that they'll go along with recess appointments because he's stupid?


No, because he's actually very smart. I'm gonna explain to you recess appointments in a second, but put up the A, B, C news piece. Recess appointments could short circuit Senate opposition to Trump nominees. They note any of Trump's appointees successfully installed during a recess would've the same legal authority and pay as a Senate confirmed appointee. That said, a recess appointment is temporary expiring at the ends of the senate's next session. So effectively two years. However, there's no bar on successive recess appointments of the same person. It remains a contested legal. The question, however you get at least two years, that's what we need. Now what's the complication behind a recess appointment?


I don't wanna bore you to death with government civics, but it's important. you know this. A recess appointment is exactly as it sounds when the Senate and the House go into recess. In other words, bye-Bye. We're going back home to campaign and do constituent services. We're not in DC voting. The president can appoint people that have the same exact powers in recess. I'm, I'm, I'm sorry. There are liberals listening. I don't mean to sound like a dick, but there are people out there. I know you guys know you're all smart, the MAGA crowd, but liberals don't. These recess appointments carry the exact same weight. The problem is the house and the Senate have to be in recess and they have to be in recess for about 10 days. And they both have to agree.


You get where I'm going with this. So if Donald Trump say, puts the squeeze on him, says, you guys gotta, you know, you need to go back to your districts, maybe go into recess for 11 days. You may have a vehicle to get tulsi and and and Matt Gaetz through who may have a problem. I think Pete will be okay. But that's, Trump had a plan the whole time. Am I explaining this right folks in the chat? Why do you think he sent that true social post out a few days ago? I need anyone in the Senate to commit to resets appointments. You think it's 'cause he's stupid. He knows what he's doing. Trust the appointments. Seeing a lot of people. don don't like this guy. don don't like this one. I don't like this. He's doing it for a reason.


He's trying to give them enough where they can do the approval process, confirmation process. And then he's gonna, he knows he's gonna have to throw a couple recesses in there. Trust this plan, man. He knows what he's doing. He didn't pick these people by accident. Every single one of 'em has downsides. I got news for you. If Trump were to call me about something and he is not, I just wanna be clear. I don't, I'm not hinting anything. He is not. Period. I have downsides too, folks. We all do. A lot of these people have, human beings have baggage. But when you put the whole thing together, it all makes sense. You ever do a puzzle, you look at one piece, you're like, where the hell does that go?


And you say, oh, there it was. Obvious that was the hand on the guy's. That was the the guy's hand. and I think, trust it. He knows what he's doing. Quick break and I. Wanna get to Rubio and tulsi. Pete Hegseth. And then we haven't even celebrated the trifecta. We won the house too. Everybody should be celebrating. I don't like to see this inter party, you know, bullshit going on. These guys are funny.


They were talking about the sponsors morning. They're all talking about how to steal my Omaha Steaks, which is crazy. They love the Omaha Steaks. Nothing delivers comfort and joy. Like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. Skip the holiday hustle and bustle. Save 50% off gourmet gifts. Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. This is an amazing gift. Who doesn't like great steaks and food? Get a $30 reward card when you shop early and score. Score an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino. It's a big savings. Paul and I just stocked our new house with Omaha. It was a busy election season. We're out running around. We did not have time to get food ordered or delivered, so we cooked it earlier. Put the Omaha Steaks in the fridge and we love it. I love their burgers so much. Sometimes I chop 'em up, And, I, throw 'em in a salad. It's that good. I throw 'em in meat sauce. They're amazing with five generations of experience. They deliver the world's best steak experience. And gifting experts at Omaha Steaks make it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages starting at 89 point 99 from legendary steaks to mouthwatering desserts and more. Save 50% off sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners, get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino and a $30 reward card when you shop early. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com. And an extra $30 off with promo code buno O-M-A-H-A, Omaha Steaks dot com. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details.


And our last sponsor today before we get back to why the head's exploding everywhere, time's our most precious commodity. Many of my listeners ask for advice on, Hey listen, you wrote about this in the book. How do we take advantage of our time? That's why I'm really excited that Hillsdale College is here and offering more than 40 free, free, free online courses in the most important and enduring subject. This is why you are smart and the other side isn't 'cause you can learn with Hillsdale about the works of CS Lewis, the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the Roman Republic, the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale's online courses all available for free. One I've been watching Marxism, socialism and communism. You wanna know the truth about what they're up to. Check it out. The brand new online courses, unlike anything hillsdale's produced before, over the course of six documentary style episodes, you hear from Hillsdale's professors of history, politics, economics. They look at Marxist's life and writings, the misery and brutality, the atrocities of communism in China, the proliferation of more cultural Marxism. You explore the ideas in American politics today, rooted in Marxism and how they differ from Marxist thoughts. Start with your free course, Marxism, socialism and communism today. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/dan to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. hillsdale.edu/dan to register hillsdale.edu/dan. Those courses are great. Check 'em out.


Okay, the team is coming together, folks, the best way I've described it, which I heard someone kind of fleece for me last night on cable news, which is okay. Which is okay, you can take it. I'd wish you'd give us credit. But what haves? I call 'em the Avengers. The Avengers are back. Okay, this is the team of Avengers. But even with the Avengers, you know you need some guys and the Avengers in there and the team who you know, you need your Hawkeyes, right? Your Hawkeyes and the people who may not be like Captain America, but they get it. They understand what humans are like. Captain America don't understand what humans like. He took the tru, the super seer, now he's superhuman. Okay? You need a Hawkeye once in a while, right? You need that.


That's why you're getting picks like this. Rubio. Now you know, Rubio knew a lot about the deep state Spygate thing. We gotta clear that up. But there's a reason Donald Trump picked Rubio. He's not stupid. Folks, anyone in the chat have any idea? Some of you may object to this. I'm not telling you're gonna, like everyone, Rubio has bonafides with both sides. We've gotta cut deals, folks. Dan, we should begin. We, I'm talking about on the legislative side, we have the slimmest of buffers. Slimmest of buffers. When it comes to the house, we lose one rhino and it's gonna be done. Someone gets sick, it's over. They had to pick a couple of people at.


you know, let me give you a quick example in case you think I'm crazy. Democrats and Republicans in the past have typically picked someone from the opposite party for their cabinet. You've got like the John Huntsman for Obama. Huntsman was a Republican. I'm pretty sure Trump's not gonna pick a Democrat. You could argue tulsi, but she's now a Republican. So that's kind of different. Tulsi has been going that way for a long time. But there's a reason he picked a Rubio. He doesn't want a Democrat, but he needs a couple of guys in there who have some bipartisan appeal. And please, someone said to me yesterday, I was, I almost lost it on the air. You're getting saw. I'm getting, who the hell opened this show telling you about heads exploding, telling you cutesy time is over. I'm asking you not to trust me.


I didn't pick him. I'm not the president. Don't trust me. Trust him. He knows what he's doing. I promise you, when I know something from the inside, I'll tell you. I know from the horse's mouth, man, he knows exactly what he's doing. And let me tell you something, people are gonna be on a short leash. Do you understand there's not gonna be any more Rex Tillerson bullshit. People are gonna be on a short leash. He knows he's got two years. He's got four. No, he's got two. He absolutely understands. Please trust me. Have I let you down yet on anything?


Trust me, please trust me. He's got a plan here. And we got Tulsi Gabbard at d And I. I really like that. Pick a lot. I really, I like Tulsi. you know the former Democrat thing, the abortion position bothers me a lot. But as D and I, it's not gonna be about politics. It's gonna be about national and the Intel Swamp. And no one has been a bigger fighter against the swamp and censorship than Tulsi Gabbard. It is what it is. and I like to pick, you're free to object. I'm not the monarch here. The the thing that's great about this family is this is a family. I am not the freaking dad, okay? I'm just one of you guys. And of course we have Gates. This is a really strong national security team. Folks, can you ima, if we can get Cash Patel over at FBI, that's my guy.


That's my pick. I'm Donald Trump makes his own picks. He does not need advice from Dan. I love you President Trump. You're my guy. I'm just telling you. I think Cash Patel, can you imagine this dream team here again, you are looking at a national security crisis. You've got Hegseth, you've got Tulsi, you've got Ratcliffe, you've got Cash Patel, you've got the Secret Service Director, the A TF Director. Imagine that little Justice League table. You want them making decisions or you want Lloyd Austin making decisions with his face mask and 72 masks on.


That's who I want. And by the way, congratulations. CNBC finally projected to win the house majority. It was obvious we secured the trifecta. But I'm gonna say to you again, throw that up. Thank you. Thank you. All round of applause for you. Thank you for doing it. Listen, I know a lot of you objected. I know a lot of you objected. And I respect you. A lot of you said, I'm there. Vote for Trump. And. I tried to explain to you that you gotta pull the lever for these Republicans. Hold your nose. I know they're not the solution of your problems, but the Democrats are the cause of your problems. Are you seeing why? Now, folks, if we did not get Bernie Moreno, John Tester, excuse me, the Tim Sheehy ran against John Tester.


If we did not get Jim Justice, if we did not get Dave McCormick in there, are you seeing now why the Dan Bonino down ballot? Not theory, but fact works. There's no way you'll get a gates or a headset. There is no way. If you don't have 51, you're not gonna get confirmed at all. And then they can't recess appointment everyone. They can't. It would never fly. Trust this plan man. Trust it. by the way, I'm, I'm gonna get back to this in a second with, you know what, let's just go to, you got that Thune video, 'cause I don get, there's some, a bombshell January 6th pipe bomb thing that came out last night, which in the context of everything going on almost got lost.


Sorry, you just threw it up on the screen. And I, I, that's not your fault. I got a little distracted 'cause it's such a bomb sale. So stay tuned. I'm gonna get to that, I promise you. But just quickly, John Thune yesterday won the Senate Majority Race. Okay? It's over. I I'm not wasting any more time on it at this point. This, isn, there's nothing to waste our time on. He was not my pick, my pick was Rick Scott. It's obvious he was on the radio show twice. It didn't work out. We're not gonna win 'em all. I wish we would've won that one. We didn't. Now let's hope Thune sticks to his word. It's up to you as a residents of South Dakota and elsewhere to keep this guy on track. Yesterday he said that he's all about the Trump agenda and getting these nominees pushed through. I want you to do me a favor, cut this video right here, folks, and keep it on your phone because if these guys bury Gates and others, we're gonna tell 'em, wait, didn't you just say you're gonna push these guys through because we have the video.


Watch this. And when it comes to choosing nominees, who will pass a set of confirmation? Well, as you know, the Senate has a advise and consent role under the Constitution. So we will do everything we can to process his noms quickly, get them installed in their position so they can begin to implement his agenda. Okay, listen, I'm not being a dick about it. I'm just saying, you said it, you said you will quote, do everything you can to get them processed quickly. Oh, we're just holding you to your word. We're we're withholding judgment. We wanted someone else. That didn't happen. That race is over. I'm a tactical guidance, no sense wasting time on a race that's already finished. You don't put, put your, you don't put your money on a horse that's already lost the race.


Okay? That race is over. You go to bet in the next race now. But you said it and now we're gonna hold you to it. We're expecting these people to be pushed through. You said it folks, the one guy we've gotta get through in a critical position is Pete Hegseth. We've gotta do everything. They're gonna, I want you, I wanna prepare you right now, this confirmation hearing. If it's not a recess, it's gonna be brutal. They are going to do everything they can. Do you have any idea how many, I'm, I'm talking trillions here. And that's not an Austin Powers mistake. Trillions of dollars of defense contracts over decades are at stake here.


There is not a more broken process than Pentagon Procurement and our DEI woke military management than this. They do not want HEGs 'cause he's a change agent. They are terrified of him. We've gotta burn a lot of capital in this. We've gotta make sure he gets through. It is gonna be a horrendous confirmation process for him. He's ready for it. He's a door kicker. But this is one we need. If we don't reform our military, listen to your guy. We are not going to have a country. It's not gonna be a freaking country left. I'm telling you right now. We've gotta get this done.


Gates and Hank said we gotta get it done. Here's base. John Roberts on Fox. John Roberts, who by the way, you, I, I don't know John that well. I met him a few times at Fox. Always a very nice guy. Again, none of this is personal. If he was a dick, I'd tell you he's really not very nice guy. but I never really took John for kind of like a base like conservative guy. He has been tearing it up on Fox. John's like Hannity. He's like, he's turned into like this really great defender of the Freedom and Liberty agenda and it came outta nowhere. Here he is yesterday calling bullshit on Elizabeth Warren, Pocahontas, the biggest of fraud in the Senate, attacking Pete Hegseth as our defense secretary nominee.


Watch this, Elizabeth Warren decided that she wanted to, to go on X and talk about Pete Hegseth. She said, quote, a Fox and Friend's weekend. Co-host is not qualified to be the Secretary of Defense. I lead the Senate military personnel panel. All three of my brothers served in uniform. I respect every one of our service members. Donald Trump's pick will make us less safe and must be rejected. Well, first of all, she says she respects all service members. Doesn't sound like she respects. Hank says, and And I look through her pedigree. Unlike Pete, he said she did not attend Princeton or go to graduate school at Harvard. So I mean is she, is she in a position to be throwing stones Base?


John Roberts strikes again. by the way, I've gotta give credit to producer Jim. That's his name. She don't know shit. She's pretended to be an Indian. Remember Powwow Chow? Do you remember that? She put a recipe in the book for Powwow Chow. This is who Elizabeth was. She's attacking an Ivy League graduate, decorated military officer with two decades of military, including combat experience. You're a, you're a tech. I love how they call him, by the way, a a Fox news host. A Fox news host. Really? That's insane. I would they say the same thing about Mark Levin. You realize Mark Levin served in the Justice Department. He's been an activist forever.


He's written bestselling books. He's, he's filed lawsuits on behalf of the Constitution. What is he? Is he a Fox news host too? Dead Bar Gito. A shitty podcast host. I'm not even gonna give you my resume 'cause I'd sound like an asshole, but I'm assuring the liberal DBA like Warren and others with no resume at all other than Powwow Chow. We've actually done something before and we speak credibly about these issues and maybe that's why we have a following, including 192,000 people now. And you've got shit Fox News host and they act like that's an insult. It's only the biggest conservative cable news channel on earth.


And he holds, he has huge ratings on the weekend. Millions of people Listen here, Fox news hosts dumb asses. We gotta get this guy through folks. Have you seen this? I'm gonna give you a second call your friends, tell 'em to tune into this right now. This is important. I'm serious. I gotta, I accidentally flagged an email here too, which is kind of weird. So sorry. Alright, I'm flagging. Alright, you got 'em. Go get your friends. This is critical folks. Whoever comes in to FBI, hopefully it's Cash Patel and Secret Service. This has to get cleaned up. This came out last night and in all the hubbub and heads exploding and rockham sock robots around HEGs and Gates, this story got lost.


Julie Kelly texted me this morning. Hat tip John Solomon, this is from just the news. January 6th Shocker. And this is a Shocker. The phone companies are now disputing Shocker, the FBI's testimony on the pipe bomb suspect. Barry Loudermilk Republican lawmaker reveals. Leave that up on the screen a second. Do you remember when the FBI said, Hey, that guy who we've got, we triangulated his cell phone. The guy who allegedly planted the bombs in front of the DNC where Kamala Harris was on January 6th. I know many of you're familiar with the story. For those of you aren't. Kamala Harris was at the DNC on January 6th.


She was only at the Capitol for a small amount of time and it was a bomb found. That said, really? Yes. Really look it up. Well, the guy was on his cell phone. 'cause there's video of it, meaning we could figure out who the guy was by his freaking cell phone. What cell phone pinged? Well, the FBI told us that the cell carriers told them that the data was corrupted. Really? Because now the cell carriers have told Congress, oh no, it wasn't corrupted. They have intact phone usage data from the vicinity where two pipe bombs were planted during the January 6th incident. Really directly disputing FBI testimony that agents couldn't identify a suspect 'cause the phone data was corrupted.


But as two thumbs had called it, I told you this was bullshit folks, I'm telling you what happened. There is a massive coverup because the person who planted those pipe bombs, they don't want you to know who it was because it's either a connected anti-Trump insider or this was an inside job. Those bombs were planted there. This was a setup. I have zero doubt and whoever goes into Secret Service better get those texts and whoever goes into FBI Cash Patel or anyone else, you better get an answer from that.


Steven Deano about why the hell they said that These phone date of records were corrupted. They know who planted those bombs. And I'm telling you, it is the biggest scandal in modern American history. Those bombs were planted by someone they knew it was meant to shut down the January 6th questioning of the certification process by Republicans to set up a fake assassination plot against Kamala Harris. I have absolutely zero doubt about that. The data has been there the whole time. Just like we says, just like we says, by the way, I was watching Unforgiven Ever Seen Forgiven.


That is the single greatest Western movie I think ever made. I know that may be heresy to some, but I absolutely love it. Remember the Duke of Death scene? It, it's the Duck of Death. It's the Duke Duck. I says, like I says, this was a fake assassination plot. Trust your guy, folks, the media and the death to democracy crowd, the real death to democracy through them. They cannot reconcile their position. Now, as this transition goes forward, you are going to see more messaging, confusion on the left. They don't know what to do. They're trying to balance to their, you have to remember they were telling their listeners and their viewers at M-S-N-B-C and elsewhere that Donald Trump was actually Hitler don don't mean like biologically Hitler.


He's said I mean like actually Hitler. In that they shared the same Nazi Nazi ideology, a position so stupid. Only a moron or a liberal would believe it. Some of them did. I know it's hard for you to process. Come on. They didn't really believe. No, they did. So now they're having a real problem. you know, adjusting their message as a transition happens, and Biden and Trump are shaking hands in the oval. I thought he was Hitler. Now they have to acknowledge that they were lying the whole time trying to scare their people. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre completely overwhelmed and confused about this question. Has no idea he had to, how to answer it. This isn gonna be a big problem going forward. Check this out. In the meeting We saw a unified front related to a transition in, in the Oval Office meeting.


But a lot was said on the campaign trail like Trump is a dangerous threat to our country and our democracy. Was there an apology today? I'm sorry? Was there An apology from apology from President Biden for the, the words, some of the words used? So you, an apology from the President, president Biden to President-elect Trump for some of the words that was used on the campaign trail. Look, And I've answered this a couple of times about a threat to democracy in the past week. The President is going to always feel obligated to be honest with the American people. What he says still stands, and it's not just him. You heard this from former staffers.


You've heard that from the former chief of staff, John Kelly and others. You've heard it directly from the president. President-elect, the former president about enemy of the people. Very, very clear. Very clear. What we want to be also very clear about is the importance of listening to the will of the American people. How the hell can you listen to the will of the American people if they just picked what you told everyone was Hitler and a Nazi. Folks, this is a real problem going forward. Let me, can I, can I do a thought exercise with you?


I know this stuff is typically stupid, but in this case it'll matter. I I get so many people out there. I get so many people out there who are genuinely confused. They're like, no way, Dan. They didn't believe. I'm telling you, they believe it. If there was a person you really trusted in politics, right? Let's say it was Trump for example, and he tells you, he loses to what some Barack Obama type and says, this guy's a communist who's gonna come in tomorrow and crush the country. There's gonna be a bunch of people who are gonna buy it. They don't wanna see the guy in there shaking hands. They're having the same problem on the left. They don't know where to go with it. It was always bullshit. Here's a quick video you have from CNN. Here's a bunch of Biden staffers out there yesterday, taking pictures of the moment Trump arrived.


What do you want a picture of Hitler for? I don't say you're gonna show your family. Hey, look, we met Hitler today. Here, watch this CNN report. Check this out. We're Sitting here as Caitlin was on looking at that imagery and it's really stunning. Those are, those are Biden staffers. They're in the EOB. Some of them are lower level, some of them perhaps a little bit higher, but they're there to watch a history moment being made that nobody standing there wanted. Yet they're out there taking photos of it. They, this is a real messaging issue. I want you to understand that you guys are way too smart. I've had a bunch of people email me, oh, Dan, they're not upset 'cause they never believed it.


No, they did. And now the left is having a hard time tactically raising money from their people. Think about this, okay, even better, kind of a a, a true story moment here for you. Think about this. You've gone to your big donors and said, I need a hundred thousand dollars, your big Don. It's a lot of money to get Kamala Harris elected because this guy is freaking Hitler. Now all of a sudden, you give your a hundred thousand dollars, you're calling up the, you got a direct line to these ringers. You're like, what? The just happened? You told me to give you a hundred K to stop Hitler. Now you're shaking his hand. Folks, it's been bullshit the whole time and the media had an opportunity to correct the bullshit and get the left on the straight and narrow and say, listen, fight the fight the right way on the issues.


You object to Trump. Say, why? Stop calling him Hitler. Nobody's gonna buy it. You're gonna gin up your base and you're gonna look like morons. They couldn't do it because the lefty media people are freaking commies too. And I have not heard this expressed any better, this show included than Greg Gutfeld on the five. He's saying right here in this short one minute clip, he's talking about exactly what I'm saying. That the media had an opportunity for a sister soldier moment where they could have finally said, listen, whatever. We don't like this guy. Here's why you think he's dangerous. But that shit's outta line, okay? He's not a racist, he's not a misogynist, he's not a Nazi, and you didn't do it. And now your time is up because now you're gonna have to admit to your people you were bullshitting the whole time. This is an unbelievable clip.


Watch every second of this. Check this out, Greg. How do you think the Democrat party's autopsy is going? Well, first of all, the media is like the creep that's responsible for the disappearance of his spouse. But then volunteers could lead the search party. you know, in this case it's a disappearance of truth and they lied about everything, but they're offering their help, you know, to expose the suspects, comb the fields, put flyers up on telephone poles, but the jig is up. It's not about left or right anymore. We know that you are the real killer. oj It's the media that fed the hoaxes that created this complete don don't know mental breakdown identity politics is, has to go, but it has this permanent flaw.


It can only work by telling you who isn't included. As it tells you who is. When you, when you look at the people that are important, it creates a hierarchy and it pisses people off. In this case, it was black men, Hispanic men. So how do you rectify this when you've raised a generation on basically junk food for your soul? It's, it's toxic. I mean, you have to admit, if you abandoned it, you're gonna lose a faction. But it's, but you know that it's a small faction. This is the bandaid that you actually have to pull off. They don't wanna rip off the bandaid. For those of you who don't remember the sister soldier moment, it's critical. You understand this. Please look it up.


It was when Bill Clinton was asked as president to condemn this rapper, sister Soldier who put out this song with these lyrics and everybody told him, don't do it. You're gonna offend this community, that community, leave it alone. And he went out and did it. And you know what? He went out and did it. And a lot of Republicans and others were like, okay, I may not like the guy, but at least he did it. That's what a sister soldier moment is. It's when you do something that the, the, the the right thing and not the easy thing. The media had that opportunity. They didn't do it. And their credibility is now shit, nobody believes them here. You want more evidence. Again, what has two thumbs and told you? jds, the guy, this guy, here's a guy Benson tweet how it started, here's how it's going.


For JD Vance, he entered the race with the worst favorability ratings of any VP pick in the modern polling area. Leave that. Why is that, by the way? Leave that up. Why not? Because of jd. I told you. Cut through the bullshit. This guy's amazing. He's gonna be great. The media said he's weird. Well, how well did that stick double barrel, middle finger. It didn't. JD ended the campaign as the only candidate on either major ticket with a positive favorability score amongst the electorate. Extraordinary. It's Thank you guy, but it's not extraordinary. If you knew jd, I told you what the media was gonna do and because nobody trusts these idiots anymore and everybody's laughing at them, JD went from being attacked as weird to people going, well, the media said he is weird, so that probably means he isn't weird.


Let me look into it. Oh, well, not as he. Not weird. This guy's a really great candidate. by the way, keep your eyes on this. In Pennsylvania, they're trying to steal that Pennsylvania Senate race. I don't think they're gonna be successful. But after the norm, Coleman Al Franken debacle in Minnesota, I'm not so sure. Be very careful. Keep your eyes on Pennsylvania. Where Mark Elias and Bob Casey are trying to steal the I mean outright steal. Of course they're election deniers, but keep your eye on his a tweet up about this. Their lawyers are actually in court right now arguing to count ballots of non-registered voters. Unsigned mail-in ballots, mail-in ballots without dates and ballots cast in a county where the voter does not live. In other words, illegal ballots.


Why? Because that's what the Democrats do. They're election deniers. Be very careful about that race. Really keep your eyes on it. Those people are the real election deniers. Folks, thank you so much. Please tune in tomorrow. We got a producer show for you. It's gonna be a great one. Download the Rumble app. Rumble has had an amazing week. We need your support. We need your support. We cannot do without you. Download the Rumble app. Please go to the app store. It is free. Watch us every day at 11:00 AM What do we have? 198,000 today? Did we reach 200? We were almost there. 198,000. We have the number one political live stream in the world. The Dan Bongino Show. We love having you here. 11:00 AM every day Eastern Time. Join us also, please give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify.


I'll see you here on the radio show in a little bit and it'll be a producer's show for you tomorrow. Don't miss it. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.