
Hey there. Welcome to VINCE on a Friday. Great to have you with us. Just got done a huge conversation with the border czar, Tom Holman. He's a busy man. He couldn't exactly do it live, so we just, we just concluded it a moment ago. You're gonna be watching that here during the program. Can't wait to share that with you. And a lot of really, really fascinating information going on in terms of the Trump administration's effort to conduct the mass deportations that you voted for. You wanted mass deportations, they're delivering mass deportations, a lot of aggression going on behind the scenes. We'll explore some of what we've learned, and of course, you'll hear from Tom Holman himself coming up on the program. Great to have you with us.


As always, if you're listening on the podcast, you can watch the show live. That's at rumble.com/ VINCE. And after you're done with that, well, you got the National Radio Show too. I do that every day from 12 to three Eastern Time. You can find out more about that at the VINCE show.com. You can find your radio station or watch it rumble.com/ VINCE, great to have you with us as we head into this excellent weekend in America.


Gotta thank the sponsors of the program. You know, I'm, I'm happy to introduce Smalls. This podcast is sponsored by Smalls. You know what smalls is? Is your cat having digestive issues? Your cat, or is your cat simply in need of a diet upgrade? If so, you should check out Smalls. This show is sponsored by Smalls. Smalls Cat Food is protein packed recipes made with preservative free ingredients that you would find in your own fridge, and it's delivered right to your door. That's why cats.com named Smalls their best overall soft cat food. Here's a review from a Real Smalls customer, Jennifer. Jennifer said, after every feeding, he gets this burst of energy and starts running around the house and his fur is softer and more vibrant with higher contrast. Honestly, I wouldn't recommend anything else. Jennifer says, after switching to Smalls, a survey shows about 88% of cat owners report overall health improvements. And you can see that when your pet gets a healthier diet, you can instantly see the difference. It's a big deal. So what are you waiting for? You can give your cat the food they deserve for a limited time. Only because you are a VINCE Podcast listener. You can get 35% off Smalls plus an additional 50 50 that is 50% off your first order by using my code, VINCE. Now, that's an additional 50% off when you head to smalls.com and use the promo code VINCE, again, that's promo code VINCE, for an additional 50% off your order plus free shipping@smalls.com Smalls. Yeah, yeah. Yes, baby. Great to have you here.


So we've got, we've got a lot of news right now going on behind the scenes on mass deportations. One of the simmering things that's been going on on the right is a sort of general concern that like, and, and maybe you feel this way, the border. Great. So secure deporting violent illegals from the country, prioritizing them. Wonderful love seeing that, love seeing the ice agents, H-S-I-F-B-I showing up and making these big arrests really important. But we have such anger about the way our government has treated us such disgust with the tyranny of, especially the Biden administration, but the establishment in Washington, that we have very high standards for what we consider success, very high standards.


And those standards include, we want genuine mass deportations going on when you're the president of the United States state, that he believes that there are 20 million illegals in the United States allowed in by Joe Biden. What you wanna see are 20 million deportations. Get everybody out. If you're not supposed to be here, leave and let's get you out of here. And inside of the Trump administration, they are clearly thinking the same thing that you are, which is we have to increase the pace. We've gotta get more and more people out, more aggressively. Now, earlier this week, there was an Axios report that kind of indicated that something was going on.


They claimed that Steven Miller and Christie Nome are trying to accelerate the pace of deportations, that they're not satisfied with merely a thousand a day. They wanna get up to 3000 a day as a minimum for deportations in the United States. And Stephen Miller would go on after that. He appeared on Fox to give more information about this, what he actually wants. Here's Stephen Miller confirming cut one. Stephen Miller confirming he wants to get to a minimum of 3000 deportations a day. Take a look. Yes. Well, under President Trump's leadership, we are looking to set a goal of a minimum of minimum 3000 arrests for ice every day.


And President Trump is gonna keep pushing to get that number up higher each and every single day so we can get all of the Biden illegals that were flooded into our country for four years out of our country, Biden. And we can't take the risk of letting these Biden illegals roam around freely so that the next American daughter can get raped. The next American kid can get murdered. The next American family can get splintered and torn apart by people that came into this country, unchecked, uncontrolled unvetted, uninvited by the American people, Minimum 3000. And you heard him use a phrase there I haven't heard before. Biden illegals. That's how he's identifying all of the people who came in with a big assist from the people who controlled the Biden administration, the Autopen presidency, Biden illegals being imported into the country.


And he's saying it's time to get 'em all out. 3000 a day. That's the minimum that he'd like to shoot for coming up. I'm gonna talk to Tom Homan. You'll hear from Tom Homan on where the numbers are right now and where he would like to see things. Holman is in lockstep here with Steven Miller trying to get all of this under control. And there's something interesting going on at ICE specifically that you should know about. Apparently there are a number of reports in the last 24 hours that there are ice officials who are leaving. Some of the top ice officials who are on the way out. The Washington Post had an iteration of this. Take a look here, standby.


Lemme pull this up for you. The, the Washington Post had this, that Trump, the Trump administration is shaking up ice leadership as it struggles to ramp up deportations. That's the, the Washington Post version of events. They say that ICE is get is shaking up. The leadership. Robert Hammer is the acting head of Homeland Security Investigations. That's HSI and has been reassigned four months after taking charge of the Department of Homeland Securities investigative arm. The agency said Thursday. In addition, a fellow called Kenneth Geno, who has been acting chief of enforcement and removal operations is now headed for retirement, is now headed for retirement.


So what we're seeing here, the Washington Post has a report like this. The New York Times also has a report on this subject. What we're seeing here is there are some changes right now taking place in immigrations and customs enforcement. Now, If you had asked me at the beginning of this week, are you happy with the direction the Trump administration's going on border enforcement and deportations? Absolutely. There are. There is no question that I am so much more grateful for where we are now versus where we were under Biden. What a dramatic improvement this has been. Every violent, illegal they get outta the country. Wonderful. Every time they're figuring out ways to outmaneuver these sanctuary cities and deport these violent illegals.


People come into the country multiple times, these felons get them out of the country. Excellent. Every time I see a deportation flight, head to El Salvador, putting prisoners violent gangsters behind bars, excellent, excellent. But the but the administration standards here are as high as yours are. In other words, it's not enough. They want more. They want more. President Trump wants more. Stephen Miller, who is a primary architect here, the primary architect for the president's deportation strategy to get control of our nation's borders again, dissatisfied.


Dissatisfied. So you get the, the initial reporting earlier this week that he and Christy Nom are confronting a deportation officials saying, we need more go faster. And then you get 'em going on television confirming, yes, I do want those numbers to be a lot higher. And then you see these reports. Yeah. Now ICE is churning out some of that leadership. This is all in service of why President Trump was reelected in the first place. Clean up our country, get these people out and do it quickly. Now there are signs all over the place that these guys are doing the work we get, especially out of Florida. Florida has been a, a huge partner here with getting people out of the country.


We have these images coming into us now from Homeland Securities Investigations Tampa. They just did a massive, massive work site enforcement down in Florida. And you can see it looks like these are kind of illegal workers that are, that are being rounded up. Not all of them are gonna be illegal, of course, but what they've got are these, these, this work site enforcement going on to just get people out of the country to just get people out. And you've got arrests being made. Now, this is what needs to happen. Going to work sites, holding employers accountable, by the way, who hire illegal aliens, charging them appropriately with violations of the law.


And of course deporting people who are here illegally. So this has gotta be a part of it. This has to be a part of it. And this sends a huge message. If you're doing actual deportations, if you're actually going to work sites, if you're actually banging on doors, if you're actually grabbing illegals off the streets, if getting them outta the country, that will increase what we know as self deportations. Self deportations are when people say, I don't want the heat. I'd like to be able to come back to the country. I'd like to get out now, please. And in fact, this morning on my ex account, just wanna share with you, this is something that I found, which is this self deportation fact sheet. I adore this thing that the Trump administration ICE has put out.


And it says here, if you're illegally president in the United States, you don't have to. And you shouldn't wait for ice to arrest you. Instead, you can leave on your own terms. It's a, this is, look, this is like a helpful little pamphlet. And they say, look, self deportation. That's the way to get out. If you're here for any period of time, not just recent arrivals. If you've been here for 50 years, but you're here illegally, you're illegally present in the country, it's self-explanatory. So you should consider self deportation. It would make your life a lot easier. You can get to leave on your own terms. You don't have to wait to go back to your home country. You know, you don't, you don't necessarily even have to go back to your home country. You can go right back to, to wherever you want to go.


Just get outta here. It's like closing time. You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here and you won't have a chance if we arrest you. The, the Trump administration says you won't have a chance to gather your belongings or say goodbye if ice arrests you finally, If you don't self-support, it's not a matter of whether ICE is going to find you. It's a matter of when thousands of federal law enforcement officials are working together to find illegally present aliens. And it's not just ice that's doing this, it, it is HSI And it is the FBI. Do You know how many FBI jackets I've seen at all of these work site enforcements and at all of these deportation events showing up outside of jails, taking illegals into custody.


The FBI has made this one of their primary missions. And the reason for that is because it's one of President Trump's primary missions. What a change of pace where you get an FBI that actually fulfills the vision of the chief executive because that's what the voters want. And it involves enforcing the law against people who have broken our laws. So the deportation story continues, and you've, and you do have people within the administration who'd like to see it move even faster, even faster. Now that said, there are lefties who are trying to block deportation, who are trying to get in the way.


And this just happened outside of a Manhattan courthouse on Wednesday where a bunch of lefties tried to block deportation. So they aed and this video shows they also F oed. Look, Dozens of people arrested outside immigration court in Manhattan tonight hours after ICE agents detained. Several people in its field office. This comes a week after a Bronx High School student was arrested by ice. Alabama has more, You'll be placed under arrest on the charge of disorderly conduct. Protests erupted into chaos Wednesday night outside the federal immigration court in soho. Officers and crowds clashing over barricades.


About two dozen protestors take it into custody for charges that include obstruction of government administration. People say, Oh, let them come in legally. And when they try to come in legally and follow the corporate proceedings, they're being kidnapped. The They're being kidnapped. Look, the left is desperate to try and find a sob story in the midst of all of this. And they have failed spectacularly. They've, they've gone all in on defending MS 13 gangsters, for instance. That's why they keep sending people down to El Salvador to throw little pebbles at the, the jailhouse window of Kmar. Abrego Garcia Kmar Kmar come out. Come out. Can Kmar come out to play?


No Kmar can't come out to play Kmar iss. MS 13 Kmar is locked up and for good reason. And he's out of our country now. The wife beating human trafficking gangster is no longer here, no longer here. So the left desperately clawing here for some sort of victim that they can use to justify the continued chaos that's been going on inside of our borders. And I'm glad that you got guys like Tom Holman and President Trump and Steven Miller and Christie Nome. They're all saying to hell with that, we're deporting people. We're deporting people. We're getting 'em out of the country. And we're not falling for your sob stories. We're not falling for the media's garbage on this subject.


And so, nearly out of the video you just saw, or the audio, you just heard nearly two dozen people outside of that man ca Manhattan Courthouse who were trying to cause trouble for immigration and customs enforcement trying to block them from doing their jobs. Two dozen people were arrested outside of that Manhattan Courthouse authorities Pepper spraying them, the, the the lunatics, the the rioters making arrests both inside and outside of the courthouse. The protestors you saw in that video were pushing and pulling on the metal gates. They got bound up by zip ties. They, they arrested, they cuffed 'em with zip ties. You don't wanna be zip, you don't wanna be zip cuffed.


You don't wanna be cuffed at all. And these guys get cuffed. They were dragged off the street by their hands and their feet. Law enforcement officers restoring order in New York this week, all taken into custody and by extension charged, they were blocking traffic. They were told numerous times, get outta the road, get outta the way. They didn't. So they F aed and then they f oed. That's, that's what's happening. Also, some of these illegals who who were rounding up are, are being so brazen. They, they're, they're, they're making threats, including to the president of the United States. And Tom Holman says, that's not gonna stand. Take a look at what Tom Holman had to tell Fox this week about an illegal alien who threatened the life of the president for deporting people.


Here he is in cut three. Well, he is being detained. He'll be removed. I mean, he's exactly the priority that President Trump has. White folks got public safety threats and significant criminal history and, You know, foolish on him to make a threat against the President. So it's just gonna add another criminal charge. I mean, secret Services, investigating that allegation. He'd probably end up with another charge on top of the others and we'll detain him. And as soon as he gets out, he'll be deported. And, You know, ice has made it clear. Public safety threats are the priority and bad decision. His part to make a threat against the president. Guy's. Just gonna add another felony charge once. Yeah. You see the picture of that guy, guy looks like Waro. That's right.


The evil Mario. There he is. What an idiot threatens the president of the United States. This doesn't end well in any scenario for him. Gets charged, imprisoned here in the United States. And after he is done with that deported, yeah, that's not gonna go well at all for him. So, so wario facing all sorts of consequences for his actions. He, he's also finding out how this is gonna go. This is very, very good news going on as as these guys are actually enforcing the law. Thankful, thankful for that. One other big piece here that we need to give you an update on. I've been telling you about child trafficking and how it's been such a problem in the United States.


The Biden administration under the Department of Health and Human Services, If you can believe it, they were trafficking human beings at horrific levels, children into the United States of America. And this was, this was an open goal of the administration. You had cabinet officials who were bragging about it, all the kids that they were bringing into the United States. And so many, many, many children have gone completely missing in the United States. Victims of both human and human trafficking, sex trafficking, slave trafficking, forced labor conditions brought into the United States of America.


And right now, the Trump administration is undertaking welfare checks on every last kid they can find in the United States. Here is an update from Homeland Security on the subject. They write that many of the unaccompanied children who came across the border are victims of smugglers and sex traffickers. DHS is right now leading efforts to conduct welfare checks on these children to ensure that they're safe and not being exploited. These welfare checks have resulted in arrests of some sponsors of these unaccompanied minors. And as a result, the children have been placed in the office of Refugee Resettlement custody.


So the very same office that was used to traffic them into the country in the first place, now managed by President Trump. And ultimately, ultimately President Trump and RFK Jr, is now taking care of these children, now protecting them from the evil doers. Homeland security points out, for instance, there's a guy called Del. So Garcia Martinez, there's his mugshot. He's a wanted fugitive for attempted aggravated homicide from Guatemala. So Guatemala issued a warrant for his arrest on February of 20 21, 3 months before he even entered the United States.


But despite that, he was allowed in the Biden administration was aware, this is how horrific this crap is. The Biden administration was aware of his charges for attempted aggravated homicide, yet he was still approved to be a sponsor for this 14-year-old. In 2023, he was arrested. This May just days ago, May 13th, 2025, taken into custody as a result of the Trump administration getting ahold of him, wanted for attempted homicide and yet allowed to take custody of a child who was trafficked into the United States.


This is what the Trump administration is tackling. These are the horrors that they're resolving right now. So how is the left covering this? Well, predictably, the New York Times has a piece up on this subject claiming that this is, this is causing a chill. It's, it's stirring fear among migrants, stirring fear among migrants. What could, what migrants would be fearful in this scenario checks on migrant children by homeland security agents. Stir fear agents are showing up unannounced to interview minors and what the government calls wellness checks. They put it in air quotes as if it's as if it's not really a wellness check.


Critics see the visits as part of the immigration crackdown. Well, sure, let supporters see the visits as a part of the immigration crackdown. We should crack down on illegals who are abusing children in the United States. The Times goes on to say that for more than a decade, unaccompanied children fleeing hardship, have journeyed north from Central America and then crossed the Mexico US border. Many of them have been allowed to stay in the United States wrongly. And the government has spared most of them the full weight of immigration enforcement wrongly under the Trump administration. More of those children are coming face to face with federal agents. Yes, somebody who will actually see whether or not they're being abused and rescue them.


They say from New York to Hawaii, agents have been showing up unannounced at schools, homes, migrant shelters to interview the children. Let me just once again emphasize as the New York Times tries to scare people, this is what I voted for. I don't care where the children are from. They are human beings. They don't deserve to be abused. They don't deserve to be tortured. They don't deserve to be enslaved. They deserve to be saved and kept and, and kept healthy. The Trump administration's actually rescuing these kids from horrific circumstances. And the times is dressing this up as some sort of sin to rescue them.


The the Trump administration is called these surprise visits. Wellness checks intended to ensure that the children are enrolled in school and being properly cared for. But the agents conducting the visits are not social workers or child welfare specialists, nor are they labor inspectors or truant officers, rather. They're primarily from Homeland Security investigations. A specialized unit of ice that combats and drug, excuse me, drug and weapons smuggling, cyber crimes and financial crimes. Well, no kidding. Why wouldn't they be involved in this? They're trying to stop criminality. The abuse of these kids, federal agents arrived unannounced at two Los Angeles elementary schools last month.


They were turned away. Why were they turned away? Why would you, you disgusting humans. Why would you turn away people who are there to protect these kids? So that's how the New York Times represents all of this. In case you're wondering why there's a why everything is run through a distortion filter on the left. Well, there's the distortion filter, the times deceiving people about what's going on. But what's really happening? We'll ask Tom Holman. Tom Holman a great conversation with him ahead. I've got that for you.


Before we get there, I gotta thank our sponsors who make this program possible. Birch Gold's wonderful. You know, the administration has their sleeves rolled up, they're trying, trying to streamline all sorts of things going on right now. But it's difficult that for them to take your personal finances into account when they try to fix the country, that that's, that's our job. That's your job to do. And that's why tens of thousands of Americans are buying gold right now from Birch Gold. Here are the facts. In the past 12 months, the value of gold has increased by 30%. Central banks are buying gold in record quantities and the real reset is on the horizon where some believe that bricks nations are looking to unseat the US dollar as the global reserve currency. But you can find peace of mind in gold. Birch gold makes it extremely easy to convert an existing IRA or a 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold. Or just buy some to store at home. Just text my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating With the Better Business Bureau of thousands of happy customers protect your savings today. Text the word VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Data and message rates apply.


Okay, here we go. I've got Tom Homan for you. We just had a great conversation with him. Check it out. Alright, I'm happy to say joining me now on the program, the Border Czar of the President Trump 47 administration. That is Tom Homan is here. Hello sir. Nice to have you on the program. Hey, good morning. Thanks for having me. Let's, let's just start with the big border mission. What are, what are the top line numbers that you're looking at right now in terms of how you're measuring your success? Well, look, the, the border right now, We got the most secure border in the history of this nation. Well, it is even better than Trump 45. And the, and the data proves it. I mean, we went from highs of, You know, almost 15,000 a day under Joe Biden and yesterday's, I haven't got today's number yet, but yesterday number was 211.


So we went from, You know, 10 to 15,000 to 211 across the entire southwest border. That's the lowest numbers I've seen in my, You know, 40 year plus career. And, and the getaways went from 1800 a day to getaways running right around 35, You know, from 1800. But the most impressive stat is those released into the United States. I think so far this, since President Trump's been in office, we'd had a total of nine that were released from the border. And, and, and only one of them was the discretionary release. Four were material witnesses. We wanted them here to testify in the trial.


Four were, when we, when they crossed the border of such, You know, significant mental dec medical decline, we had to call an ambulance. So we, we had to, we had to, You know, deal with their medical issues. We had to let 'em in a deal with 'em 'cause they're that bad off. And then they'll be returned. But only one discretionary release out of, and that was for a humanitarian issue. I, I believe it was some sort of medical transplant issue. Anyways, so that was one release since President Trump's been in the Oval Office, the same time period during Joe Biden, but almost 200,000 released Yeah. Compared to one. So we had the most secure border in, in the, in the history of this nation right now. So the numbers, the data proves it. What about in terms of drugs? I, you and I have talked many times through the years in, in one issue that kept coming up as there were so many people crossing the border, that the cartels knew that they could send massive quantities of drugs over easily.


What are we encountering in terms of, of stopping the drugs coming across? We're seasoned, they're seasoned narcotics. But the, the true measure is, You know, the, the amount of overdose tests from fentanyl, which is decline, declined at, at a great price. So I, it is hard to measure, You know, are we, are we seizing a lot compared to the Biden administration? We're with every board patrol agent on the line. We're seizing a higher percentage of it. But we're se we're not se we're not seeing the drugs we saw during the, my administration, matter of fact intelligence reports that I've read says that the, the cartels are actually looking at the European market now. 'cause they're, they're only having trouble in the United States, especially on the southern border.


Now, there's some recent intelligence reports saying that some of the cartels gonna try to operate outta Canada and come through the Canadian border. We haven't seen that come to fruition yet. But look, they're always going to, You know, change their method of operation in response to what we're doing on the border. But the, the fentanyl overdoses have declined at a great number. So it's obviously have an impact. And I seven, day one, If you have a secure border, you're gonna be, you can see less sex trafficking of women and children. You're gonna see less drugs killing Americans. You're gonna have less illegal aliens dying. May only Joe Biden, we had, You know, over 4,000 aliens died making this journey. Yes, that number's greatly decreased. So secure border saves lives and, and we're proving it On the child trafficking story.


The New York Times this week has a report claiming that, that the Trump administration is now making wellness checks of, of, of children all across the country who came in as so-called unaccompanied minors. Their, their interpretation of events is that it's stirring up fear among the immigrant community. But tell us what's going on here, because I, I know that RFK Jr mentioned in one of the cabinet meetings that HHS quite unfortunately became the vector for one of the biggest human trafficking operations in, in history under Joe Biden. What is the Trump administration doing now about these kids who went missing in America? Well, so Terry Kennedy's exactly right.


I mean, under the Biden administration you had over half a million, half a million children were, You know, smuggled in this country. You know, taking on the hands of their families, putting the hands of criminal cartels for god sakes to be smuggling in this country many times, delivered to the very people who paid for the smuggling and which conspiracy to smuggle alien is a felony. But Joe Biden, You know, his administration turned a blind eye to it. Then they went to check in on him and they couldn't get response from over 300,000 of 'em. So I said day one, the, the Trump administration, when, when he, when he brought me back as the border desire, he said, I want you to secure the border. I want you to run the, the big deportation operation. I want you to, to lead the effort, find these children.


And the last number, I think we're at over 8,000 children that we, we, we have found many of them were with family members, which was a great story, right? But many of 'em weren't. I mean, I just, one example was two weeks ago, I, I was briefed on one case where a a 14-year-old girl, they found living with two adult males not related to her. And she was already pregnant. She was a victim of, You know, sex trafficking. So we rescued there. So, You know, and there's been, there's been many we've rescued. So this is about finding children and rescuing those that were forced labor or, or, or forced sex trafficking. We know for a fact, HSI has investigations, children forced labor at meat packing plants and factories and chicken farms.


Not going to school, but forced into labor. We know many are forced into prostitution, but as we're going out, we're go, we're not gonna rest until we find every one of 'em. If they're with their family safe, then we'll do a immigration consequences. But our first priority right now is to save children who are living the life of hell every day. And that's exactly what we're doing. It shouldn't instill fear in anybody unless they got a problem. They got an illegal us in the country illegally. It shouldn't scare anybody unless you're a child trafficker or, or, or forcing a child in labor. So we're not gonna let the media know shys away from this, this very important test We got, We got, I can tell you, based on 40 years of me doing this job, I guarantee you, and we've already seen it, some of these children are waking up every day living a life of hell because they're enforced labor, forced sex trafficking.


We need to save these children and the media and the left is not gonna stop us from doing that. Let's talk about the effort to deport illegals from the country. I know Steven Miller, who you work very closely with, has been talking about that he wants to get up to 3000 deportations a day right now. Where are we, where, where are the deportation numbers on a daily basis right now? And where would you like to see it at? Well, I've said, You know, If you, if you've seen my interviews in the last, You know, three months, I, I've been very clear. I'm happy with the border. Got a little bit more work to do. But as far as the interior operations, our numbers are much better than Joe Biden. I guess that's a good thing. But Joe Biden wasn't doing much.


So I'm not really impressed that we're doing more. We need to do a hell of a lot more. So I've been pushing for more arrest than the interior. I said, we gotta do more, we gotta do better because you got over 600,000 illegal aliens in this country with criminal convictions walking the streets of this country. So wrestling a thousand day is not enough. So right now, the numbers on the test this morning, we're out 1500 and we need to double that. And I agree with Steve Miller a hundred percent. Like, and You know, like Steve Miller, guy's brilliant. He's the architect. And I, I I, I'm, it's, it's an honor to work with him. And I agree with him and I agree with the secretary Christian, we gotta have more. So, You know, And it is not gonna be hard to do. I mean, we, we, We got, we're gonna have over a thousand at large teams, a thousand teams, which is much more than we had a month ago.


We, we've increased targeting and we're flooding the zone of sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities, You know, they, they put roadblocks up, right? Rather than one agent resting, one criminal alien in the jail, they release 'em. Now I gotta send a whole team, five, six people to go arrest him on his turf. And we gotta send a team for officer safety concerns. So it's less efficient. So what do we do? We know We got a problem with sanctuary cities. We know not only your criminal aliens live in sanctuary cities, but local law enforcement can't work with us. And they're releasing them. We don't have that problem in Florida. We don't have that problem in Texas. So what we're gonna do is concentrate in sanctuary cities. 'cause we know there's a problem. So we're gonna flood the zone. We're gonna flood the zones of additional teams. We're gonna flood the zones, additional teams doing work site enforcement.


If we can't arrest the bad guy in the jail because the sanctuary rules, then we're going, we're gonna arrest 'em in the neighborhood. We can't find 'em there. We're western 'em at the work site. So sanctuary cities are gonna be, they're gonna be flooded with officers doing what you need to do to find these public safety threats. So you're gonna see the numbers increase substantially in the next few weeks Substantially. I, I do see, I just saw some images that ICE was sharing yesterday from Florida work site enforcement going on in Florida. As agents are showing up, they're making arrests of illegal aliens there. What's the difference between a state like Florida that's cooperative in a state, like say maybe California, that refuses to cooperate sanctuary types of states in terms of these types of work site enforcements.


How, how does, how do those states differentiate from one another? Oh, look, things are much easier In Florida, Florida they've mandated 2 87 g and, and Governor de San said any sheriff for chief does not cooperate with ice. You know, You know, have terminated Texas. They, they're stepping up. And You know, We got, We got some states that really step Tennessee, We got some great states stepping up. But California's a problem. They got s sp I think it's SP 54, the whole, the whole state's a sanctuary. And Governor Newsom, You know, he, he doesn't, You know, he's one of these governors that vilify ice every day. So it makes the job more difficult when California works like enforcement. It's gonna be very important. Again, if we can't have, we don't have cooperation with the jails.


This means we gotta go to the neighborhood. We have court injunctions in California where it, it ties ICE's hands about who can they even approach on knock and talks at their home. Yeah. So there's a place there where we going to concentrate and work site enforcement because we, we have the right to do that. We have no court injunctions on that. It'll probably try to place one, but we site enforcement will be very important in California. So, and, and so you can look for a lot in California, a lot more resources sent to California. We got big footprint there already, but we're going double that footprint. We're going to take these public safety threats off the street and then sanctuary cities just, it requires more agents. It's, and that's why I've been, I've been pushing get this bill passed a big beautiful bill.


We need the money to put boots on the ground. We need the money for technology to help us find these people. We need the money for more beds because everybody rest needs a bed. We gotta bet 'em down from several days to several weeks. We work on transportation and getting, You know, travel documents from their home nation. So we need money to do this. We're doing great, but we gotta do more. The more money we have, the more we can do. And we can keep president's promise to American people that we will run the biggest deportation in the history of this nation. It takes money to do that. I'm hoping congress steps up because I'll say, I said it a thousand times. Border security should be non-partisan issue. A secure border saves lives. It saves American lives, it saves alien lives.


It saves sex trafficking, women and children. It saves people on the t Washington American Cross. And it bankrupts the cartels who've killed, You know, hundreds of thousands of people. So there should be a nonpartisan issue. And, and you can't have strong border security If you don't have strong interior enforcement operation. There needs to be a consequence for those that were released illegally by the Biden administration. There needs to be a consequence for those that get away. Yeah, we gotta send a message to the whole world. It's not okay to enter this country illegal. It's a crime. And If you, and if we, and If you get due process at great taxpayer expansion, you get order removed by judge, you gotta leave. So I've dealt with the questions yesterday. Well, this mass deportation, it's in inhumane, it's racist. No it's not. When you have massive historical illegal immigration where immigration court data shows nine outta 10 people that claim asylum at the border end up with an order of removal because they simply don't qualify for asylum.


You can give 'em due process, but end of that due process, If you get a court order saying you gotta leave, if we don't execute that order, yeah, then what the hell are we doing? Shut down immigration court orders. Don't mean anything anymore. Take the border court off the border because there's no consequences. No, you can't demand due process. You can't demand to see a judge. You can't demand the right to do this. And at the end of that due process, if the final order isn't carried out, then due process, it means nothing. And it sends a message to the whole world. You can cross the border illegally, it's a crime, but don't worry about it. You'll be released. You can cross the border illegally and and demand to see a judge. And, and, and when you lose your case, no one's looking for you. Right. If that's the message we send to the whole world, you're never gonna fix this. And the next administration, you're gonna see everything turn back around again and we're in trouble once again.


So, on the deportation front, I've seen some news and, and you can tell me what's true and what's not, that there are a number of top ice officials who are turning over that they're leaving and they're being replaced. What's going on with ice? Is this related to the push to get the deportation numbers up? You know, I, I would leave that, You know, ICE leadership is not in my chain of command. They work for Secretary of Homeland Security, or I work for very closely. Yeah, I know there's been some retirements and we, there's been some transfers, but that, that that decision's up to the secretary. 'cause you, You know, ICE works for her. I would just, You know, we just need strong leadership in there that's gonna push these numbers. I think we have a, a strong acting director in Todd Lines.


The reason I say that because the men and women of vice respect leadership, that's done the job. And You know, for, for I don know how long will last decades, they bring somebody in from the outside, some attorney, somebody that worked the campaign and they make the nice director. I like the fact that We got a person that spent decades doing this job, has respected men and women in the field. 'cause he did the job when I was ICE director. I used, had the highest morale in history of the agency. Not because Tom Hol was any great guy and a great leader, but they respected the fact that the 20,000 men and women that worked for me, I never asked them to do anything that I didn't do myself. 'cause I was one of 'em. Right? So we have somebody acting director now, Todd Lys, who's now, You know, is getting those numbers up.


But Helix, he, he's, he's, he's from the inside. He, he's done the job himself. He's worked the streets himself. He's arrested aliens himself. He's processed aliens himself. So he understands the game better than anybody. So I think they got a great leadership team there. You're gonna see, you're gonna see some switches in leadership as things progress. I mean, every agency does it. The FBI does it. Secret server does it. You're gonna see a change in leadership. So I think I I'm not gonna comment. Do I think they, they left because the numbers weren't satisfactory. I think Secretary Knowns making some changes based on what she thinks best for ice. And I just, I just think it, what, what my opinion is, whoever runs ICE needs to be a career law enforcement officer who knows the job.


Yeah. The Amen. That sounds good to me. So self deportations, are those actually happening? Tom Homan and to what extent and, and what will increase people's self deporting? I think the more we do these operations out there and we put more teams on the street, we send a strong message that if you're in the country legally we're looking for you. Yeah. And, and you can, you can wait till ICE finds you arrest you, put you in the van, take detention center, then we deport you. Or you can do the common sense thing. You know, do the most humane thing. You know, get your, get your affairs in order. Go to the CBB home app or just go to a nice office and let us help you remove, you, remove, You know, get you, it gets you a chance.


Get you affairs in order, whatever that may be. Family, property, whatever. And we'll get you a flight home and you'll get some money when you, when you arrive at home and leave yourself the possibility of coming back under legal program. Whether it's, You know, the worst visa, Israel's visa, a work visa, or maybe have a US citizen child here that once they turn 18 can petition for you to come legally as You know, relative, there's a lot of, and and, and who knows what other opportunities you may have. But if we're we're forced to go find you and go through the sole process at great taxpayer expansion, you're formally deported. There are statutory bars from you entering this country again and then go five years or 20 years to, to never.


Right. So If you, You know, do things the right way, it's not okay to be in this country illegally. You hear it illegally, it's not okay to heart an illegal alien. And we, You know, 'cause you're undercut your, your competition as US citizen employees. So do the right thing. You wanna be a part of the greatest nation on earth and do it the right way because why they cheated the system and came in the way they did. There are millions of people, literally millions of people standing in line, taking their tests, doing their background investigation, paying their fees to be part of the greatest nation on earth. Two things the right way. The salt deportation number on CBP went up. I think We got a little over 6,000. I've signed up need to see more of those. But we gotta push more information out, especially in the Spanish language channels throughout the country.


But I really think the game changer is going to be when we increase these teams that we're doing right now, we've done been doing it for the past week. Yes. When they see that, when they see these operations occurring, when they see this work site, You know, vastly expanding, people are gonna say, okay, well I can, I can, I can, I can get my affairs in order to do this the right way or I can wait for find ice to find me. I think you only see that increase Yeah. Exponentially. I I really do. I think you only see those self deports increase as we ramp up more operations. Tom Homan, are you running into problems with people trying to obstruct ICE operations very often? Because I'm seeing a lot of posts online where basically lefties are, are warning that, oh, there's an ice raid going on, or ICE is showing up at this location, or I see ice out there.


Don't talk to them. How much obstruction are you seeing with your operations right now? More than I've ever seen, I've been doing this since 1984. It's a shame because we're trying to prioritize public safety threats and national security threats. And from anybody standing on a megaphone, tell 'em not to answer the door. You know, you don't have to answer questions. It's just putting your community at greater risk of crime. And we, You know, we're trying to prioritize public safety threats and national security threats. I tell you, we're stepping up the consequences. So like, there's a statute that we don't use very much. We're using it now. It's eight USC 1253 hindering your own removal.


So If you don't assist us, If you don't answer our questions, you don't help provide travel documents. You, you, you wanna hide behind the door, you wanna do these things. Well, we're gonna arrest you, we're gonna prosecute you. We're gonna get a arrest warrant, then we're gonna go in the door and we're gonna arrest you. Then we're gonna prosecute you and you're gonna go to prison. Then We got outta prison, then we, then We got your hands on you. Then you're gonna be deported anyways. So these people say we're educating these people as their constitutional rights. Well you can claim that we all know what you're doing. You're educating 'em on not how to evade in law enforcement. And what you're actually doing is educating them how to get prosecuted. So we're stepping it up. You, you you wanna play the game, game on what, what, what, You know, but I wish the American people would take a minute to look at, go to the ICE website and just look at the great work the men and women of ice.


Do You know, You know, HSI, they got some significant criminal investigations. You know, child pornography, child trafficking, gun trafficking, You know, drug trafficking, weapons of mass destruction investigations or technology from the United States being stolen and and sold to our adversaries across the world that's gonna be used against our war fighters. Immigration is once one small portion of what ICE does. I wish people would educate themselves to go out and, and, and make it difficult for ICE officers. Being an ICE officer is already dangerous. Yeah. Especially in sanctuary cities. 'cause rather than arresting the the bad guy in the safety and security of a jail, now you're gonna force us in the community to arrest the guy in his turf.


And with all this negative ice stuff being pushed out by the left and the media, it in the hatred of ice, it's, it's, it's, my fear is that one of our officers is not gonna go home at night because of the attack, the vilification of ICE agents. And it's just unfair. These men and women and people need to understand the men and women are ice. They're moms and dads too. They have kids too. They don't hang their heart on a hook when they leave to go to work that day. They see a lot of dangerous thing. ICE has saved more lives than anybody ever knows. You know, HSI when, when they, when take down a child trafficking investigation, the lives they save and, You know, and drug trafficking or gun trafficking, the cartels.


They, they, they've, they've taken out a loop. You know, ERO the amount of children they've saved from sex trafficking and forced labor, the amount of women they've rescued in, in sex trafficking. I mean, ice saves a lot of lives. Do your research. They're, they're, they're American pagers. They got a tough job. Look, immigration enforcement's always been controversial. It's always been emotional since I started in 1984. But the attacks and the vilification of ice is increasing the risks against these men and women. Matter of fact, we, I've never seen the amount of doxing being done right now. So the media's saying, here's ice. Look at these, look at these, You know, these Nazis out on the street wearing masks and picking people off the street trying to compare 'em to Nazis.


Well, they're wearing masks because they're being dox across the country and they're trying to protect themselves in their, in their families from this doxing. I can understand that. I get docs all the time. I accept it because who I am and the position I have, and frankly, I don't care what people think about me and you, you, you, whatever. But the men and women who've put that badge of gun on every day where they're left to attack 'em the way they have, they're putting 'em at great risk and they're put their families at great risk. 'cause when they dox 'em, they're docs in their faces or docs the home addresses or docking their phone numbers. That's what your family's at risk. And it's just, it's just, it's, it's pathetic. It, it's un-American. It's, And it needs to be prosecuted. And I thank God We got Pam Bondy as the ag now who's gonna start looking at some of these and if they cross that line of impediment, she will prosecute.


And I applaud her for doing it. Alright, well then I'll leave on a, on a, a positive note. There's, there is support for ice and there's support for you out there. I wanna show you a picture here. This is one of our producers, Corey and Ghanim were, he's there. He, he takes a boat out on the Potomac almost every weekend during the summer. And flies the biggest picture of Tom Holman you've ever seen with Thug Life sunglasses on. And it says Ice, ice baby. And Tom, if you're ever out for whatever reason in Georgetown or on the wharf or in Old Town Alexandria, you may see this boat drifting very close to the shore, sending a message of support for you and the operations that are going on. So there you go.


So If you, If you, If you don't see Tom Holman here on this program or knocking at your door because you're an illegal alien, you might see his face on the Potomac. Tom 'em Well it's flattering, but I'd like to see a flag says ice. God bless ice and God bless border patrol. 'cause I appreciate that and I'm working hard, but the men and women carrying a badge and gun, they're the ones putting it on line every day. Two o'clock this morning, you and I are probably sleeping. And these men and women are out there either standing on a dirt trail on the border, taking on criminal cartels. Yeah. Or sitting on surveillance in New York City waiting to arrest, You know, a public safety threat, child predator. So I appreciate it. But God bless the men and women the board to an ice. 'cause they're the ones getting it done. And God best President Trump, president Trump's a game changer.


I wake up every day like a kid in the candy store and I'm working the greatest president of my lifetime. I don't care If you like him or love him. He is his success on the border. His success on immigration enforcement's unprecedented. And I like being a part of that. Amen. Tom Holman, thank you for your service and your time today, sir. Good to talk to you. Got it. Thank you, sir. The great Tom Holman, man, that guy. Isn't he great? I I never have any question about where his loyalties lie. Every time I hear from Tom, I'm happy. I'm so happy that he's working for us more in a moment on that, including the, the hilarious greeting he gave us that our producers loved when he joined us this morning.


Before I get there, our sponsors include blackout coffee. Blackout coffee, fills up my cup every day. I'm not out there deporting people, but if I was, I'd probably start with Blackout Coffee. Really get those deportation numbers up. Blackout Coffee is a great sponsor of this program. The owner of Blackout is a fellow called John. He's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on either quality or values. It's America First Coffee Roasted Fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So You know what, this is a brand that stands for the right values. And best of all, it's a delicious cup of coffee. I love it. It tastes so good. Every day I have blackout coffee. You should too. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE, and get 20% off your first order. Whether you like Whole Bean Ground or even instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order Blackout Coffee.


Yes, indeed. And more and more Americans are prioritizing their wellness and they're getting back in shape. Studies prove that strength training does a lot more to help burn fat than cardio alone. A lot more. And that's why I'm so pleased to be working with Don and the excellent team at Jacked Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class, and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a brand new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms, giving you unlimited width combinations to hit every single muscle group. And If you new to strength training, well they offer a free get jacked up program that has full body video workouts. Just press play, follow along. So no more excuses. I'm getting fit. I love getting jacked up. You should too. Let's do this together. Go to get jacked up.com and sign up for their free training program. And when you're ready to purchase your own power rack Pro X, use my promo code VINCE and save 10%. That's get jacked up.com promo code. VINCE?


Yeah, Tom Oman's really great. You know, this morning as he was joining us for the interview, he jumps on the line and he gave us a world class. How you doing? Take a look. How you doing? How you dawn, how you dawn, how you doing? That's yeah, that's, that's hardcore. Imagine being an illegal alien and you're just at home, You know, just stealing space here in the United States that you're unentitled to, the door is closed, you think everything is fine, then boom, boom, boom. How you doing? How you doing? Well, not as well, as I was now that Tom Holman's at my door, he's so good.


He's so, so wonderful. You know, who actually thinks that she's going to be arrested by Tom Holman and get a, how you doing is Jasmine Crockett? Jasmine crazy. Crockett just did an interview where she's concluded that she thinks that the Trump administration wants to arrest her. Take a look. Here's cut five. Jasmine Crockett making that claim. Of Course, it makes sense that members of Congress would want to go visit one of these ice facilities and say, okay, what's going on here? We're members of Congress. We represent the people. We want to know what's going on here. And then there's this whole, there's this scuffle where they're giving these members of Congress a hard time. And I'm worried about folks like yourself, Congresswoman, because I have to assume that, You know, of course they would like to arrest you and some of the others who are more outspoken in the house.


Of course, that's just me. Lies Thinking that. No, you're absolutely right. It's interesting because my deputy chief, who's quite young, still has his grandmother, who he calls this particular one. Nay. Nay. And so I was having to go to El Paso after I got done in DC I had to go to El Paso to testify in federal court as relates to the redistricting that was done in 2020 in the state of Texas. Yeah. And his grandmother did not know why we were going to El Paso, but she thought we were going to a detention facility. Mm. That I don't know about Jasmine going, 'cause You know, they wanna lock her up and they probably gonna grab her and throw her in too.


What, what is wrong with these people? So everyone in her office, how you doing? Everyone in her office is a psycho. They're related to psychos. They think that she's just gonna be arrested for no reason. What would give her that idea? Now, in fairness, that is how the way the left operates, they just arrest people for no reason. You vote for Trump, they're arresting you, they're arresting you, you are Trump. They wanna arrest you. You know, you leave him Mar-a-Lago, you're getting raided the underwear drawers, right? Being rifled through by federal law enforcement. Guns drawn. Yeah. This is, that's what the left's attitude is about. Everybody else, about people that are their political opponents. So they maybe are sitting there thinking, oh no, this is how cops operate.


No, that's not, that's not how they operate. You've gotta, you gotta assault people. You gotta, you gotta break the law. The reason that those Democrats were being arrested in Newark, the reason Lamonica MacGyver was just charged is because she was assaulting federal law enforcement. So you get charged straight up. So Jasmine Crockett, If you really are fantasizing about this outcome, go ahead, take a swing at a cop and see what happens. Go ahead, break the law. You wanna see Trump cuff you. You wanna become a martyr for whatever cause you think you represent. Have fun. How you doing? Have fun. How you doing? How you doing? The cops are gonna, they're gonna have a knock at the door from some Holman looking figure.


Now you don't going after Jasmine Crockett. So there's Jasmine Crazy Crockett. Crazy Crockett still doing it on that Lesbian Ladies podcast. And that was, that was really something. Also, there's something going on in Congress right now. There are a couple of committees. There's senate committees and house committees who are now launching full blown investigation into Joe Biden's lack of cognitive ability and the fact that the last administration mounted to a monster constitutional crisis. Because we didn't actually have a president of the United States. We just had, You know, nameless, faceless bureaucrats who were operating the whole thing. Yesterday in the White House press briefing, Caroline Levitt was asked whether or not a woman who play acts as a doctor.


Her name's Jill Biden, you may know, know her as Lady Mc Biden. Whether or not Lady Mc Biden should testify before Congress. Whether or not she should be called in. And good for Caroline Levitt not just passing over the question and instead saying, yes. She should take a look here Topic. There are some folks in President Biden's Inner Circle who are now in talks with Republicans in Congress to give interviews about how they may have handled President Biden's decline. Is the president satisfied with AIDS only sitting for these transcribed interviews, or would he also like to see some kind of testimony from the former First Lady, Dr. Biden? I think frankly, the former First Lady should certainly speak up about what she saw in regards to her husband and when she saw it and what she knew.


Because I think anybody looking again at the videos and photo evidence of Joe Biden with your own eyes and a little bit of common sense can see this was a clear coverup and Joe Bi, Jill Biden was certainly complicit in that coverup. There are Docu, yeah. Get her under oath, pull her into the Congress, get her under oath. And let me, let me just say, You know, calmer, James Calmer, I mentioned this to you before, but Calmer's already sent out these requests for, You know, behind closed doors, interviews, no more requests. Just send the subpoenas out. Just subpoena everybody. Get the subpoenas fired out, get them in front of Congress, get this constitutional crisis examined immediately, and get to holding people accountable. This is what I want.


This is what you want, and this is what we're pushing for. Again, thanks again to Tom Holman for joining the program today. He obviously wanted to speak to this audience because he knows how meaningful it is. The best damn audience in media, how you, how you doing? Good to have you with us. Make sure to check out the VINCE Radio show. That's the VINCE show. That's 12 to three eastern every day nationwide. You can listen on rumble.com/ VINCE or find it wherever you get local radio. It's great. It's really great to do. And I'll be back with you Monday with all the big shows. How you doing.