
Hey there, and welcome to VINCE. You know what's happening. You know what's happening. You wanna see what's happening. Take a look here. It's happening, baby. Oh Yes. Well, You did it now Libs. Yeah, baby.


Okay, yeah, I'll take that. The United States Marines headed into LA Baby, 700 United States Marines, sent by the Trump administration. They FA now the fo and We will get to that. That's coming up on the program also. I've got a special guest literally in studio with me right now, and we're gonna talk to the family actually later in the program of a United States Marine who's going through a very tough fight right now as that Marine is fighting for his life after being attacked by an illegal alien. We've got so much to get to today. We gotta thank the sponsors of this program.


We're all feeling it. Costs are rising on everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs. And if you're a homeowner, you've probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? Then you second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate you currently have. Listen, that low rate is not gonna save you If you're drowning in credit card interest. That's at 25% or more. That's the math that no one wants to face, but it's costing you thousands. Here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, that debt is going to follow you for years. And that's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. No upfront fees, no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could save every single month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call today, (888) 879-6460. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American Financing dot net slash VINCE NMLS number 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


Holy cow. Yes indeed. The United States Marines en route to Los Angeles alongside thousands upon thousands of national guardsmen who are now, I think the numbers are reaching to 4,000 so far that the president has activated all to bring peace to a city whose leadership doesn't want peace. They want chaos and well, we need peace. We need peace in the United States of America. Despite what the left may insist, it's not Mexico, California is not Mexico, California is the United States of America. Manifest destiny, baby. That's our West coast, and we're gonna restore order there. So the president is doing, we're hearing a lot of screeching.


What does the Bible say about this? Nailing, wailing and gnashing of teeth going on. Yeah, that's, that's happening right now on the left. And, and good. They deserve that. They deserve that. And we deserve peace in our streets. So we will get to all the details on that. Coming up in studio with me today, I have a, a special guest who's come to all the way from, from Dallas, Texas. It's Jim Verde, producer. Jim is here, producer Jim. Look, look at this man. Hello. Chat. Hello everybody. Good to see you. Is this unbelievable or what? So Jim is here, he's hanging out with me and he's got all sorts of big plans in dc Jim, you were on the National mall yesterday. I was. You gotta, you gotta talk on the mic here.


You were in on the National Mall yesterday. I'm gonna do a really quick impromptu interview with Jim here. You were on the National mall yesterday and I know you ran into, I'm gonna show people on screen as you're talking about this, A bunch of purple flags that were buried into the ground were these to honor our nation's veterans. What was the point of this important cause? Well, the first part of the flags were American flags. And I thought, wow, this is an awesome display of all these flags. And then as I got closer, there are all these purple flags and they say something about headaches. And I'm like, what in the world is that about? And then there's signs alongside the grass of the mall that explained a bunch of statistics on headaches and how many Americans have them, particularly how the, how they affect the L-G-B-T-Q-I-A two five plus community.


You know, it's funny you say that because it's exactly that community that gives me headaches. Yes. That's isn't that crazy? You're, and people are, you can see it on screen that this is, these are the flags that were littered onto the nation's capitol. They, they do look like utter garbage. And by the way, these are not american flags. And so I think it's safe to say that you can stomp all over them If you happen to be on the National Mall and break their little stupid wooden sticks headache on the hill. People have headaches. Qia A two s plus people that two s is, they say two-spirit. They've added that in. I see the recent years, people are more likely to live with a headache and more likely to have their pain dismissed.


Is it true that this was sponsored by Pfizer? Is that true? It absolutely is. I wish I would've taken that picture. They had four sponsors on there, but the main top one was Pfizer with the logo, so I didn't take a picture of that. Okay. Alright. Well, welcome to the nation's capital. It's both a, a place filled with history and nonsense. Yes. Which you ran into as soon as you got here. So Jim's gonna hang out with me in studio today. My thanks to the, the great Jim Verity for being here with me. And we've got a, a big radio show coming up later today, which Jim is the, the, the executive producer of That's, that's wonderful. Yes, they do. They give us headaches, Chad, that's that's true. These, these crazy people. Hey, so let's, let's get into what's going on in Los Angeles.


We had more violence overnight. A lot of it actually, and this is so typical for these left wing rioters, You know what they're doing. They're, they're not there to achieve any sort of actual goal. It's completely incoherent. They might call it intersectional, but when you hear the phrase intersectional, just think to yourself, that's a synonym for incoherent. It makes no sense whatsoever except for advancing the left's Marxist power agenda. And so last night you had thieves ransacking various stores as always, they were looting in Los Angeles. Take a look, cut six here. Thieves ransacking an LA Apple store last night because obviously ransacking an Apple store means standing up for undocumented immigrants.


Look at these guys. So they're of course, and the idiocy of ransacking an Apple store. I don't know, has anybody figured this out by now? The devices don't work when you steal them. They require biometrics to use. You can't even get into them. The, the the whole thing is completely stupid. And so all they're doing is just destroying, there's no actual upside for them. They're gonna attempt to sell these products maybe that, maybe that's the game. They just sell them and they don't care that they can't actually get access to them. They just take advantage of some poor schlub who buys it off of them. And then cops eventually it looks like showing up, getting in there. There's CVS pharmacy. They were once, they were ransacking a CVS because You know, if it's, if it's got a glass door and you can break through it, that's what they do.


And then they just, they steal things. Hopefully they stole some deodorant in the process. So CVS getting ransacked also, where else did they go? Oh, they went to an Adidas store. They went to an Adidas store because You know, what's a good, what's a good riot without stealing some sneakers from Adidas? So these guys, they don't have there, they're just smashing their way in. They don't have any sort of agenda except for chaos. These are all a bunch of AOCs agents of chaos running rough shot over the streets of another great American city, stealing everything they can and wearing masks as they commit these crimes. Now, you won't hear lefties condemn the mask wearing rioters who are looting Adidas CVS in the Apple store.


But the lefties that you're aware of, You know, Dan Goldman and Hakeem Jeffries, all these goons, they'll attack ice for wearing masks in order to protect their families and themselves. That's what they'll do. That's what they'll do. Look at this guy stuffing clothes from the Adidas store into a car so he can go sell them and make a quick buck by stealing from someone else. So that's what was happening in LA as the rioting continues and is now featuring looting, which is a, a classic left-wing staple in all of this chaos. And, and so one of the things that I'm interested in is, You know, who's backing all of this? Who's been funding all of this craziness. We saw that these rioters were being given a lot of supplies last night as they were taking to the streets.


If we go to cut 10 here, you've got rioters, according to the news coverage being given earplugs, gas masks, water bottles, using those to throw them at the cops. Not to get hydrated, but instead to attack police officers. Look, A lot of people were showing up here and they were being given earplugs, gas masks, water bottles not to drink. A lot of those water bottles are being thrown. So, You know, unfortunately it looks like we might be heading for another night of a things crossing the line here in Los Angeles. Yeah, yeah. And certainly that is what We got. I just showed you the footage of the looting going on. There were attacks on police officers, all sorts of projectiles being thrown at the cops, the cops creating corrals around rioters last night, arresting people.


It's, it's pandemonium. It continues to be in LA despite the, the efforts to downplay it that we're seeing by the media who keep claiming that all of this is very peaceful. I'll get to that in just a moment. Also, rioters, were handing out these bionic face shields bionic, have you ever heard of a bionic face shield? Well, the rioters have them and they cost like 30 or 40 bucks a pop online. Take a look at cut nine bionic face shields being handed out to the rioters last night. These Are boxes of masks being handed out and a lot of folks seeming to just grab them like candy. These look like they are bionic face shields, which we looked at.


Their website is basically recommended for machinists and autobody shops as a way to protect one's face. I don't think we expect to have a lot of cars coming in for repair work tonight. So that sort of seemed like the thing that you would have as a precaution If you were planning to, or getting ready to potentially have some sort of conflict with law enforcement. Yes, hopefully that doesn't happen tonight and something like that isn't needed as we see this particular crowd on the move, some of them holding Mexican flags, many of them covering their faces as they're on the, on the move.


Okay? So they're wearing face masks. This allows them to confront and agitate the police officers and attack the cops and to limit the effectiveness of the less than lethal options that the cops are relying on to try and put down the riots to stop the mobs, including by firing things like tear gas and pepper balls. The masks are meant to be a defensive mechanism to make it so that these guys can continue to cause chaos in the face of, of efforts to suppress that chaos. That's, that's what's actually going on. This is meant to increase the level of agitation, but that's, that's not a small thing. That's a lot of money being spent. You, you may be asking yourself, who is funding all of this?


Well, I'm glad you're asking that because it turns out there are people who are taking credit for this. Look at the, who is funding this? There's a guy who goes by a cine, Marxism Brett, meaning he's a Marxist. And he said, who's funding this? We are. And then he asked for donations on this mutual aid.la group's website. You go there and there's a whole group directory of all these little Marxist organizations that are involved in trying to distribute what they're referring to as PPE personal protective equipment in the streets of Los Angeles and around the country at these riots. And the point of all of this, again, is to create maximum agitation, maximum chaos, to confront the police, which is of course, what they were doing last night.


Now, the funding of these organizations is really important. There's a a, a group called Cherla Cherla, which has caught some attention and rightfully so. Laura Powell is an attorney and she had a great thread on this this week. And she said, You know, if you're a Californian right now, you should know that you are funding the riots that are going on here. They've been, they've been set off by an organization called the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights. La that's what it stands for. Cherla they said. She says, it's one of the key players in fermenting all of the violent response here to immigration enforcement actions. It's an LA based nonprofit And it's got a huge history of taking radical positions on immigration.


You know what that means? That there are four illegal aliens invading the country. In 2018, they supported a campaign to abolish ice. In fact, I checked their website this morning, I was looking over it. They've got teams of people who are dedicated to helping illegal aliens stay in the country and mountain legal defenses for them to try and scramble the court process and keep illegal aliens here and prevent them from being deported. They're full-time dedicated to the invasion of the United States. That's what this group is. And right now they currently lead something called the Los Angeles Rapid Response Network, which gathers intel about enforcement actions that would be law enforcement, and then deploys activists to respond.


That's another way of saying obstruct justice. Cherla has very strong ties to the Democrat Party in California, and they've supported the election of Democrat candidates through their lobbying arm. They have a very close relationship with the out of control Los Angeles Mayor, Karen Bass. They also have a close relationship with organized labor. And they were holding a rally this weekend protesting ICE's enforcement actions. And by the way, I wanna remind you, Tom Holman's been getting out there and he's been talking about this, but you should know that the enforcement actions that took place on Friday were not merely random immigration raids. Although I support random immigration raids. Happy to see that. I want illegals outta the country. We gotta restore order.


Those, those enforcements that were taking place on Friday, they were a part of a lawful warrant. There was a criminal warrant that they had to go to these locations, including some of these storefronts and arrest people who were involved in dangerous cartel activity. Tom Holman's been trying to get this news out there. People don't even realize that that's the case because the media has just been straight up lying. They're acting like ICE is raiding classrooms and picking up little 4-year-old illegal immigrant girls and dragging them out of the country. That's not what's going on in here at all. This enforcement action was against the criminal cartels, the terror groups in our country. And that took place on Friday going into the weekend.


Hundreds of people caught up in, in that raid, rightfully so. And that, that story really not breaking through in the press at all, but you should know about it. But back to the people who were organizing the response to this, that's become very violent through the weekend Shela, the incredible part says Laura Powell, is that Sheila's activities are primarily funded by, are You Ready, California taxpayers? In June of 2023, that's the end of that fiscal year. It received $34 million from the state, $34 million from California taxpayers from the Department of Social Services. That was 72% of all of its incoming revenue.


Huge, huge numbers. Shela also took $450,000 from the Department of Homeland Security, the federal department, that's you and me If you don't live in California. We spent nearly half a million bucks on this group, which is stoking the chaos in Los Angeles right now. Mayor Karen Bass was bragging that she secured that half million dollar line of funding from you and me to Shela. DHS did Fri freeze that funding in February of this year, which started a back and forth lawsuit. This is massive. And of course, Laura's got the receipts here. You can see all the numbers on her, on her ex account.


I've also posted all of this to my ex account if you'd like to find it as well. So not only do we have these Marxist organizations that are involved in whipping all of LA and all across the country into a frenzy. You've got taxpayer money going into this. You've got California taxpayer money first and foremost in this case, and also federal taxpayer money that's been going into all of this. So that's worth keeping an eye on in a moment. I also wanna tell you about what's coming this weekend because the left is planning more demonstrations and surely as it comes to nightfall during what is now the fighting season, apparently for the American left.


As it comes to nightfall, we, we will see what happens in American cities. But this weekend, massive anti-Trump protests allegedly planned for Saturday. That coincides of course with June 14th, which is, as You know, flag Day, the birthday of the United States Army, and also the birthday of one president Donald J. Trump. That happens on Saturday, June the 14th. We'll get to it, man. We've got, we've got a big show ahead, we've got a big show ahead. We'll get there in just a moment.


But first I gotta thank our sponsors. Patriot Mobile has been standing with this country and standing with me here in this great program for a while now, you probably already know that for years they've stood in the gap for every American who believes that faith, family freedom, they're all worth fighting for. They're the real deal. But did You know they've got cutting edge technology too? Switching is very easy. There's no store visits, no hassle. You can keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade. They're 100% US-based team can activate you in just minutes right over the phone and get this. Patriot Mobile is one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. Plus they can even put a second number on a different network on one phone, which is precisely what they did for my phone. So for me, carrying two phones at once in one phone, they've got unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on the go devices and home internet backup. You can't get all that from the big guys. So what are you waiting for? Make that switch today. Experience this Patriot Mobile difference. I love it. You will too. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and right now use that promo code, VINCE, for a free month of service. Switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash Vince. Or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Okay, look, this weekend, they want to continue this, this chaos, not just in LA but around the country. That's what's happening. And so let me, let me first address the way that the legacy media is priming the pump for all of this. They're pretending like nothing is going on in LA that in fact it's just a mostly peaceful event. Everything is just wonderful. And so whatever violence is gonna transpire both in LA and around the country, it's gonna be me and you who's gonna have to tell the truth about this subject because our media are not going to tell the truth. The great Tom Elliot over at Gradon pulled this together. Take a look, cut to here of the legacy media, spending the last few days pretending like there's nothing violent going on.


It's mostly peaceful. The LA County police say that they have it under control. Carrying a flag is, is not illegal as You know. Oh God, what did happen in 1992 was so different from what we're seeing now. I mean, that was, that was a real, she's defending Invasion A real riot. Video after video has shown that these agents are the ones provoking protestors and also making up, You know, aggression by these protestors that later video shows people were not aggressive. We are having a liar, an administration that's targeting peaceful protests. People that are there to protest. The president is sending the National Guard because he doesn't like the scenes, he doesn't like the scenes of people.


He doesn't, the peaceful, peaceful protesting doesn't Unrest is isolated. LA is home to millions of people, most of whom are having a normal day here on Sunday. Brian Stelter can always be relied on to downplay the left's worse sins. So he's doing it there. Hey, You know, isn't it funny that like we just came outta this news cycle where the lefties are all admitting that Joe Biden's brain didn't work and there was a massive coverup for it. And it was like, oh, remember when they said it was a cheap fake? It turned out it wasn't a cheap fake. We were lied to. We just had no idea. Of course they did know they're lying. Now I, again, they're always lying this time. They're lie is in the service of trying to restore what little credibility they think they have left. They have got zero, they've got zero credibility as far as I'm concerned.


And now they're doing it. Yet again, don't believe you're lying. Eyes don't believe you're lying ears. All of this violence isn't really happening. These are not the droids you're looking for. Yeah, okay, yeah, no, they are. And, and so the lying continues. Karen Bass was actually the mayor of LA was actually on CNN yesterday of course. And here she is cut for, she's saying that there's no violence going on. And meanwhile on screen, the city's on fire. Look at this. Well, again, it's an escalation that didn't have to happen. Why were there raids? You know, we had been told that he was gonna go after violent criminals. It wasn't a drug den, it was a Home Depot.


It was places where people are working On screen. So what was she's Talking of doing? This Smoking's being fired off tear, Be like Los Angeles. And we had talked about this for a long time, that has a very sophisticated long-term immigrant rights organizations and institutions that if these random raids were going to happen, then the, there was going to be the danger of a backlash explosions. And you add onto that the National Guard, And it felt like fuel for a fire that was unnecessary. Just such bull crap. On is unreal. The National Guard was only sent in because of the chaos, not the other way around.


The left is spent the last 48 hours trying to invert the pattern of events suggesting that, oh, it was this decision to send the national garden that led to the violence. No, shut up, you liars. Shut up. Shut up. My god, these people, they really are something else. Okay, so what do We got, man? We got a lot to get through. So let me, let me just tell you about what's happening this weekend. That, that, that I think is where we should go next. These Soros funded groups, and yes, they are Soros funded. These organizations are funded by the Open Society's Foundation, that's George Soros Fortune. And the Tides Foundation, which is very much financially supported by George Soros, their operation is to push for something called No King's Day.


On, on, on Saturday. Take a look here, no kings. This is the, the organization, this is the group. They're planning. They say in America, we don't do kings. And on June 14th we rise up and look at their map. If you're watching on the video, you can see here they have dots all across the country in every city imaginable. In fact, there's probably something right down the block from wherever you live where they claim that there's going to be these demonstrations. And all of this is this emotionally incontinent, anti-Trump hysteria that is giving these lefties an opportunity for their proverbial pillow punching to go outside and to just act like lunatics.


This is, in other words, this is kind of a scream at the sky day. And I imagine as the sun is up, that's what we're gonna get a lot of, you're gonna see these sort of incoherent signs being held up by people with predictable dyed hair colors, screaming about how much they hate Trump because their parents didn't love them enough. But at nightfall, that's of course when we get to the level where you start to see some of this violence in some of these cities and this group, these groups are all backed again by George Soros. If I, if I just show you some of these partners and you do a, an analysis of all of the people who are involved here, you just start going down the list. And what you see are these socialist Marxist organizations, one after the other who are really just agents of chaos.


Inside of this, you're gonna see things like they've got the word revolution and mayday and social, and it's all, this is all the language of the radical left. And they're of course, pushing for this chaos that they wanna take place on Saturday. And so what do we do about this? How do we respond to this? Well, one thing we should do is get to the bottom of the criminal conspiracy that's involved in causing all of this chaos. Mike Lee, the senator, said this, You know, whoever's funding all of this should be prosecuted for treason. And I violently agree with this sentiment. Mike Lee is a constitutional attorney. He knows what he's talking about.


Whoever funded all of this should be prosecuted for treason, he says, and he's right about that. Additionally, luckily for us, we now have an indication that the FBI is taking all of this very seriously too. The FBI is investigating any evidence of a criminal conspiracy in the LA riots. That's the late breaking news on Monday. This is, again, very overdue. I want RICO charges for whoever it is who's involved in organizing all of this, Soros or otherwise, the Federal Bureau of Investigations saying on Monday that it will look into any organized effort to create chaos in LA as those anti-ice riots occurred over the weekend.


Fox reports, Laura Emer is a media coordinator for the FBI's Los Angeles field office and told Fox News Digital. We're investigating anyone who crosses the line from First Amendment protected activity to violence and we're prepared to prosecute Anybody who assaults a federal officer causes damages to government property. LAPD, as You know, is making arrests for unlawful assembly. Obviously any evidence of a criminal conspiracy will be investigated. Get to it. FBII really wanna see some consequences here, not just for the people who are trying to slug cops. Yes, they should definitely be tackled and as you tackle them, smash their face into the pavement a little bit extra, would you?


And then lock these guys up. But I wanna see the guys who are, who are organizing all of this funding, all of this held accountable. You gotta choke 'em off at the leadership level. You gotta choke 'em off at the leadership level here. And that's the, that's the key. So an, an indication here from the FBI that something really meaningful is happening. Okay, coming up, I do want to, I wanna see if I can give you more updates on the United States Marines who are headed into la. We've got the National Guard in la we've got a lot, a lot going on the president acting with the kind of aggression that we want, we voted for to try and put down this lawlessness, which which needs to happen.


Speaking of Marines though, coming up, and my next guests are family members of a United States Marine, who right now is fighting for his life after being attacked by an illegal alien, a vicious attack. We'll give you the details here in just a moment.


Before we get there, I, I have to thank the sponsors of this program for making all of this possible so that we can tell these truths. You know, the administration has their sleeves rolled up right now. They're trying to streamline all sorts of monumental moves, but it's difficult for them to take your personal finances into account when trying to fix the country. You, you have to do that. And that's why tens of thousands of Americans are buying gold right now from birch Gold. And here are the facts. In the past 12 months, the value of gold is increased by 30% central banks, they're buying gold in record quantities and the Rio Reset, it's on the horizon. That's where some people believe Brix nations are gonna unseat the US dollar as the global reserve currency. But for peace of mind, you can find it in gold. Birch gold makes it extremely easy to convert an existing IRA or a 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold. Or just buy some to store at home. All you gotta do is text my name Vince to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, text Vince to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating. With the Better Business Bureau, thousands of happy customers, you can protect your savings today. Text the word VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Data and message rates apply.


And also BlackoutCoffee love me some BlackoutCoffee baby. This supercharges my day every single day. I'm pumped to have BlackoutCoffee as a sponsor of the show. John is a great American and he built a great company. He built BlackoutCoffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. This is America first coffee roasted, fresh. Fresh, right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, BlackoutCoffee has been the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values. I adore the values and I adore the coffee. I drink it black so I know if it's good or not. BlackoutCoffee is phenomenal. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. Head over to BlackoutCoffee dot com slash VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. BlackoutCoffee has you covered. Support a company that shares your values. BlackoutCoffee dot com slash Vince, use the code, VINCE get 20% off your first order. Alright, there we go.


Okay, this our, my next guests have a very important and troubling story to share with us about what's going on. Becky Borja and Emmanuel Martinez are the sister and brother-in-law of a United States Marine by the name of Jimmy Friesen Han, who right now is fighting for his life after he was shot by an illegal alien who's been repeatedly arrested and released by an out of control left wing da. Becky and Emmanuel are both army veterans and they're here to, to stand up for their family member Now. Becky Emmanuel, thank you very much for joining me today. I appreciate you.


Thank you. Okay, tell us the story, what happened here to your brother? So Jimmy worked as an armed security and was doing a shift at a downtown sports bar during our fiesta week here in San Antonio. And apparently this man was in the bar, already went out the back and then tried to return in through the rear entrance when he was told to go in the front entrance as everyone has to. Jimmy was doing his job and was kind of patting him down, making sure he wasn't carrying any illegal items.


Yeah, outside alcohol, whatever. He found what appeared to be a gun and they struggled that this guy was able to fire off some rounds. And the story I was told is that there was two to the best, which he always wore. And the one that struck him in the neck, that occurred at like 12:30 AM on a Sunday morning. And at around three o'clock received call that he was in the emergency room at BC. Fortunately, the other security guards that had been working with are heard the shots ran out Jimmy out of the area of gunfire, and they proceeded to also shoot at the vehicle as he attempted to get away.


They shot at at the tires, the vehicle Dr were able to drag him out of the vehicle and detain him until police arrived, while Jimmy was getting sealed. Emergency CPR? Yes, He had have a crack put in emergency cri. He was taken to Basi Medical Center where he immediately went into surgery and had a trach collar or, or trach put in place to relieve that cry and have a more p airway. From my understanding, there was a time loss where he now received oxygen and had actually passed and was brought back with fibrillation.


Burn marks are still on the chest. He has undergone about six surgeries now since all it started, and is currently still battling and having an Upwork fight showing a little bit of a decline due to the excess of medications, surgeries and injuries. And it's a long battle. Has he, has he been conscious at all? Have you been able to communicate with him? So he's non vocal. There was damage to the esophagus, the thyroid, cartilage, and vocal cords. But I have started to learn to read his lips and when that doesn't work very well, we use a writing board.


He was able to spell as of last week. He no longer had that function. He's unable to communicate anything at all. Really. Oh, I'm so sorry to hear this. So tell me about his assailant. What do You know about him? Knows a little bit more about that. He's been kind of following that end. While I tend to, my brother, I spend most of my day at the hospital making sure that he knows that I'm there, family's there, and that he can communicate staff because he doesn't have the use of his, can't use a call light, he can't call out.


So I make sure that I'm there as a, So at first when this story first ran locally back in May, beginning of May, we really didn't have the information about criminal background history. It wasn't until recently, like maybe the last couple days, last week. And then on Sunday, Monday when the New York Post posted this story that we were shocked that he had been arrested, released four times, like most of it on just like PR bond. Like, Hey, you're here. See you later. Never showed up for court filing the last time on the fourth arrest, I believe, I think he was there like a week and the judge was like, Hey, You know, time served, you're good to go.


See you later. It's like shocking. Like, wow. You know, you get people that receive DUIs and stuff and they're in jail and all kinds of stuff, but this guy just gets away with whatever he wants to do. And then apparently there's another investigation where I guess he like aggressively beat his girlfriend or something and the police are actually looking for him. So I don't know if they're investigating that now that he's already incarcerated locally in this Bexar County jail. But that's, that's what we know right now. So, So the, who made the decision to constantly release him? Is this the district attorney in San Antonio?


The district attorney's office. I mean, that, that's who I would believe would be responsible. 'cause they're in charge of the justice system here. Yes. Yeah. So the district attorney over and over releases him and the, the district attorney that's in, in that county. Is that Behar County? Is that how you say, how you say it? It's, it's, you say bear like an animal. Bear County. Oh, bearer County. Okay. Bearer County. Joe Gonzalez is the district attorney there. And the guy keeps releasing this illegal alien over and over and over again. Has the District attorney's office communicated with you at all With, so we have had zero. So there was an article yesterday that said that they're in close communication with us, letting us know what's going on. That's lies straight up lies yet.


And I have phone records to prove it. She called us out of the blue about five minutes later the DA's office called. That's the first call. We've had six weeks from that office. I've been trying to call leave messages, nothing, can't even get through the number, but miraculously story posted and now they're calling telling us what they're doing. The, the DA assistant stated that she was actually the person that was working that night that it happened. And apparently, according to what she stated, that they haven't even really started the investigation or gathered information.


I'm sorry. So On June 10th. Okay, repeat that. I had a little trouble hearing you. Oh, so she said she was just gonna start reviewing Yeah. Today. Today, th this attack happened over a month ago. Correct? May 4th. May 4th Un unbelievable. Bel her name. I, yes. So she did say there is a preliminary indictment scheduled for July 8th, but we're we're allowed to attend. There's no definitive answer whether he will be there.


'cause again, the DA may opt out of having him present at the preliminary indictments. Why wasn't this guy turned over to immigration authorities? To your knowledge, why wasn't he ever deported from this country? We, we don't know. I mean, he should have had an ice detainer. I know, as soon as it happened, and I saw that there was a charge of, and I don't know the, it's like foreign nation undocumented or something. Unlawful entry from a foreign nation. Yeah. So I immediately called ICE and Homeland Security. Somebody reached out to us, said, Hey, there is an ice detainer. But the lady from ice, the agent from Washington DC when she called me, she stated, Hey, just because there's an ice detainer, it doesn't mean that Bear County Jail is not gonna, is not gonna tell us.


Like it happens all the time. They said the guy, You know, he could just post 20,000 bucks and he's out and he's gone. You know, It's unreal. I just can't even believe this is happening to, so, so this is obviously, You know, we're, I I'm grateful for you. I'm grateful for the service of your entire family. I mean, I just, you're both soldiers and, and you're fighting for your marine brother right now. What's the message that you want people to hear about this story? What, what, what, why are you telling this story right now? Here in, in this place? First and foremost, for my brother, I want to make sure that he gets adequate care and attention.


Yeah. And not just kind of be a statistic, but also with everything that's going on. And people so outraged over the mistreatment or whatever with illegal aliens, they forget about our citizens. There's nothing wrong with immigration, but there are due process that you have to fulfill in order to be able to trace you. We are all registered voters. We have driver's license, we have several documents that would show who we are, where we live. We register our vehicles.


These people come in and out of the country, in and out of the city. Who's to say this guy gets released and he moves to another state or to Dallas or something, commits additional crimes. So there are due process that have to be met in order to come into this country. We as veterans, my brother and every other military service member deserves that protection because we fight for this country. Yes. And the protections for everybody else to have and to be so outraged over one individual person with criminal background and make a, I mean, you were just the LA riots. That's ridiculous.


These people have ways, and if they are undocumented workers, then the person who is employing them is also breaking the, the laws. You know? So there are more than one, one thing that is wrong with what's going on right now. But you, we definitely have to take note. The last administration allowed our borders to be open without vetting or documenting. We don't know an exact number of how many people are here and how many people are gang related, drug cartel related. All of our crimes against human trafficking, fentanyl, all of that has increased since the last administration that that border opened it up.


And so because of that, this gentleman came into this country and did this to my brother. That's right. And If you, so the basic thing is, if the guy wasn't here, your brother would be healthy today. He would be perfectly fine. Exactly. And yet he's not, because you were betrayed by the leaders of our co country and the leaders of your community who allowed this to happen. And it's just, it's absolutely disgusting. I mean, I exactly, it, it breaks my heart that you're dealing with this. And, and so what's the prognosis on your brother? What, what are his chances of, of recovery here in the midst of this trauma? Right now, we're kind of in a hit and miss situation. He's not doing very well.


Kidneys are starting to decline in function. There is some altered mental status now that he didn't have. He went into the hospital, a healthy man with an injury and is now going to be leaving with multiple chronic illnesses, complications, and inability to function normally like he did. He will be paralyzed from the shoulders down and she's not without proper care. That may not even be as functional as we're hoping. So we're really, really pushing to get, we have a GoFundMe page right now, really, really pushing to try to get into some of these specialized spinal cord injury facilities.


I'm reaching out to Memorial Hermann right now. She's a really good facility. And I have been in contact with Christopher Reed, the Dana Reed Foundation, who have reached out to me and given me other resources. But without that care, I don't know that we can get a good outcome. The whole thing's breaking my heart. He require, he will require lifelong medical care. Someone to assist him with all the simple things that we take for, for granted, like eating, brushing our teeth, toileting, things like that. Just turning over in bed.


So he would require help with all of That. Okay. In a moment, in a moment, I'm gonna cover what's going on in, in la There's some further updates, but what do you think of the president sending 700 Marines in to restore order in that city? I agree with his decision to do that. If the city was not in chaos already and the citizens were not destroying the community, that is what we're in place for. National Guard Marines. That is what we're in place for, to protect our cities, our states. National Guard is state side protection. Yeah. So that governor should have issued that. So the president was right to stand in that place and send those troops out.


Okay. Becky Borja and Emmanuel Martinez, the sister and brother-in-law of Jimmy Friesen Han, who is a great Marine Corps veteran right now, fighting for his life because an illegal alien just grievously wounded him. He should have never been in this country to begin with. Thank you both for your time. I appreciate you. Thank you. And then, and before I let you go, you said you had a GoFundMe. Can you tell people what that is? Oh yes. GoFundMe title, the GoFundMe is support a Marine named Jimmy Shot by an illegal alien Support a marine named Jimmy Shot by an illegal alien. Is is on the GoFundMe. Becky Borja. Emmanuel Martinez, thank you for standing up for your loved one.


Appreciate you. Yes, Thank you. Okay. So that's the, that's the, the tragic circumstance that a United States Marine finds himself in right now. All he was doing was just, You know, working, working security at a bar. Pats a guy down, the guy has a gun on him, whips the gun out, fires two shots into Jimmy's chest. Jimmy's wearing a protective vest. I know the audio was a little spotty there, so I'm just reiterating some of the details. And then fires one into his neck. And that's where all of that damage was done. And he's now fighting for his life. And here's poor sister, Becky's saying there that his prognosis is tough right now. Very tough. And he's got some declining function going on in his body. Again, none of this had to happen.


That man would be healthy right now if these people were not in our country. These foreign invaders who were aided and abed by Joe Biden and these lunatics like the San Antonio District Attorney from Bexar County, Joe Gonzalez. What a complete disgrace you are to allow this to happen over and over and over again. Kills me. Absolutely kills me. So now the United States Marines are headed into Los Angeles, and that's what we want. We want the, we want order to be restored. The President is sending in the Marines here. I want you to see just some of the, some of the news coverage on this subject.


A, B, C seven A B, C News is actually their national coverage. 700 Marines deployed to Los Angeles Amid ongoing ice protests. They've been ordered to assist and they're expected to arrive Now over the next 24 hours. A US official confirming the Marines are from the second Battalion, seventh Marines. That's at 29. Palms, California, whom US Northern Command said Sunday, were on a prepared to deploy status if the Defense Department needed them. Now, these marines, i I told you earlier, apparently some of the early reports was that they might be coming from Camp Pendleton. That's a different Marine Corps base in California. That's a lot closer to San Diego. Instead, they're coming from 29 Palms.


Now, I have seen some people posting on X about this Marines, who know what it's like to be stationed at 29 Palms. Not exactly plum accommodations plus accommodations. This is the Desert. 29 Palms kind of has an infamous reputation for not exactly being a happy place to be. So I am seeing some, some Marines posting. Oh really? You're gonna get, you're gonna fa now you're gonna fo because now you've got 700 pissed off Marines who've been staying at 29 Palms, not exactly enjoying it. Headed to LA to help bring about order and put down a riot here. We do have some pictures of the Marines that were put out by Northcom. Some of these guys, this is just from their, from their staging photos and videos or just photos.


You know, there's some images here of the Marines. They're all 29 palms. The, the palm trees are the only pretty feature I think on the base. You can see them in the images being trained in riot techniques. How to, how to stop a riot, how to hold up these shields in the midst of it. And they are ready to go. So the Marines are headed in to Los Angeles at the order of the President of the United States to remind you this is well within the powers of the presidency to be able to both activate the National Guard. I know you've got Gavin Newsom bitching and moaning that that's happening. Oh, oh, how dare he, how dare he and how dare he send in the United States Marines?


No, how dare you screw over these communities and enable this kind of destruction. That's what you did. Now it's time for daddy to come in. And so they're sending in the, the Marine Corps. Now, of course it hasn't stopped the left, the left is outta control here, just to give you an example. She's just a caricature of the left at this point. But on the view cut one, Whoopi Goldberg wants to know why the Marines are going in. She asks with a straight face. What about state's rights? Look at this. Yeah. Defense department has the US Marines on high alert right now. Now, You know, is it warranted or does this sort of escalate the situation? I mean, whatever happened to state's rights, I thought that was what you do.


'cause you tell the state this is what we're thinking of doing. You know, you don't just send people in, you don't just send troops in. But what do I know? I've never run a state, but I don't really, You know, when you come in and everyone is, when you go into the donut shop to look for people and you're dressed in tactical gear. Yeah, you're creating an issue. Yeah. You're creating a problem. You want people to come. You've scared them. You, when even when people are supposed to be there, when they come to the, to talk to the judge, you are arresting them right after. Yes. What is going on here? I think what, what's going on is a restoration of order. You may not be familiar with this Karen Johnson, but it's Law and order that's going on now.


I will, I will say you should thank me today because I was very tempted to show you more clips from the view. But then as I was watching them personally, I said, these people are the dumbest people on television. And I was, I, I found myself like screaming at my screen. I can't even believe how stupid this is. So that's it, that's the whole, that's all the view clips I'll give you for today. But that's, that's Karen Johnson, AKA Whoopi Goldberg. Even her name is a lie. And so she's sitting there saying, yeah, You know, who's making all this worse? Law enforcement. The cops, the cops are making it worse. I'm sorry, what? No, the city's on fire we're restoring order by sending these guys in. And even the donut shop reference, she got completely wrong.


She doesn't even, no idea what's even going on. I told you earlier this hour, Tom Holman said that the reason they were going to locations like that donut shop, we, because they were going after dangerous cartel activity. They had criminal warrants to go after these guys. It wasn't just random. And again, I support random, I think random immigration raids are perfectly fine in a world where we desperately need to deport millions of illegal aliens with haze. But we're going after very violent people, very violent people. This weekend, the Department of Homeland Security going, You know, just on Sunday they had more updates on the types of people that they were taking into custody.


They, they have got a lot more criminal legals that, that, that brought in here. Look at this below some of the criminal legal aliens arrested in ICE's Los Angeles operation on Sunday alone. They've got a guy here called Miguel Angel Palafox. Montez an illegal alien with criminal convictions for grand theft, narcotics violations, and identity theft. Whoopi Goldberg supports this guy stealing cars and bringing drugs into American communities. I don't, that's the difference between the two of us. Also, I don't lie about my name. He's also been arrested for battery and burglary. Paula Fox Montez has previously been voluntarily returned to Mexico twice. You know what that means? That he's a felon, illegal alien.


Not just the basic civil criminal violation when you come in civil violation the first time. But he's a felon because he has illegal reentry as a part of his history. Additionally, ICE arrested Shakar ala Ovv and illegal alien from Russia. They, yeah, that's right. They're waving The Mexican flag for this guy as Ovv was recently detained for fraud related to EBT cards. Used to access government assistance programs. Get him out ice arrested. Raphael Gomez Sanchez, an illegal alien with a criminal conviction for vehicular manslaughter. Vehicular manslaughter. Also ice arrested Edwin Uriel Castro, a previously deported illegal alien.


Again, a felon based on his illegal status. Castro is criminal convictions for child molestation. These are the people that are being dejected, being ejected. If you've had any lefty in your life who is still delusional about who's being picked up and ejected from the country, show them Edwin Uriel Castro. He has criminal convictions for child molestation and being armed with a dangerous weapon. He's also been arrested for robbery and domestic violence. There he is, there he is ejected. Now from the country ice also arrested Anastasio, Enrique Sola Salinas, a convicted criminal from Nicaragua. His criminal history includes convictions for domestic violence and hit and run. Additionally, he's been arrested for willful cruelty to a child.


That's who these guys are. That's who's getting picked up. And they don't tell you that. The media don't tell you that. They're no interest in telling you that story. Otherwise, you may support it more enthusiastically than you already do. And the American people are very much on Trump's side on this. They're dramatically on Trump's side. This is another one of those 80 20 issues. It should be bigger. This should be 90 10, but it is huge. Everybody's on the president's side. So when you see these lefties have their little AstroTurf protest, turn to riots coming up on Saturday where they're pretending there's some groundswell against the president of the United States in immigration enforcement.


Remember, they're lying to you. They lie to you. They lie reflexively. They tell you their name is Whoopi Goldberg. When it's actually Karen Johnson, they lie to you. So don't believe it. That's all I'm asking. Don't believe it. Okay, I got a couple of important notes for you. The big beautiful bill is gonna deal with a lot of this. And that's a huge piece, a huge piece. You wanna eject a lot more illegal aliens from the country. You wanna restore order, you wanna restore, restore sovereignty. This big beautiful bill needs to pass. I'm gonna have on the program tomorrow on this show, VINCE, the podcast. I'm gonna have Senator Rand Paul on Rand Paul has been opposed to this bill. We're gonna chat with him about exactly where he is now.


If he's changing his mind, if these, if these riots going on in LA where you have foreign invaders waving their flag, amidst burning cars in an American city, whether that's changed his views at all, whether what he's talking to the president about, all of that, we'll cover that with, with Senator Rand Paul. Also coming up on the radio show today, I'm gonna have some guests to talk about what is going on with the President's deployment of both the National Guard and the United States Marines, and how that contrasts, in particular with the left's refusal to mobilize the National Guard on January 6th, 2021. They still lie about that date.


We're gonna set everybody straight on that subject coming up on the big radio show today. So we have a lot to get to. And then finally, before I check out,


the boys are reminding me, and I'm thankful for this, that the, the GoFundMe that is up right now for Jimmy Friesen Han, the United States Marine is gofundme.com. And the title is Support A Hero, help a Marine's Family. That's, that's in the URL. But as you can see on your screen, if you're watching on Rumble support, a Marine named Jimmy Shot by an illegal alien support a marine named Jimmy Shot by an illegal alien. That's right now up on GoFundMe. I hope GoFundMe doesn't take that down. Sometimes they take down these kinds of things, especially when they're on the right side of an issue. So I hope that doesn't happen. Su so support a Marine named Jimmy Shot by an illegal alien. We will track Jimmy's story. I'm, I'm praying for that man today that he has, that he has a recovery here in a, in a country where he should have never been attacked. All I have for him is gratitude. Gratitude and prayers today for that man and his family.


Thank you as always for being with us on VINCE, I appreciate you the best damn audience in media. All we try and do to each day is tell the truth. That's A, it's a simple mission. Just tell the truth, tell the truth, and I'm glad you're here with me for this. Okay. Thank you.