
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. You guys are the best, you know, not a single person tuned out in a waiting room. Obviously we had a little delay there about four minutes or so. We had a slight tech problem on our end. No big deal. But I, just wanna tell you, I don't wanna waste any time because we lost a few minutes of the show, but I think this is not a waste of time to really sincerely thank you. Not only have we been the number one stream every single day this week by far doubling and tripling the audience, but we have a little technical problem and absolutely no one goes anywhere waiting for the show. Bonino Army folks, you're the best. Love you guys to death. Let's get right to the show.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every day. Go get it now. Stop delaying this stuff changed my life. Get some sleep. They're offering a big discount at shop Beam dot com slash Bonino. Use code Bonino.


I got an update on the Secret Service story, but more importantly, you gotta get back to the election too. I can't let myself get pigeonholed into one story the entire time. I've got some good stuff for you today, including a caller who called into c-Span who just summarized what the Left is all about.


Hey, how'd you choose which ISP internet service provider to use? The sad thing is most of us have little choice 'cause ISPs operate like monopolies in the regions they serve. They use this monopoly power to take advantage of customers. Many ISPs log your internet activity to prevent ISPs from seeing my internet activity. I protect all of my devices with Express. VPN ExpressVPN is a simple app for your computer or smartphone that encrypts all of your network data and tunnels it through a secure VPN server. Sadly, every site you visit, video you watch or message you send gets tracked by ISPs or other tech giants who can then sell your information for profit. That's the reason I recommend Express VPN as the best way to hide your online activity from ISPs. Just download the app. I have it on my phone. Tap one button on your device. You are protected. I use it 'cause you don't mind anyone spying on you online. So stop handing over your personal data at ISPs and other tech giants who mine your activity and sell your information. Protect yourself with a VPN I use to keep myself private online. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash Bonino, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash Bonino and get three extra months free. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Bonino right now to learn more.


Little bit of a delayed bell today, but here we go fellas. This is a moment. Everybody ready? Everybody in the chat. Ready? Bino, the groin crew, the Bonino Army. Very rarely does your humble host Dan Bonino, host of the autonomously named Dan Bongino Show ever agree with a Democrat ever because they almost always say or do something incredibly stupid. Liberals do things anti-American and things imbecile would only do. But when they say something I actually agree with, I feel the need to highlight it to show you that I actually believe in principles unlike a lot of liberals who only believe in the principle of power.


Throw up that Chad Rim tweet if you would. Chad Rim's an excellent congressional reporter for a Fox News channel. I, I follow him a lot. He knows the mechanics in and out of up on Capitol Hill and he gets a lot of comments. Others don't get. Here's Chad. You know Dick Blumenthal, tricky Dick. You know the guy who makes up all his stories about his heroic service and combat and all that other stuff, guys obviously piece of garbage. But he said something that made sense. He said, Blumenthal, under secret service, this issue's not about money. Holy shit a Democrat. Did you guys hear it? A Democrat said something isn't about money. Taxpayer money for the first time, like in the history of ever time. He says the issue's not about money, it's about management using resources per productively and effectively and elapses and failures that will be documented in our report will go to the mismanagement that led to the abject failure to protect the president properly.


Holy mo dude, what? Wait are, am I aging myself Elizabeth? Get me the nitrate glycerin pill. Someone gimme a baby aspirin. I mean my heart is having a coronary event. What the hell's going on here? Dick Blumenthal, who will say anything to anyone at any time to steal more of your money and spend it with the United States government and cover for government? Inadequacies has two gems in one quote that this is a mismanagement issue and it's not about the money that is freaking amazing. Sounds like something this guy told you. What did I say? I told you guys this has nothing to do with money.


The secret service budget since I was there in 1999, aging myself in real dollars, adjusted for, adjusted for inflation, has doubled from 1.5 billion to 3.3 billion. It's more than doubled. This is not a money issue when he's talking about mismanagement. It's what I told you. your boy here with his two thumbs right here. This guy told you a long time ago, half of their agents and more than half of their money is being pissed down a toilet bowl to go investigate financial crimes that the FBI does. There's no, we don't need a new government agency. You don't need more money.


Matter of fact, you probably need less money. Take half of the secret service budget, go give it to these agencies or give it back to the taxpayer investigating financial crimes and tell the secret service now. Hey, the money you spend investigations. There you go. It's gone. Now you guys can focus on protection. None of this stuff is hard. By the way, did you see that picture of the fence line that's been running around in a newspaper? This guy was like 10 yards away from where President Trump was gonna be. Please stop with the bullshit. The protection model worked. The protection model failed. Period. Stop bullshitting people. A guy with a high powered rifle and his scope would've been about 10 yards away if some Eagle Eye agent as a fail safe didn't catch this guy in the woods.


And by the way, the guy was in a pink shirt. Folks, anyone out there in the chat with military experience, if you're sitting out there in a wood line as a sniper secreting yourself against an enemy position to try and take out a target. Do you wear a pink shirt? Is that a color that occurs in nature in natural forestry outside of flowers and floral arrangements? The answer is no, it isn't. The guy would've had a damn Gilly suit on or some camouflage Donald Trump would be dead again, dead again. They absolutely failed.


Stop covering for them. The agents are pissed off. You missed yesterday's show. I read a text from a guy with a deep body of experience in the Secret Service. Who's a good, take that back. A great man I know. Well they are fed up. They are tired of be putting out there on the front lines with a management class that's gonna get one of 'em hurt and one of their protectees killed. Okay, so I have an update folks, you remember Ned Parker who in the chat remembers Ned? So Ned Parker from Reuters reached out. Big mistake trying to imply that I had something to do with some guy who was threatening people. I don't even get to, I read the story, it doesn't even make a lot of sense.


Or was like trying to threaten people. I don't know. Never heard of this guy. I have no idea who this guy is. So Ned does what every leftist does they try to cover for leftist violence because the left is the party of violence period. That's not open for debate. Liberals, sit down and shut up, put your DS caps on. You are the BLM party. You are the Antifa party, you are the party of political violence. It's our candidate who's been shot or almost shot now twice in two months. You can shut them up. Okay? You are the party of violence. You own it, you apologize for it. It's the mostly peaceful Ali Vessie bullshit. I'm tired of hearing your crap. So left wing media, people have to distract you from left wing violence. So Ned Parker from Reuters, absolute ass clown, right?


Emails me and says, Hey, this guy listens to your show. Basically implying somehow I'm responsible despite the fact that on this show, and I wanna thank you all seriously, I mean this. I wanna thank you all for tweeting to Ned respectfully, but don don't want to, you know, engage in any kind of threatening stuff ourselves. But tweeting to Ned, Hey dipstick, do you actually, respectfully, do you actually listen to Dan's show because he's only resolutely condemned political violence as a red line probably a thousand times. And by the way, we're putting that montage together to send to people like Ned so we can sue them if they imply it in the future. Ned's article came out today as you guys see it. Ha, here it is here. This is glorious. This may be ladies and gentlemen, this may be the finest moment.


Dan Bongino, Show history. How do I know? Because gee, who never says anything about anything, about anything, anytime ever came in this morning and he said this is great. What else did he said? No, that's it. But for gee, that's a lot. You gotta understand, unless you're talking about Star Wars or Dungeons and Dragons or what is it? Flesh and blood, whatever. Unless you're talking about that, gee doesn't say anything. So GH actually enjoyed it. He said, he said, that's not hyperbolic, that's real. Michael, you know it he, he said, this is great. Here it is, folks Reuters, Ned Parker, Trump fan targets, MAGA foes with menace and gets away with it. I have no, no idea who this guy is. Never seen, met this guy in my entire life.


I've I don know it was really great. Okay, he said, I, I, I'm gonna take it. I'm gonna be precise. GH said, he said, this is really great for, gee, that is enormous. Bonino didn't reply to a Reuters request for comment language alert folks, but he addressed it on his show calling the rap reporter a lying sack of shit and telling him to F off. Bonino also said he has repeatedly condemned political violence on his program as absolutely an unacceptable red line we shouldn't cross. There you go Lion sec of shit. Ned Parker. There you go fellas. That's how you handle the communist media. You do not give these a-holes the time of day because they don't deserve it.


You're gonna call me or email me pretending and implying that MAGA people want violence when we absolutely resolutely condemn it 100%. I don't care what side it's on. And you're talking to a guy who actually worked in a secret service outlet. Oh, there it's from the top ropes. I'd prefer macho man, but I'll take you. There it is. There you go Ned. The rhetorical people's elbow there. Don't, don't, don't toy with us. I actually worked in a space trying to prevent Democrats from getting hurt in politics in the Secret Service and Republicans, you did shit sitting, buying a computer with your lotion watching porn all day.


So I'm sure your parents are embarrassed you tried to write that piece. Don't do it unless you want a massive lawsuit getting dropped under your head. Don't even think about it. Unless you have evidence that we said or did something to incentivize anyone. We know them. You better be careful what you do 'cause those days are over. Alright, let me get back to the show I had planned. Folks, this is the left. There's kind of a nice segue here. It's a horrible segue, but it segues nicely theme wise to the show. 'cause I've told you over and over this is a axiomatic true statement. The left is the party of violence. You're not welcome in our movement if you're gonna violate other people's civil liberties, you're not.


Conservatives don't believe in that. We never did. It is not our thing. The left worships political violence 'cause they believe in power and violence is a tool for them. That's why they will never condemn it as long as it's on their side. I want you to listen to what happened on c-span yesterday. I want you to listen to this lunatic who calls in and parrots the exact same threat to democracy, defending democracy. Language is the left as he celebrates the two people who took a shot at Donald J. Trump. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the left. This isn't some unusual example. This is who they are, period. Listen to this.


Liddell, Louisiana, Willie Democrat. Good morning. Good morning I. just wanted to say I'm a very patriotic American. I did 20 years the military two, two of Vietnam wounded in 1966 when back in 68. And I look at myself and think about we pulled as a military man, we pulled a close with killed Ep, destroy the enemy by all means available. And I see we let this man Trump destroy America and I look at him and say, well, these two people had to step up and take that shot. I made the truth, nothing to lose. What? I'm sorry Willie. You're not advocating violence, are you Not violence? I'm talking about defending my country.


Do you notice how this guy parrots the exact language of the liberal left in the media? He's defending his country defending democracy. So I asked Ned from Reuters, Ned Parker humiliation to humankind, his family, his neighbor, his kids, everyone else trying to stick this on me despite doing the opposite, condemning it and working and dedicating my entire life against and putting my own ass on the line. Do you have any idea how many times I walked outta my house when I lived in Verna Park, Maryland to my oldest daughter at the time, young don don't even like talking about this, crying at the door every time she saw the damn suitcase come out.


You know how many diseases I came home with? Dengue freaking fever, sitting there on Protectees trying to keep their asses alive, stomach bugs and all this other shit you take back from overseas. You see why it's so offensive when an asshole like this guy, Ned Parker, sends me an email about political violence implying we're the problem. This is the left. This chuckleheads the problem. Defending guys like this. When's he gonna, when's Ned gonna do an article about that guy and track him down? Sir, why'd you call in appearing to celebrate two people took a shot at Donald Trump.


When are you gonna do that article asshole. Sorry about the language folks again, but you, you see why you get frustrated with these people? I worked in a precinct. There's a New York City cop that look, go look it up. The seven five precinct in east eastern New York, Brooklyn. It's probably 80% if not more Democrat. I've spent my entire life, most of it keeping Democrats alive while this sack of shit is writing articles trying to imply we're the source of violence. When are you gonna investigate this guy? Here's another life loser. This is the left.


Folks, it's important you understand this before the election, if we lose political violence and censorship are here now the tyranny you thought was tomorrow is today is right now. If we lose this election at Kamala Harris, you will have no government mechanism like a Donald Trump administration to protect you from the hell that's coming. Do you understand that political violence will be institutionalized. Weapon weaponization of government, which is happening now will be institutionalized. Full-blown censorship against conservatives will be institutionalized because guys like this will have a seat at the table. Here is the wretched smelling human walking pile of bus.


Rick Wilson, a man who is one big snowflake like dandruff Flake on his head, away from losing half his body weight. Here's Rick Wilson. Rick Wilson, a guy whose only reputation is going on the air. What's that come up? I don have no idea. He wants to come up. When you see a guy who smells like this guy, this wretched pile of pus, he's like a cholesterol calcified puss in the middle of a art arthro sclera artery in the heart. That's what this guy is, he's about. He looks like a freaking Oompa lumpa from this. The guy's losing his hair. He stinks like a rotting water buffalo on the Serengeti that's been sitting out there for weeks.


I had to smell this guy in person. I saw him in an airport. He had like flies around him. Here he is again on tv. This is the kind of guy that's gonna have a seat at the table. If the Kamala Harris administration, the tyranny wins. Listen to this shit, check this out. The real life impact of running amuck with insane lies like the ones that are spreading in Springfield. I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be very blunt. I think Trump wants someone to be killed. I think they want this violence to escalate. I think they want to then say these migrants have caused the violence. They brought this on themselves. Look at our cities on fire because the of these terrible people from far oh away lands who happen to be dark skinned.


This is a racist playbook that goes back well before Hitler. This is the same guy who said that they need to put a bullet in Donald Trump. You see what he does? He tries to be too clever by half, but he's not. Again, he's stupid. He's a dandruff flake away from losing a significant portion of his body weight. This Oompa lumpa eunuch, okay, this, they're the violent ones, so to cover for their political violence. What do they do? And to cover up for this guy who called c-span and other, the other BLM and Antifa lefty lunatics. They turn around and say, how can we make it seem like Trump is valid? What's he talking about right now? He's talking about a very real documented immigration crisis in Springfield that's ripping apart a community.


I got an idea. Let's make it a racial issue and just say they're the ones inciting violence. That's what, and the media, instead of requesting it and going, Hey, dandruff guy, the gr, this guy's a walking right guard ad with his stench. Hey dude, can you actually back that up? Why are you assuming it's racist to call out an immigration crisis? That's ravaging a community. By the way, a community is black and Hispanic residence too. Why are you? Do you have any actual evidence of that? They don't. They just parrot it. They just parrot it because they need a line to do the flipper route. You notice, by the way, you rarely see this guy in studio. It's probably because of his extensive body odor problem. I strongly suggest you guys send them a tweet to the Amazon or Walmart link for a good anti persp deodorant.


Maybe that Lumi company will sponsor his show. You ever see that? Do you have a stench outta your private parts or in your arms? Maybe Lumi should sponsor Rick Wilson's Lincoln project program. They'd be great. The guy's the pro. If they can clean up that guy's Bo problem, then man, let me tell you that product works. By the way, hat tip Western Lensman, really great account for video. Awesome account. Mayes Moore, Western Lensman. You should give 'em a follow. Really good job. I'm gonna get back to showing you how this is the party of violence. Why does it matter? Folks? We've got an election here. It's not coming. The election's happening right now. If we don't do something about this, execute and win and bring 10 people to the polls.


Political violence, weaponization of government and censorship will be institutionalized. You will remember this show and through the day you didn't bring 10 people with you. It is time to go and win. Execute, execute. No more talk. The election is here. It's not coming. It's here. Execute now. Quick break.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy. Yeah, you bet. Inflation. Endless wars and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that's still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause we're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military and first responder heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first. By switching to Patriot Mobile today, you'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. You know why? 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they backed their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Do it now and you'll get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values or have the same coverage. They don't and they can't. So join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


Thanks Patriot Mobile and in case you think, oh, Dan, you're just pointing out isolated examples of a guy with an obvious body odor problem who they won't do studio hits with or whatever. Who knows? Maybe the guy needs some degree that's, he's not the only one. You've seen the Maxine Waters videos, you've seen the Rashida Lib videos, you've seen the Cory Bush videos. You've seen the Kamala Harris videos when it came to the the rioters. The guy sitting in the White House now has provided a comfort blanket for those inciting violence folks, despite the fact that his neurons don't work and his brain is a rotting bag of oatmeal, he still finds a comfort zone in making sure Americans understand that Donald Trump is a legitimate target for your political rage.


He does it all the time. The left is the home for the violence. Here's a little quick minute super cut here of Biden implicitly endorsing the political rage being vent against Donald Trump in the form of violence. Now, multiple times, watch this. What do you do? You make it to the general. You're on the debate stage. He starts making fun of your age, your mental state. I mean, I said, come on Donald, come on man. Press always asks me, don't I wish I were debating him? No, I wish you were in high school. I could take him behind the gym. I'm looking forward to this man. You walk behind me in a debate. Come here man. They asked me would I like to debate this gentleman and I said no.


I said, if we were in high school, I'd take him behind the gym and beat the hell out of him. Or let's start a real physical revolution. If you're talking about it, the idea that I'd be intimidated by Donald Trump, he's the bully. I used to make fun when I was a kid and a stutter and I'd smack him in the mouth. Would you really fight the president? Sir, I was talking about high school. Go back and read what I said. How many pushups you wanna do here, pal I, don, want to check my shape on Let's do pushups together here, man, let's do what's run. Let's do whatever you wanna do. Focus on this man, what he's doing that no president has ever done. No president. Ask the right questions. Why a attack senator? Why wait, why, why, why wait. You're getting nervous, man.


You said I set up my son to work in an auto company. Didn't that what you said I, just your words Straight Jack, any guy who talked that way was usually the fattest, ugliest. SOB in the room. You should be looking at Trump. Trump's doing this because he knows I'll beat him like a drum. Folks, this is the kindest stuff that is just par for the course on the left. No golf puns intended, but fit right in. This is what they do. I need you to understand this. This is the takeaway from the segment that's so critical now that the election's here. It's not coming the election, it's here. Election day is what? 46 days away the election's happening right now.


Execute. Or you will be dealing with two things you will never get rid of folks. It's easy to vote yourself into socialism. It is deadly to vote yourself out, deadly to vote yourself out. You will never escape what's coming. Political violence and censorship are their agenda. We bring receipts. Does this show not do that favor for, do we not, do we not, bro? Are you not an attorney? Do we not bring the receipts every time I just played for you. Liberal average Joe civilian comfortably calling into c-span threatening Trump. Rick Wilson noted liberal lunatic from the Lenin project with a Bo problem and I just played for you.


The president of the United States. I played super cuts of Maxine Waters. All the other people I mentioned before, what else could you possibly wanna hear? They are also the party of censorship. I mean, real censorship, not soft censorship. There are emails from the White House during Covid, from Rob Flaherty pressuring social media companies to stop you from speaking. They did this comfortably. Folks from White House accounts they knew would be subject to discovery. They didn't care. They wanted people to know they are the party of censorship. They are not hiding it. Do you guys get this? Folks in the chat gimme some feedback. Do you get the distinction here?


What I'm trying to tell you is this is not a perceived glitch in their system. The Obama team used official White House accounts to publicly pressure social media companies because they knew. They knew the public would eventually see it. Do you get that? They knew this was a feature to the modern progressive. They were happy that the progressive movement, they were doing what they wanted censoring conservatives. They weren't embarrassed about this at all. Ah, come on Dan. It's not like they talked about this publicly. They did it on email. That's a bridge too far.


Cue it up fellas. Here is Kamala Harris, your presidential nominee for the lunatic Democrats, Tim Walls, the tampon guy, her VP and Hillary Clinton, all over a period of weeks in the past few months, openly, openly advocating for censorship. This is a feature, not a glitch of what is going to happen if we lose this election. Watch this. We will hold social media platforms accountable for the hate infiltrating their platforms because they have a responsibility to help fight against this threat to our democracy.


And if you profit off of hate, if you act as a megaphone for misinformation or cyber warfare, if you don't police your platforms, we are going to hold you accountable. I think we need to push back on this there, there's no guaranteed of free speech on misinformation or or hate speech and especially around our democracy. But I also think there are Americans who are engaged in this kind of propaganda and whether they should be civilly or even in some cases criminally charged is something that would be a better deterrent.


This is one of those issues I have during the show because I never wanna annoy you like I want you to tell me in the chat if you 'cause the show's for you guys, I want you to tell me like, okay, we get it. Shut the up. Okay. I I I'm cool with that. I'm totally cool with that. Just one more time. I'm sorry. This is not a bug. They did this from the White House accounts and talk about it openly because this is what liberals want. They're not trying to hide it. They're not like, okay, let's censor them and you know, gosh, it's so embarrassing we got discovered. It's not. This is what they're gonna jam down your freaking throat and choke you on. If we lose, you'll remember this show by the way.


We were right again. I'm gonna take a quick break. Our batting average is still, yes, sir. 1000. What did I tell you about the debate? And everybody laughed at us. Guy said, who do you conspiracy theorist Donald Trump got his ass kicked during the debate. Really? He did. I asked, all I asked is, can you produce some actual data on that? Pay attention to your guy here. I'll, I'll, I'll actually bring the receipts. I got that. And then why they're, they're definitely, definitely preparing to cheat here. States, you better be ready. The states you better be ready.


Have you guys heard about this new superfood? That seems almost too good to be true. I am a walking testimonial to this. I've been taking it for a long time. It's called Colostrum and a company named Arma makes a great colostrum product. It's one of the first nutrition products we receive in life and it contains essential nutrients our bodies need in order to thrive. Arma Colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health for thousands of research backed health benefits. I absolutely love this stuff. It can help strengthen immunity, ignite metabolism, fortify gut health, activate hair growth and skin radiance power, fitness performance, and confer powerful anti-aging benefits. I encourage you to look this stuff up. I don't advertise products I don't use and don't like. We worked out a special offer for the audience. Receive 15% off your first order. Go today. Go to try arm.com/dan T-R-Y-A-R MRA or enter Dan to get 15% off your first order. That's try arm.com/dan T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/dan. Please check it out. The statements of production not evaluated by fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Statements and information are not a substitute for alternative seeking care from your healthcare provider. Give it a try.


In our last sponsor today is Lumen Meet Lumen, one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. You know I'm into life Acts say it all the time. This device measures your metabolism through your breath. The app then lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. Here's what you do. I did it just the other day. Again, simply breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs based on these insights. Lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for the day. It's genius. You can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to get real time updates on your body's metabolic state. What are you burning? Stay on top of the wellness game I've been using Lumen total game changer helps me understand my metabolism and make smarter choices. Optimal metabolic health can lead to easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness levels, and better sleep. So if you wanna take the next step in helping to improve your wellness, go to lumen.me/ Bonino to get 15% off your order. That's LUME n.me Lumen me slash Bonino for 15% off your first purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring the episode.


It's a great product. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. A not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. Alright, back to the show folks again. I told you, you know, what does Aunt Jane say folks? Aunt Jane was my godmother. I loved her. Obviously my mother's sister, she was one of the best human beings I ever met. She passed unfortunately, but I loved her to death. Do you remember what she said? You pee ones Daniel Self praise stinks. She used to say it all the time. 'cause when I was a kid I could be a little arrogant sometimes. Shocker. She's like sell praise things, but I just don't ever want you to think you're wasting your time here. Gallup. Gallup. That's no huge friend to Donald Trump. I mean, it's a polling outlet. They have no reason to put this out if it's not true.


Nearly identical percentages of adults rate Donald Trump and Kamala Harris favorably in Gallup's latest September 13th poll during which the candidates debated for the first time September 3rd through the 15th. But matter of fact, more of them raided Donald Trump favorably. I I I, all right. Forget it. Whatever you, you get the point. I've said it a thousand times. I just I, I feel like I owe you something and you're, again, two weeks ahead of the news cycle. That debate changed nothing. Folks, the sound bites and the pictures and the snapshots coming out of it were awful. Kamala Harris looked like an idiot. Everything she said was debunked within five minutes of getting off the air. Listen, I'm a little worried about the election, however, and although I think a lot of things are going in our direction, one of the reasons I, outside of the psychology of talking about red waves, meaning I, just don't wanna talk about a red wave.


Number one, because there's no good that can come out of it. If there's a red wave that's gonna happen, great. You talking about it is only gonna incentivize people to not vote who are gonna think they don't need my vote. There's a red wave coming. There's nothing that stop talking about it. But from a technical, forget the psychology a second. From a technical sense, the reason I, I'm having an issue with the red wave talk is folks, they are going to cheat. Now I think, from what I've heard from election experts, I'm just giving you what people say I trust who are hardcore conservatives who study this cheating in really poorly controlled voter integrity states.


Listen to what I'm gonna tell you. This is coming from them is about one to one and a half percent when it's bad. Because if you're gonna vote for someone, you gotta make sure that someone doesn't show up. And a lot of these people doing it, they can't make it obvious. They gotta try to make it appear like it's organic. So say it's one and one, say it's two, whatever. In a lot of these swing states, I believe Donald Trump is probably up to, or maybe more so I believe we may even beat the cheating. However, they are gonna cheat folks and there's no doubt in my mind they are fighting the save act, which would do one simple thing. It would stop people who are not authorized to vote illegals from registering to vote.


The Democrats don't wanna do it. Occam's razor. Why would the Democrats not wanna stop illegals from voting? Anyone in the chat? Yes, because they wanna illegals to vote. Here's Speaker Mike Johnson who could be doing more on this, obviously, but I still wanna play it. He's obviously the speaker of the house. I'm worried about their efforts to get illegals to vote. He makes a good point here. There are congressional races in the country that were decided from, you know, by 200 votes. You have any idea how many illegals are in the country right now? Check this out. What's happening around the country right now is that the millions and millions of illegals who have come across that border since the borders are Kamala Harris and Joe Biden open it wide, is that some of them are, are trying to register to participate in in the election.


Many of them, we, we know six or seven states have already done their own audits. They've proven you've got thousands and thousands of illegals on the voter rolls right now. And here's the problem, you know, if you have just a small percentage of those millions of people that try to participate, you can throw the outcome of the election. You can throw the, the outcome of who has the majority in the house. I have a colleague who won her seat in Congress in 2020 by six votes. I've got another Republican colleague won his raced by about 250 votes. It's easy to throw these things off and you could even affect the outcome of a presidential cycle depending on where all those illegals are participating. Some of these swing states are a real concern. So we have to make sure that before someone registers to vote, they prove that they are a US citizen because that is existing federal law.


Believe me, I we read the chat. There's no point in having it if you're not gonna read it. The whole point of a live show at 11 is the interactivity. I get your anger. I am a hundred percent with you. I've had actual verbal jousting events with the speaker on the air about FISA and other issues. I'm playing the clip because that aired on CNBC. We can't just air stuff that happens on Fox and Newsmax and OAN 'cause I wanna see what the other side is hearing folks, they're hearing this, they don't care. They are going to cheat. If not, they would try to prevent cheating and they don't wanna prevent cheating because they know they're in real trouble.


Now, the why, folks, they wouldn't be so focused on this making such a transparent effort to steal another election if they weren't worried. Here's the good news, again, for the thousandth time, maybe the 2000, this is no excuse to get into Red Wave talk. We're not gonna do that here. However, I'm telling you, they are hiding something big with Kamala Harris. I can almost guarantee you her internal polling, which is probably legitimately weighted, not weighted heavily towards Democrats because they wanna know where they are. I can almost guarantee you internal polling indicates Kamala Harris is in real trouble. That in other words, without cheating, she really has no chance.


Why do you think Trump's in New York, folks New York? There is something, these two teams know Harris's team looks nervous, their interviews are terrible. There are clips surfacing every single day of a radical communist ideas and nonsense. They're in real trouble. This one surfaced yesterday. Every day a new bombshell comes out in an ordinary campaign where there wasn't a fully hacked in communist media and 10 million illegals in the country. This candidate you're about to see loses the national V election by the national vote, popular vote, excuse me, by five points and loses the election by over 300 electoral college votes.


This would be, it would end your campaign, but because it's Kamala Harris and she's protected this, just found its way into social media. Here's a clip yesterday that surface of Kamala Harris with Gavin nuisance out in California. How does this make you feel if you're a gun owner, she's threatening to come into your house claiming she has the right to do that. To basically check up on you and your guns. Kamala Harris. 'cause if you owe this loser who's never had a freaking job in her life, who is a genuine iil, anything, she wants to come into your house, don't listen to me. Listen to her. Check this out. Responsible Behaviors among everybody in the community, and just because you legally possess a gun in the sanctity of your locked home doesn't mean that we're not gonna walk into that home and check to see if you're being responsible and safe in the way you conduct your affair.


Have you heard from, Michael said it right in one show. You know how many, how many civil rights and constitutionally enshrined, God-given rights, right? Can we abolish in one show, first Amendment, second Amendment, fifth, fourth. I mean, this is who she is. This would be a deal sealer in any other campaign. Gun owners, hunters, people who are even remotely interested in self protection would be like, wait, wait, wait. What the hell do you, you, you think you have the right to come into my house and check on me? Are you nuts? You moron? Weren't you like Montel Williams' date one time? Have you ever had a real job?


The hell outta my house? Are you crazy? But because the Pretorian guard, communist media is protecting her amazingly, she still has her head above the electoral waters. Here she is doing an interview with a group of friendlies the other day and says, it's hard to say the dumbest thing of the campaign cycle. 'cause almost everything she says surpasses the last level of stupid here she is. Ridiculously claiming when they came into office, Biden and Harris, that the unemployment rate was the highest since the Great Depression folk. Gee, can you put the chart up first? The BLS chart.


Here's from the Bureau of Labor and Statistics folks. The unemployment rate in the Obama administration, if you go back and actually look, was far higher than the post covid, post covid Trump unemployment rate, which was rebounding. By the way. Nothing this woman tells you is true. Here's the clip. This is utterly absurd. Everything she says is bullshit. Everything. Watch this. Are They better off now than they were four years ago? Four years ago when we came in, we came in during the worst unemployment since the Great Depression.


This thank you to the guy in, was that a, a vet the beard? I'm sorry I don't, we we, we sometimes we grab stuff and I forget who it's from my, my fault on that. But great job. That is a great job putting this clip up right next to the national, the unemployment rate for Obama was 9.8, 9.1 and 8.3. The unemployment rate. Post covid. Post covid folks, not even post covid but still Covid going on. But I mean post like really was 6.3 and going down dramatically. She's just making this up. The unemployment rate in a great depression reached 25%. The woman is an idiot. Four years ago when we came in, look at, we came in during the worst unemployment since the Great Depression.


She just made that up. There's only two answers to this. She either made it up or she's a genuine il or can you, can anyone else gimme a third? Oh, do combination of two? No, I get it. No, she's in the role model club. She, oh, you don't play that one next. We can skip it ahead folks. She, and this is not only is she dumb, this is, she is epidemic. Epidemic of this problem we have in society of the stupid smart people. I haven't said this in a while, but this is a takeaway from this. Kamala Harris is the, she is like the queen of the stupid smart people. You have stupid, stupid people.


I'm sorry to be blunt, but it's true. They know the limits of their own knowledge. They're good decent people. They're just not that bright. They haven't been given a lot of intellectual skills, but they don't, they go on to do great things. You have stupid, stupid people. People then you have smart, smart people who are super smart. I'm not one of 'em. I'm talking about like the Einsteins, the brain surgeons. But even the brain surgeon who's as smart, smart person knows he's not as smart as say a mechanic who's really good at changing oil and transmissions. He's gonna screw your transmission up. Even though he is super smart. None of those people are dangerous. Matter of fact, they're good people. The most dangerous person in the world is the stupid smart person.


Someone who's got a law degree like Kamala Harris. But then assumes because she's got a degree that she has this knowledge set where she can solve any problem anywhere. It is, it's born out of arrogance. Play this clip. If you ever saw a cringey clip of a stupid smart person, this is it. Here she is in a cringey moment trying to be funny. No one laughs telling everyone how she's a role model. She's a role model. Again, you were Montel Williams' girlfriend. You have never had an actual job. You are a role model for no one anywhere who's serious in any ecosystem or realm of modern life.


Watch this. You know, I was the first person to be a woman at Attorney General of California. I was the first woman to be elected district attorney of San Francisco. I was the first person of color to be elected attorney General of California. Whatever. First, first, first. Welcome to the role model club. It's tough being a part of the role model club means being in a room where sometimes you may be the only person who has had the experiences you've had. Yes, you are the only person who's been VP within intellect in an iq. You're sub 80, you're correct. You are the only one. And for all the Wall Street Journal types and others out there, you know I read their stuff.


Some of their stuff is nine like the National Review guys, Oh, my gosh, you need to be ni, I don't need to be nice cutesy. Time is over. I don't give a shit. There's a reason. We're number one and you're number zero. The reason is because our show tells it like it is and people are tired of bullshit and they're tired of being told by the MIT Romney, Jeff Lake Republicans, that while they go and threaten violence against us, we have to avoid talking about their intellect. Being the president is a job that requires creativity, social intelligence, aptitude and achievement. She has only achievement. That's it. Yes, she does have a law degree. So she's achieved that. Granted, she has no aptitude. Zero social iq.


She's not funny. She has no charisma and she has zero relevant life experience. She has none of the criteria necessary for the job. You wanna play cutesy time, cutesy times over for us. That's why no one reads your crap anymore. Here's my favorite clip. Here's Kamala Harris in a debate. This debate she won. You know why? Because she's debating herself. she won there How to be a winner or a loser. This may be one of the few debates where the same person is both the winner and the loser. I think it's a Maze Moore clip. But this is a good one. It's about a minute of Kamala Harris debating herself on the exact same issue. Check this out. Charles And I are both gun owners.


We're not taking anybody's guns away. So stop with the continuous lying about this stuff. I support buybacks. How Mandatory is your gun buyback program? It's mandatory. I will not ban fracking. I have not banned fracking as vice president of the United States. And in fact, I was the tie-breaking vote on the Inflation Reduction Act, which opened new leases for fracking. Will you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking your first day in office, adding the United States to the list of countries who have banned this devastating practice? There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. I absolutely support. And over the last four years as vice president private healthcare options, You support the Medicare for All bill.


I think initially Co Co-sponsored by Senator Bernie Sanders. You're also a co-sponsor on onto it. Yes, I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance. So for people out there who like their insurance, what they don't get to keep it. Well listen, the idea is that everyone gets access to medical care and you don't have to go through the process of going through an insurance company, having them give you approval, going through the paperwork. All of the delay that may require who of us has not had that situation where you gotta wait for approval and the doctor says, well don don't know if your your insurance company is gonna cover this. Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. Now you see why the Iranians, Vladimir Putin and all the idiot class want her to win because she can be easily manipulated because she's an idiot.


Why do you think the teamsters Union, which has spent the last 30 to 40 to 50 years negotiating a quality healthcare plan for their members for the first time in decades has refused to endorse the Democrat? You don't have to like people who run these unions at all. What happened happened, we found out the Iranians yesterday, were trying to feed the Harris team, anti-Trump information. And then we found out yesterday the Teamsters unions almost always endorse Democrats. They don't want her, they wouldn't endorse Trump, but they don't want her. Why don't they want her? How does that end part feel to you? By the way, that was a Hannity clip. Pat tip Hannity show. How does that feel to you?


You have forfeited enormous sums of money to get it back in the form of benefits. 'cause you're concerned about your health and your family. Just a fact, that's where your union's probably done for you. And now Kamala Harris is going, no, no, no. We're gonna quote, what did she say at the end? We're gonna get rid of all that. We're gonna really, you're gonna ask the union people first because they don't want shitty government healthcare. They don't want Medicaid. They negotiated for a nice quality healthcare plan for their family. 'cause it was part of their job. That's what she said. It's her words. This is the most vacuous candidate.


She's nothing there. The woman has none of the skills necessary to be an executive with the nuclear codes. Terrible social iq, terrible intelligence quotient in general. No life experience. She has nothing. Not the acumen, nothing. No charisma, no leadership ability. She's asked a simple question here. Do you guys see this? I've been dying to get to this for days. I put this together on Sunday. She's asked a simple question by a local reporter. Hey man, you know, is life better than it was four years ago? Whatcha gonna do about the inflation crisis? She gives the same bullshit answer everything.


You know, I a middle class kid, she was not a middle class kid. She was raised like a OC in an upper crust community. She's a poser. She's a phony. She just wants to beat down. She's fake. I grew up in the community she pretends to grow up in. Don't tell me you grew up like we did. You did not. She can't even answer a simple question. You think she's gonna negotiate our way out of another Middle East War or World War III with the Russians? Listen to this crap. When we talk about bringing down prices and making life more affordable for people, what are one or two specific things you have in mind for that?


Well, I'll start with this. I grew up a middle class kid. My mother raised my sister and me. She worked very hard. She was able to finally save up enough money to buy our first house when I was a teenager. I grew up in a community of hardworking people, you know, construction workers and nurses and teachers. And I try to explain to some people who may not have had the same experience, you know, if, but a lot of people will relate to this. You know, I grew up in a neighborhood of folks who were very proud of their lawn. Okay, okay. What's the part of that? See if you guys are in my can get in my melon here in my head.


What's the part of that that I find most offensive? That somebody, you got it. I'm trying to explain to people. 'cause you know she's a role model by the way. I'm trying to explain to people who haven't had the same experience with me what it's like to grow up middle class. She did not grow up middle class folks. Look it up. She grew up upper class at best upper middle class. She did not grow up. She's not down. She, I hate when they do this. I do not need an explanation from fake phony accent Kamala Harris about what it's like to grow up middle class.


You don't know what you're talking about. You're not my role model. I don't respect you. You are really, really genuinely dumb. You only got ahead because they pushed you ahead because you are, you're the guy you are taking his place of has no cerebral capabilities whatsoever. That is not exactly a resume item. How do you not get the endorsement of the teamsters? For two decades they've been endorsing Democrats by default. Do you know how bad you've gotta suck? Here's CNN. Yes, CNN. Stunned that the teamsters will not endorse this woman. That's how bad she is.


And by the way, I've got family members in unions, other prominent unions. I got news for you. They're all voting for Trump too. Here's CNN shocked that Teamsters won't endorse this buffoon. Check this out, Kayla. This is something that hasn't happened in decades. It hasn't happened since 1996. Brianna and you mentioned that this was, unions were a critical component of President Biden's winning coalition back in 2020. And Democrats had hoped that once again, especially after the policies put forth by the Biden Harris administration, that it would be Teamsters, local 70, 80 20, president Trump, San Francisco, KYD. Yes, yes.


That's why we love the live chat in this show. Thank you Teamsters. Thank you. I've always told union members, I want you to listen to me close. Do not listen man. Blank out the bullshit. I'm telling you, straight working class Republicans, which is the overwhelming majority of our party. I'm not talking about the swampy, the fo gra eaters and the bow tie wearers. I'm talking about people like me who worked for a living. I was a cop and an agent. My dad was a plumber. My brother's an electrician. My mother worked in a supermarket, working class Republicans, the real conservatives. You have a home here. We respect your work. We do not hate unions.


Nobody hates unions. That's bullshit. We just don't like people being forced to join an organization. And by the way, it's better for the union if you're not forced to join. Just think about it. If you're forced to join, they don't have to do anything if you're not forced to join. They've gotta do what they should be doing. Negotiating on your behalf, getting you these quality healthcare plans, getting you benefits you deserve. 'cause you're busting your ass, taking part in the company's profitability. There's nothing wrong with that. Your home is here. It's not what these electric car, cow farting, green New Deal. A OC loser Democrat. They don't know shit about you, man. Kamala Harris. I need to explain to you working class what it's like to go through the experiences.


I mean, you didn't go through any of that. She's like a OC trying to pretend she's Jenny from the block. Bullshit. She grew up up in Westchester. These people are full of crap, man. Phil, er, teamster here. Local 5, 7 7. My vote is for Trump. Yes sir. It's, yes sir, it is. Thank you, Teamsters. Your home is here. we got your back always along with our military, our cops and anyone getting dirt under their fingernails and working their ass off every day. It's your home. We love you guys. I love you guys personally and women out there.


God bless you. There's a lot of teamsters in our chat. A lot of teamsters in the chat. This is your home. We respect you here. We don't treat you like a commodity. Don't ever forget that. Hey man, I love all you guys. Thank you for waiting the first few minutes of the show. It really, you're the best. You're the best audience. I'm telling you. You're just the best audience out there. Love you guys so much, man. That's why the show had so much energy. I was ready to be disappointed 'cause I thought this delay was gonna last a little longer and they cleaned it up quick. And then bang, you guys are all there. Love you guys so much.


Hey, small favorite ask, download the Rumble app. It is absolutely free. Watch the show live at 11:00 AM I love the energy. Get in the chat. Just join Rumble please. It's free. rumble.com/ Bonino. Download the Rumble app and if you don't like ads, if we would really appreciate you joining Rumble Premium. The button's right there. It's a great price. You get no ads, you don't have to watch any ads throughout the show. We really appreciate if you'd sign up. It means a lot To me and the people run and rumble. Thanks so much folks.


See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.