
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. So folks, get ready because today's show is going to be a rollercoaster of emotions. There's just so much going on right now that ranges from, I think, really, really tragic, awful, just terrible things that we have to discuss because it affects real people. Our brothers and sisters a horrible anniversary today, but also we've got an election season coming up and a chance to save our country. So it's gonna be a real rollercoaster.


It's a Monday show. Listen, let me just say in advance too before we get started, we had an interview scheduled. October 9th was Wednesday, 9:30 AM with President Trump, a live stream. We are waiting to hear back from them. We are obviously in a really troubling time in Florida and elsewhere with all the You. know the natural disasters going on if they need to cancel and move it. I I. Hope you all understand. So we're waiting to hear back from them. I will keep you updated. We, we are not the priority right now. The show, I mean meaning me, you are not me. Priority is everything else. So it slowed down a little bit. So maybe it's a good time to talk about disaster relief, but I promise I will let You know a lot going on today.


The tragic anniversary of the Terror Attack by the Demon Savages on October 7th and I. just want you to remember folks in a war between demon savages and the civilized man, you can never go wrong siding with the civilized man. You just can't. You just can't lot to get to today, please. Stay tuned. Big show.


Hey, with coin, get woke outta your wallet with a credit card that aligns your dollars with conservative values. Find 'em at COIG n.com. Go to coin.com/disclosures for terms, again, big show.


I also wanna talk about what happened this weekend and the snapshots and soundbites, which is the only way to evaluate a campaign.


Hey, the Federal Reserve has dropped interest rates, so you need to call my friends at American Financing today with mortgage rates in the fours, now's the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store, power and even childcare. The debt is really expensive with credit card rates being this insanely high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now's the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of about $800 a month. They're even closing some in as fast as 10 days. And if you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American Financing today. The number for American Financing is 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website's a.net address American Financing dot net NMLS 22 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org APR for rates in the four starts at a PR 5.672%. For well qualified borrowers call 88 9 9 4 76 60 for details about credit cost of terms. Thank you American Financing.


Alright fellas, let's get this show started. So folks, again, it was a long weekend for us. Am I gonna do a big long weekend update? 'cause there's a really a lot going on. A lot of good things, a lot of bad things. So I don't wanna waste a lot of time. But it's been a while since Del One had a really good time this weekend with the family I. just wanna spend a special, spend a second to really thank Country singer Nate Smith, his new album in California. Golds out. We went to the concert with him. Morgan Wallen, I met a lot of you out there. Thank you so much for the kind words. We were hanging out in the pit kind of watching a concert and Nate was kind enough to take us back to the, the bus afterwards, say hello a little bit. That's him with my daughter there. And just a really wonderful guy who I promise you absolutely loves this country.


And that's really rare, sadly these days in the entertainment community and a genuinely good guy. So really check him out. Super nice guy. And thank you Nate for your team and everybody, the real hospitality. We so deeply appreciate it. So that was it. I took my daughter in amusement park this weekend too, where I ran into a lot of you all. She had a good time. And I'm gonna tell you as a I, just as a picture on my Instagram of me, I should have put it in the show kissing my daughter on the forehead during the concert. All you girl dads out there can relate to this picture. And the funny looking faces they put on went dads show emotion to their daughters. So it's, that was for you guys. but we had a good time this weekend.


Family first man. Family first You. know, gotta take care of that God. Family country that matters. God, family, country. 'cause if you don't take care of those things in that order, you're not gonna have a country. If you don't take care of God, you're not gonna have a family. You get it. There's a reason they're in that specific order. It makes, I know, I know it makes sense to you folks. This weekend, so much happened politically. Donald Trump heroically goes back to Butler County, Pennsylvania where he was shot in the head and the hero, Corey comparator was murdered trying to save his family at the Butler County PA site. Two other people, in addition to President Trump were shot and gravely wounded.


The contrast this weekend between hapless, joking, cackling goofball, socially IQ inept, Kamala Harris, the worst presidential candidate in modern American history. That's including Joe Biden by the way, and Donald Trump getting out there with Elon Musk in Butler County, Pennsylvania. The contrast of the snapshots, the pictures and the sound bites, which is all campaigns are, as you well know from this weekend, my humble opinion are devastating. Don't get ahead of yourself. I'm not telling you there's gonna be any red wave You know I hate that talk. We still gotta get out and execute. Many of you have already voted. Get your votes in early.


As you've seen with these tragic natural disasters. Over 200 people killed with Helene, a devastating storm. Milton approaching the west coast of Florida, which may impact the show a little bit. I will let You know. He and I were discussing it this morning. If there's any sense of danger folks, we may have to record a show Wednesday night. It's supposed to be your Thursday morning. I know you understand. But with all that going on and the hapless response, the the snapshots and sound bites for Kamala Harris's bullshit campaign, ladies and gentlemen are getting apocalyptic. Now, this is the most socially inept, fake presidential candidate we've ever seen because she's not real.


She didn't win anything. She ran for president and didn't get a single vote. Okay? She dropped out before the Ohio Cau Ohio caucus as they spend our money, our government on illegals and people who are not US citizens. And Joe Biden is sunning his balls on the beach while 234 people died due to hurricane clean, sunning his balls, testicular tanning on the beach while the media does jack shit to expose this loser. And while his vice president is out in Hollywood kissing the ass of a bunch of Hollywood pseudo celebrities at a fundraiser, 234 people were dying in one of the worst natural disasters by death.


Toll the worst in the last 20 plus years. Hurricane Helene, of course the media covers for these zeroes. And what were they doing with the money? They were spending it on illegals who don't even belong in the country. And their first act coming here was to flip you the middle finger and cross the border illegally and say the rules don't apply to 'em. How do you think that feels to me to be married to a woman who decided, yeah, You know what? We're gonna go through the legal process, which is a major pain in the ass. But she did it. And what was Kamala Harris doing? Play this on VO for me. Here's Kamala Harris clogging up an assembly line, loading a toothpaste into here. She's totally cringey that here.


She's, this is what Kamala Harris, this is the extent. Tell me this isn't a photo op. Then she moves the other lady out of the direction to get into a line, to put a thing at toothpaste in a baggie. I've got a better idea, Kamala, instead of clogging up the assembly line for a cheap photo op, how about you and the president? You know it's The, Biden Harris administration. Stop spending billions of dollars on illegals and go and help the people of Asheville and Georgia and Florida and South Carolina. My friend just sent me a picture of how bad is Flo. People forget Florida got smoked too and is about to get smoked again. And freaking FEMA is outta money. Why? Because the United States is spending money on rebuilding Lebanon on illegals.


Oh, come on Dan. That's a conspiracy theory. No, you are a media asshole. That's not a conspiracy theory. It's real. Here's an actual tweet from Kamala Harris's official Twitter account at vp. The people of Lebanon. The people of Kentucky. No, You're mispronouncing North Carolina. No I'm not. Michael says I'm mispronouncing North Carolina. No, Justin left his glasses at home. He's like, that says Kentucky. No, it says the people of Lebanon. Oh, Lebanon, Pennsylvania. No, not Lebanon. No Lebanon. The country, the people of Lebanon, there's an actual tweet are facing an increasingly dire humanitarian situation. You'd think like the people in, like the people in Asheville, like the people in Florida, like the people in Tampa and Fort Myers and Cape Coral and Naples, the people up north from from Tampa were gonna be hit by the wind.


What about their humanitarian situation? Kamala notes, she's concerned about Lebanon, the security and wellbeing of civilian suffering in Lebanon and she'll continue working to help meet the needs of all civilians there. To that end, she knows she's gonna take your money. This is an actual tweet, dudes. I'm not making this shit up to that end. The United States stole money from their taxpayers. I'm throwing that in there. And we'll provide nearly 157 million to the people of Lebanon You know to like rebuild and stuff. Lebanon. That hosts a terror group. It brings the additional US assistance to Lebanon to 385 million. This what a liter.


This woman man, if you ever see this woman's like Patton, general Patton in an emergency sends out a tweet about the people of Kentucky. Oh actually Lebanon. Justin's like, I don't actually wear glasses. I can see straight that actually says the people of Lebanon. This is your vice president here, here. Here's your vice president. Right? She takes a little, pretend this, this little pen here, right? This the, this is the, this is the the she. She opens up a little baggie. Here she is. She's like, Hey, can I get in the assembly lines? Let's pretend he's caffeine. Here we go. Look, here's Kamala, eh, eh. People love. That's Kamala. It's the extent of her leadership.


These Are good. That's your vice presidential candidate. Oh, oh, thank I I. Didn't even see this. Thank you fellas. Hey, they're really knocking outta the park folks. Justin just pulled this up Friday, October 4th. These guys are just taking liberties. I like this. Biden Harris administration sent South Carolina 2 million in emergency relief. 2,000,002. Two. No, no, not two. Not two. No, no, that's 2 million. You gotta get them glasses that you don't need back on. But they're sending the people Lebanon 385 million over the last year. You can see that it's actually in the tweet. That's the verified account.


385 million. It's fascinating. 2 million South Carolina, 385 million people of Lebanon. No doubt Tom Cotton, who's been tearing it up lately. We don't fall in love with politicians. I'm just saying when a guy or a woman goes on TV and represents the cause, then they're a plus one and we're going to use it. So Tom Cotton, who's been tearing it up is doing a good job. Tom Cotton went on one of the weekend shows. Was this with Kirsten Weer? Is this NBC? Kirsten Weer who's, what is it? N-C-N-B-C. Yeah. Who's absolutely Hapless nails it again about how the administration is stealing FEMA money to give to illegals 'cause it's your money and they steal it at the end of a barrel of a gun through this thing called confiscatory taxation and giving FEMA money to illegals.


And Kristen Welker, who of course has to parrot the bullshit administration talking about, well that's a different pot of FEMA money. Really. They have no problem moving money around at all. It's like saying like the Secret service NSSE money couldn't be used for another event in the event of an emergency. As if they can't just go to Congress and ask to move the money around. The same bullshit administration that illegally takes money to pay off your rich neighbor Samuels kids student loan is now claiming they can't find money to fund the hurricane support. Even though Hurricane Milton is getting ready to destroy Western Florida right now is giving your money to illegals. And that's a fact. Jack, listen to yourself.


It is true that that FEMA and the Department of Homeland Security have been spending billions of dollars on migrants. I understand. Some people say they're separate funds. Yeah, but we, we just passed a short term spending bill. It's very common for the administration to come and ask for permission to move money between funds, especially to prepare for emergencies and, and second I I would note that this administration seems to have no problem finding money when they wanna spend it on their priorities. When they need hundreds of billions of dollars to pay off student loans for graduate students in gender studies programs. They somehow find it when it's trying to get helicopters to deliver food and water and cellular service and lifesaving medicine into these mountain valleys. They somehow can't seem to find the money.


And Your rich neighbor, Samuel, he's sitting there, you're rich neighbor, right? Samuel Bots. He's got his dogs up smoking a dub. His kid's like a woman's studies major. 14th century Egyptian women's rights study Minor. Don't worry, dare $140,000 degree at the University of East Tuna. Fish is getting paid off after the Supreme Court told Biden, you are actually not legally allowed to do that. He does it anyway. But when it comes to people in a hurricane zone, why don't You know about a hurricane zone? I don't know. Dip shits on the left. I live in Florida. We actually have a team down here called the Miami.


Yeah, what is it again? You Justin You know you're a Florida kid. Look hurricane. The the H the the hurricane. Hurricane. That's the name of the team. That's the name of the, we actually have a team they called the hurricanes a team. It's weird. Like the hurricanes, the Tampa Bay hockey team's called like the lightning. The lightning and the the hurricanes. You think that's all like an accident? So I know a lot about hurricanes. Damn. But you're a New Yorker. I am. You are correct. I am not a native of the south. Sometimes I wish I was love New York growing up, but I love it down here. But I've been down here almost 10 years now and I assure you hurricanes really suck. But why don't we have money for hurricanes?


Because we're given money to illegals. Justin was kind enough to put this up. This is from Anna Paulina Luna's Twitter account. Anna Paulina Luna is a congresswoman from Guess Where You Never Believe it. She's from Florida, so she knows a little bit about hurricanes too. Here's where your money's going. FEMA has no money to help you out. Sorry, you said sack taxpayers. Too bad. So sad. The EHS announces 380 million in funding on communities receiving migrants. IE illegals. The EHS announces another 77 million in congressional funding for communities receiving migrants.


I Wait, leave that up folks. I want you to just stew in all these headlines for a minute. So the Federal Emergency Management Agency funded by your stolen taxpayer dollars by these absolute pieces of garbage in the government, is now not responding to emergencies. They're now stealing your money to go to give to illegals. Here's another one. DHS is gonna distribute more than 12 million in funding. That's to the US Embassy in El Salvador. FEMA awards 110 million to food and shelter programs to assist migrants, IE illegals. Here's political New York City to get 104 million. These are all separate headlines, folks from FEMA for asylum seekers.


You people in the hurricane zone, you get the double barrel middle finger. Illegal migrants. Here's one more. Here's what's, throw one more. You DHS announces 300 million in direct funding to communities receiving migrants. Oh, I didn't even read. This is a double and 340 million for a new competitive awards process for illegals. Left wing media assholes. You can call this. There it is. Anna Nap. Paul Little, what, what is that surrounding her district that blew stuff on the map. I was get confused at this point. Well, Justin's correct me. I was gonna say water, but he's right now it's actually a hurricane. Siana. Paulina Luna actually lives in and and and represents a district surrounded by blue stuff.


It's even blue stuff on Google Maps, the hack site. And that's like liberals. That's water that's meant to be like bodies of water, oceans, lakes, rivers, You know. So there we go. So she knows a little bit and where's it, why is FEMA outta money? Because your government is giving it to Lebanon. No, not Lebanon, Pennsylvania or Lebanon. North Carolina, Lebanon, the country hosting a terror group and it's giving hundreds of millions and billions of dollars FEMA to assist illegals in breaking us laws. Now left wing assholes in the media and I'm talking to you, pieces of garbage. You can pretend this is a conspiracy theory.


All you want one, nobody believes you because you are absolute communist liars. Second I just gave everyone the headlines and the facts. You can try to carve this up all you want. Oh, it's different tranches of money in fema. Bullshit. Tranches of money are meaningless. President Biden could have come in tomorrow and said, Hey, that money that we were giving to illegals, I want that. Moved Congress into a different fund in FEMA and could have immediately taken care of you guys tomorrow and ladies. But he doesn't because he's sunning his balls on the beach trying to up his testosterone while his cackling vice president is sitting there, eh, a little tooth face in the bag, the face in the bag, taking ridiculous photo ops clogging up the assembly line and wasting people's time.


It's pathetic. This woman. Look at this pathetic scene. If this woman doesn't lose this election by 300 electoral votes, I I gotta tell you, the country's finished. I'm not going anywhere left these, I'm moving. I ain't moving outta shit. I'm staying here 'cause it's my country just to harass you. Communist tyrants. You're gonna have to put me in jail. I don't care. Do it. I'll my, my my kid's legacy. I'm gonna tell 'em that at least my dad fought you idiots to the end. But you are, you're disgusting. You and your ball sunning Delaware president are absolutely gross. You make me sick. I want to throw up, if this was a Republican president who was sunning his balls on the beach and sitting there faking on an assembly line, putting toothpaste in a bag while you're giving all of our tax money to illegals and Lebanon while we suffer, it would be the end absolute.


You'd be impeached tomorrow. Scott Jennings brought this up on CNNA guy whose commentary I've come to really appreciate and he made a far more eloquent point to me. I'm gonna play that in a minute. Quick break right back to the show. Hey, with the tax hikes proposed by Kamala Harris, 40% top income tax rate, 7% increase in the corporate tax rate cap gains on unrealized gains and some studies showing she's gonna add $2 trillion, probably more, by the way, to a current $2 trillion deficit over the next 10 years. You might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings tax sheltered and inflation inflation shelter.


That's why I trust the good people of Birch Gold Group. I've invested in gold for a long time. Birch Gold will help you assist you in converting an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news, you don't pay a penny out of pocket, just text the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, just information on how you could fortify your savings before the crazy really hits with an a plus rating with the BBB and thousands of happy customers. You can trust Birch gold too. I do. I've used it many times. B-A-R-C-H. So do me a favor, text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free information kit today. Check him out, get the information message and data rate supply. Thanks Birch Gold. We appreciate it.


Back to the show. I'm really loving this guy's commentary on CNN Scott Jennings. He's been tearing it up. And the good news is CNN I I, I'm, I'm convinced they're gonna get rid of this guy soon because I I can't believe they let this guy go on there and actually say things that are not ridiculous. Canned bullshit, liberal communist talking points. Here he is on CNN saying exactly what I just told you. You know damn well with this communist media filth that if this were a Republican president that had failed this badly I I, it's, it's amazing how George W. Bush I who I, by the way, I am absolutely no fan of. I hope you guys understand that George W. Bush, when you go back and look at Katrina, were mistakes made.


Yeah. But the majority of mistakes were made at the state and local level level. You look at the Louisiana Governor and the mayor of New Orleans at the time, what they did, the death toll now from Helene has far surpassed Katrina. And yet Katrina is still considered to be a big George W. Bush failure because the communist media has told you that what's happened with Helene is an abomination. Biden should be impeached just on principle alone. Watch Jennings make exactly this point. Check this out. Really Live through Hurricane Katrina in the Bush White House. And I, as I know you live through it, Anderson covering it. And I don don don't recall any restraint by Democrats or the national media coming after George W. Bush and FEMA and every other thing.


And it was immediately politicized and You know I I mean I I. Well remember it, it's steered into my brain. And so now all these people are out here saying, we can't politicize this. We can't criticize this. We You know. Nothing can be said about Biden and Harris here or FEMA or anything else. And I just think, well, if a Republican were in the White House and the Republican president were at the beach and the vice president were raising money with celebrities, I guarantee you somebody would be mad about it. Folks, the media disgusting. I don't wanna waste your time. So I didn't get into it, but I, for some bizarre reason, gave an interview to a local guy around here in the media. I really don't wanna get, 'cause nobody cares about this loser. He's like in his basement with the Jergens and some Pop-Tarts or something.


So I don't really wanna waste any time. I'm just saying like never ever talk to these losers. They are I don. It was my fault. It was about a local issue. And what does the guy do? He goes and cites almost word for word. A Wikipedia page doesn't mention it's Wikipedia and pretends it's like journalism. That's who these people are. That is why they are desperate to cover for cackling loser, communist Kamala Harris and sunning his balls on the beach. Joe Biden. Why you all die out there? Because they're Commies. These are not just people who screwed up and are incompetent. They are doing this on purpose.


How do you not cover how cringey this candidate is? I want you to watch something. Donald Trump, whether you like his speeches or not, goes off prompter all the time. He does. If you've never seen backstage what a teleprompter looks like, it's that piece of glass. But it's like a one-sided piece so he can read something you can't see. I've been backstage for three presidents, okay? Clinton, Bush and Obama. They, they go off prompter a lot and they're comfortable with it. Nobody goes off prompter more than Donald Trump. Here's what happens when Kamala Harris's prompter breaks down. I wanna play this cut for you. I'm gonna play it as a sod. It's sound on tape, right?


And I want you to see, you'll catch it when the prompter goes out. And I want you to watch how quickly she melts down and just starts repeating the same thing over again because she's an idiot. She has no ability to say any words, not fed to her without sounding like a complete moron. Watch and see if you can see the moment the prompter goes out. It was obvious to me, and I'm gonna be watching the chat. Check this out. Remember his number 32 today? We got 32 days until the election.


So 32 days. 32 days. Okay? We got some business to do. We got some business to do. All right. 32 days and we know we will do it. And, and this is gonna be a very tight race until the very end. This is gonna be a very tight race until the very end. We are the underdog and we know we have some hard work ahead. Wait, I'm, I'm watching the chat. Yes, you guys are so good you guys and ladies there, Justin and Michael and Avita got it right away when the second she takes the breath, you see when she takes the breath and she goes, you're right in the shot.


You're like 32 days. You guys nailed it. She looks at the prompter. If you go back and watch again, she turns her head to the left. Because remember the prompter's on both sides. That way when they speak they can do kind of the w and speak and look like they're addressing a whole crowd. You'll see watch. She's gonna take a breath here. She's looking to the right first. She's laughing. She's all happy. Now watch there. There we go. Right there. Panic. Michael just said it. Total panic, right? 32 days. You guys are smart man. That's why I love my audience. You guys nailed it. She cannot speak when someone is not feeding her lines. That's why whenever she does interviews, it is a freaking train wreck.


I'm gonna play some clips. It'll coming up in a little bit from her 60 minutes thing, which is gonna air tonight. But they released some clips. Folks, the woman is a moron. She is a legitimate moron. I again, oh if the insult, it's not an insult. It's true. She's a moron that it's not, I'm sorry. There are some people who are not bright. They make the best out of their lives. Hey man, I'm no Stephen Hawking level intelligence. I'm an average intelligence guy. I just work hard. I got no problem telling you the truth. I don't fake the funk. I've got a one 40 IQ I. do not. It'd be bullshit. Kamala Harris is an idiot. She cannot, she has never had a single extemporaneous thought in her.


And Tyler, you still the breath, right? Justin, what do you think would happen on this show when the prompter You know, they tell me what to say would go down. What do you think would happen? Make sure it's happened. He's confused because Judge, we don't have a teleprompter. We only have freaking headlines in can I, can I take a picture of this and send it here? You wanna see what the show looks like? I'm gonna take a, put this in the show here. You wanna see what my teleprompter looks like? Here it is here. I'm gonna zoom in. I'm gonna do this for you. This is not part of the show. Avita. You mind being in this picture here? Okay. Yeah. Well I'm gonna cut you out a little bit 'cause I don't want, here we go. All right, there's Avita smile. Okay, now I'm gonna send this to you. Put this in the show right now here you see Avita in the background.


This is going everyone. Here's my teleprompter folks. In case you think anybody is ever telling me what to say on the show, then I'm not trying to tell. This is the worst part. I am no freaking genius. I am an average intelligence guy. You're out there, you're a smart HVAC guy or a plumber. Me and you probably have the same iq. We have one thing in common. We work hard. That's why our product is good. Okay? 30. You just, we, this woman cannot even speak off a prompter for a second. A business to do. It's freaking pathetic. Alright, cringe. Low IQ candidate. There we go. There it is. 11 28, 12 seconds. There's the light.


You can see the little Skype camera on top if you're wondering what that is, that's where I talked to Jim on the radio show. There's what's in the prompter. What is it? It's a headline we haven't even gotten to yet. 'cause we're not even close. There's nothing in there. There's nothing in there. Just talk, just talk. There's nothing that makes me feel better when I meet people. Like I saw people at the Morgan Marlin concert, the amusement park this weekend, and they say, man, I love your show. It's so real, man. God bless you. I thank the Lord, my Lord and savior Jesus Christ for you all every day. Thank you. It is real.


All the warts and all the show is real and that woman is fake. I'm gonna take a break, but I wanna show you this first. Just put this on vo. You wanna talk about snapshots and sound bites. Campaigns or contrast. Folks, we're not in a parliamentary system where there's 53 people running. There's a Democrat and a Republican. It ain't the best system in the world, but it's better than the other ones. You got Kamala versus Trump. I want you to compare Kamala putting a piece of toothpaste in a baggy, clogging up the assembly line, wasting people's time on a photo op in Butler County, Pennsylvania where Corey comparator was shot, Trump was shot in the head and he heroically goes back, oh look, they found a way to secure it.


The secret service too. Amazing. It's almost like I told you they could do that. Hopefully I'll get to that in a minute too. Play that one more time. Look at that folks. What is that? Listen, I'm, I'm pretty decent at judging crowds. What that 30, 40,000 people, Who knows, 40, 50 look at. That's probably the entire county. Look at that. You wanna talk about pictures and sound bites? You tell me who's winning right now. If there was no cheating, I'd tell you this thing is gonna be big for us. There is gonna be cheating So. get ready for it. I wanna show you the best soundbite from the weekend too. Elon Musk, one of the most powerful men in the world right now.


Certainly the richest getting up at the rally. If you miss this and just nailing it, folks, this is what we needed. I, do not take endorsements from anyone and I I just make my own judgements. But having said that, given that Elon's bought Twitter, I'd rather have 'em than not. It was a great soundbite. I've got that. And also Kareem Jean Pierre absolutely freaking out. And the White House over the fact that we discovered that FEMA money was used on illegals and now isn't there for people suffering from hurricanes. Quick break. Last one and we'll get right back to the show. Hey, everybody's talking about those weight loss injections. 'cause the results are so dramatic. They work by helping to lower blood sugar and they help reduce appetites.


But what if you need to lose weight but you don't have the money. You don't like weekly shots.


That's why Brick House Nutrition's doctor created a fantastic supplement. By the way. It's how I got Lean and what's it called? It's called LEAN. the studied ingredients in Lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet or with only a few pounds to lose. The doctors at BrickHouse. Nutrition created LEAN for frustrated dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. So let's get started with 15% off in free rush shipping so you can add Lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit take Lean dot com LEAN and enter Dan 15. Dan one, five for your discount. Use promo code Dan 15 at take LEAN dot com.


These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease, real illness. It's not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. And our last sponsor today is mentum. Listen, how many of those male listeners have there You know it. You get up multiple times at night to go to the bathroom. It's really annoying. It affects your life, affects your partner. Your sleep study show. 15% of all men will deal with enlarged prostate due to BPH in their lives. It's sad, but it's true. A lot of treatments and medications out there for BPH have significant side effects too.


Let me introduce you to Mentum. Mentum Urinary support supplement is pure saw Palmetto oil extract. Look it up clinically proven to help reduce urinary frequency day and night and help improve prostate function. Help fight BPHA serious problem. mentum is the first and only USP verified prostate health supplement USP verifies purity, potency and manufacturing to FDA current good manufacturing standards. Mentum contains 320 milligrams of pure soil palmetto oil comparable to the leading herbal medicine sold in Europe with no prescription needed. The product has amazing results. Very happy with the results Mentum Health. Hey man, I'm 50 brothers and sisters. That's just the way we roll, man. Mentum Health is offering my listeners 20% off their first bottle of Mentum urinary support plus free shipping. Just go to mentum.com today, F-L-O-M-E-N-T-U m.com today. Enter code bonino mentum.com. Enter code bonino to get 20% off plus free shipping.


Statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They not been diagnosed. Treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Thank you Mentum. Back to the show here from the rally this weekend. Folks contrast, do not get out of the political lane and please do not overthink this thing. I don't, I'm trying not to say it to sound like a dick. We are really politically active. We are like the one percenters of politics. We are. We love this stuff. We live for this stuff. Not everybody has the, the the some of 'em are into different stuff. I'm just gonna leave it there because it must sound like an asshole, but it's just true. Don't overthink this campaign. It is pictures and soundbites. Here was the soundbite from the weekend.


This was Elon Musk at the rally. Compare this with Kamala Harris spending our money on illegals, putting toothpaste in a thing clogging up in assembly lunch. Check this. Just take them. Hi everyone. As you can see, I'm I'm, I'm not just Maga, I'm dark. Maga Well first of all, I I wanna say what an honor it is to be here. And You know the, the, the true test of someone's character is how they behave under fire.


And we, we, we had one president who couldn't climb a flight of stairs and another who was fist pumping after getting shot. Fight, fight, fight, blood coming down the face. Now America is the home of the brave. Do not overthink this campaign pictures soundbites. Why? Because people are busy. They are working, they're raising kids, they're putting together businesses. They're in the military, they're flying planes. They don't have time to be doing all this shit all the time.


That's why we have a representative democracy. They're going to see a quickie soundbite. And there's Elon, the richest man in the world, one of the most powerful entrepreneurs in the history of the United States. Landing rockets in the middle of a platform in the ocean building electric car technology. The government can't even figure out buying Twitter, turning it back into a free speech platform. There he is on stage talking about Trump fighting while Biden can't even find the stairs. And Kamala Harris is trying to figure out how to lie about spending all your FEMA money on illegals. It's gotten so bad. I found this clip on Twitter this weekend. I forget the account. I'm sorry. And we always like to hot tip people, but you guys are great and I try to do my best, but sometimes I, just forget if you guys can pull it up, but play it for this is Kare John Pierre back, what is it?


20, 20 or 20 a few years ago talking about stealing your FEMA money to give to illegals and then simultaneously claiming just last week or so that your FEMA money is not being given to illegals. Who's right? Kare Jean Pierre or Kare Jean Pierre. Ladies and gentlemen, they are lying. They are bullshitting you. They are fleecing your money. Check this out. It's just Categorically full. No Biden did not take female relief money to use to use on migrants. So FEMA regional administrators have been meeting with city officials on site to coordinate. To coordinate available federal support from FEMA and other federal agencies.


Funding is also available through FEMA's emergency food and shelter program to eligible local governments and non for non-for-profit organizations upon requests to support humanitarian relief for migrants. Folks, these people lie to you about everything they lie to you with Absolutely no that no no sense of human decency or integrity at all. This woman is at disgraceful liar. She's telling you in 2022, I showed you the headlines how FEMA is stealing your money to give it to illegals.


How your government's taking money to give to Lebanon everywhere else. And yet when you get screwed by a natural disaster, the government, one of the entities that's supposed to be there to help us, you're gonna pay for it. You at least, I wish the government would get out of everything and leave this to state and locals, but if you're forced to pay for it, you'd at least expect them to get some return on your money. Nothing. You get shit and then they lie to you about it every single time. Folks, here's why Kamala Harris is in the world of trouble right now. And Tim Walls tampon. Can we get the lightning Ball tampon Tim thing every time I've like obsessed with this little emoji.


We have tampon Tim with the almighty tampon. He's of course likes there he is. Like Zeus throwing the lightning ball. Tampon Tim in the boys' bathroom holding up his signature tampon. Look at that thing like a lightning bolt from the skies. There he is. Tampon, I, I. Like how do you get the screwed off the screen light? That's pretty cool. You guy working on this stuff every single day. Woo. And he is like disappears. Kamala Harris and tampon T cannot save themselves. Here is another one of little dirty little secrets of politics. Listen. All right, joking. Time over for a second. You know we like joke a little bit, but cutesy time's over just for now. Here it is. Tampon. Sorry, Tam Jokey. Time is back. There's tampon Tim. Everybody tearing it up in the chat.


Tampon Tim, put 'em up. Folks, get in the chat. If you're not a member, sign up for an account Rumble. It's free. And make sure you get your handy dandy tampon. Tim Zeus with the lightning bolt emoji. Throw it up in the chat every time we mention tampon. T he's back. Now why can't they save themselves? Because folks, I'm gonna tell you another back to kind of educational time for a moment. When you're around the political scene, you learn something really valuable. The candidate is supposed to be your secret weapon. What do you mean he's, he's the candidate. Like there's nothing secret about it. No. I mean, getting the candidate to show up, to raise money, to raise awareness, to get volunteers and pull people out to vote is supposed to be your secret weapon.


I I. I'll make it really simple. If Butler County, Pennsylvania this weekend was a rally with, I'll give you a popular Republican Ted Cruz, a nice guy. Everybody loves Ted Cruz, but would a hundred thousand people, 50,000 people show up? No. Why? Okay, because people are there to see Donald Trump. Well why? Because Donald Trump's the secret weapon. The problem tampon T and Kamala Harris have is they are both absolutely 100% incapable of saving themselves because nobody wants to see them. Kamala Harris and tampon ti are the secret weapon for Trump because they suck so bad. She cannot speak extemporaneously or off the cuff. She's not capable because she's an idiot Here.


She's asked a really simple question on the Middle East 60 Minutes, which of course is the C network. The C network, which is a joke. 60 Minutes is an embarrassing goofball tabloid magazine show. No one should ever take seriously. You never should have. It's a hack show. But they decide to do a fake interview with Kamala Harris. More of a campaign ad, and this is hilarious. The 60 Minutes guy's like, Hey man, no one's really listening to you, you in the Middle East anymore. I want you to listen to the word salad. The the answer folks, frankly is irrelevant because the woman's an idiot. It's how she cannot speak in any single coherent thought.


See if she lands this plane and gives an answer at any time, check this out. But It seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. Well Bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region. Did Justin said it right? You know I grew up in a middle class. Wait, what is I?


Want you to think about this. At any point, I have this business partner friend of mine, that's his favorite line. It's like you gotta, you gotta land the plane when you're in a business interview folks at some point wrap it the up, okay, if you're making a pitch for a sale to an investor, to an entrepreneur, here's why you should invest in this business. 'cause we've been on both ends of it. Selling opportunities in a business and buying into them. My best business advice to you from two years of business school is this, land the plane. Don't spend an hour overselling something. Just don't make the ask. Make the pitch bullet points and get out. Does she land the plane ever?


And if you ever feel like serious question, when Tampon T or Kamala Harris are being interviewed, do you ever feel like the plane lands and you're comfortable with the answer? Forget the politics of how stupid the answers are. Do you ever feel comfortable? She's given you an actual answer. The answers, of course not. Here's tampon T for some bizarre reason. I think it's because their internal polls are shit. That's what I'm hearing. Tampon T and Kamala Harris are now given interviews. He went on with Shannon Bream from Fox, who is obviously a lot smarter than him. The guy's a communist and he's a moron. So this is a big mistake.


Goes on with Shannon Bream on Fox. And Shannon Bream just absolutely wrecks him as he tries to take a tragic story of a woman's death and he tries to place an abortion narrative over it and just completely decimate the story. He lies about it. And Shannon Bream just totally eats his lunch and tampon. Tim, there's nothing he can do because like Kamala Harris, this man is a moron who does jazz hands Take a look. States Like Georgia force women to cross the border and then we have a death of Amber Thurman.


So let's be very clear. Trying to cut hairs on an issue on this is not where the American public's at. They want the restoration of Roe v. Wade, vice President Harris said she would sign it. That's what we'll do when we're elected women. But To be clear, the Minnesota law women is far beyond Roe v. Wade and about the Amber Thurman case in Georgia. Her family has, and it's tragic. She is a young mother who left behind a young son. But what her family has said is it was a complication from an abortion pill that she received and she didn't get proper care when she went to a Georgia hospital, which had multiple opportunities to intervene there. Her own attorney, the family's attorney says it wasn't the Georgia law, it was the hospitals. What he claims is malpractice not treating her when she clearly showed up in distress and still had the byproducts of her pregnancy because of that rare complication from the abortion pill.


So just to be clear on the Georgia law and how her family and her attorney sees it, Dude, do we have the people's elbow to Shannon Bream from the top ropes drops the freaking people's elbow on tampon tea who doesn't know what to do. He's sitting there with this goofy face on like, wow, man. As if, here's the problem. This woman died. Man, this is a tragedy. What happened to this woman? But go and read the story. Tampon. Tim is lying people's elbow, I mean just wrecks tampon. T as he tries to use this tragedy to make a pitch.


The irony of this story for tampon T is every single pro-life conservative like me, who has warned you about the danger, Vita knows the story too of these abortion pills that are sold like vitamins. Oh, don't worry about it. They are ao, okay, if if you read the story, do me a favor, folks. If you're interested in facts liberals too, for a minute, I'll stop insulting. You dip shit morons starting now. I think I already started starting now. If you're interested in the tragic story of Amber Thurman, there is an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal opinion column today. You can't miss it. There's about 11 articles that to be right there and jump out at you.


There is a thorough documentation of what happened to Ms. Thurman. These abortion pills are dangerous. This the reason Tim Walls doesn't wanna tell you the real story is because it's an actual argument for the pro-life. Cause he lied about the story, folks, every single thing these people tell you is a lie. The rich aren't paying their fair share. We didn't steal your FEMA money for illegals. Amber Thurman, is he? Oh, there it is. Thank you. Look, it took 'em. I didn't. This was not in the show. It took these guys five seconds to find it.


Nicholas Ano, this is a great article. The Truth about Amber Thurman's Death Harrison Walls exploited tragedy to further a political narrative about quote Trump's abortion bans. The story is horrendous. One in 25 women pills end up in the hospital One. Aveta Avita knows a lot about this too, and so does your mom. One in 25 women who take the abortion pill wind up in the hospital, the left doesn't want you to know that. They want you to think it's like taking vitamin C. This stuff is dangerous. Read the story. What do you think this stuff is penalty free. Not to mention terminating a human life.


Tampon and Tim don't wanna tell you that. You'll get the truth from me. Hey, you're pro-abortion. You wanna kill babies. I'm really sad that I can't talk you outta that, but at least know the truth and the danger so you don't die too. Of course, the interview got even worse. Here's tampon tea. Nothing they tell you folks is true. Nothing. These people and the commies in the media lie. Thankfully Shannon Bream drops the people's elbow again. Here's the, now I'm gonna show you an act of profound Dan, Bongino, Show honesty. I'm not patting myself on the back at all because you may not like it.


You may not like what I'm about to say. I am not a supporter of tariffs. I'm not. I think there are better and more efficient ways to generate tax revenue to fund at least a constitutional role of government. I'm not a fan of tariffs, period. But you notice how I don't lie to you. Okay? President Trump and JD Vance have a different view. We don't agree on everything. That's okay. We're not commies like the scumbags in the left wing media. Notice how Tim Walls absolutely bullshit. You You know what? Can I do this in reverse? Put the CNN headline up. First, I wanna show you how this is a CNN headline. Don't tell. You can look it up yourself.


Liberal dipshits. I said I would. Sorry, I can't today. You're pissing me off. CNN politics. Biden finalizes increases to sum of Trump's China tariffs. Biden Biden has hiked. There it is. Right in the prompter right there. Thank you. How did you get that on there? Oh, that was from before. Oh, I feel that's the one we were supposed to read before. I'm like, how did he get it right now? That's how far ahead in the show these guys get. That's how little I Dan, doesn't that distract you during the show? No, nothing except when they leave ads up. That's the only thing that distracts me. CNN Politics, Biden Finalizes increase to sum of Trump's China tariffs. Biden just increased the tariffs. Trump. Trump levied on China.


Here's Tim Walls. You're never gonna believe it. In the same interview with Shannon Bream, hilariously attacking Donald Trump's tariff plan, while not acknowledging that his Democrats made the tariffs even higher, watch him get wrecked by the people's elbow. Again, check this out. We're seeing economists Talk about Donald Trump's proposal. To add a 20% sales tax will cost $4,000. Okay, that's everybody. That's not me saying It. And just to note that is a tariff, which by the way, this administration not only kept most of the Trump tariffs, but they added their own as well. So that's gotta be part of the conversation. The Shannon Breen from the top ropes again, full blown Jimmy Snooker, Randy Macho man off the top ropes and Tim Walls.


Of course he's nothing he can say. Tim Walls is again, folks, this is why I love the conservative movement, not the Republican party, but the conservative movement. Because you and I can disagree. There are fair tax supporters, flat tax supporters. There are more populist Republicans who believe tariffs. That's okay. You are not bad people. I. just ask for some economic evidence about what's the best way. We do need some tax revenue. Military court system, at least locally in the roads. 99% of what the government spends money on is bullshit. We don't need anywhere close to the tax revenue we have now. We don't. However, we can have a fair debate.


I don't like tariffs. It's okay that we disagree about stuff. It's okay. Notice how the scum on the left will lie to you about anything because they can never ever tell the truth. Imagine being on a national program going Donald Trump's ce. What a freaking disaster. We're running against that. Actually, you guys just hiked the terrace and made the movie worse. What is it? Look, here's tampon tea again. Holy shit, I'm not really doing well on this interview folks. These people are totally full of shit. There he is. The Zeus lightning bolt. This dude is a disgrace. Folks.


I should pretend I'm Kamala Harris, like the prompter whatever, folks. And you start repeating yourself. This dude put up the Tim Hunt thing quick and he started talking about this dude is a disgrace. 32, 32 days, 30. These are who these people are. They're fed a bunch of bullshit on a teleprompter. They lie to your face about everything. Everything they tell you is a lie. Rich, PayPal top pay their fair share. Actually, the top 1% pay 40% of the income taxes. The richest one out of a hundred guys in your neighborhood pays 40 cents of every tax dollar while these liberal bums do absolutely nothing and pay shit. How dare you say that? Nothing they tell you is real.


School choice steals money from public schools. Bullshit public school funding's gone up. Amber Thurman, in tragic case, she died because of abortion laws. Totally not true. You are doing something really disgusting to this woman who died. I I. You're really just horrible, awful people. This is why they are obsessed with censorship and controlling the internet. This is why this show scares the shit out of them folks. We are the number one internet based live stream in the entire United States. We are the number one livestream, political livestream in the world. It freaks them out. Big hat tip to the Bonino Army. They are terrified.


We right now, all of us are public enemy number one, all of us. So you have to ask yourself, you see the shirt we're rocking today? Is it bad enough yet? You want one? Check 'em out at the store. bonino.com/store. Paula does 'em for you guys. We're not really a clothing company, but whatever. You guys seem to like them. Is it bad enough Yet? The reason I love this shirt, and I've been wearing 'em pretty much every day, not the same shirt. I obviously have quite a few of them. The reason I've been wearing them is 'cause everybody always asks a question when I see it. If they don't know the show, they're like, what do you mean? Is it bad? And I explain to 'em this kind of stuff is gonna happen. What kind of stuff? I wanna show you this Hillary Clinton interview folks.


I work with this woman. This woman is evil. She is not bad. She is evil. There's a difference. She is evil. Ask any agent who is not a diehard partisan hack. Put a beer in him and ask him how terrible this woman is. She is an evil demonic woman. Hillary Clinton is one of the single most destructive forces in modern politics we've seen in a long time. Here she is, and this is the Democrat platform right Now, make no mistake, Hillary Clinton did not say this by accident. I want you to get ready. If we lose this election for North Korea style censorship in the United States, why do you think Elon is jumping on board right now too with the MAGA trade?


'cause he knows we lose this selection. It's over. You will never be able to criticize this regime again. Here's Hillary Clinton. She did not say this by accident. Listen to, to this. It's The platforms, whether it's Facebook or Twitter, X or Instagram or TikTok, whatever they are. If they don't moderate and monitor the content, we lose total control. And it's not just the social and psychological effects, it's real harm Folks. Do you really believe the probably second most, most powerful woman in the Democrat party behind Nancy Dip Pelosi?


It's not Kamala. No, it's not Kamala. Not even even close Pelosi. Hillary Clinton, maybe Kamala's like fourth or fifth. Hillary Clinton is one of the most powerful communists in the entire world. That's what she is. She's a comm. I mean, let's just stop the nonsense and all the bullshit, the pretenses. She is a commie. She's not saying this by accident. Oh, if we lose control of the internet, we lose control. Yes, she's folks. They are who they say they are. Stop trying to pretend they're anything other than they're telling you who they are. Sorry for the poor English.


Do you understand what I'm saying? They are North Korean style, Soviet Union communists. Hey man, we don't wanna lose control of the internet. We'll lose control of the air. No kidding. Because the truth will come out. Everything they tell you is bullshit. Everything. Just quick throw up that Ben tweet. Mike Ben's put this tweet up at the front page of the New York Times. Here they are, but he says, we misjudged North Korea. He goes, I str I struggle to believe the denisons of New York are somehow any less propagandized. He's got this picture of the New York Times business section where, look at this, where everything Elon says, they're like missing context. Missing context only means liberals didn't have a chance to lie on Twitter 'cause they'd get community noted.


This is their actual image from the New York Times folks, the citizens of New York and California and a lot of these liberal states are no, are really have been propagandized, sadly no differently than citizens of the Soviet Union. It is Unbeliev, not all of 'em. There's obviously a lot of conservatives there, but I think you get the point. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. I so deeply appreciate it. Again, we will keep you updated about the Donald Trump live stream. When we get an update from them, You know we are not the priority right now. It is the citizens of North Carolina, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, west Florida on the West coast, the Gulf Coast, which is about to get hit. Really bad folks. Power of prayer, man.


Give people the strength to get through this. There are friends of mine who are still recovering from just last week, who are now gonna get hammered again. That's a big deal. But I promise I'll keep you updated by social media here and on the radio show. If you ever wanna watch the radio show at noon, we go live in a few minutes from now. If you're watching on the live stream on Rumble rumble.com/bonino, you can watch the first two hours of the show. The third hour is for local subscribers. You can get all three on locals if you'd like. That's for you, your option. We really appreciate it. Folks. Download the Rumble app, it's free. Watch the show every day. Set up an account, all free rumble.com/bonino. Thanks for tuning in folks. Really appreciate it. See you on the radio show in a few, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.