
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Haley. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry If you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley. I'll see you there.


Hey everybody. Welcome to VINCE on a Wednesday. Good to have you with us today. Boy, I've got a big show for you today, including, is it possible for us to cancel out the entire Biden presidency? Was it such a hoax that it was completely unconstitutional? We'll get into the details on that coming up. Also, the big beautiful Bill is right now being contemplated by Congress. They're debating it. They've been going all night talking about this thing. They're trying to get it out of the United States House of Representatives, and in the midst of all of this, we may be joined. I'm telling you right now, we may be joined by Congressman Jason Smith. He's the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, literally as of this minute that interview a little up in the air because they're still behind closed doors, hammering out the details.


If he emerges, he'll appear here. Right on VINCE. So standby. We'll see what happens during this hour. It's always a, a very live news environment here. Great to have you with us today.


As always, this show is brought to you by Blackout Coffee, the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order. And yes, it is. It is really Great to have you with us today. The the best damn audience in media. Thank you for that.


Hey, I gotta tell you about our great sponsors that make all of this possible this July. There's a global summit of Bris Nations going on. You know about this is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and the block of emerging superpowers includes China, Russia, India, Iran, and they're all meeting with a big goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. Now, as Brix nations push forward with these plans, global demand for US dollars could actually decrease. And if they do, it brings down the value of the dollars in your savings. While this transition is not gonna happen overnight, the so-called real reset in July does mark a really critical moment when these bricks objectives could move decisively from theoretical possibility toward reality. So you should learn if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free information kit on Gold by texting my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today. Data and message rates apply.


Well, it seems with each passing day we're getting more and more updates on just how limited Joe Biden was. And by now, You know all the details. I'll get into some more of that coming up. But in his limitation, who was actually president of the United States and was this such a constitutional crisis that we can invalidate huge portions of the Biden presidency? In other words, were the signatures unlawful, unconstitutional? If a robot is doing the signing and Joe Biden has no cognition about it, well then how can we say that the president actually signed something into law or pardoned anybody to begin with? So I'm not the only one who's noticed this.


You are not the only one who's noticed this. President Trump has definitely noticed this. And if you've been watching him over the course of, of especially the past few days, what you've seen is he keeps bringing this up that Joe Biden was not acting in any functional way as the President of the United States. Other people around him were doing it. Here's President Trump yesterday. Truth social, a big post, an important post on truth social about his thoughts on this process. And he's got other people in the administration who are concerned about this as well. Look at this. He never talked about open borders where criminals of all kinds, shapes and sizes can flow into our country at will. It wasn't his idea to open the border and almost destroy our country and cost us hundreds of billions of dollars to get criminals out of our country and go through the process we're going through.


Now, it was the people that knew he was cognitively impaired and that took over the autopen. You see what the president's saying? It's the Autopen presidency. They stole the presidency of the United States, and they put us in great danger. The President says, this is treason at the highest level. They did it to destroy our country, the Joe Biden that everybody knew would never allow drug dealers, gang members, the mentally insane to come under our country, totally unchecked and un vetted. All anybody has to do is look up his record. Something very severe should happen to these treasonous thugs that wanted to destroy our country, but couldn't because I came along, make America great again.


Okay? So there's a couple things going on in here, including President Trump who's routinely called Joe Biden, the worst president in American history, offering somewhat of a, of a generous, generous olive branch to his predecessor saying, look, I get it. You would've never done this If you were of sound mind. There's no way. There's no way you would've opened up our borders. There's no way you would've gone about trying to destroy our country. You were such a vegetable that people just took advantage of you. You were like an old timer in a California old folk home. Somebody walked in and scribbled your signature on a ballot and then stole your vote. That's what happened to Joe at a presidential level with far reaching consequences. So President Trump is pointing out, this is the Autopen presidency and understanding that is critical to what might happen next with invalidating all of the things that were done under Joe Biden's name and signature.


This includes pardons for people like Anthony Fauci and Liz Cheney and Adam Schiff. This includes pardons across the board for the Biden family. This includes legislation that was signed into law nominally by, by Joe Biden, but instead ultimately by an auto pen that did it. And so is President Trump the only person in the administration talking about this? No, he is not Ed Martin, who you heard on this program where we had, we talked about him as the pardon attorney, where we talked about him as the US attorney for Washington dc. He already right out the gate was demanding answers from Biden World about the use of the Auto Pen and Joe Biden's competency.


And he just went on to another show called The Two-Way Show, and he elaborated a bit on what he told you to begin with, that the, that Biden's, the Biden White House was using the auto pen. And here are the shot callers. Here are the people who are really governing the White House while Biden was president, according to a top level Democrat that Ed Martin spoke to. Take a look at this. Cut one. And who are the Three people they said were doing make for money? Well, they said this is the one that's, well, let me say it carefully. Yeah, the, the, the, the, the gatekeepers different characterization of who was using the access, but the gatekeepers were Clay and Anita Dunn and Bob Bauer. And those three were really dominant characters in the White House.


That Ricki a little bit and obviously Jill, but, but I think that was the, the, the three I. But, and I, I was with this, this and I got I well person and I said, what about Susan Rice? What about some of these others? And they said, no, this was, these were the ones, These were the ones. So you heard 'em, you mentioned three names, Ron Klain, Anita Dunn and Bob Bauer. I just wanna dwell on these names for just a moment because these are very important names and who they're connected to is absolutely critical. Chick soap, chick soap. You're getting ahead of me Chick soap in the chat. Why is no one mentioning Obama?


Hold onto your hat. Hold onto your soap. Chick soap. I've got you. Ron Klain was Obama's Ebola czar. Ron Klain is an Obama loyalist who was working as one of the chief people was running the country according to Ed Martin's sources. Anita Dunn was Obama's communication director. And Anita Dunn's husband is Bob Bauer. Bob Bauer was Obama's White House counsel. You got that. Obama's eb are Obama's communications director and Obama's White House counsel were running the White House.


They were running the White House. So Ed Martin says these are the three. And he even asked, he's like, what about Susan Rice? Kmart asked this, what about Susan Rice? And Ed Martin has discovered from his sources, yeah, she was there, but she wasn't playing as big of a role, but it was Anita Don, Bob Bauer and Ron Klein, Ron Klein, excuse me, who were doing this. These are all Obama people. These are Obama loyalists who were running the White House. And this brings us back to Obama himself. Remember what Obama said on this subject? What would he do? What would he do? Is it possible for him to have, have a third term? If he was going to have a third term, how would he be able to do that?


We take a look. Here's Obama saying it himself. Pe-people would ask me, knowing what You know now, do you wish like you had a sec, a, a, a third term? And I, I used to say, You know, what, if, if I could make an arrangement where I had a, I had a a stand in a front man or front woman and and they had an earpiece in, and I was just in my basement in my sweats looking through the stuff, and then I could sort of deliver the lines, but somebody else was doing all the talking and ceremony. Yeah, that's the arrangement he would go for. Well, look, if I had a vegetable, if I could just control from afar, that would be the way to do it.


I don't like talking to people. I don't like hanging out at the White House. But if I could just do it from a distance, have my operatives run the whole show, then we'd be good. Well, that's what Obama did. Obama's people stocked up the whole White House. Look, it's not a mystery that Obama people were all over this White House when Biden came into office. I remember Lester Holt at one point had actually asked Biden about this. Like, Hey, what's the deal? There's a lot of Obama people coming in here. Is Obama kind of pulling the strings in the White House? And Biden laughed it off at the time. But guess what? Guess what? Now with not only the benefit of foresight at the time, the benefit of present sight as we were going through it, and the benefit of hindsight now, yeah, Obama was running the whole damn show.


Obama was running the show up to and including the decision to remove Joe Biden from office last year. Remember, what was the, the big moment where the whole left turned on Joe Biden when they all did, obviously after that debate, they all started saying maybe he shouldn't be here. They were trying to get rid of him in order to ensure their long-term power. But it was when George Clooney Obama, one of Obama's boyfriends shows up and then says, no, get rid of the guy. He writes this New York Times up at time to get rid of the guy. Time for Joe to go. You know, George Clooney Obama's, You know, he hangs out with him in Italy at the Villa. These guys don't do things without Obama's blessing.


George Clooney doesn't move unless Obama says, yeah, you do this. Let's take out Joe Obama took out Joe Biden. So Obama was the shot caller for the Obama, for the Biden presidency. And he was the shot call, call caller to get rid of Biden in the end. Now, Obama didn't get everything he wanted. He wanted Kamala Harris to not be the nominee. He wanted an open primary for the Democrats, and he was outmaneuvered by other Democrats in his party, but understanding the fact that Obama was running the show, and this is further proof of that, Anita Don, Bob Bauer, Ron Klain running the Biden presidency is a clear of sign as any that a lot of people are trampling all over the Constitution Obama, by taking a third term that he wasn't entitled to.


And Anita Don, Bob Bauer and Ron Klain, if these allegations stand up by acting as the President of the United States without him even being cognitively engaged. So I think this is a very meaningful update from Ed Martin, a very meaningful update from Ed Martin on how that presidency was being conducted and the beginning, hopefully of something really important, which is that we can invalidate a lot of these things, including these pardons and say, no, that's not a legitimate pardon. If if Joe Biden was non-comp Menis. You can't agree to a contract. You're not allowed to agree to a contract If you, If you don't have cognition, if someone else signs a document with your name on it and you're a vegetable, you're committing fraud.


It's against the law to do that. So this is, this is a very big deal. Now, of course, the media is engaged in a game of pretend right now. Like they just discovered that, that Joe Biden wasn't with it best, best, I think symbolized by Whoopi Goldberg on the View. Listen to Whoopi Whoopi is shocked. Nobody told her that Joe Biden was brain dead. How come? Nobody told me. Here she is cut to trust issue Voter. There has always been a mass trust, trust issue because politicians, media, nobody does what they're supposed to do. Now, I say for me, listen, he's 83, so he's a little stumbly.


He's a little rumy. I can't point to anything that he's done as pre that. He did, he was running for his next four years. But, but I'm saying I want, not you, but I want somebody to tell me, well, when did You know it was bad? If you knew, why did you wait? So I can I answer that though? I can I get in for a second? He said that it was after he moderated the debate. Can, can I? Yes, but that's, I'm sorry, baby. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about If you, If you are telling me that hundreds of people knew, knew that he was not able to do his job, then where the hell was everybody? I think Job, We were all over the place.


Where were you at? Where were you at? Apparently she wasn't here. She wasn't listening to you. She wasn't in this chat. She, she wasn't talking to literally any other living American who had turned on their television for all the time that these women spend on television, apparently they've never turned it on outside of the hours that they were on tv. They never looked at. Joe Biden and Biden kept showing up to that show too, and they got to see him up close and personal. So Whoopi is either the biggest moron who's ever occupied a television set, or, well, maybe it's just that, maybe she's just a moron. She's just, nobody told me what this is.


This is, these are terrible excuses. These are terrible excuses. What happened to Whoopi? Go back to Sister Act that you were at your Best and Sister Act lady. All right, so there's Whoopi Goldberg. That's not even her real name, by the way. Whoopi Goldberg. What's her name? Isn't it, isn't it Karen? Her first name's Karen. Her last name is Johnson or something. Anyway, Whoopi Goldberg, she's a, she's really special, isn't she? All right, so there, there's Whoopi. Meanwhile you got Alex Thompson and Jake Tapper. They've got this book that, that that's out now about Joe Biden and how the media that we had no idea, we had no idea. Well, one of the reasons why the media didn't cover this is because they were so compliant with the White House's spin that even the White House was shocked.


Even the White House was shocked by how easy it was to get the media to cover up Biden's brain damage. Alex Thompson just in an interview and said, and said the following, here it is, cut six Alex Thompson talking about how even the Biden White House was embarrassed by how easy it was to get the media to play along, I Think. So When you were reporting this, did people in his inner circle, did those that you talked to acknowledge that the media, were they surprised by how complicit the media was? You Know, it was interesting. I had one conversation with someone. This was after the election while we were reporting this book. And this person said, listen, yes, we deserve blame for X, Y, Z. We were hiding him.


We were, but they, this person also sort of got in my face and they said, listen, the media deserves some blame too. Like, we were sort of amazed at some of the stuff we were able to spin orders on. They, they, in some ways, it's like The bank robber complaining that the safe wasn't locked Or something. Yeah, they, they're just like, you guys, you guys should not have believed us so easily. And I thought that was like a really interesting, but I also think that's true. I think, I think the media in a lot of ways just was not skeptical enough and did not remember the lesson that they do it to different degrees. But every White House lies, Oh, he is too generous. It's not that they were lacking skepticism, they were willing accomplices.


That's what this was. They wanted to hurt Trump, and they wanted to help Biden. They were rooting in their heart for the power of the Democrats. That's what this was. It wasn't that they just had the wool pulled over their eyes. The reason they were so compliant was because they were on the same team. What are the talking points today? Okay, we'll repeat those. And that's what they did. Even in the face of Joe Biden being on television and falling upstairs and downstairs and tripping on stage and heading off in odd directions, shaking hands with the air, saying hello to dead Congresswoman, where's Jackie?


Where's Jackie said, Joe Biden, even in the face of all of that, the media dutifully piled on with the White House talking points. We went, we had an entire media cycle about cheap fakes that was a White House talking point Kare John Pierre history's dumbest press secretary, said it was a cheap fake to notice that Joe Biden wasn't of sound mind in that fundraiser alongside Obama and George Clooney, where Obama had to grab Biden by the, by the back of the neck and guide 'em off stage, right this way, Joe, out this way. Let's get rid of you. We gotta get you off stage. And so after that happens, the White House says, cheap, fake.


And then the media all dutifully repeat it despite the fact that your eyes told you the truth. So spare us on the whole, well, they weren't skeptical enough that skeptical enough, they were all in, they were all in in their compliant teamwork with the Democrats. It's so crazy the gaslighting that these guys are undertaking right now with you. So there you have, there you have. But even the White House is like, man, you guys are embarrassing. You guys are embarrassing the fact that you'll buy anything we say. And that's not the only, the only piece of this, the, the media tour continued for Alex Thompson and, and Jake Tapper. In a moment I'll play some, some great cuts of Jake Tapper just getting destroyed by me, Kelly this week.


I don't know what they were thinking when they picked the me Kelly interview, but it did not go well for them. But one more from Alex Thompson. This is Jake Tapper's co-author. The Biden campaign apparently filmed a fake town hall with Joe Biden. Take a look at cut seven here, Alex Thompson describing a fake town hall that Joe Biden was in that they couldn't even use because Biden was that weak during his appearance. Take a look. And Alex, the fact of the fake town hall is not actually the worst part of the story that you report in the book. Yes, other campaigns have used fake town halls. Now, I would say those town halls usually are in addition to real town halls like Kamala Joe Biden was doing, neither this fake town hall was in order to film it so they could make it into campaign commercials.


They filled it in, they filmed it in Delaware with supporters. But Joe Biden at this point, this is the spring of 2024, Joe Biden's Town Hall, which was closed. The press was so bad that campaign officials determined that it was not usable for a campaign commercial. So they took 90 minutes, two hours out of the President's Day, they filmed an entire town hall and they determined that it was not usable. It's amazing. Isn't it amazing? They, they straight up wasted money to film this guy, including taxpayer money. It takes mon taxpayer money to move the president of the United States. He goes to Delaware, he does a full blown town hall with a bunch of, with a rigged audience, with a rigged audience. It was just Biden's supporters.


People that they brought in. They told them, you're gonna cheer here, you're gonna act like he's of sound mind. Hey, he couldn't even do that. They filmed it and they never used it. Just to remind you that while they said his presidency was the Biden presidency, Joe Biden wasn't president of the United States. The evidence for this is overwhelming. This is one of the most consequential coverups in American history, and I consider it one of the obligations of this program to uncover it. So we'll keep doing that in more in a moment as we get to Jake Tapper, getting an absolute beat down from Megan Kelly this week.


Great stuff and totally predictable. I'm glad it happened.


But first, I gotta thank our sponsors that make this show possible. Love them. There seems to be something happening with farmland here in the United States. You should know about. It's not getting enough attention. Reports say that Chinese companies have been buying up hundreds of thousands of acres of US farmland. It's also said they're trying to take control over these critical supply chains, things like fertilizer and animal feed, farming equipment. Now, why is this? Well, it seems to be that they're tightening their grip on global food production. And if things go south, well, we all need to be ready. And this is why you should trust and why I trust My Patriot Supply their America's largest emergency prepared in this company. And you see, right now, when you purchase their four week emergency food supply, you're gonna get four free 72 hour food kits. It's an extra 12 days of food absolutely free. That's four weeks of delicious meals that last up to 25 years delivering over 2000 calories per day, shipped fast and free. Now, of course, you and I can't control what China does, but we can control how prepared we are with My Patriot Supply. So go to prepare with VINCE dot com today and claim your 12 days of free food with qualifying purchase shop now at prepare with VINCE dot com. That's prepare with VINCE dot com or thanks to My Patriot Supply, great sponsor of this program.


Okay, we've got the me, Kelly, I if You know this is fun, honestly, there are a million clips from this I could have chosen for you, but I'll just choose a couple of my favorites that that jumped out. So, just to understand, even before I launch this, what happens is Megan knows the mission. Megan knows the mission, which is she is going to hold a mirror up to Jake Tapper and say, really, you wanna be the guy to tell us about Joe Biden's cognition now at this late date after his presidency? Because if we look back at your record, not exactly glowing, in fact, it's a disaster. You were a part of the coverup. And she, and she brings the receipts, which of course you might expect from Meghan.


Now, meanwhile, it's the three of them all on camera. So it's Meghan to, to the far left of the screen, Jake Tapper in the center, and then Alex Thompson is to the right of the screen. And Thompson just sits there like, I don't know, like he's being cuckolded or something. He's sitting there watching this play out in front of him and, and he has nothing to say because nobody's talking to him. Now, You know, Alex Thompson is an Axios reporter, and I've mentioned it before during Biden's presidency. He had a couple of reports about how Joe Biden wasn't all with him, and that they were changing things. Like he was going up the short and they were, the, the White House was covering up for all of his infirmities. Alex Thompson was doing that.


But Alex Thompson decided to link up with Jake Tapper for this book, the two of them. And when they did, the reason, of course, Thompson does this is because Jake has a television show, Jake's on CNN. So it's a, it's a business consideration. I can sell more books if I co-write this book with Jake Tapper obvious to anybody who's watching from the outside. So these two guys link up, and I said, from the moment I saw that this book came out, I was like, this is a mistake for Thompson because Thompson is gonna have to own tapper's sins. And here he is, he's on Megan Kelly's show, and the two of them have to sit together and Tapper is just getting his ass handed to him by me. Kelly, take a look here. I've got me Kelly cornering Jake Tapper here.


He, here it is. Cut eight for covering up Biden's mind. Joe Biden has been saying stupid things for decades. Okay, I get what you're saying. But, but that, but this minimizes it too, because it was more things. No, I'm, I'm not izing at all stupid things, but I, I'm just, I'm telling you, like over here in my ecosphere, we were covering all of these. It wasn't just falling down, it was getting lost. It was some of the stuff you report in your book, we knew and we were reporting on like the multi jump cuts in the videos of him, or it was obvious he couldn't get through a one minute take. So they had to use those. It was clear to us that he was using teleprompter and, and, and there was some reporting on that at the time, all of which the White House was denying.


Now with the current White House, I have some connections with the Joe Biden White House. I had none. But you did. You did. And so while, so that's Megan, you've been in Washington 30 years, Jake, you guys, you and CNN have White House connections, but there was no effort, none to get to the bottom of this. And now for you guys, accurate guys to write this book, like there was a coverup. It's like you, there was a coverup And it, there was an attempted coverup. Y it could only ever work If you allowed it. Yeah. Alright. So she's just reams him out and rightfully so. That's satisfying to watch to his face. And he's insist, oh, that's not true. That's not true. Now, in the midst of all of this, he's been claiming like, oh, I've got some humility.


I wasn't tough enough on him. I took the edge off a little bit. I shouldn't have. And he's acting like, like, well he, he, in one hand, he tries to give credit to conservative media. He is like, well, conservative media got it right. You know, they're, they're, they did it right. But the only reason they got it right is because they were watching it from the outside. And I got it wrong at first, but I only got it right later because I watched it. I found out on the inside, what, what is this? So the people who got it right first, they don't get credit for that because they only use their eyeballs. Call that prime of fascia evidence. It's, it's, it's visible on its face that Joe Biden wasn't with it. You didn't need deep reporting on this subject.


The deep reporting on this subject is just so You know, a bunch of Washington insiders could claim, You know, basically get their moment in the sun. Like, oh, look what I saw. Well, how come you didn't tell us before? How dare you? Now you wanna profit off of it. And so We got a couple revelations here. Tapper reveals, remember that that clip of him going around where he was treating Laura Trump like garbage. 'cause Laura Trump brought up that Joe Biden wasn't with it. He said she's, he's got problems. And Tapper instantly came to his defense like a, like a full blown Biden loyalist. And tapper reveals now to me, Kelly, that he privately apologized to Laura Trump. He privately, now notice what he doesn't say.


He never publicly came out and said, look, I should have never done that. I was wrong. This is the first time we're hearing this. He never went on his television show. He never told the audience that he did that in front of that he was wrong. He privately called her to keep it outta sight. Take a look here. Cut nine. Jake Tapper revealing his call to larger, but You covered the Biden presidency aggressively throughout the four years and, and you didn't cover mental acuity hardly at all. I mean, time and time again when issues came up, you seem to be running cover for the president. I don I don't think that's true. He Didn't seem interested. Well, I mean, we'll start with the Laura Trump issue that you referred. Here it is Joe Biden, as we all know, his work to overcome as stutter. How do you think it makes little kids with stutters feel when they see you make a comment like that?


Oh my God, First and foremost, I had no idea that Joe Biden ever suffered from a stutter. I think what we see on stage with Joe Biden, Jake is very clearly a cognitive decline. Okay? That's what I'm referring to. It makes me uncomfortable. You, you are no, to watch the money on stage shirt. I can, this is so amazing. You're Trying to tell me that what I was suggesting was a Stuttering. I I think you were mocking his stutter idea. Joe Biden. Yeah. I think you were mocking his stutter. I think you have absolutely no standing to diagnose somebody's cognitive decline. Do you wanna apologize to Laura Trump? Now I've already apologized to her. I called her months ago. And what did she say? I, I mean, I don't wanna disclose the, the contents of a private conversation, but I thought the conversation went well.


Of course. And she said, she has said this publicly, so I'm, I feel fine sharing it. She said that she would never mock anybody stutter. But I mean, I, You know, after we did the research for this book, and I realized how bad his acuity issues were, I like, I, I mean, I, I called Laura Trump and I I said you were, you were right. She was totally right. Oh my God, he is so full of shit. It's unbelievable. I'm sorry. It's unbelievable. He got up there and he said, oh, you're mocking him for his stutter. You heard Laura Trump and the original clip say, I didn't even know the guy had a stutter.


All I'm compelling, all I'm telling you is that it is clear that this guy's got cognitive problems. This guy's got cognitive problems. And to, to hear him sit up there and be like, I, I just, I I'm being contr. I, I, You know, I, I just didn't notice. I, I thought she was mocking the stutter, but I was wrong. You know, it's such garbage. It is such completely complete garbage. He's trying to sell a book. He's trying to sell a book, and he's caught like a deer in the headlights as Megan just plays this clip for him. It is so crazy. What's going on here. And You know, Jake Tapper, he's slippery. You know, this is, he, this is the world he occupies.


He's done this for years. He's done this for years. Where moment by moment he shifts and pretends like, what? I didn't do anything wrong. I didn't do anything wrong at all. And it was crystal clear to her. You know, I don't know if You know anybody with stutter in your life, but I do. I know, I know people who've had stutters their whole lives and to a t They're, they've all been insulted by the idea that Joe Biden's cognition problems had anything to do with a stutter. A stutter doesn't have anything to do with you screwing up facts or lying to people. Stutters don't make you lie. Stutters don't make you screw up the truth. That's Biden, that's Biden, that's a product of his entire career of deceit, which by the way, was well established before his current cognition problems and a product of his inability to think straight in his latest years.


That's the case. So it's, it's amazing to watch these guys try and especially Jake Tapper, try and salvage his career here and sell a book at the same time.


All right, I gotta thank the sponsors of this program that keep all this going. Thank you to Blackout Coffee. Blackout Coffee. Not only a great sponsor, just a really great cup of coffee. I drink blackout coffee every single day. I've got my Don't tread on me mug today, which is a lot of fun. Blackout coffee, fills it up every morning. I start my day that way. I keep my day going with Blackout Coffee. It's because it's delicious Coffee. And it's patriotic Coffee. This is America First Coffee. The the owner of Blackout is John. And he's a great guy. And he's the real deal. He built a great company from the ground up. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So you already know that this is a brand that stands for the right values. Really does. And one of the cool things I, I notice in our chat all the time on rumble.com/ VINCE people, a lot of blackout coffee drinkers there. I'm cheering you on because I know you're having the kind of day I am supercharged with Blackout Coffee. Here's the deal. John is hooking everybody else up as well. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Whether you like hold bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE and get 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee baby. Love these guys.


And I also have to tell you about Bo and Branch Sheets. You familiar with Bo and Branch? I love Bo and Branch. You know why? Because, well, first and foremost, it's because my wife loves Boland Branch happy wife. Happy life is totally true. Totally. I know it's a bumper sticker, but it's totally true. My wife adores our bo and branch sheets, and by the way, I adore our Boll and branch sheets. They're very comfortable. And that's the critical thing. You know, when you're sleeping, you want comfort. It makes it easier to relax. You know, there's lots of stuff going on. You may, you might have some worries at home, at work, everything happening in the world, Boland, branch sheets, quiet all the noise and wrap you in soften. And it so extraordinary that your body and mind effortlessly drift to sleep. So important for your health. Their signature sheets are made with the finest 100% organic cotton. So you can spend every single night in the softest feeling imaginable. These bestselling sheets feel buttery, breathable, and they get softer actually with every wash. Discover the difference with Boland Branches 30 night guarantee. I'm telling you, I've never slept better. Sleeping well is so critical. It's the most important thing for your health. Bo and branch sheets are insanely comfy. You can feel how high quality they are immediately try them for an entire month. If you don't get your best night's sleep, send them back for a full refund. Feel the difference An extraordinary Night's Sleep can make with Bo and Branch. Get 15% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bolandbranch.com slash VINCE. That's boland branch. B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com and slash VINCE. That's boland branch.com/ VINCE to save 15% exclusion supply. See site for details. Thank you to Boland branch. Okay, yes, they are beautiful sheets. I totally agree.


L dri one l dri one. Thank you L dri one. Okay, so we've got, we've got the Tapper thing. Oh, and this is good. This is one more remainder from the Jake Tapper conversation with Meg and Kelly. Jake Tapper is saying the conservative media, that is the stuff you and I consume. They were right, we were right about Joe. And I'm so humble now. I have to admit, the conservative media was right. Here's Jake Tapper for a fleeting moment trying to sell more books. Cut 10 saying the conservative press got this one all the way. Right? I Will acknowledge that. After I was named moderator, co-moderator of the debate, I tried to make sure that my coverage was fairly vanilla, both about Trump and about Biden, because I just wanted to get to the debate.


And, You know, the Biden people and the Trump people, I'm kind of frankly surprised that either one of them agreed to have me as a moderator because both sides disliked me so much. But yeah, I remember that, oh, stop that moment. Stop. And I remember that moment, the glitch at the immigration event and not getting much attention outside of conservative media at all. And Alex and I are here to say that conservative media was right and conservative media was correct, and that there should be be a lot of soul searching, not just among me, but among the legacy media to begin with. All of us.


Okay? Alright. The garbage that you're hearing served up. Oh, the Biden people, they didn't like me. They, they really hated me. They, they thought I was awful. So I'm surprised that either side, let me moderate the debate. Are you kidding me? Remember Biden's team agreed to a single debate one. And if you're gonna agree to one, remember at this point, everybody had excluded the Presidential commission. Trump did not want the White House Presidential Debate Commission to be involved at all. He said, no, this, this thing's all is all rigged. We're not doing this anymore. But, but basically Democrats had had come up with this system. They're like, okay, we're gonna make an offer that Trump has to refuse.


We're gonna say, we're gonna do one debate. We're gonna do it on a network you hate. We're gonna do it on CNN. And it was built to basically say either Trump refuses or he accepts a rigged debate. That's what the Democrats had devised. And so Jake Tapper was the moderator for what Democrats had thought to be a rigged debate against Trump. The problem was Joe Biden performed like such utter crap on that debate stage. Then in the end, of course, it looked so great for, for Trump because he showed up. He was willing to take that fight. But the idea that Democrats were like, or that the Biden people were against Jake Tapper as a moderator, is just false on his face. That's precisely who they wanted moderating the debate.


They believed he was the guy for them that he would rescue Joe from his weaknesses. And of course, Joe self mated on stage. That's what actually happened. So, Tapper Reconning history here. Oh, the Biden people really didn't want me to moderate. Oh, please stop, stop. Okay, last one for you. And this one, this one really stands out to me. This is on a different show where a cut 12, where Jake Tapper relays a very important detail about what was going on inside of the Biden presidency and how they thought they were going to beat Trump. Tapper says that Biden stayed in because he and the people around him were confident that they were going to successfully rig the election.


Not Jake's words. Those are my words. But watch and you'll understand. Do you think This decision is made if Donald Trump isn't, isn't, isn't the opponent looming? Do you think there was a convincing of he has to beat Donald Trump and therefore we have to, to, to, to position him this way? You know, they, they will say that the threat of Donald Trump made it so he didn't really have a choice. And that being said, You know, just given what we've seen of their actions and how they acted after debate, I think he would've run anyway. Yeah. I mean, I, I think You know, the, he Spent most of 2023. Him and Donald, and President Biden and Mike Donald spent most of 2023, convinced that Donald Trump was gonna jail. Convinced of it. Yeah.


He, he spent most of 2023 convinced that Donald Trump was going to go to jail. Remember the question? The question was about whether, about the rationale for why Biden stayed in the race. Was it about beating Trump Biden? And the people around him were convinced that Donald Trump would go to jail and that Joe Biden would win the presidency. Again, by virtue of that, let me be really specific. Biden and the people around him were convinced that they would rig the election. That was the plan. We're gonna rig this thing, we're gonna put him behind bars, we're gonna stop him from even appearing on the ballot, and we will make sure Biden becomes president of the United States.


Again, that's Jake Tapper saying that out loud. No. Now, I'd be surprised if Tapper ever revisits that on CNN or says that out loud in any other capacity. But there he is talking to NPR of all places saying, yeah, they really thought they were gonna get him behind bars. And of course, that's what was going on at the Biden White House. The Biden White House communicating with Alvin Bragg, the Biden White House communicating with big fat Fannie Willis, the Biden White House communicating with, with Big Tisch James, the Biden White House, working with Jack Smith, all designed to prosecute arrest charge. And, and of course, finally imprison the president of the United States, the former and then future president of the United States.


That was the game plan, And it failed it totally and completely failed. It also backfired. Remember throughout the entire legal process when they finally got an arrest and then a booking photo in Georgia, that photo became more popular on the right, because what they had successfully done is they had martyred Trump. They had turned him into because he was a victim of a tyrannical system. The left, do you remember this? Do you remember going back during the election, the left thought that the mugshot of Trump was going to be their deliverance. It would help them get Joe Biden back into office. Oh, if we get the mugshot out there, we're just gonna destroy this guy.


That's all we need, even before we put him in prison. Just get the mugshot out there And it will ruin him. Guess what happened? Oh, it saved him, baby. The mugshot. Not only did it not ruin him, it made him stronger. It was only conservatives who were sharing the mugshot, because we all knew exactly what this was. It was tyranny. It was tyranny. And Trump and everyone who's ever voted for him were the victims of that. So tapper now revealing at this late date, yeah, they were trying to rig the election. That was the plan, and they failed. The other thing that they were trying to do is, remember they tried to take Trump off the ballot in places like Colorado and Maine. You wanna talk about rigging an election?


Take your political opponent off the ballot. You just straight up rig the ballot. That's what they were trying to do. And President Trump won out the legal fights that he undertook, he won out. But man, he fought like hell. He fought like hell. He fought, fought, fought, including getting shot in the head last year, which is the, it's the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen and stood up and, and, and maintained and won, made it too big to rig. All right, so President Trump comes into office, and now I don wanna move now to some other great things that are going on. President Trump comes into office and with him, he brings a great team. He's got a great cabinet around him, starting with the Vice President of the United States, JD Vance.


But he also has a great secretary of state, Marco Rubio. Now you remember Rubio from little over a decade ago, remember, remember who? Ru little Marco. You remember how he was? There was a time where he was considered to be the most establishment of establishment Republicans willing to flip over for any sort of interest. He was Mr. Amnesty. He linked arms with Lindsey Graham and they did a whole gang of eight bill in the United States Senate that included a combination of Republicans, sell out Republicans and Democrats who were trying to pass amnesty in the United States for illegal aliens. Rubio was doing that. Yeah. Mr. Hanky, the talking pooh says, Rubio most improved.


Yeah, I totally agree. Somewhere we don't have the video yet. Somewhere there's a Marco Rubio training montage, You know, rocky style montage of Rubio heading off to the woods for a time, chopping wood, carrying logs, building fires and training day in and day out to get a lot closer to where the American voters are, because Marco has definitely changed. He has been amazing these days. He's gone from little Marco to mighty Marco. Something has happened to him. And obviously I think President Trump has had a huge influence on the guy yesterday.


He goes before the United States Senate, and in doing so, this guy really let some of these Senate Democrats have it. Lemme start with kooky. Tim Cain with kooky Tim Kain. Here he is. Cut 11. Marco Rubio just beaten up on Tim Kain for being a racist. Take a look. I'm gonna ask you what. So a well justified fear of persecution. Yeah. They thought that their farms were being burned down and they were killed. Anything. I think that's a pretty good justification for wanting to come. They're afraid for their lives. And, and should it be applied in an even handed way, that's an Easy no. Our foreign po our foreign policy doesn't require even handedness. It require, requires prioritizing the statute to the United States. Phrase says, you are entitled to entrance as a refugee If you demonstrate a well justified fear of persecution.


No, no. You're not entitled. You're Allowed. So can you have a different standard based upon the color of somebody's skin? Would that be Acceptable? Well, I'm not the one arguing that apparently you are. 'cause you don't like the fact that they're white To say that that would be unacceptable. No, I would say that the United, a Very easy Thing to the United States has a right to pick and choose who they allow into the United States, Even based on the color of somebody's skin. No ones. You're the one that's talking about the color of their skin. Not me. These You're Refusing being burned down and they were killed because of the color of their skin. Well, I'm, they were. Oh, isn't that great? I love everything about that clip. A lot of things. So, so Marco successfully and immediately flags like, wait a second. You're the only one obsessed with skin color. The reason you're against the South African refugees coming to the United States under threat of death.


By the way, the only reason you're against them is because they're white. Tim Kane. That's story. That's the why you're against them. Oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. And then he's like, and then he starts talking about skin color. That is Tim Kane starts talking about skin color. And Marco says, you're calling out skin color. You are the bigot here, judging refugees on the basis of skin color. That's not what we're doing. And the United States gets to decide who we call refugees and who we bring into the country. And guess who gets to do that? That's the president of the United States and the people who work for him. In other words, the voters get this decision and the voters have decided who we want in charge to make those decisions. That's Trump. That's Marco Rubio. You notice Rubio doesn't sweat anymore.


Rubio was not sweating in that. There's no nerves in that presentation. You know, he's just calm, cool, and collected. Just absolutely taking Tim Kane to the woodshed. Also right behind Marco Rubio. You saw over his left shoulder was the great Tammy Bruce. I love Tammy. And now she's working in the State Department and she's doing great work over there. So yeah, there she is in the background. She's great. Tammy's great. So I'm, I'm wishing them all the success in the world. They're already doing great stuff there at the State Department. So a feisty top diplomat for the, the Trump administration. It wasn't just Tim Kane that got a mighty serving of Marco, it was also Chris Van Holland.


Cut 13. This is Rubio and Chris Van Holland. Van Holland remember, just paid a conjugal visit to an MS 13 gangster down on El Salvador. The two of them sat for romantic drinks. Marco Rubio made sure to rub that in his face. I Have to tell you directly And personally that I regret voting for you for Secretary of State. I yield back. May I respond? You may sit. Well, first of all, your regret for voting for me confirms I'm doing a good job based on what I Well, that's Just a flipping statement, Mr. Secretary, Can I respond? Mr. Chairman, You may I didn't ask Senator. Please let the secretary have a report. I'd be happy to, but then I can respond to his, your Time's Up Senator and woefully used. I might add. Well, your, your remarks do not represent the view of this committee.


Well, Mr. Chairman, chairman, secretary, please. Well, I'd like to, I can't respond to everything he said because much of these are untrue. But I'll go through a few. First of all, I'm actually very proud of the work we've done with U-S-A-I-D. For example, I don't regret cutting $10 million for male circumcisions in Mozambique. I don't know how that makes us stronger and more prosperous as a nation. I raised, I don't regret psychosocial support services. I raised Suzanne and Mr. Secretary. I can Senator, Senator, I'd ask you to suspend. You had seven straight minutes of I chose, I chose to use my time that way, Mr. Chairman, that's my right to please suspend that way, secretary. Well, I can go on. I mean, there's other things here. We spent $227,000 for big cat's YouTube channel from U-S-A-I-D.


We spent $14 million for social cohesion in Mali. Whatever the hell that means. So I can go on and on. I got the list here. Amazing. There's more, I didn't even bring the whole list in the case of El Salvador. Absolutely. Absolutely. We deported gang members. Gang members, including the wine you had a margarita with. And that guy is a human trafficker. And that guy is a gang banger. And that and, and Unreal. Just so good. Yeah, we deported gangsters, including the one you had a margarita with. Van Holland was losing his mind during this sequence. He was an emotionally incontinent teenage girl throughout this entire testimony.


Just shrieking. What, what He's not allowed to say that. He's not allowed to say that. And luckily the Republicans there who are running the show said he's the Secretary of State. He's the witness. He's allowed to answer these questions. Van Holland crazy. And Rub o' Brothers receipts. Rubio just laid out the list. He is like, what is that social cohesion? And Molly, what are we doing? We're paying for, for circumcisions for, for people in other countries? This is crazy. Of course we're gonna cut this garbage. Of course. Why wouldn't we as Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth might say, we're done with that shit. We're not doing that anymore.


And Van Holland's freaking out, I can't even believe. Can you believe Van Holland's still doubling down on this idiocy? Van Holland went all in on MS 13 gangster to the point of throwing little pebbles against his jailhouse window. Please come out kmar, please can Kmar come out to play? Goes and hangs out with him in El Salvador drinking margaritas. He comes back. He thinks that was a win. And the Democrats become so convinced it was a win. The rest of them start showing up outside of ice detention centers where they're keeping these types of criminals. And then they assault police officers. Lamonica MacGyver this week charged with assault on law enforcement. We're done with that shit.


It's hilarious. Yes. Well, we are totally done with that shit. We're totally done with that. And so these democrats, they're doubling down on this idiocy. I, ah, baby, I I am so glad. You know what? Go ahead and stay in that space. And I told you from the moment that that happened when Chris Van Holland went down to El Salvador, I, I've been saying we gotta remind him of this every single day. We gotta remind these democrats of this every single day heading up to the election. And it's not about reminding them they know what they did, they're just brazen. It's about reminding the voters. And by the way, I've seen some of you on X and thank you for that on social media, on a routine basis, reminding these idiots who are not serving the country well, whether it's Democrats or Republicans, by the way, there's people going after Tom Tillis every day going, I remember what you did Tom Tillis, I remember you screwing over the Trump agenda and now you're sucking up the Trump every day on x and every day on social media acting like you're on his side.


How come when push comes to shove, you're constantly shoving back Trump voters. That's what you're doing. So Tillis is doing that. Van Holland deserves to have his face rubbed in this lamonica MacGyver deserves to have her face rubbed in this Robert Menendez Jr. Every single one of these guys. We need to remind voters every day of what they're doing to you in our country. And I say that because we need to, we need to have sustainers for these stories because You know how the news cycle works a a week from now, there's so many other things going on. Sometimes you forget the horrors that are being done to you in your country. You, you don't, you don't forget that there are horrors being committed.


You just forget the specifics 'cause we've moved on to the next thing. But let me just insist that we need to make sure that the left is defined by their callous indifference to American citizens Every single time they pull this crap and we rubbed their face in it all the way up until these midterms. Now I've got some breaking news today regarding Democrats that you should know about in the house. Congressman Jerry Connolly of Virginia has passed away at the age of 75. As of this morning, we get a statement that he's passed away at the age of 75.


Now he passed away from cancer. Let me just first of all say cancer is a a scourge, it's a horrible thing. And if President Trump can do anything to address this, it'd be great if we could advance cures for cancer in, in some capacity during the Trump presidency. And I know Obama said, You know, Biden is in charge of the cancer moonshot. You're in charge, Joe, you can cure cancer. And he didn't of course, do that. Just like everything else he, he failed to do for our country, he made a lot of things worse. But we've, You know, figuring out a way to, to tackle this cancer problem would be one of the biggest modern achievements ever. So that, that'd be big. And in President Trump's case, You know, he's got the Maha movement behind him.


You've got RFK, junior, You know, if Americans become more healthy, you decrease the risk of cancer. So that, that's already a huge step in the right direction, the Maha movement. But Jerry Connolly passes away today of cancer. He ran for office last year. He ran for reelection and didn't disclose that he was ill until after the election. He deceived voters. Unfortunately, we've, we've detected that trend, haven't we? And, and now he's, and now he's dead at the age of 75. That makes him the third Democrat. By the way, since President Trump came into office, who has passed away from cancer, three Democrat congressmen so far have, have died from cancer.


This year, Sylvester Turner of Texas passed away after President Trump came into office, and Raul Alva also passed away from cancer. Now, You know, rest in peace, gentlemen, everybody. But here's what I, here's one of the things I, I wanna tell you about the numbers to all of this. When President Trump came into office, the advantage that Republicans had was five in the house. It was two 20 to two 15, but now there are three vacancies in the house from three deaths of Democrats. So at this hour, as of this moment, it is two 20 to two 12, meaning Republicans now, instead of having a five seat advantage in the house, they have an eight seat advantage in the house at this very moment.


So we are in the midst of a huge legislative battle that's being played out at this moment right now over the big beautiful bill in Congress. And I mentioned to you that we were hoping that the Chairman of the House, ways and means committee, Congressman Jason Smith, would be able to join us today on this program. I can, I can tell you now, we're up against it. That's not happening. But that's because they are right now behind closed doors, hashing out the details. But if this vote comes down to the wire, it looks like Republicans can lose. If they, if these go no votes, they can lose three, it still get this bill across the finish line. Now, if those votes who are against this vote present, that increases the margin that Republicans can get, can lose in terms of votes that are, yes.


Anyway, that's a long way of saying at the moment, president Trump has a bigger advantage in terms of the vote tally than he did when he came into office. Republicans have an opportunity here to pass this big beautiful bill. President Trump is pushing them to do it. Now, I do wanna offer one detail about the big beautiful bill that's not getting a ton of attention, but that should, and this is what I wanted to ask Jason Smith about, and if I get a chance to, I will or any of these other congressmen, here's a detail you should know inside of this legislative package, they have included no tax on tips. They have included no tax on overtime. That's exactly what we want to hear. We want those things in, but they don't have no tax on Social Security.


There's a reason supposedly for this. Now, now I, and I went back and I looked at all the White House literature, just so You know, I've been looking at their website, all of their news, and here's what they've been saying. No tax on tips, no tax on overtime. But then they say Tax relief for Social Security recipients, tax relief, that's different than no tax on Social Security. That's different. They say tax relief, the tax relief they're talking about is a $4,000 tax deduction for Social Security recipients. That's what they're talking about. The reason for this, according to Jason Smith who spoke to Fox News, he said, under the rules of reconciliation, you cannot touch Social Security directly.


So what we did is make sure that they get meaning America Seniors tax relief for any senior who makes less than $75,000 per year. It's not that we didn't wanna do it, it says Jason Smith, is that it cannot be done under the rules of reconciliation or you wouldn't qualify for the 51 vote threshold over in the United States Senate. But the tax relief they will receive is an added tax cut, and that will make up for what they have paid in Social Security tax. So again, what Jason Smith is saying here is, if you're making under $75,000 a year, you are going to see big tax relief in your Social Security taxes.


So that's, that is a, I think that's a meaningful update because remember, president Trump ran on no taxes on any of those things. Jason Smith is saying, reconciliation doesn't let us forbid taxes on Social Security. So keep your eyes open for that. I'm gonna kick the tires on this with Republicans because I wanna make sure that that's true because I really do. I wanna make sure that this isn't just a game that's being played. Republicans do play games. I don't want any games here. I want legitimate explanations for what's going on. But right now, the House is working through a big debate on this subject. They, there are projections that we could have a vote as early as Wednesday night and where we're doing this, of course, this program Wednesday morning, we could have a big vote by tonight.


The, the goal was to get this thing done by Memorial Day, which is of course this weekend. So the big beautiful bill being considered right now. Lastly, Democrats in the Senate yesterday passed a No Tax on TIPS law by unanimous consent. Isn't this interesting? Senator Jackie Rosen, Democrat from Nevada, she picked up Ted Cruz's bill No Tax On Tips, and then fired it off yesterday. And they said they wanna pass this with unanimous consent. There were no objections. Democrats supported no tax on tips on the Senate yesterday. Now don't think that's because they wanna give people tax cuts on tips. That reason they're doing that is because they're trying to take a weapon out of the hands of Republicans right now saying, oh, no, no, we're for no tax on tips.


Yeah, no, no, no. We weren't trying to stop America's tip workers from getting a tax cut. So in the Senate, they passed a show piece yesterday to try and trick everyone into thinking the Democrats are on the side of the working man. They're not, they still aren't complete garbage. All the updates on the breaking news throughout the week, as always, right here on the VINCE podcast, of course, the VINCE show, the radio show coming up at 12 to three Eastern time. If you don't have a local radio station where you listen to it, you can find those on the VINCE show.com. rumble.com/ VINCE baby. We do it live end on video. It's pretty cool. Thanks for watching and listening to this program.