
Good morning and welcome to VINCE. Boy, you caused some trouble yesterday. Holy cow. This Ed Martin conversation we had yesterday. The guy is supposed to be the US attorney for Washington dc The president's pick, man, you got involved. And let me tell you, you took over the entire country yesterday with this conversation more in a moment on that. Also, China is gearing up for a big conversation with President Trump. They want to get out of that headlock. We've got a lot to get to.


This episode is brought to you by Blackout Coffee, the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code. VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order.


Who's calling Tom Tillis? Who did that? Did you do that? Chad? Who called Tom Tillis? Because Tom Tillis, the senator from North Carolina right now is the Republican blockade against Ed Martin becoming the Senate confirmed us in DC and somebody in this chat, I'm not, I can't say who yet. Somebody called him yesterday and right now the Congress switch, Congress' switchboard is getting melted down by your calls. So something crazy is going on here and I love it. I love everything about it. We'll get into the details in just a moment. What Tom Tillis is now saying, whether or not I'll have a conversation with the North Carolina Senator.


I'll get into all those details in just a moment.


Hey, I gotta thank our sponsors Encryption. Encryption is a powerful defensive weapon against a whole army who want to invade your privacy on the internet and profit off of your personal information. Thankfully, you've got the right to defend your privacy with strong encryption using an app called Express, VPN Express, VPN, encrypts and reroutes your internet connection through Secure Servers. If you don't encrypt your connection like this, you are exposing your online activity to a host of data brokers who can legally sell your browsing history to whoever they want. But Express VPN has made it incredibly easy to shut all of these third parties out of your life. Express VPN works on every device and can even protect up to eight devices with one subscription. Encryption is a weapon and it's one that you have a legal right to use for your own protection, but it is up to you to exercise that, right? If you decide to take action today, you can get four extra months of Express VPN for free just by using my special link. Go to express vpn.com/ VINCE, that's express vpn.com/ VINCE, and you'll get four extra months free. Start protecting yourself today.


Ed Martin is an essential figure here in in Washington DC right now in order to unwind the deep state. There are massive implications going on with the confirmation process for this guy. Ed Martin, let me show you, fellas, can you put this up? This is Mike Benz's. Take on Ed Martin and just how important it is that we get this guy through. He writes on X this week that people are not appreciating the magnitude of the Ed Martin situation. Ed Martin situation, the prosecutor is on top of the FBI. He runs all of the DC criminal investigations.


When he says, by the way, when Mike says he's on top of the FBI, it doesn't mean he's in charge of the FBI. I see some of these people nitpicking Mike's assessment here. That's ridiculous. No, he is a key prosecutor to go after criminals within the FBI. You need good prosecutors on your side in order to conduct these cases. Ed Martin is the guy. And so Mike points out, he's the choke point for DC's worst secrets. If Ed Martin is blocked and Judge Boberg picks Trump's 2.0, momentum is totally paralyzed, totally paralyzed. Now, yesterday, If you haven't listened to it yet, go back to the podcast, you can listen to yesterday's of course, and all the other shows we've done.


But yesterday we talked at length about Ed Martin and why he's So important to get through and why right now the impediment to that occurring is at least one Republican senator who's definitely leading the charge, and that's North Carolina Senator Tom Tillis. Now, after our show yesterday and then during the 12 to three nationwide radio broadcast, we kept talking about this. I kept saying that, look, I want this senator to appear on this program. Come on the show account for yourself. Why are you getting in, in the way of the American People's Agenda here? Why are you stopping a well qualified guy from being the Senate confirmed US attorney for the District of Columbia, a guy with a proven history of success already.


The guy who's actually charging people for violating the law in the District of Columbia and going after left Wing Rico violating garbage leaders in our government, including by going after Chuck Schumer, demanding he account for his threats to the Supreme Court going after the Biden crime wave, demanding that all the people around him give Ed Martin answers right now for whether or not Biden was even competent to sign all of these ridiculous and scandalous pardons that he signed on the way out the door that the robot signed for him on the way out the door. This is a guy who's trying to get stuff done and we need to get out of his way. He so he can do that, and that takes the Senate confirming him.


Okay, so we brought up Tom Tillis yesterday. As of this hour, Tom Tillis's office is hiding from you, Senator Tillis's office. Senator Tillis has not agreed to an interview on this show or on our nationwide radio broadcast. They're, they're laying low. They're trying to hide from that, that accountability. They don't want to answer questions on this subject. Now, other senators that we've reached out to, we've gotten some answers from. John Cornyn in Texas, was one of the guys who was working against Ed Martin before. And now all of a sudden, corny is indicating that he supports Ed Martin, he supports Ed Martin, but here's the game that they're playing, And it is a game.


I've gotta, I I wanna direct you to this because it's really important that you see through kind of the weasel language that's going on with John Cornyn's, supposed support for Ed Martin. Take a look here. This is a, this is a statement from John Corn and spokeswoman. Her name's Natalie Beck, and she posted this yesterday morning. Look at the time on this, by the way, as this goes up on screen, this is 10:47 AM yesterday morning, meaning it was before we even concluded our live show. Yesterday, Cornyn's office began indicating quote, when he comes up for a vote, I intend to support him, was the message out of Cornyn's office.


I tend to defer to the President on his choices. He further adds. Now pay attention to the, when he comes up for a vote element of all of this, when he comes up for a vote, these are word games that we're seeing. It's easy to say you're gonna support somebody if the vote ever takes place, If you have no intention to support them. And You know the vote is never going to take place when he comes up for a vote right now, this guy, ed Martin, has until the 20th of this month, until he's out of that job. He's the acting US attorney. He needs to be confirmed by the 20th so he can stay in that job and do it on a more permanent basis.


Cornyn's answer is Weasily. When he comes up for a vote, You know what's happening behind the scenes. Adam Schiff and Tom Tillis and others are trying to procedurally br block this thing from ever coming up from a vote ever. In fact, this Thursday, this Thursday, they were su they have, they have business in the Senate Judiciary Committee, not on the calendar is Ed Martin. Ed Martin not on the calendar, at least as of yesterday. Now, we'll see if we can get this changed, but I'm telling you right now, the pressure that you are exerting on Congress and in particular on Tom Tillis is beginning to have an effect Here, is beginning to have an effect.


Tom Tillis stepped up to a microphone, and again, he's not coming to this microphone. I've got microphones in this studio. He can come sit with me. We can have a, a big conversation about all of this. He's welcome to do that, and I'm sincere about that. I'm not trying to set him up. I just want to ask him straightforward questions about what he is doing here and why he is getting it Ed Martin's way. But Tom Tillis did speak to, I think it was CNN's Man, Raju and some other reporters who stuck microphones in his, his face. And here's what he said, cut three and pay attention to the language. The language in his statement includes the phrase At this point, now, If you say at this point you're taking a certain decision, it means you realize you may have to change your mind.


Listen to Tom Tillis. Here He is. I don't believe he's being advanced to the markup. And I met with Mr. Martin. He seems like a good man. Most of my concerns related to January 6th. And, and he, he built a, a compelling case on some of the 15, 12 prosecutions that were probably he of the moment, bad decisions. But where we probably have a difference is I think anybody that breached the perimeter should have been in prison for some period of time, whether it's 30 days or three years is debatable. Pause for a second, but I have Mr. Okay, here's what I want to tell you about what you just heard. He's attacking Ed Martin for being a defense attorney for January 6th.


Defendants, that's what he's doing. Everyone in this country, under, under our constitution, is entitled to legal defense. If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be appointed to you. You know the phrasing you're entitled to legal defense. Ed Martin is an attorney. He represented January 6th defendants. And so Tom Tillis is holding this against him. He's also holding the, the, the fact quite implicitly that Ed Martin has concerns about the events of January 6th, including, who the hell is the pipe bomber, who put the supposed pipe bombs outside of the DNC and the RNC and what role did our government play in that?


Those are the types of critiques that Ed has. And so Tom Tillis is holding his legal representation of January 6th defendants against him in this decision. This is horse crap. Again, Senator, if you've got a better explanation than the one I'm in, I'm interpreting from you right now, I'd love to hear it, but right now you are penalizing him for representing a guy. This is the what the left does, the left Disbar attorneys for representing President Trump. They crush law firms who stand up for Americans who support President Trump and his agenda. This is lefty thinking that we're hearing from Tom Tillis.


Okay, continue. Let's hear the rest of this statement from Tillis Probably have a difference is I think anybody that breached the perimeter should have been in prison for some period of time, whether it's 30 days or three years, is debatable. But I have no tolerance for anybody who entered the building on January the sixth, and that's probably where most of the friction was. I see. So he disagreed with you on That? Well, no. I have to say that Mr. Martin did a good job of explaining how there were people that probably got caught up in it, but they made the stupid decision to come through a building that had been breached and that the police officers and others were saying stay away. So the difference wasn't that they should be charged. There were people, people being let in.


In my estimation, it's by how much that's an argument I'm willing to have. But we have to be very, very clear that what happened on January the sixth was wrong. It wasn't what is this? It was not prompted or created by other people to put those people in trouble. They made a terrible excuses, stupid decision, and they disgraced the United States by, by absolutely destroying the capitol. And I can't have any patience for, but it sounds, it sounds like your concerns were not a reason. But let me be very clear though. Mr. Martin did a good job of explaining the one area that I think he's probably right, that there were some people that were over prosecuted, but there were some two or 300 of 'em that should have never gotten a pardon.


And he agreed with that. But the disagreement there had more to do. If Mr. Martin were being put forward, what are you even saying? Us Attorney for any district except the district where January 6th happened, the, the protest happened, I'd probably support him, but not in this district. When You say he, he's not being advanced to the markup, was he operating under that understanding that he's not being advanced through to him? Well, he, I think Mr. Martin, I, I'm sure they're looking through it. I mean, be clear. Some of the deadline has to do with the length of time he can operate his acting, and the administration can work through that if they want to, to have more time and potentially work 'em through. But at this point, I've indicated to the White House, I wouldn't support his nomination. Has Trump called you that on this?


At this point? I've indicated to the White House that I won't support his nomination, pay attention to all of the, like the, the, the mindless analysis that went into this, the empty analysis that went into his decision making. He's a nice guy. He's, he's bright. I like him. He would be a perfectly good US attorney in every other district in the country. In fact, if he was nominated for any other US attorney position, I would confirm him, but not for the District of Columbia. Tell me how that makes sense in any way. It doesn't make any sense unless Tom Tillis committed some sort of crime in the District of Columbia that he doesn't want the US attorney for Washington DC to hold him accountable for.


That's the only thing that could possibly make sense here. What I would confirm him to every other district in the country, but not this one. That doesn't, it doesn't pass the smell test. And this thing stinks to high Evan, and you heard him say it a moment ago at this point, You know what that means? He's opened the suggestion here. You see this number down here, you see that his phone number is (202) 224-6342. That's the phone number to reach Tom Tillis and let him know what you think. Be polite, by the way, just, just be honest about what you want here.


You want Ed Martin to be confirmed. You want Ed Martin to be confirmed. By the way, he also has a fax number. I don't know how many people still use fax machines, but I think you can send faxes on the internet, actually. So if you'd like to send them a fax and if it just says, confirm Ed Martin, feel free. I'd be interested to know what happens to their fax machines today. But there you go. Phone number and fax machine for Tom Tillis. And especially If you're from North Carolina, I'm telling you right now, please indicate that If you are a North Carolina voter, indicate that as you make these calls or send these faxes to let 'em know because that, that adds weight to your call inside of a Senate office that's supposed to represent the state of North Carolina. We'll see how far it goes.


But here's the thing about Tillis, the, at this point qualification that he's added, this is not the first time he's done this with a Trump nominee. He keeps doing this with Trump nominees. You remember he did this with Pete Hegseth, with, he was trying to sabotage Pete Seth's nomination to become the Secretary of Defense. And in the end, he folded under pressure from you and from the president of the United States. Donald Trump. Take a look here. I've got the New York Times. After this went, all went down. And they were reported on how Tom Tillis was behaving during all of this New York Times headline as Trump Threatened a Primary A G OP holdout on Hegseth flipped before Tom Tillis voted to confirm Hegseth as defense secretary.


He worked with accusers to make the case against him in a bid to get Republican leaders to scrap the vote altogether. They, they, they elaborate that four days after President Trump was sworn in for his second term, his nominee for defense Secretary Hegseth was teetering on the brink of defense on the Senate floor, and the President was on Air Force One talking about political retribution. Mr. Trump had gotten word that Senator Tom Tillis, a North Carolina Republican, planned to oppose Pete Hegseth, the former Fox and Friends weekend host, who was his choice for Pentagon chief and yada yada yada. They're trying to say, oh, he faces all these allegations. He's a terrible person. They say, if Mr.


Tillis could not be brought to heal by that night, there would be enough Republican no votes to sink. Mr. Seth's confirmation, a humiliating defeat at the dawn of Mr. Trump's second term, turning to a group of North Carolina lawmakers who were flying with the president to survey storm damage, Mr. Trump noted Mr. Tillis's impending defection. Then he posed a question, which of you want my endorsement for a primary challenge to Tom Tillis next year? That's how President Trump played this. The implication was clear, Mr. Tillis's refusal to back Mr. Hegseth would cost him his seat. By that night, Mr. Tillis, who had been toiling behind the scenes for days to kill Hegseth nomination so he could avoid having to publicly cross Trump would vote to confirm Hegseth to control the most powerful military force in the world.


So we've seen this, this keeps happening. This keeps happening. And, and Tillis is opened the suggestion here, as he says, at this point, he's against Ed Martin. Well, let's see what happens at the next point and whether or not he's still against Ed Martin, because this is one of those votes you gotta know. We're watching, we're watching Tom. And if you're a North Carolina resident, North Carolina voter in particular, I hope you're, I hope you're watching and communicating with your United States senator right now. 'cause this is a very big moment and unwinding, as Mike Ben says, as unwinding all of this craziness.


It happens with the help of great prosecutors and almost none of these prosecutors other than the Attorney General of the United States. Nobody's more important here than the US attorney for DC This is absolutely critical. This is the critical moment. And Mike Ben is good. By the way, we'll have Mike Ben back on the show soon. I'm hoping to get him here in studio. I just saw, I saw him actually this past weekend. We were out at, we were at a horse race together in Virginia. They have this thing called the Gold Cup every year. And there was Mike And I said, Mike, I'm seeing you in person. He said, VINCE, I'm seeing you in person. And I said, well, good. Come into the studio, we'll do this again in person. So it'll be, it'll be good to have him back. The guy's very, very talented. Always a great guest. Hey, I gotta thank our sponsors today.


Always gotta thank the sponsors because they keep this whole operation running. And for that, we're very grateful


Here. This July, there's a global summit of bricks, nations going on in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the block of emerging superpowers, including China, Russia, India, Iran, they're all meeting, and when they meet, their goal is to displace the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. As bricks, nations push forward with their plans, global demand for US dollars could decrease bringing down the value of the dollars in your savings. While this transition won't happen overnight. The so-called Rio Reset in July, it marks a pivotal moment when brick's objectives could move decisively from theoretical possibility toward reality. Now, learn of diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free information kit on Gold by texting my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July. End the Rio Reset. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today. Data and message rates apply. Yes, they do. Birch gold, wonderful people, birch gold.


All right. Hey, I, I do want to just give, offer a note of thanks to you though. Thanks for being locked in. Thanks for being totally engaged here. As of yesterday, by the time we went live on the radio show yesterday, we had the name, these are the names that were trending. You did this, the names that were trending were Ed Martin, Tom Tillis, and Rhino. Those were the names that were trending yesterday by noon Eastern time, which was wild. I think the only thing that was trending higher than that on X yesterday, the number one thing was Carney. And that's because the Canadian Prime Minister, John Carney, was meeting with President Trump in the Oval Office yesterday.


So President Trump did some big things yesterday, and of course, so they went, they went number one. But this topic went number two yesterday. So thank you for that. It's been really, it's been really gratifying to see, and a sign that a lot of great American patriots are having a big impact on the national conversation. So this has been, this has been really important. And You know, God willing, I think, I think yesterday on the radio show, and for those of you who watch on Rumble rumble.com/ VINCE, we had some hot mic issues. You know, it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be another day of the week without a random tech issue. But we had a hot mic issue on the, on the breaks. We usually don't have the mics up, but my mic was accidentally up And I said, I was looking at this, I was talking to producer Jim, And I said, I feel like we're gonna get Ed Martin through.


I feel like we're gonna do it. And, And it, I got the, the whole chat to hear me yammering on the break about this. But let me just tell you on the hot mic, on purpose, I feel like we can do it. I wouldn't be spending my time on this if I didn't think we both had a choice, and that it was so important because it is, it's, it is very, very important to do so. So that's gonna be, that's gonna be a really big deal. Let's, let's move on to some other topics though, while we're, You know, while, while I've got your attention, because there's a lot going on, we have a big story about the United States military breaking. Yesterday, the United States Supreme Court in a six three decision allowed the president's transgender ban to go through, which is great news.


What is going on with my computer right now? I can't see anything allowed the, the president's transgender ban to go through. That's a huge, huge deal. And it's really what the court is saying in so many words is yes, president Trump is the commander in chief. It, it is crazy, right, that the United States Supreme Court would have to say that the Supreme Court are confirming Trump is indeed the commander-in-chief of the United States military. And yes, he can stop people with mental illness from serving in its ranks. If fellows, lemme pull this up. Supreme Court allows Trump administration to enforce transgender military ban. This is after a number of left-wing judges had gotten in the way and demanded that men play acting as women and vice versa, should be in the United States military and should be given weapons of war.


Now, notice the left's position on guns. To the extent that there's anything that we can detect here, it's completely incoherent. What does the left tell you about so-called weapons of war? Well, that's how they describe any hunting rifle in the United States. They try and stop you from owning a gun law abiding citizens from owning semi-automatic rifles based on the idea that Americans shouldn't own weapons of war. But the second it's up to the left, you understand what they're doing. They're saying We should arm mentally ill people with weapons of war. This is their game plan. We're gonna give mentally ill people, weapons of war, and, and not just semi-automatic weapons, fully automatic weapons, in some cases, weapons of war.


This is lunacy. So of course that means it's what the left is doing. This is what the left is doing. And so yesterday, the United States Supreme Court in a six three decision, allowed the Trump administration to enforce its transgender military ban, which is, of course, good for readiness, good for safety, good for our troops. This is what you need in a six three decision. The majority granting the administration's request to halt the lower court's ruling, preventing the policy from taking effect justices Sonya Sotomayor. This is so predictable. I I, I know you're not surprised, but I'll just say their names. Anyway. Sonya Sotomayor, Elena Kagan and Kaji Brown, I'm not a biologist.


Jackson would have denied the administration's request according to the order in its application. The administration argued that the lower court's injunction cannot be squared with a substantial deference that the department's professional military judgements are owed. It is undisputed that gender dysphoria is a medical condition associated with clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning according to the solicitor General John d Sour, sorry, d John Sour writing this on April 24th. So anyway, thi this is, You know, these lefty judges, they thought, Hey, we could take over here, we'll just make these decisions.


We'll cause lots of chaos and we'll hurt the American military in the process. The Supreme Court's saying, no, you won't. So this will continue to play out through the courts, but at the moment, the president's order stands and it's a really good sign of the way the Supreme Court's gonna rule if this thing makes it all the way to the tippy top. So this is a, the very big deal and a, a reaffirmation that the commander in chief is the commander in chief. So we can't, we can't be playing these types of games here. Here's a question for the live chat, for the veterans out there. Are you happy veterans? Are you happy with this decision? Are you happy with the Supreme Court?


Are you pleased with the president of the United States stopping people who have delusions about their gender from taking up weapons and being in the military, taking advantage of tax resources, paying for costly surgeries, being taken off of the front lines because they're being held back in order to get those surgeries using gender of confusion as an excuse not to deploy? Are you pleased as veterans with what the president has done here? Any opposition? I'm, I'm telling you, if I'm, if I see opposition, I'll flag it here. I, I don't know. Yeah, everyone seems to be happy here.


Yeah, And it makes sense. You know, we, I come from a, a big military family and, You know, everybody's on this page. This is too much. You know, we just need, You know what you, it's, it's like we, the left has been all about this like woke ification of the military forever, You know, meddling with the military. They have a special animus for the military. 'cause the military has always been With, in insofar as government, the government has these, it's been the last bastion of traditional values, You know, where it's pretty obvious that men or men and women are women. And the military has always had a, a sincere love of country. People in the military, by and large, are typically pretty religious people.


We have chaplains, we have chapels, You know, people go to ser Religious services. It's, it's an amazing, actually cross section of America. And what defines the military is not its diversity, but what, what, what are those great men, men and women who serve have in common and their allegiance and their, and their commitment to their country. So it's great. And, and so in other words, the left wants to destroy it. They've tried to do that for years. They've constantly targeted the military for this type of destruction. And I remember talking to my, You know, my, my dad's a as you may know, a retired Marine Corps major general. So I've had a 36 years he did in the Marine Corps. So I grew up in this environment, on these Marine Corps bases.


And I always remember him saying, talking about the, You know, you, You know how sometimes like you get a dignitary, like the president gets up there, he gets up on a stage, he's speaking in front of the presidential seal, and behind him at a military base, they're gonna put tons of members of the military all standing in uniform behind the president. And it used to be that when a president would speak and you're projecting this image to the world, there he is. Look behind him, it's the American military. You would put hopefully the biggest badass dudes you could find all behind him in the stands just to show not only how You know, great our country is, but to really show how kick ass our military is.


That's what you want. And I remember my dad always saying like, what are they doing? Why are they putting fat people behind the president? Why are they putting like, just random people? Just like, like, like somebody had decided, oh, we're gonna do this based on like a color palette or something, or we're gonna make it, we're gonna show all different shapes and sizes and colors and genders and everyone's gonna fill in. It became this political operation that had nothing to do with showing just how impressive our military is. And so my dad's view has always been, why can't we just put the baddest dudes possible behind the president just to project that image to the world? I, I can't, I can't help but agree. I think, I think that's a good move. And speaking of the ification of the military, the Secretary of Defense is speaking out on this this week in a statement.


I think you're gonna love, I've got that in just a moment.


Before we get there, I gotta thank the sponsors who make this program happen each and every day. Our thank you to them, You know, I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket. I'm telling you, this thing is pretty cool. Bone charge, the infrared sauna blanket. I, I don't have a sauna. I have a sauna blanket. That's, So I climb into this thing, I put it on, I turn it on, it gets super hot. And by the end of my sauna inside of this thing, I, I shouldn't even do air quotes. It's a real sauna because I am just sweating like crazy and I feel fantastic. This thing is awesome. The bond charge infrared sauna blanket and the red light face mask. I love it. My wife loves the red light face mask that she wears this thing all the time and it's just good. It's been a tonal game changer for us. I, I first started using the sauna blanket because honestly, I wanted a sauna in the infrared heat. It works, it's magic. I've noticed a huge difference for me. It helps me relax, rejuvenate, especially after a workout. And that red light face mask has been great too. We've been using it for, it's a cool thing. You wear it, you look, you look sort of awesome, just like you, like some sort of like Star Wars character or something, but it's great. My, my wife loves it too. Her skin's texture has been really helped by it. She wears it all the time. We're seeing fantastic results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. If you're thinking about trying these out, you're in luck. You can head to bond charge.com, use the code VINCE at checkout, and you're gonna get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact for us. You're gonna love 'em too. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com and you'll save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Yes indeed. And then there's Blackout Coffee. I love blackout coffee. I got my blackout coffee right here, baby in my don't tread on me mug this morning. Blackout coffee. Look at this thing. Isn't that great? Blackout Coffee. It's great coffee. It's owned by a guy called John. He's a great American. He loves America and he created an America first coffee company. You know, blackout is roasted fresh right here in the USA, no woke nonsense. It's just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values, and I'm telling you is delicious. I like my coffee black and that's why I like blackout coffee. It is good when you just drink it pure, pure blackout coffee. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. So whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Blackout coffee. We got the blackout coffee shirt on today. Look at that. How about that Blackout baby? We got it, We got it going on. Blackout coffee.com.


Pete Hegseth this week gave a speech and this clip is, is now getting around and you've gotta see it. I played this clip for my wife yesterday, showed her, and she was pumping her fist as we were both standing next to our phone, pumping her fist, listening to Pete Hegseth. Take a look. Here's cut six Hegseth on the ification of the military. And now those days are over. We are leaving wokeness and weakness behind No more pronouns, no more climate change obsession. No more emergency vaccine mandates, no more dudes in dresses.


We're done with that shit. Oh, we're done with that shit. That's a great I I'm telling you. Have you, If you haven't seen that until now, let me know what you think of that. Is that a w for Pete Seth? That was great. I adore that clip so much. I might have to make that my ringtone. That thing is unbelievable. I don't even, I don't even know, actually, speaking of ringtone, I haven't heard my ringtone in years. I, my phone's been on silent for literally years. I have no idea what my ringtone sounds like. But if I had a ringtone, it would be Pete Hegseth saying, we're done with that shit. Which is fantastic.


A massive w from the Secretary of Defense. Oh, we've got some stylized Ws in the chat. That's cool. I didn't even know we had a w emoji. Yeah, cool. So Hegseth saying, look, this is all over. We're not doing this anymore. We're not doing this anymore. We're leaving wokeness and weakness behind. What are you playing, fellas? Is was that in queue? Did people hear that? Yeah, that was in queue. Okay, so, okay, so Justin was just Justin, Justin, tell the audience what you did. Don't just tell me, tell the audience so people know. 'cause I'm like being staggered here. You're playing audio clips in my ears here I am thinking I have a cue, but I don't have a cue. Just you have a cue.


I'm Keyless. Okay. A little, little mea culpa. Little mea culpa from, from Justin. Justin if in case you were wondering, by the way, who Q is, it's Justin Justin's cue. Hey, so, so again, back to the point I was making before Justin. So rudely interrupted me. He said, says, we're leaving wokeness and weakness behind No more pronouns, no more climate change obsessions, no more emergency vaccine mandates, no more dudes in dresses. We're done with that shit. Yeah. And that's the kind of thing that, it's not just this chat that's putting up the Ws, it's members of the American military who are putting up the WS veterans, active duty service members, people who chose to volunteer to serve their country, to take up arms if necessary to go to war and perhaps even pay the ultimate sacrifice.


They're putting up the WS today for that. It's obvious people aren't enjoying the military to be part of a social experiment. They're not, they're not there to get experimental jabs. Although, again, if you're in the military, you guys know the veterans, they get, they, they don't really ask you a lot of questions. They just, they just walk you into the doctor's office and they stick a bunch of needles in your arms. They give you a million vaccines I got. But this idea that they're gonna have like these emergency vaccine mandates for experimental drugs that don't even need to be applied to the healthiest people in our country, that is young members of the American military. It's demented. They drove people outta the military in order to, You know, this, in order to filter them for political reasons.


That's what happened. And that's what they, they drove members of our military out as if we didn't need them crazy. And now these guys are bringing 'em back. In fact, the, I just saw this week that the DODs recruiting numbers have been gigantic. Their recruitment numbers have been dynamite. And it's not a surprise at all. It's not a surprise at all the types of, of young men and some women who wanna serve in the United States military who were sitting back on, You know what, now's not the right time. Not under Biden. I don't like what I see happening. There's just been all this pent up demand for a real fighting force that's really gonna do the job, the, the right job.


And so now you've got people joining the military, you've got veterans legacies basically, who are saying to their kids, yeah, now's the time. This is a, this is a president we can trust. This is a, a government that we can have some belief in. And they're not gonna just waste the lives of our troops. Not gonna squander them by either experimenting on them or sending 'em into insane foreign conflicts that have nothing to do with American interest. So a big, big win for the American military in terms of recruitment. That's good. Another big win too for the American military the President announced yesterday is that it looks like our military has bombed the Houthis into submission. Now, the Houthis terrorists out of Yemen have been disrupting all of the shipping lanes in the Suez Canal.


They've been attacking ships to include American flagships. And the presidents responded by bombing the hell outta these guys. The American military has been bombing the hell out of the Houthis. And the President came out with something of a surprise announcement yesterday that all of a sudden the bombing can stop because the Houthis are, well, we beat the hell out of 'em. Take a look. Here's cut seven, the president of the United States, and we had some Very good news last night, the Houthis have announced that they are not, or they've been announced to us at least, that they don't want to fight anymore. They just don't want to fight. And we will honor that and we will, we will stop the bombings.


And they have capitulated, but more importantly, they, we will take their word. They say they will not be blowing up ships anymore. And that's what the purpose of what we were doing. So that's just news. We just found out about that. So I think that's very, very positive. They were, they were knocking out a lot of ships going, as, You know, sailing beautifully down the various seas. It it wasn't just a canal, it was out of other places. And I will accept their word and we are going to stop the bombing of the Houthis effective immediately.


And Marco, you'll let everybody know that. Yeah. And so, You know, these guys shouldn't get it twisted. We have a gun to their head. We just continue to have a gun to their head. You know, I, You know, I get a chance from time to time to talk to these White House officials and, and get some information. I'm always asking for more. I'm always asking for more. I wanna know more. But one thing I will say, a through line, a constant drumbeat is that the, the press has not focused on this issue at all, the success that the Trump administration has had against the Houthis because the American military at Trump's direction has been beating the hell out of them. And now they're begging for mercy. Now they're begging for peace. Please, please, please, we're not gonna do this anymore. We'll see, You know, if they pick it up again, again, we've got the gun to their head so we can just keep striking.


But the story that the White House feels like is not being told at all, is just how successful these military operations have been. Because think about what is the press talking about when they talk about the military, if they talk about anything, how badly we need so-called transgender people to serve in it. And then, oh, Pete Hegseth was on signal. He was communicating with other government officials on an end-to-end encrypted app. These are the big stories that our press tells. They don't tell stories like the American military is having incredible success bombing the hell out of the Houthis and now bombing them into compliance. So just again, this is, this is a, this is a victory on the part of the American military, on the part of the Trump administration and a proper use of the military, because again, it involves directly American interest.


You have HTI terrorists attacking American shipments. Well, you've got a problem on your hands. You've got a real problem, Mike, we're done with that shit. So the president, yeah, yeah, we're done with that shit. So the president offering an update on that, a surprise update yesterday that for now things are looking better, but things can change moment by moment. You screw with us again, we're coming at you hard. That's the implicit statement from the President of the United States yesterday. So that is very, very good. Let's see here. Let's talk China for a moment. Also announced yesterday. This was last night.


This was late breaking news because earlier in the day, I'll start with earlier in the day, first treasury secretary Scott Besson was testifying before Congress yesterday. And when he was testifying, he said, look, We got a lot of countries we're working with right now. They're all coming forward. We got trade deals in, in the works. We're in these negotiations, and we could announce them as early as this week, next week, three weeks, we could announce a whole bunch of trade deals. The one place that we don't have a full blown negotiation going on with yet is China. China. Here is Scott Bessant cut to announcing this yesterday before Congress. There Are 18 very important trading relationships. We are currently negotiating with 17 of those trading partners.


China, we have not engaged in negotiations with as of yet. So I, I expect that we can see a substantial reduction in the tariffs that we are being charged. Approximately 97 or 98% of our trade deficit is with 15 countries. 18% of the countries are major trading partners. And I would be surprised that if we don't have more than 80 or 90% of those wrapped up by the end of the year, and that may be much sooner that I, I would think that perhaps as early as this week, we will be announcing trade deals with some of our largest trading partners.


The pressure's on, the pressure's on for China. How do you think China feels about that if all of these other countries establish trade deals with the United States, that only places more pressure on China to come to the table and to sit down. Now I've, I've been over this in the last few shows with you, but just to give you a kind of quick rundown of what's happening in China. China's factories are slowing to a halt. Chinese workers are now staging protests in the streets. China is, has as of last weekend going into the weekends began saying, well, maybe we need to have a negotiation with the United States. US factories are picking up production dramatically right now. Small and midsize manufacturing plants here in the United States are reporting overwhelming orders to get things produced.


There are massive things going on right now in the United States and very difficult things going on in China. And guess what? We've got all the leverage in this relationship. We buy all this stuff from them. It's not mostly going the other way around mostly. So we've got all the leverage here, let's use it. Let's use it right now. And so that brings me to the Scott scent last night. We've got a big update on China as of last night. How about we go to China is now seeking a deal. Here's Scott Besson last night, cut one. The world has been coming to the US and China has been the missing piece.


I was going to be in Switzerland to negotiate with the Swiss. Turns out the sw the Chinese team is traveling through Europe and they will be in Switzerland also. So we will meet on Saturday and Sunday. And You know, look, we have shared interest that the, this isn't sustainable, as I said before, especially on the Chinese side. And You know, 145%, 125% is the equivalent of an embargo. We don't want to decouple. What we want is fair trade. China coming to the table. Now they're meeting, they're having the big meeting in Switzerland on Saturday and Sunday where they're all gonna get together and they're gonna, they're gonna do a little chat.


Now, China, remember throughout all this, China's gonna try and maintain this posture. Oh yes, we're in a very strong bargaining position here. And it as lucky the United States even gets a chance to negotiate with us. They're gonna give you all this garbage, ignore all that crap. The fact that China is now rushing to Switzerland to meet with Scott Besson means they're crying uncle. They wanna way out of this. And so here's what we want from the Trump administration. We want to force as many possible concessions out of China as possible and to ensure that it's the, the greatest possible deal. You know, it's not, this is not a deal for a deal's sake. You know, we're not, we don't want just like, oh, we have a deal. Look what we did. We won because we have a deal.


No, the quality of the deal matters. The quality of the deal matters. How much more energy is China gonna buy from the United States? How much, how many fewer pieces of ip, intellectual property is Chinese gonna, China gonna steal? How much can we stop Chinese currency manipulation amidst all of this? You know, it's the, the whole thing is like, okay, we'll see what happens. But if, if China wants to keep the trade war going on forever, the reality is that just gives us more time and more incentive to bring everything back here and to buy from other international suppliers. Look, Apple's already moving its supply chain out of China and into places like Vietnam and India, and yes, the United States of America, we're doing something good here.


We're, we're ba we're basically reorienting these economies away from our signature adversary. It's a huge deal. So Scott Besson's gonna sit down with these guys over the weekend, but I won't be surprised if they walk away and there is no grand deal. I doubt there will be, because this is the one of the toughest negotiations that President Trump and his administration are gonna face out of both administrations. And we should fight for the best deal possible. But I love that we have an administration that fights, don't you, aren't you good at? Aren't you happy about this? What a, what a vast improvement over where we were. We didn't have last administration didn't fight. They rolled over and then stabbed you in the back.


That's been the relationship we had with the Biden people. And speaking of Biden, Biden has finally popped up for a big interview. And as you might expect, not with an American reporter, because why would they do that instead? Joe Biden just did his first big television interview since his terrible presidency with the BBC. That's right. State controlled British media. That's who he did it with. And he was asked a couple of questions, which, and I think in all of this, what you're gonna see, I'm gonna play these clips for you. 'cause I want you to see just how dead he is. He's dead. I'm pretty sure as he's speaking, you will see dust fly up in the air with each exhale.


And here this, this is a guy that the left they tried to run actually is Jill who tried to do this. Jill Biden tried to make this guy president of the United States again for her own selfish reasons. That's right. Lady Mc Biden tried to do that. And yet, look at this guy. There's no way cut eight that he should be president of the United States. Take a look. What did you make of those scenes in the Oval Office? President Trump and President Zelensky. I found it sort of beneath America the way that took place and the way we talk about now that well, we're just the Gulf of America.


Maybe we're gonna have to take back Panama. Maybe we need to acquire Greenland. Maybe Canada should be yes. What the hell's going on here? What president? Ever talk like that? That's not who we are. Let's pause this. Let's we're about freedom, democracy. Let's pause. That's exactly who we are. No, no, no, no. Let's pause it right there. 'cause I, I wanna continue, but I, I wanna focus on that for a moment. What is this? The Gulf of America. Panama, Greenland, Canada. What president talks like that. A president who believes in our country. That's a p That's what we want. A president with a big view, a big positive vision for our country.


The left is defined by its criticism for our country. It's defined by self-loathing. It's de it's de it's defined by its contempt for our country. This belief that we don't deserve the land that we live on, that we don't deserve our fellow countrymen. That we don't deserve to be in the greatest country on earth. That is merely an accident that we're not entitled to. That's the left view on this subject. President Trump has the vision of all of the biggest thinking American presidents in our history. The view that not only are we great, but we can become greater. President Trump sees the value in our national security. Having a place like Greenland in a world where Greenland is an important national security outpost for the wellbeing of the United States of America, taking back control of Panama, which he says should have never been given up in the first place by the United States.


Criticize Jimmy Carter as an idiot for giving it up for a dollar. This is a president who believes in our country and our wellbeing. He has a big view, a big picture view, a positive view of our country. Biden doesn't understand that there's not much he understands about anything these days, but he doesn't understand that because that's the left's view on this subject, that we're a country deserving of criticism and that everything we have is stolen. No, no, we're a great country and everything we have is a result of the hard work that the country, the people who live here have undertaken. Alright, more from Joe Biden's rambling and slowly delivered interview. Should you have withdrawn earlier, given someone else a bigger job?


I, I don't, I don't think it would've mattered. We left at a time when we were, we had a good candidate. She was fully funded. And what happened was I had become fully funded. What what we had set out to do, no one thought we could do and become so successful in our, our agenda was hard to say. Now I'm gonna stop now. It Was so Successful. And I said when I started, yeah, that I think it's, I frail, I prepared to hand this to the next generation, the transition government, but it things moved so quickly.


Look how old he is. And it made it difficult to walk away to get. And it was a, You can barely think It was a hard decision. But Regrets though. No, I, I think it was the right decision. I think that the, well, it was just a difficult decision. Oh my gosh. But you shouldn't have taken that. We don't have this guy anymore. Well, I Don't, I don't think, I don't think So. I mean, I don't know how that would've made much difference. What a difference. Holy cow. Now let me point out something that he did in that clip that, You know, don't, don't get just lost in his, his oldness there.


He said two things of immense value there about Kamala. We fully funded her campaign so she didn't have to do anything. We gave her everything. We gave her everything. So that's him taking a shot at Kamala. Another piece of that, he was asked at the tail end of that conversation, you don't regret not getting out earlier. Don't you think If you gave her more space, that she would've had a better chance if only the campaign had been longer? Now, by the way, I think if the campaign had been longer for Kamala, the margins would've been bigger for Trump. The longer people think of Kamala as potentially becoming president of the United States, the worse it was for her. So to the extent that you could formulate any campaign that might work to her advantage, make it short.


Make it a little one. Because if we stare at her too long, we're saying no way in hell does this person become president of the United States. But that the argument that she's been making that her people have been making is, oh, she only had a couple of days to run for president. She didn't have enough time. And Biden is saying, there he has no regrets whatsoever. Getting out earlier would've made no difference. He said, put differently. Joe Biden is saying Donald Trump was gonna win no matter what, no matter what. And for once I agree with Joe Biden, glad to have you with us again today here on the on the VINCE podcast.


Please keep the pressure on Tom Tillis. Let him know you're watching him. We gotta get Ed Martin confirmed to be the US attorney for Washington DC and until tomorrow, really appreciate you. It's been another good podcast with you. The Big National Radio Show coming up 12 to three Eastern Time. You can watch that. rumble.com/ VINCE. Great to have you with us today.