
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks. There's something really, really sinister going on. I, you know, it's a bold statement. I mean, with everything sinister going on, can you kind of narrow it down? No, I mean really sinister right now, maybe beyond even the realm of fake collusion, hoaxes, fake impeachment, hoaxes, Spygate. If you saw the story that just broke about the Department of Justice, unbelievably releasing a letter by the suspect in the assassination plot against Donald Trump with a ransom, a ransom offer of 150 K.


You have to be asking yourself right now what the is going on. Now this happened this morning on top of the show I was gonna do if you were watching my Twitter and truth accounts yesterday where I said, you better listen to today's show 'cause I've got some nukes. I'm getting ready to drop here based on some sources. We are, we are in real trouble. If this continues, we may not make it to Election Day Lot to talk about today. By the way, you know you'd like the new shirt. This is for you guys out there, sadly. Is it bad enough yet? Everybody's been asking me for a new shirt.


you know, we donate our proceeds to charity so you wanna check it out store do on gino.com. I wore this around this weekend. Everybody was like, I love it. Yes it is. I hope so. I hope so.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beams powder every week. Go get it now. You're offering their largest discount@shopbeam.com slash bonino. Go get some sleep use code bonino. It's good stuff.


Alright, big show for you today. Our first sponsor today, our second sponsor actually American Financing dot net. The federal Reserves dropped interest rates, so you need to call my friends at American Financing today. With mortgage rates in the fours, now is the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store, power and even childcare. The debt is really expensive with credit card rates being insanely high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now's the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average about $800 a month. They're even closing some and as fast as 10 days you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. There's no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American Financing today. Ready for the number? American Financing. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 68 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website is American Financing dot net N mls 1 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org APR for rates. And the four starts at a PR 5.672% for well qualified borrowers. Call 88 9 9 4 76 60 for details about credit cost and terms. Thanks American Financing.


Alright fellas, let's go. So guys, listen this morning, the suspect in the second. Sadly we've gotta like delineate which assassination plot we're freaking talking about because President Trump is being hunted. I use that word deliberately. Some people will know what I mean if they're listening. Some people who really care, listen to me, listen to me. Trump is being hunted by professionals who know exactly what they're doing. And because I hate teases, is the secret service compromised?


Now I know you say, well Dan, you brought that up last week. Is there a mole whether intentional or unintentional in the secret service? I'll talk about that. But some, someone, let's just say who can be trusted I spoke to last week at the end of the week, has informed me that their communication system for the secret service may be almost entirely compromised. In other words, people trying to hunt and kill Donald Trump may know more about what Donald Trump is doing than Donald Trump is doing. Folks, we got a serious problem. And the problem is that people in charge of the Secret Service right now are not serious people.


The people at the top are too busy trying to cover up their own role in the substandard security plan for President Trump. Nothing is gonna change. We are in real trouble. I'm not trying to scare anyone, I'm not trying to panic anyone. I'm trying to tell you this isn't over. You thought it was over after the first one we had the second one. You thought it was over after the second one. Folks, there's more the he is being hunted right now. I wanna show you something. First I wanna show you this, the DOJ thing. Here's the DOJ release. The DOJ release a little more clearer than the handwritten memo, handwritten letter from this suspect in the second assassination cleft attempt, Ralph, the West Palm Beach assassination attempt.


They note that in in September 18th, 2024, so just recently law enforcement was contacted by a civilian witness stated that Ralph dropped off a box at his residence several months prior. The witness opened the box. The witness stated the box contained ammunition, a metal pipe building materials, tools for phones and various letters. It's also alleged he had some license plates too. One handwritten letter addressed to the world stated this was an assassination attempt on Donald Trump, but I failed you. I tried my best and gave it all. The gumption I can muster it is up to you. Now to finish the job, I will offer $150,000 to whomever can complete the job. The witness took a photograph of the first page of the handwritten letter as shown below and you can see the letter if you look online.


Folks, this is not to be gaffed off. We don't know if this guy had the $150,000. Let me just say that upfront. How the hell does a guy who says he was living off $3,000 a month come up with $150,000? If that's a big if if he had it, how does he put that in there? And it confirms something. I told you last week, I'm glad you listened to the show. I do not think that if these allegations turn out to be true that this guy was engaged in a suicide by cop attempt. I don't think that's what's what's gonna happen.


I think this guy was working with someone and I'm almost positive now. My theory is correct. This guy had, he had ballistic shields there, he was ready to rock and roll and this guy had a GoPro camera there. This guy managed to evade surveillance for as long as he did. This guy may not have been some marine force recon scout sniper here, okay? But this guy was clearly there it looks like from the evidence there to do some dirty work, okay? $150,000 bounty, a GoPro camera to record the evidence that he was looking. Appar apparently take out President Trump with an SKS rifle scoped out.


There's something going on here folks. There is something really sinister. Now, I said last week, is there a mole inside the Secret Service? The mold does not have to be intentional. I'm not suggesting the Mole is like that salt movie with Angelina Jolie where she's this lifelong mole inside the CIA. I got some in my either, I'm not telling you that could be the case. And I had an interesting incident when I was an instructor at the Secret Service Training Center that I thought about this weekend that reminded me how easy it would be to infiltrate the Secret Service. I already told you about my the Mo, the Moscow story.


When me and my partner in Moscow found a foreign spy in the embassy, I showed you the news reports. You think, oh damn, glad Gino's make it up. I showed you the freaking news reports. Me and my buddy outed her and they told us to let it go. I showed you the freaking news reports. There was another incident in a training center, which someone suspected of having ties to a enemy government of the United States' Embassy. It would not be hard to infiltrate the Secret Service to be a mole, but there could be some kind of mole in there. Who doesn't know they're a mole? They've got honey potted or something. They're talking to some woman online, they think is their next Tinder date or whatever.


And it turns out that person's actively recruiting people for the Iranian government. How are these people getting all this information about holes and secret service security plans, roofs, tree lines, fence lines on golf courses and beating the Secret Service at their own security game? How is it happening? Because I am hearing the Secret Service communication system is likely compromised. Not sure you're gonna hear that anywhere else, but folks, it's a big deal. How does that tie to the Mole story and how do I tie this all together for you folks?


How did they get in? Did they socially engineer someone and get a password, an email password? Did they go to a hotel room with someone and get their phone when they were in the bathroom or something? Is it something more high tech? Is it some type of Pegasus infiltration or something like that? But my source is reasonably confident that the Secret Service Comm system has been infiltrated. The Secret Service knows about this. By the way, I am not suicidal. Just wanna put that out there. Again, it's bad enough, but not for me personally. I'm feeling pretty good I, just wanna put that out there.


If it is compromised, ladies and gentlemen and Donald Trump, I'm telling you is being hunted right now. we got ourselves a big effing problem right now. We ain't gonna make it to Inauguration Day. And the people in charge of the Secret Service are too busy passing the buck and trying to cover up their own malfeasance that they're not focused at all on what they need to focus on. There's a reason there wasn't a drone up there. you know why? Because they didn't want one. These are the same people put up the Fox article, please. I want you to pay special attention to the date on this article.


Iranian operative plotting an assassination of John Bolton targeted Mike Pompeo. This exact same plot involved Donald Trump. Folks, this article was written by Fox News in 2022. That's over two years ago now. Now, if the article was written in 2022 about the plot, how long do you think the plot was going on? I'll answer that for you. The plot had been going on since about 2020, possibly earlier. The Secret Service has known about a very sophisticated plot of people hunting Donald Trump. You don't, you believe it or not, I don't care if you believe it or not. I'm telling you, trusted people are telling me this is absolutely 100% legit people's whose lives are on the line.


This is absolutely legit. This plot is real. Trump is being hunted because he killed soleimani and doesn't give a shit about the Iranian government. And if he gets back in office, the Iranian government's got a reckoning coming with the all the, this whole nuclear 2015 J-C-P-O-A thing. They know it. They know it. And I believe they're taking advantage of a political schism in the United States and an opening to try to do their business. Now they have known about this for about four years, this plot. So why haven't they secured President Trump's life?


I wanna play this again. I played it on Friday. It's short, but pay very close attention. Jack po Soc did a hit with Matt Gaetz. Matt Gaetz said something I, I'm telling you, he's not lying, he's not making this up. He said this on the show, it got very little attention. But it's gonna get your attention 'cause we're gonna play it again folks. This is not done. Take a look. I'll break little news for you. I had a senior official from the Department of Homeland Security in my office before the second assassination attempt saying that what he has assessed is that there are five known assassination teams in the United States.


Three inspired by other governments. Two that are here that are known domestic assassination teams. And with that, this individual was coming to me concerned that the force protection around President Trump, even prior to that SEC second assassination attempt was not sufficient for what it needed to be. Folks, I'm, I'm concerned about all five of these teams that are hit teams hunting President Trump. But I'm very concerned about the three, not that they all are in a threat, but the three alleged to be associated with a foreign government. It is clear right now the Iranians are hunting Trump. They are looking for any hole and any compromised security plan where they can secrete themselves into a hole.


If they have the compromised communication system within the Secret service, whether it be radio, email, text traffic or whatever it may be, the Iranians may be a step ahead of the secret services security plan. So if someone in say the Secret Service is emailing a request for a drone or a post stander and that post is denied, there may be someone in advance who knows about it. I believe there's a reason we know relatively nothing right now about the Butler Pennsylvania attacker someone or some system within the Secret Service I believe has been compromised.


And I believe the FBI knows, I believe the FBI is hiding information for all kinds of reasons. I give the management of the FBI absolutely no leeway whatsoever. But I think one of the reasons is there's a bombshell story about to come out about someone or some system within the Secret Service that was compromised that allowed someone else, maybe a foreign government, some hit team or someone hunting Donald Trump to take advantage of known holes in the security plan. It doesn't make any sense otherwise, folks, how did they know? Now I have a quick solution now and no one's gonna like it. Even my friends may not, but I'm sorry. It's the only way folks.


Everyone's gonna have to be polygraphed, it's gonna take forever. But with some of the DOD assets, everyone in the capital region, everyone in the DC capital region who works anywhere near or anyone on the Trump detail, you're probably gonna have to be polygraphed again, folks, there is something going on out there. And if they don't find the source here, the source of this infiltration into their network, if they don't find it, then this is not done. This is not done. I want you all to understand that. Dan, why do you keep talking about this? 'cause we may not even have a campaign. You're not gonna have a campaign without a candidate.


There's no way two attackers knew exactly where the soft spots in the security plan were. There's no chance. And why is it that the Iranians were the history of honey potting people in Israel and around the world taking advantage of loner, kind of losers using honeypots. This isn't adjacent born novel. They take advantage of idiots with nothing to lose. You've got two guys that fit the profile who magically found holes in a secret service security plan seeming to no in advance where the security wouldn't be and nobody's asking questions folks, the current director of the Secret Service acting, Ron Rowe and his deputy and other people in the protective operations chain knew about this Iranian threat for four years.


Where the hell is this guy getting this alleged $150,000 he claims to have to quote, finish the job. And why the hell is the DOJ that can't seem to wanna release the Nashville shooter manifesto? Release this one right away, sends out a bat signal 150 K. Anyone willing to kill Donald Trump? Are you shitting me bro? Whose dumb ass idea was it to release that? Here's Ron Rowan a presser last week. He's gonna pass the buck folks. Here's what he's doing to insulate himself and his management team from avoiding this Iranian threat, doing very little about it and putting President Trump in a really bad situation.


The comm system I'm hearing is compromised folks. This is actual investigative reporting here. He doesn't wanna admit any of this. He still admits fault and then goes back and retracts it and puts lipstick on it. He's gonna pass the buck to the Pittsburgh field office. Now the, I know the Pittsburgh field office guys, they're good guys, but they were probably told don't even bother asking for security assets in Butler because you're not gonna get 'em. So now he's gonna accountability for the Pittsburgh guys while these guys at the top who knew about this Iran plot get nothing. Are you shitting me? Listen to this insurance Review has identified deficiencies in the advanced planning and its implementation by Secret service personnel.


These employees will be held accountable and this agency has among the most robust table of penalties in the entirety of the federal government. Okay, so employees are gonna be held accountable. Are we gonna get the names of these agents that almost got Trump killed? No. You said we were now moving into the accountability phase of this Butler investigation. You did not want to discuss names of who might be punished so to speak, but can you give us more detail, at least maybe how many people would face punishment or repercussions for what happened in Butler, at what levels of the organization those people represent and what level of punishment again, they may face?


So again, I I can't comment on on this. This is a a personnel matter that is still pending. This is bullshit. This is only him trying to pass the buck to keep your eyes off of the Iranian threat they've known about for four years. Folks, this has been, this is a known threat. This is not something they were guessing at. I wanna show you a clip coming up next. Another clip. Jesse Waters just team doing a good job of this. Another one won't let this story go and he shouldn't. There is a whistleblower now coming out to Josh Hawley who's been doing a great job. Republican senator from Missouri. There's a whistleblower out there now who seems to be implying that there was a vulnerability left open for a reason.


You read it whatever way you want. I'm gonna play the clip coming up for you next. I'm just telling you, listen to me. Someone or some system has likely been compromised within the secret service and it's not over. Let me take a quick break folks. I'm gonna get back. I'm gonna show you this clip coming up next. Hawley's got a whistleblower who is tearing it up.


The bone charged infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask are absolute go-tos in my house. Paula absolutely loves it. The red light face mask I I use one, it makes your skin look really nice, but second for me, it helps me go to sleep too. That red light at night is just amazing. I first turned to the sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery and detoxification. It's become a game changer. The benefits of sauna, I strongly encourage you to look 'em up. I love this product. It's easy to use. Just wrap yourself up. Let the infrared heat work it's magic. I've noticed a real difference in how relaxed I get at night rejuvenated. I feel the next day I sleep like a baby after using it. The red light face mask, Paula loves it. Really impressive. She's been using it to improve her skin's texture and reduce inflammation. The results have been absolutely amazing. Just check out our pictures. My skin feels smoother, looks more vibrant. I've checked it out. Love it. Helps me sleep at night too. The overall tone evens out. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. If you're thinking of trying 'em out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made a real positive impact on helping my wellness routine and Paula's, I'm sure you'll love them too. Use code bonino at bone charge B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E-B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E bone charge.com/bonino to save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Paula was using it last night as we were chilling out watching some TV at the end of the night.


Folks, I want you to watch this. Harley appears to be implying from a whistleblower here that someone within this secret service, this whistleblower is feeding him information about an inside threat. There was a vulnerability point left open there. Does somebody know about this? Is there a mole? Is there an accidental mole, an explicit or an explicit mole in the secret service? Something has been compromised. Listen to this. Well, What we've heard, Jesse, from New Whistleblowers who've come forward about this second assassination attempt on Donald Trump's life, and here's what they have told us. That golf course that the president was playing secret service have guarded that course many, many times. And what the whistleblower says is protocol calls for secret service to station agents along the places in the course that are known vulnerabilities.


I want to emphasize the service has guarded this course many times. They know where there are vulnera vulnerabilities. They normally station agents there ahead of Trump's appearance on the course, but they apparently did not do that this last weekend. And the whistleblowers tell me that's strange. That's out of protocol. It's not even clear. Secret service swept the perimeter before Trump took to the course. Also a brooch, a breach, rather a protocol. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you there is something really sinister going on here. Look at this tweet from Katherine, her, an amazing reporter who does actual investigative reporting. Jim Jordan knows something, I'm sure of it. Jim Jordan's now demanding the FBI give him a briefing on the Iranian hack of the Trump campaign.


They are inside the comms system. Folks, it's not just the campaign, this is real. They wanna know what material did I ran obtain from the Trump campaign, maybe schedules and security information. To whom? At the Biden for president or Harris for president campaigns did the hacker send info? Here's the critical question. Question Numer Trace, what actions did the Biden Harris campaign take? Ladies and gentlemen, now are you starting to put together what I'm putting down the Biden for president and Harris for president campaigns?


New about the Iranian hacks. What did they know and when did they know it? How did the attackers know the soft spots in the security plan? Did the Biden Harris team alert anyone? Were they someone in there connected to the Iranians? Was someone at the Biden Harris team compromised? I mean we already know about the guy working in the White House with the suspect connections to the Iranians. They had to steal away his security clearance and couldn't figure out how to do it. Folks, this is, none of this is done, this guy, this. Now, thankfully we got this second guy alive, this Ralph Guy, the suspect in the second assassination plot.


I wanna play a clip by Mike Ben again, it's a new one, not the same one I played last week, but it's a good one. Talking about again, the strange behavior of the second alleged assassin. The Kamala campaign is linked up with the Iranians apparently somehow trying to feed them information. What the hell did they know? The Iranians have been trying to kill Trump since 2020. This guy claims to have 150, $50,000 in a boun and he was filming the thing on a GoPro ready to shoot it out. What more could you possibly wanna hear? The, I'm telling you, something's been compromised inside the secret service. Here's Ben's on the strange behavior and foreign exposure of this guy, Ralph, you put two and two together, something sinister is going on here.


Take a look. Well it's almost overwhelming in terms of the fire hose of information from the, from the social media trail. But there's one thing that's consistent through it all, which is Ralph's absolute dogmatic obsession. His, his life purpose, his personal livelihood to recruit foreign militant fighters from Afghanistan, from Pakistan, from Iran to join the CIA's fight in Ukraine. It's a very strange situation, which is basically the, the, the same sort of work that's done through spy masters complex recruiting efforts when they're trying to recruit ISIS terrorists to, to sensitive CIA hot zones when they need additional kin and fodder for military or intelligence work.


you know, I, I've talked about this several times this week. These strange similarities between exactly what Ryan Ralph was doing and what Michael Springman, the State department whistleblower and the run up to nine 11 described as the CIA's visas for terrorist program. Well, I mean, what else could you possibly wanna hear? What else could you possibly wanna hear? Folks, I'm gonna leave this here 'cause we got an election coming up. I got a lot more to talk about including the M Kamala Harris campaign absolutely collapsing at this point. I'm not telling you they can't win. don don't wanna hear any bullshit about a red wave period. Execute. Bring 10 people with you.


Make sure if early voting started in Virginia or somewhere else, you're out voting period bank your vote. That's it. But this is serious filming it. GoPro filming his own crimes, evidence of what terrorists do. 150 K Bounty DOJ releases the bounty a source telling me the secret service com system have been compromised. This guy engaged in some suspicious foreign overseas activity that strangely resembles CIA recruiting plots the Iranians in a known plot since 2020 trying to kill Donald Trump. And anyone telling you out there, it's a conspiracy theory.


I'm gonna ask you a simple question. Did Trump or did he not have Soleimani killed? Okay he did. The people releasing this do not wanna make Trump look tough on Iran. They had to, they were forced into it. Why would you think this is some kind of scam? This is real. This is real. And the threat to the country right now is critical. We've got a president in charge who barely knows where he is. We've got a vice president who doesn't wanna do TV interviews, has absolutely reduced our exposure to the public, to the point of near absurdity at this point.


We've got Donald Trump nearly assassinated twice and we've got an airtight election. don don't hear. I want to hear any talk about a red wave. Folks, this is critical mass time. It's not time to panic, it's time to execute. But I'm telling you something better be done real quick to fix the secret service, I'm gonna have to polygraph people and you may have to bring in support, whether it's retired secret service guys who can be trusted to get back in there to take a look at this thing. Put on some kind of a panel review board with like an immediate one week turnaround. Something's gotta be done quicker. Someone's gonna get killed. Someone else. And yes, I realize I probably started a lot of trouble with today's podcast.


I don't care. This is good trouble time. We need to be starting. I was gonna take a break. I wanna show this to you quick. This is how bad things are. Did you see Biden this weekend? They, they let him speak in public. He's at an event with the head of state for India. He's supposed to India like the country. He's supposed to introduce him. He forgets who he's supposed to introduce and starts screaming at people. You don't think foreign governments are seeing this and ready to take advantage of this hole in our leadership. Take a look at this. I wanna thank You all for being here. And now who am I introducing next? Who's next?


Distinguished guests. The prime minister of the Republic of India. They call that the VOG, the voice of God, small G. That's what it's called. I'm not, I'm just telling you that that announcer, that's when you need the VOG to rescue you because you don't even know the prime minister of India you're supposed to. So it's like kind of a big country. I hear they have a few people, it's not small. He doesn't even know folks. You've got the Iranians compromised, compromised our communications network apparently trying to work with the the Kamala campaign. You've got a paper tiger in charge, a wet paper, tiger in charge now I'm telling you man, buckle up and get ready for the next few months.


Seriously. No effing around you get clown like crusty. Trust me, you some of you'll get that. I guess you had to be a nineties kid. You get don't get clown like crusty. Please take my word for it. We are in really deep shit right now. Quick break and on the other side is the media knows what's going on. The media is desperately trying to hide all of this right now. They are trying to run through the tape without letting the American people know the danger we're in right now, especially from a Kamala Harris presidency.


I'm gonna show you a damning clip coming up next. Quick break.


Hey, a lot can happen over the next four years. Life insurance helps you feel assured that your family is protected. Policy genius helps you find the right life insurance policy at the best price so you can have one less thing to prepare for. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 a year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius is technology lets you compare quotes from America's top insurers in just a few clicks to find your lowest price. If you ever need help or guidance, you have an expert licensed support team to answer your questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the process. It's the country's leading online insurance marketplace. Since they don't have an incentive to recommend one insurer over another, their advice is unbiased. Join thousands of happy policy genius customers who've left five star reviews. Be ready for the future with PolicyGenius. Head the policy head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save policygenius.com, policygenius.com


and our last sponsor. Mm, listen, the number one question I get from listeners, how can I get in a conservative fight? Well, it's critical to know where your dollars are going. Many credit card companies are funneling millions to left wing causes and candidates hoping you didn't notice. Now you have a choice coin. You probably heard about it. It's America's conservative credit card. Find them at COIG n.com coin.com With every transaction you help coin advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. It's a great looking credit card you'll take pride in using it's bright red with we the people on the front. Coin works everywhere. Visas accepted comes with a 100% US based customer service and and consumer protections. It's the only card whether of your wallet start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now@coin.com. That's COIG n.com. Be sure to select Dan Bongino and how'd you hear about us? We appreciate it. Terms apply. Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details.


Folks, this clip got a lot of traffic this weekend from the Bill Maher show. It got a lot of traffic. However, for all of the right reasons, not the wrong reasons, we have a massive, massive security threat to the United States right now. And I could make a very strong case to you that the leading accomplice in this American Bank robbery going on of our political future are the media. They hid Biden's mental state and accused us all of a conspiracy theory. When we m warned the American people, this guy was cognitively compromised fact and they're now hiding Kamala Harris's destructive agenda, who amazingly she's running on a campaign of a new way forward despite being the way backwards and away right now.


And the media is not even remotely interested in addressing the security threat Kamala Harris is caused. Kamala Harris is weak, the Biden administration is weak. What the hell did they know about this Iranian threat? The Iranian threat to Donald Trump? None of these questions will be answered because Stephanie rule, who claims to be a journalist, was on Bill Mar's show. And Stephanie Rule isn't even interested in a a Kamala Harris interview. Matter of fact, she's apologizing for Kamala Harris hiding from the American people. We will never get answers from these media people. They are not part of the problem. They are the problem. Watch this damning clip Questions. It's not too much to ask Kamala say, are you for a Palestinian state if Hamas is gonna run that state, Okay, yes or no?


And let's say you don't like her answer. Are you going to vote for Donald Trump? No, I'm not. I just said I'm not gonna vote. She's Not running for perfect. She's running against Trump. We have two choices. And so there are some things you might not know her answer to. And in 2024, unlike 2016, for a lot of the American people, we know exactly what Trump will do, who he is, and the kind of threat he is to democracy. I don't know. So it's unfair to me how there could be and inform the problem Folks, the media could clear this up today. The media could clear all of this up today. They could start in unison, demanding an interview from Kamala Harris and they could start asking really painful questions.


What are you going to do about the border crisis given that Joe Biden put you in charge as the borders are, we have the actual video of him doing it. What are you going to do about the known threat to Donald Trump from the Iranians and Iranian regime that tried to connect with you? What are you going to do about the FBI's abuses of power against moms for liberty against school board parents? They could start asking these questions tomorrow and it would be well understood that although Republicans may not be the solution to your problems, if the media would ask one freaking hard-hitting question, they would understand quite quickly that the cause of everybody's problems right now is Kamala Harris and Joe Biden.


Folks, if we lose this election, we are in real trouble. I told you we have a government committed to weaponizing its assets right now to target you. We can't say that happened pre Barack Obama. It happened to the extent it's happening now. We've always had an overreaching government bureaucrats that get power hungry. I'm talking about a concerted government-wide effort to weaponize everything from the FTC to the SEC, to the IRS, to the FBI, to the DOJ. If this is allowed to entrench itself over the next four to eight years under a Harris regime with ai, facial recognition, retinal scanning, that the ability to accumulate data on a mass scale now there is zero chance you're gonna keep your guns or get an honest election anytime in the near future.


They're planning to steal this thing right now coming up because they are worried. The new poll numbers for Kamala Harris are devastating. I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna get into it a little more tomorrow in detail, but I'm just gonna tell you this, her collapse amongst minority voters, Hispanic and, and black voters, especially black men, is absolutely cratering. I need you to understand there is no math, simple arithmetic, mathematics. There is no math for her to win with these current numbers. you know what I'm gonna say? Get out and execute. That's it. I'm just saying she is in real trouble. Don't think it's an accident that this morning all of a sudden the Harris campaign came out and said, what?


Did you guys see it? Oh, now she's interested in potentially doing an interview at 60 minutes. Oh she is. She's been hiding and it's not working. People are starting to figure out she's down 11 points with Hispanic voters where she was just a few weeks ago in Arizona. There's no math for her to win if she loses Arizona, Georgia, North Carolina, none. So now they're trying to steal it. I want you to watch this clip here. This is Democrat super lawyer, mark Elias. You were never gonna meet a guy more committed to destroying voter integrity measures than this guy or he, anything that involves integrity at the election booth, voter id, election observers, poll watchers, having have people show up rather than drop 'em off in, you know, mailboxes that look like ballot boxes.


I mean gimme a break. This guy is against it. I want you to listen to him here telegraphing what they're getting ready to do. If you dare, if you dare even go out and attempt to be a poll watcher or anything like that, pay very close attention folks. These people are preparing for some serious shenanigans. Check this out. But here's the thing, the Secretary of State do have steeled backbones. The lawyers have steeled backbones. The Democratic party has steeled backbones. We are not going to surrender our country to the threats and intimidation of Donald Trump and his supporters. We are not going to let the mobs that will f that formed January 6th, but which were present before January 6th in places like Detroit and, and in Philadelphia trying to intimidate election officials in Georgia and in Arizona.


We're not gonna let them affect the outcome of this election. Folks, he's making all of this up. I want you to understand the foe examples. He's citing these fake phony examples are not examples of actual voter intimidation. What they were examples of were Republicans MAGA supporters and it could have been moderate Democrats for all we know who were just interested in observing the electoral process. The only people who don't want people showing up with voter id, the only people who don't want people observing elections independently and watching the ballot counting are people who wanna cheat. The only people who object to the save act, which would prevent illegals from registering to vote are people who want illegals to vote.


Now, I told you before and I, I had this conversation, I didn't do a weekend update 'cause there's way too much going on. I'm sorry, we're close to the election and I, I didn't do much this weekend anyway, but I was at a little, I was at a birthday party and I obviously some adults there I was chatting with, they bring the kids and we're talking and someone asked me about the voter, the the threat to elections. I said, listen, voter fraud from an expert, a guy I really trust, I've told you this before, is about one, maybe 2% max, which is a lot. That's a huge amount. If we run ahead of the polls like we did in 2016 and 2020, we can win this thing. I'm not telling you it's gonna be fair, fair. I'm not telling you it's gonna be free. I'm not telling you don't execute.


I'm just saying we're still in good shape. And then afterwards, if we can hold the house and take the Senate, we are gonna have a unique opportunity to pass some serious voter reforms and clean this thing up. We've got a pretty hapless Republican party in the house. Have you see, as you've seen by the CR getting ready to pass, which is total bullshit and I don't even know what to tell you. I keep saying it. Most Republicans on Capitol Hill are really Democrats. We're spending ourselves into an abyss right now. However, again, we lose to the Democrats, you'll never have another election again. Everything will be by selection, not election. Folks, I said to you last week, I did a segment that was super important and if you missed it on Thursday or Friday show, I encourage you to strongly go back and look at it.


I think it was Friday's show. If you are a gun owner, if you are interested in civil liberties at all. 'cause don don't wanna, if you're not a gun at all this segment's, no, no, this segment is for you. The the the gun is the symbol of individual personal protection, anything individual capitalism, freedom, guns, personal protection, Democrats hate because they want you to rely on the state. They don't care about guns. They all use guns for their own bodyguards. Trust me, they don't care about the guns. They wanna take your guns because they wanna make you dependent on the state. The gun is secondary to their collectivist goals. If we lose the selection and Kamala Harris, who's already on video saying that she wants to come into people's houses to check on their guns and make sure they're complying or whatever.


I played the video for you last week. If we lose the selection, we are in real trouble. She has already come out for a mandatory gun buyback program that is not a buyback program, that is a focus group tested word. They are going to give you money and demand, you give their guns and you're probably never gonna get the money either. This is a gun confiscation program. She is already on the record supporting here's a CNN panel running interference for her exactly on this. This combined with AI and the A TF rewording. Some of its gun dealer language folks, we're in real trouble. Check this out. Having Kamala Harris say if you're getting, if you come, if you break into my house, you're getting shot is different than what you typically hear from Democrats, right?


Like you think Democrats are coming for all your guns, we're coming to take all of them and here you have a candidate saying, here's what I will do if you come into my home. And I do think that is different, But I don think people believe that a couple minutes ago is that she said, I'm taking all your guns away. A thousand days ago, 1200 days ago. No. Said, she Never said she was Taking mandatory away. Mandatory, yeah, mandatory gun buyback buybacks. Yeah. Yes she did. She said that 1200 days ago and now she's this proud gun owner. Mandatory types weapons. She was not, she was not supported. All your guns of your guns, but not all your guns just the one ar. I mean Folks, I'm just asking you to, especially the people who are skeptical. I get it. My P ones, you guys trust me, I trust you.


We were the number one live stream in the world last week, four out of five days. So I deeply appreciate the trust you placed in me. However, the skeptics out there, I've gotta talk to you too. I get it. You're skeptical. Oh, Dan Kamala Harris really isn't coming for our guns. That's just election. You're talking really. Why did the Biden administration, why did they push forth a regulation that is gonna change the definition Who of who a gun dealer is to basically anyone who sells a gun for a profit. Why would they do that? Does anybody know? Folks in the chat tell me? Yes sir. Yes ma'am. you know exactly why? Because if you were an FFLA Federal firearms licensee has a federal license to to sell firearms, they know everything about you and there's a paper trail.


There is no gun show loophole. Do you understand? If you as a private person wants to give your gun to your kid and he's not a prohibited possessor, whatever it is, you're getting old, you have some extra ones, he's got a farm, he needs some protection, whatever it is, you can do that. You don't need to fill out 62,000 pieces of paperwork to give to the government. If you are an FFL, you do. The Biden team is actively trying to recategorize anyone who transfers a firearm to anyone else as an FFL. Why? So if they show up at your house looking for your guns because they did an AI search, cross-referencing gun owners paperwork, MAGA donations, rally attendance, this is all gonna go down.


They're gonna get a list of gun owners and they're gonna come to your house. You now have a viable excuse. You may have given the gun away legitimately, Hey, I gave the gun away. I don't really have anymore. So they have nothing on you. You're not gonna be able to do that anymore. You are gonna be reclassified as a gun dealer. This is not an accident. Listen to me. The Democrats don't do anything by accident. They're gonna come knocking on your door and say, who'd you give the gun to? Oh, well, did you sell it? Well, is there a transaction? How come we don't see it? We don't see it on your checking account. We did an AI search and we didn't see any transaction going on there. And you are gonna get locked up and they're only gonna do it when you're a threat to them.


A Mom's for Liberty activist, a pro-life activist, you show up at a school board meeting, they're not gonna go after everyone. They don't have the assets folks. They don't have the assets. There's no chance and your local sheriff's probably gonna give 'em the middle finger. They are only going to go after the people they consider a threat. Meaning anytime you gather a Twitter following and start causing them trouble, they're gonna be knocking on your door. We are running out of time. This is why she won't interview. By the way, Kamala Harris, and this is why she definitely won't interview with someone like say a, A Fox News or a Newsmax host. There's no chance Trump and JD Vance will go anywhere.


JD Vance talks to everyone, not them because they know they're gonna have to answer these questions about their gun grabbing and it's gonna turn off a lot of voters. Folks, we are in real trouble in this election. I'm gonna get to one final story today that really matters. I'm I, this Sean Comb story. I'm not calling this guy P Diddy, I'm sorry I it's stupid nickname and I'm not doing it. The Sean Comb story is turned it into a bigger deal. I want to give you a little inside info, some videos out there of what does arrest look like? TMZ. Got it. And there's also a pretty damning clip from him on Conan O'Brien. Folks, there's a lot of people engaged in really suspicious behavior.


Now I am not surprised at all that the entertainment community was involved in what appears to be some pretty grotesque behavior If you believe these allegations, what I wanna know and why I think this story is a big deal in this political cycle is how many people with a political bent, either in politics or big donors, knew about what was happening. I just want to, before we get to that, just please one last time for the journalists out there, please get your pens out and start doing your homework. I told you outside of Susan Crabtree, Wegman Waters and the typical folks, you know, Julie Kelly and Darren Beatty, the secret service story is a huge deal.


You don't see too many people talking about it. Please focus on this infiltration of the comms network. Start asking questions today. They will hide it and they will. They're too busy covering their own asses. Please, I'm asking you as a friend, this is real trouble. This is an ongoing insider threat and someone else is gonna die. You failed to listen to my first warning like the Dan Arkins at NBC, who still has hasn't apologized, calling me a conspiracy theorist for talking about the security lapses. Then I gave you another warning, I'm giving you a third one. Now, if you don't stay on these people, they're gonna put this thing into the phantom zone and you're never gonna hear about it again until someone else turns up dead.


Let me get to this calm story quick 'cause this is a big deal folks. A lot of people knew this guy. If you were lived in New York during the rap era like I did, a lot of people knew this guy. This was not just a a a, a rap producer and a performer himself. This was a guy who was deeply connected to a ton of people. Throw this up on vo. TMZ got a hold of I guess the hotel security camera. There's combs walking into the lobby. You see a couple federal agents come out. He gives up, you know, appears pretty peacefully here. Obviously they walk him off. Doesn't appear to be much of a conflict. Now this is, he's don. Don't think he realized he was looking at the last moments of his freedom here.


They walk him out. There he is right there in a trench coat. Now the reason I bring all this stuff up and I show you this video is listen, this is a guy, as you can tell from the high end hotel he is in. This is a guy used to having in his ass kissed you. You used to eating, I mean the highest of high-end foods. This is a guy worth a lot of money. He's probably got servants around the house. This is not a guy who is and no, here's the worst part. This is a guy who is not really a rich young man. This is a guy who came from, you know, a lower middle class background. So this is a guy who when you were once, when you once didn't have a lot of money and now you have a lot of money, it transforms.


You never wanna go back. He is in a facility right now I have been to many times, which is a don don't even know how to describe it. It's a shit hole. It is a total dump. His he's, he's probably got gastrointestinal distress from the absolutely horrendous food. He's probably eating a freaking loaf right now. Look it up. It's disgusting. The conditions are gross. You can't sleep. This guy's sleeping on some super fofo, high-end mattress now sleeping on some like one inch thing with a spring like jamming into his lower spine. He is not used to this anymore.


He does not wanna go back. I bring this up because it's only a matter of time, I believe before this guy flips. What they're gonna arrange with this guy is a proffer session. Proffer session. You go in with your lawyer, there's typically an FBI agent or whatever Federal agency's investigating you and there's in the United States attorney in there in the proffer session. Anything you say typically will not be used against you unless you lie. This is where they give up the meat and potatoes. They give up everything in a proffer. We used to jokingly call it a king for a day deal. Okay? I have zero doubt. This guy's getting ready to flip. Honestly, if he hasn't already, we wouldn't even know.


Do you have any idea how many people in the entertainment and political space are probably implicated in this? People knew. How do I know? People knew? Because Combs used to talk about openly these freaky geeky do parties. Here's a clip from him on Conan O'Brien talking about like going out, getting the ladies and like locking the doors of none of this stuff was a mystery. How many other people knew about this? Check this out. Okay, Yeah, we need alcohols right? Alcohols right? Not just one alcohol alcohols, right? Just different blend. You need the ladies, you need the booze. You need some water For watering plants.


No, no. don don't know if guys have noticed this, like a lot of ladies drink water at parties. They just, you know, so you have, if you don't have what they need, they're gonna leave. Right? Right. Gotta keep 'em there, right? You, you need locks on the doors. Okay, this is sounding kind of dangerous now it's a little kinky, but Yeah, rock. But just right. Check it out. You need a lot of heat. A lot heat, yeah. Heat. You mean that physically the place has to be hot. You don't have no air conditioning, No air conditioning. No. Why is that? Heat affects the alcohol and it also affects like, you know, everybody gets a little bit more comfortable and loose. Builds up a nice little sweat. That just sounds disgusting. What are you talking? Depends on the way you look at it Depends. Oh, people start getting kind of, it gets kind of sexy.


Is that what you're saying? They used sexy new word for you. Now Folks, you gotta watch this whole interview, man. This guy openly talked about this stuff. Now you've got a bunch of entertainers in the ETA entertainment community who've been suspiciously politically active, who all of a sudden are mass deleting tweets. Why would they be doing that? This stuff is all archived. How many people are roped into this? How many people right now are being approached by feds? Are they making stuff go away? Listen man, this is a really important case. It is, it is.


If you were invol, if you were involved any time in the late nineties or two thousands in Ep, executive protection, entertainment, sports or politics, why is this concerning to me? Folks? The Democrat party was knee deep in the music production business. You have no idea how many parties I was at with the Clintons. I've told you about them, where a lot of these same characters were running around at the parties with big donors. Do you get where I'm going with this?


Justin brought up a great point. Is it too early to say that Sean Combs is probably not suicidal? Folks, this is some scary shit. I already told you the Epstein story. I've got an unimpeachable source who was on the plane with Epstein and Bill Clinton when Bill Clinton went in the back of the plane with some suspicious characters, okay? And I don't mean were suspicious, I mean suspicious in that they didn't, shouldn't have been in the back of the plane with Bill Clinton. He didn't know what happened back there. All he knows is he was really uncomfortable and said, send me home. And then all of a sudden the blackberries they had at the time from the agents on the detail started to suspiciously disappear.


If you lose your equipment in the secret service, A, a, a, a system wide email goes out, Hey, note to sell Joey, bag of donuts, lost his blackberry. All of a sudden after this guy spoke up and said, send me home, the details, Blackberry started disappearing. You don't think that's a little bit suspicious? The timing of this is really weird. Are they trying to shut this guy up? I don't know, but this is gonna be a bigger case than you could imagine. Folks, the shirts are out there for you now. This is a new one. Paul just launched it today. Is it bad enough yet? Every this one I wear, I a whole bunch of people who know me in the show, they're like, I got a couple of yeses.


A lot of nos We'll see. I guess we'll see in the election. If Donald Trump wins in a landslide, the answer will be yes for once. But I'm not getting ahead of myself. But it's available now. Like I said, most of our, of the proceeds from it, all of our proceeds, me and Paula go off to charity, so it's for a good cause. We like to produce the shirts. We know you guys like 'em, so they're out there for you. Now the website is, what is it? Store do bon gino.com. That's store dot bon gino.com. We really appreciate your support and just a small favor to ask. If you wouldn't mind, give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. I I, I know it's not Rumble, that's our video home, but some of you may wanna listen just on audio sometime.


It helps us stay on the charts and a lot of the kids find us there so they're not listening to liberal propaganda. Please download the Rumble app, give us a follow. It is free and then rumble.com/bonino. If you wanna watch on your desktop, it's absolutely free. Unless you want a zero ad experience, you can sign up for Rumble Premium. We'd appreciate it. It's an Option for you. Thanks for tuning in. See you on the radio show here on Rumble In a little Bit, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.