
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino Folks, how many times do I have to say it? Layered? Incompetence is intent. Think about that for a second. I'm, I'm not trying to wax poetic. I'm not Emily Dickinson. Okay. I'm just making a simple statement of fact. When you layer a series of incompetent decisions on top of each other, over and over, leaving a kid in a hot car on a hot day, oh, I don't know what happened. The kid died because the kid was cooking in a hot car.


You left him in your dumb ass. Layered incompetence is intent. I am absolutely stunned at the media coverage of yet a second assassination attempt. And again, this celebratory lapse, taken, lapse, taken here, like this was some kind of success. Again, an uneventful failure is not a success. I'm gonna have to write this down so I don't forget to remind the audience again about this on the radio show. I, I'm really, I I can't. I just, I can't.


The media all this morning, the media commentary on this has been just atrocious on all sides. First, let's take a second to celebrate, to celebrate what another near assassination attempt President Trump. Am I the only one out there who opens the show going? What? The, just happened again. Started a little early, a couple minutes. 'cause folks, we got a lot to get to today. This is, I have the reason, just so you know, I didn't go live last night. Geese said he was like getting out of his pajamas, whatever he was playing flesh and blood getting ready to jump over, which I appreciate.


They're like, you know, ready to jump at a moment's notice and slide down the fire pole. Just not thankfully having to put out any fires, right? The reason I didn't go live last night is I'm working a really, really troubling angle of this story. And I felt it appropriate to just apply the Bongino rule on that one and just wait. So that's why. So let's, let me do me a favor. Let me get a couple of things done here. We're gonna dig right into the show. And I promise you, as always, the show you listened to today will be a month ahead of the news cycle. You will be well informed just like you were tragically the last time they tried to kill President Trump.


Obviously no weekend update. Today is a no time for silliness folks.


Everybody's talking about those weight loss injections 'cause the results are really dramatic. They work by lowering blood sugar and reducing your appetite. It's really simple, but what if you don't have any, a lot of money for these shots? They can be expensive and you don't like injections. That's why Brickhouse Nutrition's doctors created a supplement called Lean, LEAN. The results are incredible. I can personally vouch I lost about 28 pounds on it. Over the course of a couple months. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar and help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet, only has a few pounds to lose the docs at Brickhouse. They created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. Again, I can personally vouch for it. People ask how I lost weight. That's how you can get started with 15% off today in free rush shipping. Add lean to your Wellness and exercise plan. Visit take EA n.com and enter code Dan 15, Dan one, five for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been of value by the FDA. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


And I'm gonna read both sponsors today. They paid for the show and want to be here. That way we can minimize our break. So I hope you understand time's our most precious commodity folks. I've heard from many of our listeners who ask for advice about how they can spend it wisely to improve themselves and the events around them. That's why I'm excited. Hillsdale College is offering women 40 free online courses. They're amazing. I've been taking them. I really enjoy 'em. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis, the stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale's College of Online courses, all available for free. That's right, I said it right for free. I personally recommend one. I've been checking out for ancient Christianity. In this 11 lecture course, you'll study the inspiring stories of Jesus Christ, his apostles and faithful ones. Throughout the first four centuries of Christianity, you'll learn the arguments of Cree of key early Christian apologists who defended the Christian faith in the face of persecutions. Get smart today. Check these courses out. There're self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever and roll now in h ancient Christianity. Discover the improbable and miraculous story of Christianity. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ Bonino to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ Bonino to register hillsdale.edu/ Bonino.


Alright fellas, go bell. I didn't wanna ring, by the way, I'm sorry if my voice sounds a little funny. I promise you I'm not sick. I feel great. I slept awesome. I just have vicious allergies. The new house, there's a tree over there with some wicked pollen on it and that's why I'm having a little bit of an allergy issue. So forgive the sniffles. I know it's not the greatest sound effect, but you get the point, folks. Layered incompetence is intent. Okay? I've told you over and over that the Secret Service has failed the president, the leadership of the Secret Service, and let's bifurcate this for a second. The guys on the front line, the shift and the operators running the Donald Trump detail are not the bad guys. They have warned forever and ever and begged the secret service for assets to protect this president only to be brutally rebuffed.


Over and over there have been some enhancements 'cause the truth matters to Donald Trump's security since the Butler County Pennsylvania attack. There however, have not been enough because the same exact problem exists and the media coverage has been ridiculous. If I hear one more person, I don't care who you are, I heard this one commentator, former Secret service guy, get on TV this morning and and and what'd he say that this was like a, a, this was like a crowning moment for the Secret Service. Or like they should pop this champagne. Are you shitting me, bro? Is this for real? Another gunman with a long gun, fully capable, and within range of that long gun, whether it was an SKS or 7 62 platform fully within range, managed to infiltrate the middle slash outer perimeter could have gotten a shot off.


And we're somehow again saying like, well, at least we shot back this time. That's not enough. The fact that you're putting the shift, the Donald Trump detail, the DTD, they'll be referred to that way the rest of the show. To save time. You're putting the DTD in a spot where they have to constantly look around to see if their middle perimeter's been breached is not a success. Please stop. Because when you do that, you give the leadership at the top of the Secret Service, which has proved over and over again to be incompetent at what they do. You give them a pass by providing media protection.


Stop saying stupid stuff on tv. Stop. If a company made widgets, how many times do I have to use this damn example? They make ceiling fans whatever, and the ceiling fan blades consistently come loose and kill people on the ground below them hitting 'em in the face and the eyes. It's not a success because one guy managed to survive. The guy who's doing quality control needs to be fired, period. I don't understand why people think this is acceptable.


I hate running clips of myself, but this is important. I went to a congressional hearing up in DC How long ago? Gee, a month. I don't even know. Three weeks. I lose track of time. And I warned everyone that something else was going to happen. I'm gonna tell you at the end of this clip what I based that on. Because now the something else I warned about did happen. And I said at the time when I did it, we're not flagging this 'cause I don't wanna be right. I wanna be wrong. And I don't want another assassination attempt on President Trump. However, I knew I was right because I knew the same holes in the security plan existed that someone would basic, basic skills could breach it.


Here's a minute, 30 seconds of my testimony to Congressman Eli Crane warning, something else was gonna happen a month ago. And again, I was mocked and laughed at, but I'm starting to enjoy that 'cause it means I'll probably be right. And sadly tragically grotesquely, we were, take a Look. Mr. Bonino, in your opinion, is the secret service in a better spot today with Director Rowe in charge? No. It's, it's worse and, and sadly I'm glad this is all being recorded. 'cause when something else happens, And I hope it doesn't. I pray To my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ that I'm wrong. That you play this and go, look, that guy was crazy. You think this is the last incident and you're outta your mind.


We have seen these incidents over and over. We saw the Georgia Grenade incident with President Bush. They overtook the magnetometers, the Secret service leadership in charge now with the exact same people. Exact same. Can you imagine a C-suite at a company that makes widgets? We find out that there's a design defect. The widget explodes and kills 10 people and the CTO gets a promotion to CEO. You understand that's what happened here, correct? These are the same people. Kim Cheadle, the director wasn't even fired. She wasn't allowed to resign. She'll go get some cushy jobs somewhere. And her deputy, who is one of the guys behind these stupid waste of time, things like agents wearing red ties on the detail be This actually happened.


By the way, you, you, these people will tell you this under oath if you get the right people. He was concerned about the tie color of the agents on the detail because it seemed to imply he supported President Trump. Congressman Bigs wearing a red tie. You're wearing a semi red tie. It has nothing to do with anything. This is the kind of stuff the Secret Service was actually wasting their time with while withholding CSU counter surveillance assets and counter sniper assets from probably the most threatened man on earth. If you can explain it, good luck. 'cause that's not the agency I worked for. Again, Justin, what's the batting average? Absolutely.


Justin says to me this morning, if you'd stop being so good at this, this is one of the times you wanna be bad at this. What did I say in the beginning of that? I said, I'm really glad this is being recorded. You know why? 'cause I saw all the Kamala supporters and other, and all the media assholes who've been wrong about everything from collusion to the laptop to assassination attempts on President Trump. By the way, gee, if we got an apology yet from Daniel Akin from NBC for calling us conspiracy theorists that Trump was at risk of an assassination attempt. Has he called Michael? Has he called you? I'll have to check Avita. Have you heard from him yet? No, she has not either. No apologies from aol.


Dan Akin at NBC. Now that we've had two assassination attempts since he called me a conspiracy theorist for pointing out, there were security holes. msnbc, NBC's, Dan Akin still work in You gonna let him continue to write pieces? Folks, why was I so sure? Why did I say to you I'm glad I'm being recorded? Because folks, the Secret Service had two big problems. There's no way they can overcome And. I'm going to tell you, they still haven't overcome these problems and the security holes are still gonna be here two weeks from now. They'll get a bump for the next two weeks. Security bump and then it'll the same thing that happens every time in my history with the Secret Service.


They'll be short man power and they'll be like, we'll, just don't worry. We'll fix it. Winky, Winky nod. They have two problems. Media people. Get your pens out. I'm tired of having to teach you guys how to do your freaking jobs with your stupid coverage. We gotta celebrate with the secret services. No, no, but what those guys did, the DTD guys who've always been had and had Donald Trump's back, what they did was heroic. The Secret Service has effed up again. They deserve no accolades at all. What are you talking about? They have two problems. You got your pens. They have a training problem, folks.


It's a minimum. As a guy who did recruiting out of the Long Island office of the Secret Service, I did it. I was there. Daniel Larkin and the clown journalist class never did any of this stuff. So they can shut their mouths. It's a minimum, a minimum of six months to get an agent recruited in the pipeline and hired a minimum to get them hired. It's probably another three to four months after hiring them. Before you can coordinate what they call an SATC, A special agent training class. Because if I hire Michael in December, I don't send Michael to training by himself.


I've gotta send him with 24 to 48 guys, if it's a single or a double class media people get your freaking pens out. You dipshits. You need 24 to 48 guys. Smaller field offices are not gonna be able to run a background as quickly as the New York Field office that has a lot of agents. If you're recruiting a guy out of Omaha that has basically one guy doing recruiting, it could take a year. The Secret services had a manpower problem for 15 years. You're telling me they didn't know there was a campaign coming up?


If you can do basic math from the time of George Washington, you knew there was going to be a presidential campaign in 2020 and 2024. Did you not just add four years? It's not hard. It's a simple multiplication. Multiplication issue. So you're telling me an entity charged with protecting the president and presidential campaigns that knew about this campaign since shortly after the founding of the United States of America still has a manpower problem. They cannot solve for a minimum of probably three years.


Three, yes. Three, yes. That's what I'm telling you. Well, Dan, that means they're gonna have issues from now. Yes, exactly. Why do you think I said that to Congressman Crane? 'cause I'm stupid. I am the only commentator on the air, the only one I'm sure of it, who has run for office, been an instructor in the training academy, been in a major field office in New York and worked the president's detail for two presidents. There's no one else. It's me and no one else. You can go get your commentary from other people who have no idea what they're talking about. Or you can listen to this show and get the truth. So say it's you are at lightning speed.


You hire someone in six months and you get 'em to training the next day. It'll never happen. But say it does. You've now got nine months of training and probably three months of OJT on the job training before they're even semi competent post standards. Forget about the shift shift. You are talking about probably a year and a half minimum before you can even use them in supplemental roles. Forget about in advance work. They're not even close to fixing the problem. I don't even know how to, I really, they the I I just stunned at all the stupid commentary on you. They have a job.


Keep this guy alive. They can't do it, man. An uneventful failure is not a success. If the wheels come off a plane and it doesn't crash and they put out the fire and nobody gets hurt, does anybody sit there at the plane manufacturing company and go, yes, we owe a big debt of gratitude to Joey bag of Donuts aviation company. Nobody does that. Nobody is gonna keep this guy alive. But this show, because nobody's talking about it but us, everyone else has to come out with the perfunctory bullshit. Oh, we wanna thank you.


Think the agent who almost got killed, who what, by the way, was heroic in what he did. You think the agent who engaged this guy with his firearm who almost got killed himself, he was well within range of a 7, 6 2 round penetrating his body armor, which is in no way conditioned for that. You think this agent's taken a victory lap for the secret service management who put him in this spot who still can't secure the middle perimeter? I promise you he's not. It's gonna be the toughest portion of the show. As I understand. We're gonna ask a question that a lot of media people are gonna attack us on, but it's okay.


It's part of my business dealing with left wing communists and apro. Let get some water here, man. Sorry again, I promise you I feel fine. Just some bad allergies. I have to ask you all a really troubling question now that I promise you. 10 years ago, I would've called myself nuts for asking this. Is there a mole inside the DHS or Secret Service folks? I'm telling you, 10 years ago, I would've said Dan to myself, my future self.


You're nuts. I had a number of whistleblowers reach out to me last night asking this exact question. We know for a fact that foreign nationals have used social engineering to ingratiate themselves with secret service agents. We showed the story on the show a couple weeks ago. The the fake DHS agents, if you guys can pull that up, the fake DHS agents who made friends with the bunch of agents in the Secret Service turned out to be foreign nationals. They got arrested. If you can find the story, I'm sorry we, we put it up last week, but you know the story. If we can get it, we can get it.


Again. I'm sorry about the sniffles. My apologies folks. I know it's annoying. I just have a little bit of allergy issues today. I didn't know. That's irritating. So forgive me. We know people have tried to socially engineer their way to get access to the Secret Service. Is there a mole? Why would I bring that up folks? What happened yesterday in Secret Service jargon, the movement to the golf, the golf course. Donald Trump going to play golf at the golf course is what we call an OTR stands for an off the record movement, meaning it's not on the official schedule, meaning very few people have access to it. What makes me even more curious about what happened yesterday is apparently the decision of golf was made.


The last minute, meaning there were probably when the decision was made, less than 10 people who knew about it. How'd this guy know how to set up there? Folks, this alleged shooter is not from here. When I say here, I only live about 20 miles away from where this, where this maybe 30 miles away from where this golf course is. I've been there. I know it. My, the subject was arrested by our sheriff in Martin County, bill Snyder and his guys who are awesome.


So when you hear Martin County, that's where I live. I know this area as well as anyone. He And I. Were GE lived here a while too. We were talking about it this morning. Nobody knows this better than us. He was not from here. Maybe at the end of that, but he was not from here. How did he know how to set up and where to set up and that Trump was gonna be there? Folks, the mole may not be a foreign national themselves. I don't want you to think Jason Bourne's stuff. Don't overcomplicate. What doesn't need to be over complicated.


Is there a honeypot trap going on in the Secret Service? Is there a guy or a woman in the Secret Service having a relationship with someone who is not who they say they are? The Iranians have been running these traps in Israel and elsewhere. The Iranians who wanna kill President Trump and have a have a documented multi-year history of trying to get a long range sniper threat against President Trump. Folks, how do we know that this, that there's not some kind of honeypot trap and that some agent or some DHS personnel, someone who has to be notified is not in a relationship with someone.


It is time to start asking serious questions. The Hack Propagandist Media, which has already forgotten about Donald Trump being shot in the head just a couple months ago, absolutely refuses to ask, but I'm gonna ask it. There was an incident when I was there in training, and I'm telling you the quality control here when it comes to spy stuff, Hey, gimme, forget that story for a minute. Pull this one up, pull the one up. We we, me and the guy in the Moscow thing, the spy, the Mo, the Moscow. But just put in Secret Service spy Russian Embassy. Moscow, I wanna show you something. I was involved in the quality control.


Once you get on the job, ladies and gentlemen is not there. If there was an agent who has been infiltrated and compromised, folks, it is almost impossible that the Secret Service would know here. Thank you Paula. Put that up on the screen. I'm gonna tell you this story again. Media people. Get your mother pens out. I was there. Look at this story in The Guardian from 2018, suspected Russian spy found working at the US Embassy in Moscow. Ladies and gentlemen, I know this spy personally. Why? Because we outed her.


How Dan in 2018, you left the job in 2011. Exactly. How did you out her? Because I was in Moscow. This is a story told about the bar, right? That's damn right. I was in Moscow in 2005 with this spy and we sent an email to people in power on a temporary assignment to Moscow. This woman's a freaking spy. The email's out there, someone should forehead. And you know what they told us? Keep your mouth shut. She's not a spy. We're working with her. Trust us. She's a spy.


That's our story. Oh, you think I'm making it up? Media people. Dan Arc can grow a pair of balls. foia, the Secret Service for any emails sent about the Moscow Embassy and the woman working in there, her name was Anna. Around that time, you'll see I'm right. No one wants to ask this question. Has the Secret service been compromised? How did he know to set up there? Folks, do you wanna know how OTRs work? Again, media folks take notes. The way an off the record movement works is there are very few people who are read in on the program, the reason being the old way of securing an off the record movement in contrast to a schedule.


So let me give you an example so I'm not talking in jargon. A Trump rally with 10,000 people is gonna be a scheduled on the record movement. The security plan is gonna be different for that. If say the president wanna stop at a lemonade stand on the way back and buy some lemonade for a photo op that's called an OTR, it's not on the schedule. They usually flip the script last minute. OTRs can be really dangerous off the record movements because there's almost never as much security there. Now why do we let them do it then? Because as I've said to you a thousand times on this show, over the course of 10 years, the logic behind an off the record movement is if we didn't know we were going there, then the jackal doesn't know either.


The jackal's always a secret service jargon term for the assassin from the movie you know about, right? However, here's the problem. Now, the OTR security plan, which is lighter than an on the record movement security plan, it's time to throw that out. You know why 10, 15 years ago, Twitter wasn't as popular. These things weren't as popular. Cell phones didn't have these special mega zoom ins that are better than regular cameras. Now, president Trump goes to golf within seconds. The whole world knows OTRs, the security. Pardon my language is shit.


And you know what the Secret Service is gonna say? Instead of evolving their OTR off the record movement security plan, this whole golf course should have been shut down period. You know what they're gonna say to management? Well, that's the way we've always done it and it failed. We used to build cars a certain way too with thin tires and spokes and everything, and we figured out that was a really uncomfortable ride. Do you know that people evolve? The Secret Service doesn't. So having said that, that the OTR, off the record, let me give you the pros and the cons. So I give you both sides as a former agent and an analyst in the media Now who actually does reporting work, okay?


Someone's calling me from no caller ID can only imagine who this is. No caller ID is always serious. I'm serious right now. I see it. I look, whoever it is, stop calling me because I know what it's about and no, I'm not gonna shut up. Let me give you both sides of this. Say this guy is just some lunatic, the alleged shooter here. Say he's just some crazy person. Okay? No connections to anyone. I'm not telling you I believe that, but I have to fairly and objectively give you both sides. How did he know to get there? Well, like what I just said, that's why I set it up that way.


Given the ubiquitous nature of social media off the record, movements really are, and off the record anymore, anyone who saw Donald Trump's motorcade leave Mar-a-Lago only had to be doing some basic pre-op surveillance. And by the time he got to whole six, if you saw him make a right and a couple lefts, you could pretty much assume he was going to golf on the weekends. I'm not telling you, I'm just giving you both sides. So hear me out. This is what smart people do. Unlike liberals, we use Reason. He could have figured it out based on just a few terms with a minimal amount of pre-operation surveillance. And that may be why he set up at that hole. And when he set up at the hole at the fifth and sixth hole that's right at Congress, And I think summit over there.


I'm very familiar with it. It may have just been that he's been sitting there doing pre-op surveillance for a while and got lucky on a weekend figuring he was gonna golf folks. I'm leaning towards that not being the explanation anymore at this point. I'm gonna tell you why. This guy, I think, was connected to some larger network. And I. Think there may be some mole here. I could be wrong later, but I'm giving you both sides of it. He's not from here. This guy is not from this area. It's really weird that he would come in here and know exactly that spot and have a good vibe that he was not gonna be detected in in any kind of pre-operation.


Surveillance by the Secret Service. Was he tipped off that he was gonna be there? Is there a state actor involved? Are the Iranians involved somehow? I don't know. But the media, media, it's their job and they won't do it to be asking questions right now. I want you to watch a CNN clip. I know it's CNN. However, this, this segment is not terrible. There's a CNN commentator. I know this guy from New York politics. Well, he's talking about the GoPro camera. Why was this guy looking to record this folks?


He's basically recording his own crime. Why was he looking to record it? Folks in the chat who records murders and acts of terror like this, yes, terrorists for propaganda purposes. Why was this guy recording this? Why do he have ceramic plates up there? How did he get there with this rifle? Nobody saw him. Watch this clip. You'll see what I mean. Check this out. In the area of the shooting sources say they recovered a backpack and the semi-automatic rifle. It was described as an AK 47 in the preliminary reporting and a GoPro camera.


The last piece is very interesting because it suggests if there was such a camera there that this individual may have wanted to record him himself in a first person doing the shooting. So a lot of questions to be answered. Is the suspect they have the right person? Is that the right car? You know, the weapon that they have has to be processed for evidence and ballistics. If there's video on that camera, if in fact it was recovered as we are told, what will that tell them? But that is what we are seeing right now. Folks. Two bid criminals with no connections, don't record their crimes for evidence later on and give up that easily.


Okay? It leads me to believe that this guy may have been working with a larger network. And if you're not asking these questions right now, then you're doing it wrong in the media. I wanna show you one more reason before we get to, I'm gonna just take a quick break, but I wanna show you one more reason that there is a strong possibility. Possibility that this guy may be connected to a state actor or some other network of people. This lone gunman thing is getting hard to believe. Both of these shooters found holes, unique holes from a long distance threat in a security plan that should have been locked down.


Someone, let me show you what I mean. Put up the Grassley report. Senator Chuck Grassley Republican put out this report last week. Folks, the Secret Service has known about a long range threat coming from the Iranians for a long time. They have known about it for years. A terrorist country. It's right here in the Grassley report. The records he got Reveal Iranian backed plotters discussing potentially targeting American politicians, including Trump and Biden and Haley, a Pakistani native with Iranian ties who the DO J's charged for his involvement in the scheme provided the evidence in an FBI proffer.


A proffer is what we call a king for a day deal. When a bad guy comes in with his lawyer and talks to the FBI and he's given kind of immunity for what he says, as long as he doesn't lie. So there's no reason for him to make it up or else they can charge him this guy. The, according to the leak this source went, it was working with people from Iran on a long range threat. In other words, a sniper threat. The Secret Service did not have it secured. A guy waltzed in three to 500 yards away with a rifle, perfectly capable of killing Trump yet again. Why is anybody taking a Victory Lab?


Is this the only show asking questions? Why are you putting these? You think these Donald Trump detail guys wanna be at the, you think they wanna be killed? You think they go out there going, Hey someone shoot me today. Because we can't get freaking assets from headquarters. They are not the bad guys. Let me take a quick break. I warned you about something else too. I warned you about protection by title. Not protection by threat. Unfortunately, right? Again, the Secret Service can't do the job anymore.


Folks, take the DTD guys. Start a different entity or put them under a separate DHS branch disband. We don't need more government agencies. Just disband this one. Put them in a separate Ep Executive protection branch. Move the PPD Presidential Protection Division guys over there. Get rid of the ones who can't cut it and get a whole new leadership team. They can't do it. It's over. You've had two shots, it's done. Someone's gonna get killed. Someone else in addition to Corey Comparator Again, I'm sorry about it. If you just tuned in, I got a little bit of allergies today, so if I have to sneeze, forgive me, I don't have a cough button here. And the new studio, we'll have one.


Hey, it's time for tailgating season Of course. Cookouts with a lot more grilling left in the season. The experts at Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Summer with 50% off Sitewide during their Labor Day sale. Plus you get an extra $20 off of my promo code Bond. Gino is my favorite food. Been a customer for a long time of Omaha Steaks 'cause it's just delicious. Omaha Steaks brings you endless flavor, endless variety and endless value with premium proteins. Sure to satisfy. And it doesn't stop there. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious sides and Of course decadent desserts to sweeten the deals, my favorite food at night, cook it all the time. Whether you're having a cookout or getting fired up for Tailgating Saver Summer with 50% off Sitewide during the Omaha Steaks Labor Day Sale. Shop today at Omaha Steaks dot com and get an extra $20 off when you use promo code. Bon Gino, B-O-N-G-I-N-O at checkout. Plus every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details


and our last sponsor and I'll get back to the show. I always appreciate your patience.


One of my favorite companies, folks, you know, I live a life hack fitness lifestyle. I'm obsessed with it after the cancer bout I, I just committed to a really healthy lifestyle and strength training's where it's at. It's not good enough to do cardio. You, it was, you're getting older, you're losing muscle mass by the day. A lot of you don't have time to go to the gym. I didn't. So I was looking online and that's how I found this company. Get jacked up. Get Jacked Up is a made jacked up. Fitness is incredible. I looked, I found their, one of their Instagram pages, I liked one of their posts and they reached out, jacked up includes full body workout videos too. If you don't know how to work out, no problem. You just push and play. They're donating a bunch of machines to Wounded Warrior Project two. They're very charitable. This is the machine in my house, my jacked up fitness, all in one machine. I can't say enough about it. It is flawless. I love this machine. Everything from pull downs to bench presses to squats to deadlifts, low cables, triceps, biceps, whatever you wanna do. It is probably my prized asset right now. Check it out. Pick one up today. Go to get jacked up.com. That's get jacked up.com exclusive promo code for my listeners. Use promo code Bonino at checkout and you'll get 10% off. That's get jacked up.com. Can't recommend 'em enough. Great company.


Alright, back to the show folks. I warned you repeatedly about protection by title. The people on TV giving some of the dumbest commentary I've ever heard. Keep saying, I heard it this morning again on cable news. I was scrolling through the channels and one of these alleged security experts got on and said, well, you gotta understand Donald Trump doesn't have the same security footprint for the president because he doesn't have the nuclear football. Please shut up. Please stop saying that. It is the dumbest comment I have ever heard. And if you hear that on tv, turn the channel off right away. You're listening to a moron. It has nothing to do with it.


The secret service for the 10000th time does not secure the freaking nuclear football media. People get your pens out. Again. We do not secure the nuclear football. Do I need to say it again? There is a separate military unit that does that. We don't do it. It has nothing to do with anything. I will give you another example from morons in the media who are trying to apologize for President Trump not having enough security and coming within a hair of being assassinated twice.


When the Pope comes to the United States, he gets a bigger security package than the President does. I know I've been there. I've seen it. He doesn't have the nuclear football. And you know why the Secret Service does it? I'll tell you the line they told me. Many of you P ones have heard it before. 'cause you don't want the, the head of the Catholic Church assassinated in your country. There's a lot of Catholics in the world and his threat level's high. That's what I was told. So you protect the Pope at a level 100, the president at a 99, and Trump at a 70. Does that make any sense?


If I hear one more person say this, I'm gonna throw up in my freaking mouth. Stop saying stupid stuff. The nuclear, you don't know what you're talking about. The reason they're not securing President Trump's life properly is only one of two reasons and maybe a combination. Number one is that's the way we've always done it. No, you mean they just do it even though it failed because that's the way they've always done it. Yes. That's been the motto in the Secret Service for 30 years. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Then someone gets killed and then fix it. They still haven't fixed it here. You doubt me. Maybe you're a liberal like Dan Arkin and you're watching this show humiliated yet again for being a dumb ass, right?


So you're a liberal journalist and you're looking for an excuse why President Trump shouldn't be getting extra security. Here is a great guy, sheriff Bradshaw down in Palm Beach County just south of me. Another really good sheriff here he is saying the quiet part out loud that Hey man, if President Trump was president, we would've had this whole street locked down. But we didn't. You don't need to believe me. You're crazy not to. But whatevs. You don't wanna believe me here, listen to the sheriff. He's a devil. How was This able to happen? And for future reference, is there any up security of a golf course? Well, you gotta understand, the golf course is surrounded by shrubbery. So some, when somebody gets into the shrubbery, they're pretty much out of sight, alright?


And at this level that he is at right now, he's not the city president. If he was, we would've had this higher golf course around it. But because he's not, the security is limited to the areas that the Secret Service deems possible. So I would imagine the next time he comes at a golf course, there'll probably be a little bit more people around the perimeter. Why next time? Why not now? Why not now? 'cause they can't do the job. Is there a single reason that street wasn't closed down? And again, media jerk wads, I know you know nothing about any of this, but just like everything else, you'll comment on it anyway.


Well, Dan, what do you know about golf courses specifically? I'll tell you, I've only secured probably 10 or 20 of them. I took a trip with Barack Obama to Martha's Vineyard. I was there for about a month. He was there for about, I don't know, a week and a half. Barack Obama went to golf on a golf course on Martha's Vineyard. I encourage all of you to go to Google Maps and look it up. There were a few out there, but it was, I think there were two. The one we went to at around the halfway mark, I don't know, the sixth to the ninth hole. There's a hole there that is really, really close to the street. I know, because I did. I was the lead advance on the trip. The site agent said, well, what do you wanna do? I said, we gotta shut it down. We can't have people driving on that street. And you know what?


When he's closed. So when he was within a few holes, we shut it down and then maybe we can open it up and sweep the cars and say, go by making sure nobody's, that's what we did. We shut it down. Why didn't they do that for President Trump? Because that's the way they've always done it, because he's a former president and like the nuclear codes or something. So you're gonna let him get shot because that's the way you've always done it. Yeah. But we should celebrate another great job putting the Donald Trump detail guys and President Trump in the line of fire again. But Ron Row will probably get another promotion. The acting director, he'll be the super acting director now. He'll be the acting director emeritus like forever with a cash bonus.


Nobody, nobody's gonna get fired. No one, I promise you. But Joe Biden will fire no one over this. The first thing, producer Jim texted me when this broker says, Ron Roe needs to be fired right now. No, no, no one's gonna get fired. Nobody. No one's gonna get, no, everybody, everything's okay folks, twice in a few months, president Trump nearly murdered. Don't worry about it. And again, in case you think, oh, I get rid of you, Johnny, come lately. I've actually written books about this, entire books about this years ago. Listen, I'm not trying to sell you no damn books. Okay? Get 'em from the library again. I don't care. I promise you I don't want anybody's money. Borrow it from a friend. Read it on. I don't care.


I wrote about this, I think back in 2010 in a book called Protecting the President. You can go look at the, the exact things that are happening now. I wrote about, eh, only like 14 years ago. Here I am warning Congresswoman Matt Gaetz, just a month ago about exactly this problem. How we do this protection by title and not by threat, which is going to get someone killed. An assassin who hates Donald Trump doesn't give a shit if he's the president or the former president, nor do the Iranians. When is this gonna sink in after his head gets blown up on live TV again, I was sick of this bullshit.


Yeah, but let's take another victory lap folks. Here's me talking to Congressman Gates. Check this out. It's like, what should we think about imputing malice at a point in which Donald Trump, one of the most, the one of the most threatened people on the planet Earth is having, is having to endure these denials and this culture of limited protection while you're seeing other details, you know, beefed up substantially. I think And I, I, I don't think I put this out yet, but I'll I'll put it out there now. When I was there, it was definitely not a political enterprise. It, it just wasn't, I'd never once working for President Clinton, Bush and Obama had anyone even remotely implicate a political motive for any decision whatsoever.


However, from the commentary directed at some of the agents in charge of the Donald Trump detail, which I have heard about clearly, it appears that for the first time in American history, we have a secret service that is making decisions that may not be all political, but may have a political tinge to them. So what you're saying, I would love to say, Congressman, that's the craziest thing I've ever heard. But I tell you, with a pure heart, and I'm, I'm being absolutely candid, I have no skin in this game. I don't work there anymore. I'm not their PR guy. I run my own business. I absolutely believe Donald Trump and an enhanced security posture he should have had, would've made him look more presidential, would've facilitate, facilitated the logistical operation of him traveling.


I think they were concerned about optics and making him look like a big shot or whatever, you know, word you wanna throw out there. And they were making some of these decisions based purely on grade school level politics. I, I don't wanna believe that, but I didn't wanna believe it with the FBI either. I didn't believe it with the FBI initially, when someone called me almost 10 years ago and told me, I think the FBI is spying on President Trump. I said, my gosh, that or the time candidate Trump when he was, I was like, I think that's crazy, but let me look into it. I wound up exposing it in the book folks. I don't wanna believe this stuff either. But I think we have to ask two really serious questions after yesterday.


Number one, we asked earlier in the hour, for those of you who are just tuning in, Is, There, A Mole, Inside The, Secret Service is someone being honey potted? Is someone a woman or a man in some relationship with someone, they're feeding information. How the hell did this guy know to set up there? Is he working with someone else? If you're not asking that question right now, you are not even remotely interested in keeping Protectees alive. You're not. You're just a fool and a tool for the deep state and you should just shut your mouth 'cause you're hurting the cause. The second question, we allocate security based on title. It is the single dumbest thing I have ever seen in my life and is going to get President Trump killed.


I'm telling you right now, I told you that was not the last incident. Unfortunately, I was right. Everyone else was wrong. But the second big question you need to ask is, is there a political motive for the, for the inadequate security footprint around President Trump? Now for those management agents in the Secret Service? Oh my gosh, how dare you? How dare I ask that? What if I told you whistleblowers better be real careful, by the way, about where you go with this. You guys, not me, multiple whistleblowers who will obviously remain nameless with direct experience with headquarters, and every other person out there involved in this management chain have repeatedly said to me that there was probably a political tinge to this entire thing.


The exactly what I told Congressman Gates, which I'll swear to under oath, I'm not gonna tell you who they are, but I promise you they're there. When they're ready to come forward, they will. But they are absolutely sure that there was some other motive, likely political that determined the security footprint around President Trump because they just didn't wanna make 'em look presidential. Let me repeat to you a quote. Someone told someone asking for security assets at Mar-a-Lago, the quote was very simple. That person said, we don't secure nightclubs or social clubs, whatever term they used.


You don't. What if the guy running for president owns a social club like Mar-a-Lago, you're gonna let him get killed because, quote, you don't secure nightclubs and the security systems they needed were only added after someone infiltrated Mar-a-Lago and made it really far into the compound. Did you know that? We covered it on the show. Remember that CBS news article we put up and everybody conveniently forgot about ano, the security plan changed at Mar-a-Lago after the infiltration of Mar-a-Lago. Why do you think that is? Because some of the same people who were asking for security, who were rebuffed, likely for political reasons, ah, screw Donald Trump.


We don't secure nightclubs. Realize that them not securing nightclubs or social clubs is what led to a massive security incident that they tried to wormhole and throw into another galaxy. But I assure you it happened. Coverage is there. You can see it yourself. Put in intruder Mar-a-Lago, CBS. You can read the article yourself, and you'll notice right after that there was a bump up in the multimillion dollar security plan asked for, for Mar-a-Lago. You think that was a coincidence? Folks, there's a paper trail here. None of this is going away.


I'm gonna ask you again. We got the most threatened man on earth, Donald Trump. It's not even close. I'm gonna ask some questions now, some uncomfortable ones. Where were the counter sniper assets? If they were there, what were they doing? Remember the whistleblower memo from counter sniper? The counter sniper guy? Well, I know who he is. He's a good man saying, we don't have enough guys to cover this. You're gonna get someone hurt. Sorry, I don't wanna miss this. Folks where were the counter sniper assets to take out a sniper who again infiltrated the outer, the mid, mid to outer perimeter, where folks, from what we know of early reporting, this guy did not have a gili suit on.


Do you know what a gili suit is? A gili suit is a camouflage disguise, which is nearly impossible to pick out. If this subject was sitting in the wood line with a Gilly suit and hadn't poked out the barrel of his rifle, we may be having a different conversation today, folks. You can get a Gilly suit probably on Amazon or somewhere else. I would guess for a couple hundred bucks, maybe less. You think the Iranians aren't thinking of this right now? Where were the counters sniper assets? Were they not given enough? Where were the counter-surveillance teams? The counter-surveillance teams, these units, P prowl around the perimeter.


Their sole purpose is to find cars that don't belong. Where did this guy park? How did he walk in with a rifle to the fence line? How did nobody see him? How come there were no post standers at each hole? Where was the CSU team? Is anyone in the media gonna stop with the victory lap and ask questions? That's your freaking job. If it was President Biden, god forbid you'd be interviewing this guy's kindergarten teacher right now. Oh, there look a gili suit right there. How much is it guys? 25 bucks. This is real. They just found this in the seconds. Here's a gili suit for adult xl.


$25 on sale. On sale. Folks, imagine him in a gili suit. Would've been smarter. President Trump be dead right now. How did they not see him? Can we stop with the bullshit? Victory lapse, please? How does Ron Rose still have a job? Where were the CSU teams? Where were the optics, the surveillance optics? Now granted it was, it was not. Was it like 90 plus yesterday in Florida, thermal imagery may not be helpful in a really hot day, but I'd rather have it than not.


Where were the thermals? Where was the forward looking infrared? Where was the drone surveillance? How did you miss this guy? Thermals or IR should have caught this guy sticking out like that. You are telling me again for the second time, protective intelligence teams that basically are roaming around counter surveillance teams, counter sniper teams, drone assets, and nobody detected this guy again. He had time to set up, clip a couple ceramic ballistic plates to a fence, set up a GoPro and sit on the president's position.


Where's the helicopter surveillance? Oh, Dan, they don't use that. Actually we do. It's got its own code name, which I'll leave out. How come President Trump doesn't have it all the time? The helicopter would've flee. Would've picked this guy out like that. How come they didn't? The answer is because the asset wasn't there. That's why. Why? Because that's the way we've always done it, folks, this, listen to me, listen close. If this continues, he's not gonna make it to inauguration day, even if he wins.


Do you hear what I just said? There's something that has to happen today. Congressman Chip Roy, Congressman Crane, Congressman Biggs. Congressman Mills is the guys who seem to really, really care about what happened. We did that hearing up there. Forgive me if I'm leaving anyone out. I'm asking you guys, 'cause you seem to be the ones intensely concerned with keeping the president and potentially next president alive. There's something you need to get started on right now, right now, meaning 10 minutes ago.


If someone doesn't pass legislation, reforming 18 USC 30 56 18, title 18 of the United States Code Section 30 56, that gives the secret service its power. If someone doesn't pass legislation today, reforming that and removing their investigative function, I'm sorry, but you guys are behind the eight ball. There is absolutely no reason in a historic manpower crisis with the United States Secret Service after two assassination threats that you should have agents running out $20 counterfeit bill investigations at a seven 11 in Waukesha late at night, or you have, you have absolutely no excuse for that at all.


The Secret Service should not be conducting investigations anymore. It is draining their manpower. It is draining their budget, and I'm telling you why they do it. They do it because they can investigate financial crimes and the guys in headquarters can make friends with the banks they're investigating the financial crimes for and they all get cushy jobs. It's not a coincidence that if you go look at the heads of security for major banks, they're one or two people. They're either Secret Service or FBI and they're making like a half a million a year. That's the only reason the Secret Service is doing investigations. Anyone telling you otherwise is lying to you. There should be legislation passed and signed by Joe Biden today that polls the investigative role from the Secret Service and releases those agents.


They can clean up their casework, give those cases over to IRS, take to FBI, whatever it is. They should only be doing protection and protection. Protective intelligence, anyone telling you otherwise, is absolutely full of shit. Finally, what would we do without the disgusting, grotesque, communist media analysis in this country? Obviously the media, the real threat to democracy, the Dan Arkins of the world who didn't scare. If Dan Arkin hadn't written that piece at NBC scaring other people off from talking about the lapses in security around President Trump when he attacked me and Tucker Carlson for saying President Trump was in danger, they may have reformed their security plan.


Instead, assholes like that are the real threat to democracy. Of course NBC is always a source of communist propaganda. Here's Lester Holt. This actually aired. This is not a joke. It's not ai. Here's the disgusting Lester halt. An obvious communist obvious blaming Donald Trump or implying Donald Trump's at fault for Donald Trump repeatedly getting shot at or people attempting to murder him with high powered rifles. It happened. Check this out. Today's apparent assassination attempt comes amid increasingly fierce rhetoric on the campaign trail itself. Mr. Trump, his running mate, JD Vans, continue to make baseless claims about Haitian immigrants in Ohio this weekend.


There were new bomb threats in that town. Our Maggie Vespa is in Columbus, Ohio with more Leicester simply puts Springfield, Ohio has been inundated by threats That that actually aired. So just to be clear, if you're a communist, like this piece of garbage here, Lester Holt, if you're a commun like him, we're being invaded by illegal immigrants from all over the world. If you talk about it, you incite violence. If you even mention it's a problem, you incite violence. If you are addressing in any way any liberal Democrat in a way they don't like your inciting violence, except when you call President Trump, a fascist Nazi threat to democracy, who's gonna murder babies and old people and stuff, and then he gets shot at twice.


That's definitely not inciting violence. That's definitely not inciting violence at all. They're not. They're not at fault at all. It's just, it's us. It's our side's. The problem repeatedly condemn political violence on your show. You're inciting violence. Actually call for the elimination of Donald Trump like Democrats have done on cable news. Definitely not inciting violence. Sorry, that sneeze has been dying to come out. The whole show. These people, the real threat to democracy is the American media and the increasingly radical violent left. These people are disgusting folks. I gotta run. I got a radio show coming up in a few minutes.


If you want to continue coverage of this, you can stay here on Rumble. The radio show is live there. If you want all three hours, you can subscribe to locals. The last hour is on locals. If you wanna subscribe to Rumble Premium 'cause you don't like the ads, that's fine, but the show is free. Rumble Premium is there for you. We'd appreciate it if you check it out. Download the Rumble app. Make sure you sign up and give us a follow as well. Just click that button, it's absolutely free. Rumble dot com slash Bonino or download the Rumble app and please give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. The show has been tearing up the charts there. I promise I have more on this. People are screaming to me. I've got whistleblowers reaching out everywhere. Do not miss Tomorrow's show. I promise you we'll have updates on this story and more.


Let's keep this guy alive and God bless America and all those who defend her. See you in a little bit. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.