
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Ladies and gentlemen, Whenever I start a show that way You know, You know there's trouble. I am begging you as your friend, your, your, your, your, your fellow mate in the trenches here in this war for liberty and freedom to please, please in the name of all the holy apply the Bongino rule right now. Do not jump to any conclusions about anything you're hearing 60 days prior to an election about conservatives Trump and Russia.


There's a 90% chance, maybe higher, maybe higher, that everything you're hearing is bullshit. I got a big show today, I, I don't even know how to describe, right. How do we even describe this mess? This is how many notes I had to take on top of notes in the margins of notes just to make sure I don't miss anything today. Don't go anywhere


beam's. Labor Day sales. Here's never been a better time to finally try Beams. Dream powder stuff's been a game changer for me. get some sleep, find it at chop Beam dot com slash bonino.


I got that. I'm hoping to get to the Secret Service stuff, but this Russia hoax You know iteration number 25,642. Everybody, stay calm. I'm gonna explain to you exactly what I think and I'm reasonably confident is going on.


I'm a proud American means if you come after me, I will be prepared. Who do I rely on for preparedness? Always my Patriot Supply. Their mega three month emergency food kit comes jam packed with 33 varieties of filling in delicious foods. That includes creamy chicken flavored rice, old fashioned Italian spaghetti and savory cheesy broccoli soup. But you also get a bonus protein kit with diced beef, flavorful chicken, and three varieties of beans, plus nine different fruits, vegetables, and snacks. This emergency food kit will keep you well fed with 2,500 calories a day in an emergency and ready for anything. It is my solemn duty and yours to protect yourself and your family. Do not rely on the government and emergency to feed you. They can't even feed themselves. That starts with food you can depend on for up to 25 years. So go today. Don't wait. My patriot supply.com. Save $300 on your mega three month emergency food kit. It ships fast, And it ships free. Go to my patriot supply.com, save $300 on your kit, my patriot supply.com.


If there was ever the need for the bell today, fellas, today is it. The Bonino rule is in effect. Everybody, please, I'm asking you to not stand down, but just stand easy for a moment. The Justice Department, Merrick Garland, Lisa Monaco, Christopher Ray, basically all the people roped into Russiagate, Spygate, and every major hoax of the last six to 10 years, right? Are again telling you Russia, whenever they scream Russia, you should scream Braveheart style. Hold, hold.


Remember with the spikes of the, the horses. Everyone hold as always, I like to give the bottom line up front. So, we can provide layered context for the show. There are two critical points I'm gonna make that are triage wise the most important, and then three more. But these two you need to take away right away. The press conference yesterday claiming Russia's interfering in the election trying to help Donald Trump is clearly a plot to tar conservative voices in anticipation of the campaign of the, of the election.


Them roping in, I'll give you an example of what they did. They roped in guys, I know I I know Benny Johnson, I know Tim Poole. I don't know Lauren Chen well, we met one time at a, at a a conservative review thing. I don't even know if we met him. I mean, But I, I don't know her that well. I don't know Lauren Southern. I mean, I know who they are. But I know Benny And, I know Tim Poole. They the Lauren Chen stuff is different. And again, these are all allegations. Everybody's obviously entitled to due process, especially from this government. This is obviously a plot before the election to get you to distrust conservative voices.


I'm seeing it already, ladies and gentlemen. The Bonino team So, we and By, the way this is a, I'm, I'm hesitant to even say this 'cause it comes off like a when did you stop beating your wife? Answer to a ridiculous question that wasn't even asked. But because I know and I'm seeing it already, every conservative on Twitter with a following is seeing it this morning. The liberals needed something prior to an election because they're losing and they know they're losing the fake Kamala Harris AstroTurf bullshit is over. The polls are turning. Donald Trump put in a fantastic performance last night on the Hannity Town Hall. They are in deep shit, and they know it.


They need a Russia hoax so that everyone can respond to a conservative on Twitter and say, what folks? You guessed it, oh, are you paid by Russia too? That's the only reason they did this. Go look at my Twitter feed folks. I'm an investor in Rumble, okay? We do not take money from outside investors in Bonino Inc. Do you understand that? Our we are the advertisers are ads You know they're ads because they're freaking ads. We do not take money from external funders who fund this show.


It is funded by Bonino Inc. And the President You know who it is. It's bonino me. We do not take money. I'm I'm, you guys wanna take money out, that's fine. I'm not like trying to pile on anyone. I I it's not my business. We, I am an inve. I give money, I invest money in places like Rumble. Rumble is banned in Russia because Rumble is a free speech platform and some jerk wads in Russia wanted us to pull down content And, we said, and they said, you're banned here.


So it's kind of funny to see asshole liberals who are the dumbest mother on the planet. There's no close, there's no close. Say there's liberals and like speckle toad, sloths. That's how dumb they are. I like, are you Russian too? Yeah, yeah. I I'm a big Russian stog. I I'm banned in Russia. Did you, did You know that dumb asses? I invest in a company that's literally banned in in Russia, you stupid mother, but do You. see how it already works for them? Because Merrick Garland and Joe Biden know for a fact their followers are as dumb as a box of rocks.


They put this thing out there and go, Hey, Dave Rubin, Benny Johnson, Tim Poole, they're Russian hinting their Russian stooges. And yet if you actually read the indictment, which dumbass liberals will never do, it says clear as day that they had no idea who these funders were. Folks, you have problems with them taking money from investors. Fine, you, you, you are entitled to an opinion. I know these guys, I've been on their shows. If you think these guys are Putin stooge agents, I'm sorry, you're as dumb as the liberals.


Should they have done more due diligence? I don't know, folks. That's not how I run my business. That's their business. But if you think these guys are Russian stooges, you're outta your mind. And the government doesn't either because If, you read the indictment. Some of them said they weren't even contacted by the DOJ by By. the way, this is all information coming from the same FBI and DOJ that has lied to you in the past. So 0.1, this is a plot to diminish conservative voices. Every conservative from this point on on social media is gonna have some dumb ass, dumb as a box of rocks liberal comment on Facebook or Twitter.


Are you rushing to, they're not gonna mention the fact that the governor of New York, Eric Swalwell and Diane Feinstein, three of the most powerful Democrats in the country at one point, right, have all been incredibly accused of being complicit, being complicit in a Chinese Communist party effort to infiltrate their operations. No one's gonna mention that. Meanwhile, the indictment here says, these guys didn't know anything about it, but yet they're guilty. Go read the Twitter 20. Are you Russia too? Yeah, Russia. We're abandoned. Russia. You dumb sons of bitch. You're so stupid.


You are so dumb. It's like I thank the Lord every day. I'm not a liberal. I mean it. Here's my second point, and this is something a lot of people need to be concerned about the allegations and they are allegations by a corrupted FBI and DOJ. Keep that in mind. The Bongino rule is in effect, I have drawn no conclusions. And, you shouldn't, neither Lauren Chen is entitled to due process like anyone else. She is accused, accused in all caps in the indictment. It's out there. So we've gotta cover it.


Accused of taking some Russia connected money to start this media company to recruit conservative influencers, Benny, Tim Pool and others to basically get pro mu Russia messages out there, their accusations. That is all they are from a already corrupted enterprise. Keep that in mind, but I'd be remiss as a former federal agent to not warn people that given these accusations are other people. I'm not accusing anyone specifically. I want to be clear, are people working with the feds right now to try to ensnare other conservative influencers into this alleged alleged operation?


I'm just gonna say this, be very careful who you're emailing and be very careful who you're talking to and be very careful that you're not talking to someone working with the feds on the other end of the line You know what's interesting is when, when, when pp Hoaxers who were higher up officials in the DOJ when they were spying on Donald Trump, when they inadvertently say the quiet part out loud, here's an Andrew Weissman tweet if you think I'm crazy By, the way that you better be careful who you're talking to on the phone or anyone else. Here's Andrew Weissman, the the Bob Mueller guy.


He was Bob Mueller's chief lieutenant. This guy is one of the biggest Russia PP tape hoaxers out there. He tweeted this out last night. The new DOJ charging documents raise a curious question. DOJ charges two lower level employees of a Russia front company, but despite providing chapter and verse about the complicity of the two founders of that company, the founders are not charged. My suspicion based on DOJ experience is the founders were charged a while ago under seal and flipped, IE are cooperating with the US government. Now you may say, why would Andrew Weissman write that? He's not trying to help you folks.


This guy hates you. He's trying to again, confer to his audience that the Russiagate thing is real by saying, look, they got these people on the inside, the Feds work and undercover this big network. What he doesn't realize is he's inadvertently saying that this may be a Fed op and may have been a federal government op the whole time. Who's over there? Justin? Is this making sense? This whole thing? Ladies and gentlemen, this is why I told you, be very careful. These are accusations from a corrupt federal government and allegations only. I would not be the least bit surprised if this entire thing was in fact started by the federal government in an effort to rope in conservatives, not an investigation that caught conservatives.


I don't know. It's early and I'm applying the Bonino rule, but I'm begging you to please give these people their due process and the benefit of the doubt until this corrupt federal government can produce actual hard evidence. And, we see it from a trusted source and it's not Lisa Mona Merrick Garland and Christopher Ray. You can't trust a single thing. These people say Top two takeaways. This is definitely a plot to tar every conservative voice out there with the Russia label. 100%. Number two, are people working with the federal government and was this a fed op from the start?


Those are the two biggest takeaways. I wanna make three more subordinate points almost as important folks, if this was an operation to help Donald Trump, which I don't believe it was. Wait, now you're getting confusing. Dan, you don't think this was No, I don't. I think this was an operation to sow chaos. I think the feds so eager the corrupt federal government to create a new Russia hoax. Actually, this is, I can't believe I'm saying this took Vladimir Putin's bait.


I'm almost sure of it. You think these people are stupid dangling this Russian money? Did You see the pitch deck they put out to some of these conservative influencers? It's like go to Cernovich's feed, read. It's, it's, it's written in like third grade language. I believe this was a baiting operation. Vladimir Putin does not care who wins. Vladimir Putin cares about what? Us losing us. You mean conservatives? No, I mean us meaning the United States. Vladimir Putin cares about one thing and one thing only chaos. And what happened?


The federal government took debate, ran with this story. Putin knows they're gonna do it because the Democrats need a Russia hoax for the media. Is everybody following me? I hope I'm not confusing here. Vladimir or Putin knows the Democrats are dumb asses. He knows liberals are dumb as a box of rocks. He knows the left wing media is dying to run a story about how conservatives are in the pocket of Putin. He knows that will cause national division and people not to trust elections and violence in the streets after the election. That's all the stuff he wants. That's what Putin wants. He dangles this thing out there, this Russia media company thing. Of course the feds bite on it.


They run with it rope in some conservative influencers who You know, I mean, didn't do due diligence against it, right? Whatever allegations. But he did not want Donald Trump. He wants chaos. Here, I'll prove it to you. Here's Vladimir Putin in an interview he just gave, just gave perfectly timed right with this indictment where he gives his endorsement for the election. I thought he loved Donald Trump That if we can name a favorite candidate, it it was, it used to be Joe Biden, but now he's not participating a in the election campaign and he recommended all his allies to support Ms. Harris.


So that is what we are going to do. Wait, that screw is weak. I told you to play the Putin video where he endorses Trump. That's sick of these guys. Couldn't find him. Why? Why couldn't you find it? Because, because it's not must have just clicked the wrong video. Must have just clicked the wrong video. Michael said. He's just, he's like, I'm new here. I've only been here six months or so. It's a, that is generous, right? Maybe four. Why would Vladimir Putin now? 'cause I'm not a dumb ass liberal. Let me tell you right now in advance, I don't believe Vladimir Putin wants Kamala Harris to win.


Vladimir Putin wants whoever to win. That's gonna cause the most chaos. Trump Biden Harris, he doesn't care. He cares about chaos. Vladimir Putin waited for the US media to take debate. Run with this. Russia wants to help Trump and to cause maximum chaos. He perfectly times a pressor, which he doesn't do that often. Saying he endorses Harris. Believe none of this. He's a KGB agent. It's the American press that's given this guy the, the wind in his sails. He's laughing. You see him in that clip. Can we get a still of that? He thinks this is hilarious. This guy thinks this is funny.


His goal is chaos. He doesn't give a shit who wins as long as the United States loses and there's chaos after the election bank on it and the American media and the left just ran with it. I wanna make one last point. I'm gonna take a quick break. Look, look at his face folks, look at this smirk. He thinks this is hilarious. Oh, take my word for it. Watch this. Still shot By the way Lauren Chen, who is alleged, alleged, alleged to be some conservative influencer taking money to support Trump.


If you look at her Twitter feed, her tweets are, some of them are out there trying to knock Trump. What kind of op is this? I got two more points coming up. This was but take the, remember this 0.3. This was not a pro-Trump operation. It's a pro chaos operation. Just dumb ass liberals are too freaking stupid to see it. Liberals just don't be stupid. Please don't be stupid.


I'm gonna take a quick break. And I got two more points on this, I promise. At the end of today's show, show this to your friends. You will have absolutely zero doubt about what's happening right here. I have been through this now for 10 years. I was a former federal agent. I know how the system works. I know the bullshit. I've written four or five books on these scandals.


Look guys, we're not getting any younger. Your doctor's probably telling you you need strength training. It's great for your muscle strength, your muscle tone, your bone density. It is super important. Cardio alone won't do it. I just got involved with this company. I saw them on I. think it was Instagram And. I liked one of their shots because I've been looking at for a home gym with an all-in-one. But here's the problem. The all-in-one machines you're used to in the past, you've seen seen them. They've been infomercial. Nothing works. It's like, here's the leg extension. Ah, that's crap. Here's the pull down one. That doesn't work. I saw this machine And. it looked to be beautifully engineered. They reached out. They said Try it out. I am now obsessed with it to the point. And You know me. There's a local gym I go to if you haven't seen me there in a month, that's because I'm training on my own machine. Jacked Up Fitness. It is amazing. Try it out folks. Jacked up Fitness includes full body video workouts too. If you don't know what you're doing in the gym, they'll help you out. You just push and play and follow along. Jacked Up Fitness is a proud American company. These guys are donating 900 machines in partnership with Wounded Warrior Project. It's about a million dollar value donation if you're looking to take charge of your health and buy from a company that helps support veterans. Order your gym today@getjackedup.com. Get jacked up.com exclusive promo code for Dan Bongino Show listeners. Use promo code Bonino my last name and get 10% off. Folks, just check out their all in one machine. Get jacked up.com. Cleanest Smith machine I've ever used. Pull downs, back, legs, squats, anything you want on this machine. So many wonderful extensions today was a little back and bicep day. The cable curls, amazing super clean machine. Get jacked up.com. Check 'em out. Thanks. Get jacked up.com.


Two more points on this story folks. The media needed. The American media are the dumbest people on planet earth there. Lemme take that back. There's two groups, not that I can say. There's the dumb ones. There's a lot of those and then there's the evil malicious ones there. There's nothing different. There's, there's no good people in the left wing. There just aren't. There's the evil demons and the ignorant morons. Okay? The ignorant morons and the evil demons are 60 days out from an election. I just gave you the skinny. They are terrified. Donald Trump is gonna come back in office, declassify all their BS and expose the deep state.


They cannot let this guy swear in no matter what they know the polls about Kamala Harris are obviously weighted towards Democrats. They see she's losing. There's a story this morning out about how she's getting crushed in Pennsylvania. We gotta execute no excuses, no red wave talk. However, the Democrats are panicking behind the scenes. More than one reliable source has told me that the media needed a story to run with Trump. Russia's helping him. Again. The fact that it's been done a thousand times doesn't matter they because they're dumb or evil. This announcement yesterday by Garland was the way to chum the waters for them.


'cause they know the media will be entirely unsu, suspicious or critical about it at all. I wanna remind you, put up that New York mag piece if you could. This is really important. They need a new Russia hoax. They need to launch it right before the election. Now your friends will tell you, your liberal friends, if you're embarrassingly enough, have any left, right? Because they're morons. They'll say, well, the last Russia hoax, they didn't try to manipulate the election. Nobody knew really. Everyone go to your phones right now. I'm gonna give you five seconds. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 2. Okay, good. You got your phone or computer in front of you? I want what? What's that? Not if you're driving. Not If you're driving, yes.


Please don't get an accent. I want you to go to this article. New York Mag. Here's what you're gonna punch in final October. Surprises reveal FBI is probing Trump's alleged. Russia ties Margaret Hartman. You'll notice the date on that article. November 1st, 2016. Wow, that was a week before the 2016 presidential election. But the liberal media said they weren't trying to influence the election. No one even said anything about the Russia Day. Dave. Dave, I'm sorry. You're freaking stupid liberals. You can look it up yourself. They leaked it a week before the election to try to sabotage Trump here.


'cause they started to get nervous here. They got nervous earlier. And the October surprise is happening in September. Folks, it's the same damn playbook. Okay, now let me tell you what else they're gonna try to do. On the Russia hoax side, liberals are preparing either way they're, they're launching this Russia hoax. Early conservative influencers bought off by Russia that hoax now. But they're also preparing another hoax post-election day in case they lose because they are very worried.


And, you never believe it. It's about Russia again. Did You see this one by Politico John SDIs hacking blind spots. States struggle, struggle to vet coders of election software. Oh, now we're talking about hook. Keep that up there. Now we're talking about election software. Again, I thought we weren't allowed to do that. Machines. I thought that was election denying this is political. They note that there is a probe that unearthed some unwelcome surprises, folks. Unwelcome surprises. Software misconfigured to connect to servers in Russia and the use of open source code, which is freely available online, overseen by a Russian computer engineer convicted of manslaughter according to a person familiar with the examination and granted anonymity 'cause they were not authorized to speak about it.


I thought they didn't connect To the internet. I thought I I, Michael said it right. I thought the machines didn't connect to the inter internet. I thought folks, what are they doing? They've got a pre-election. Russia hoax, which you just saw. And I just explained their post-election. Russia hoax is gonna be what folks, they are afraid they're gonna lose this thing. They are terrified. Kamala Harris is fake. She's a fraud. She's a phony. She's the worst candidate to ever run for president. The most unpopular vice president in American history and vice presidents outside of George HW Bush, do not do well, weren't running for president.


Ask Al Gore. They just don't. They are terrified they're gonna lose. So they're getting ready after the election with a post-election. Russia hoax, which is being set up right now, which is You. know what these voting machines, the Russians may have stole the election for Donald Trump. Ladies and gentlemen, please, I am begging you to bank on it. What have I been wrong about? Did I not warn you three weeks ago about rt, one of the companies involved or alleged to be involved in this turmeric Garland indictment yesterday? Did I not warn you three weeks ago about RT and the arrest of those two people who are talking heads?


Did I not say it? The reason this show is dominating every other podcast out there and there isn't anything even close anymore is because we are ahead of the news cycle period. Just look at the live stream numbers. Here's CNN Biden, of course CNN, jumping right in Biden administration, who accuse Russia of a sustained effort to influence the 2024 election You. see how the fats fed to him? All the grist You see it and they suck it right up.


No one's even remotely critical after being told this in the last two presidential elections. Russia colluded with Donald Trump in 2016. Russia colluded again with this fake hunter Biden laptop that was real. No one at CNN is even remotely critical of what they've been fed. I'm gonna go back to the RTE thing in a second. I'm gonna show you what I showed you a couple of weeks ago where I warned you, you P one listeners, I saw you in the chat this morning talking about it. I saw people on Twitter. I appreciate it. Listen, I'm just a guy, And I gotta tell you, man, I don't ever wanna waste your time.


And I'm very proud of the fact that you guys remembered about this warning because you guys were ahead of the news cycle and ready to instantly react. I told you about this RT connection. The writing was all over the wall. And I want a hat tip? Holman Jenkins By the way at the Wall Street Journal who has been way, way ahead this, I don't know who his source is, but it's good. Quick break and I'll get back to that and I'll show you how. If you were just paying attention, it was right


there. Today's sponsor is MD hearing it feels like everything's gotten more expensive these days, but not top of the line. Hearing aids from MD hearing. MD hearing recently cut their price in half. MD hearing just made their neo rechargeable digital hearing aids only $297 a pair. It's over 90% last than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear. No one will know it's there. Plus MD hearing just launched the neo excess. It's MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever. 2 97 for a pair of hearing aids. That's a pretty good deal. MD hearing is sold over 1.5 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. Can't beat that. MD hearing was just selected to be the hearing aid supplier. For top Medicare Advantage plans, get the hearing you deserve. With MD hearing. I may be a customer there too. My hearing's going pretty bad. Go to shop md hearing.com. Use promo code Patriot to get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case a hundred dollars value. Just for listeners to the show, that's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Patriot and get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer


and our last sponsor day. Ooh, you asked at MyPillow. Listen, they're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now only 1998. MyPillow is made with their patented adjustable fill and adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. I'm a side sleeper, keeps your neck aligned, holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25. The brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98 and get their famous comfortable MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. Go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow, only 1998. That's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today. Thanks MyPillow.


Alright, back to the show folks again, hat tips are appropriate. Holman Jenkins back on August 27th was warning about this. I had been warning you about a Russia connection. I had been working something similar but not this exact thing. I had brought your attention to this over a week ago when this got, when this article got typed up and put out in the opinion column. Pay very close attention to this. The articles called Trump versus Kamala Coronation, wall Street Journal. Holman w Jenkins Jr. He noted this again, remember the date. This is August 27th. It's now what?


September 6th. I don't even know. He said You. know what? Keep an eye on these FBI raids on the home of gadfly. Scott Ritter and Dmitri Symes. There were American commentators on Russia's barely watched international TV service. Oh breathlessly recalled by the press. Mr. Simon's name appeared over a hundred times in the Mueller report, but Dimensions are all exculpatory. The longtime head of the Center for National Interest. He participated in a luncheon for board members. Henry Kissinger, this other guy in Trump's son-in-Law, Jared Kushner. Oh, the horror folks.


The International Russian TV service is one of the people that appears in this indictment. This guy was way ahead. We warned you about this two weeks ago that there was going to be another Russia October surprise. I told you, I wasn't sure exactly what it was, but we specifically mentioned this You. See what they're doing here. Do you get where we're going with this? This Russian TV service and this Russian media company. What they're trying to say is, oh my gosh, look, they're trying to buy and steal the election by getting their an influence campaign out there. And. it all involves conservatives. Notice how it broke the, the day after a Chinese communist party alleged operative in the New York State Governor's Office.


The deputy chief of staff is being prosecuted for potential alleged connections to the Chinese Communist Party. They needed the media to get distracted from that and they fed them another Russia hoax. Now I wanna show you how corrupt this whole process is. Folks, here's Ken Delaney on M-S-N-B-C. These guys, again are totally and completely uncritical of anything. The corrupt FBI and DOJ tells him Now I am I I'm, I don't care what you tell me. Vladimir Putin says he supports Kamala Harris. I'm inherently skeptical. He did it. He said it But, I'm skeptical of anything.


He wants chaos and liberals give it to him. He's fusion. Ken Delan, a guy with a troubled history with the Russian dossier, A PP Hoaxer of the highest order, A CIA hack. I'll show you that in a minute. Here's Ken Delan on M-S-N-B-C. And. I want you to listen to this segment about the Russia hoax. Again, completely uncritical. They just suck it right up because this is what they needed before an election and Vladimir Putin knew it. Take a listen. Begin this hour with breaking news. The Biden administration taking a series of actions to target what they allege are attempts by Russian backed actors to manipulate public opinion here in the US ahead of the presidential election according to two senior US officials.


Joining us now is NBC's Ken Delaney. Ken, what more have we learned, Jose? This is being described by our sources as a whole of government action designed to target Russian propaganda and disinformation aimed at interfering in the 2024 election. It is said to include sanctions by the Treasury Department, law enforcement, action by the Justice Department. And one of the focuses is on rt, formerly known as Russia. Today, that network of Russian government funded English language websites and television platforms that was flagged all the way back in 2017 by the US intelligence community as a vehicle for Russian disinformation and election interference. And at that time, the Justice Department required RT to register as a foreign agent.


Remains to be seen exactly what actions the US will take against RT today. But this does appear to represent an escalation in the efforts to try to purge the system of Russian propaganda and disinformation. What's interesting is that, look, the US has been saying all along that not only Russia, But, Iran and China, but particularly Russia, has been consistently trying to manipulate American public opinion with disinformation on social media platforms, use of fake accounts and, and through our, through its state sponsored platforms as they did in 2016. The difference now is that there are mechanisms in place, particularly on the social media platforms, to try to stop and flag fake accounts before the influence operations spread too widely.


So it remains to be seen what impact this Russian disinformation is having. I can't with this guy. I I confusion Ken DJ retro in the chat. Beautiful. I first, before I even get to the content of that, And I played the longer cut 'cause I don't wanna be accused again of taking Fusion kalanan and the Peepee Tape network out of context. Okay, So I let this guy talk. Notice how he uncritically parrots a discredited FBI and DOJs talking points without an ounce of journalistic skepticism at all. Now, why would he do that?


Because the Intel community wants to make sure chaos is sown and Donald Trump isn't elected. Vladimir Putin wants to be sure chaos is sod. He doesn't care who is elected. So he uses the real Russian stooges, the American media to make sure no one in America trusts our elections anymore at all. Here's the intercept By the way no right wing outlet, the CIA's mop Up Man. They're talking about a prominent national security reporter from the LA Times who routinely submitted drafts and summaries of his story to CIA press handlers prior to publication, according to documents obtained by the intercept email exchanges between CIA public affairs offices and Ken Delan did what?


Same, same guy who previously covered the CIA for the Times shows that Delaney and enjoyed a closely collaborative relationship with the agency, explicitly promising positive news coverage and sometimes sending the press office entire story drafts for review prior to publication. Imagine being a journalist assigned to cover Microsoft, submitting your articles to Microsoft for approval before publishing them. This is Ken Delan. We throw that up again just for just in case you guys didn't read that. Yeah, you can read again right on the screen. The intercept. This is not a right wing outlet By the way. This is who Ken Delaney.


It is You. see how the blob works. So let me tie this together for you. Vladimir. Putin wants one thing, chaos. He wants Republicans to hate Democrats and Democrats to hate Republicans. Everybody to lose faith in the country and elections and the place to devolve into an internal civil war. He does not care who wins. He cares about chaos. That's why he will endorse any candidate or either candidate, I can't say this enough, whatever he thinks will cause more chaos. He thinks by endorsing Harris, he's gonna cause more chaos given that the United States press and the media just jumped on another Russia hoax, version three.


That's Putin's side. He wants chaos. What does the intel community want? The Intel community, the FBI and The. CIA A not only one, but desperately need Donald Trump to go away. The Spygate documents, all of the stuff he's threatened to the Epstein files. They need this to go away. They cannot have Donald Trump get elected. Vladimir Putin is their friend in that respect because Vladimir Putin will provide them with a Russian narrative they need. Oh look, we, you're trying to buy off conservative influencers. Vladimir Putin noticeably also is a friend to the Biden administration when they need them, which is to chaos.


The Intel community needs chaos too because they're gonna blame Trump for the chaos. But I wanna ask you again a question? If Putin wants Donald Trump, why are some of the people Vladimir Putin's government is alleged to be paying tweeting about how much they don't want you to vote for Donald Trump. And why is Vladimir Putin stayed suspiciously silent about the Russia hoax? Anyone think about that in the press? Now Ken Delan is an evil demonic human being. Ken Delaney is not stupid. He is an Intel community hack who wants this so chaos.


If Ken Delan was an actual national security reporter, he would ask, why hasn't Vladimir Putin ever come clean about Hunter Biden's relationship with Ukraine? Oh, he knows about it. The money paid by the Moscow mayor to the Biden family. Oh, he knows about it. And why hasn't he ever come clean about the Russia hoax? The answer is 'cause he wants to sow maximum chaos and he knows people like Ken Delaney And. we will help him as long as he stays quiet. 'cause they both have one thing in common. They hate the United States of America and wanna see it destroyed.


Folks, if there was ever a time to apply the Bonino rule, man, is it today you are not being played. You all are smart. We got how many people, I'm sorry, I was looking at something there for a second. We got 145,000, 44,000 people here right now watching you are not being played. You have you guys sniffed this out months ago with me? But I'm telling you, there are actual people out there who are, you've got the morons that like the bulwark, that slob John put slits or whatever his name is. Daddy's kid Loser wouldn't have a job win for his dad. You got Jonah Goldberg that that Tostitos eating slob.


You've got them out there like I'm wouldn't be surprised at all these people are Russian stooges or if they just talked about not in any way at all concern about the government Justice department, intel communities collaborative effort to create more distrust in the election system, which is what Putin wants. Their goal is to target you. Not the deep state. Trust me when I tell you there is a large swath of the swampy Republican party that is playing right into this bullshit. Alright, I got a couple other things I I I didn't, I didn't even get into this. Sorry, I just, I have this whole secret service segment.


I may sound frustrated. I just, if I don't do this show now and get it on the record recorded and stamp the time and date. This is the biggest show in conservative media right now. If I don't get it out there, other people, there are others who are gonna do really bad things. Folks, the swampy Republican side, I wanna play this also. Trump did a town hall last night. This is what they're afraid of folks. The Kamala Harris campaign and the deep state blob is terrified that Donald Trump is back and he's doing what Donald Trump does best, which is relate to people.


The swampy Republicans, the national review crowd, the Nathan Simpson kid or Bart Simpson kid, whatever his name is, they don't understand any of this. They want to see the the guy lose because they live in the world of ideas. They write white papers and opinion pieces. They don't live in the real world. They've never been a cop or an agent. They've never run a business like I have. They've never pulled up to a crime scene with a kid with his heads blown out in a bodega, having to explain to the parents what happened. They sit there behind a desk all day, beaten off all day writing stupid op-eds about nonsense. Nobody gives a shit about. They live in the world of ideas.


So when you get a guy like Trump who maybe doesn't write the most eloquent opinion pieces but actually does stuff, the Abraham Accords tax cuts, conservative judges, regulatory reform. They're so uncomfortable with the material because it's divorced from their world of lovely ideas that they need to see this guy lose. They need a candidate again who just writes delicious op-eds, but doesn't do anything. This is the kind of stuff that drives him crazy. Here's Trump last night, guys. So relatable while advancing a conservative agenda. Some of it, not all of it, but a a solid, pretty strong conservative agenda.


Here he is last night, he's just watch what happens when a mosquito flies to his face. This is just Donald Trump. Lift and shift, baby lift and shift. Check this out. He was down like 18 or 19 points after the debate. And I hate mosquitoes. I'm surprised I didn't think we had, we don't like those mosquitoes running around. We want nothing to do with them. But And, we want nothing to do with bad politicians that hate our country too. You wanna know the truth, but he had Folks, this is just who Donald Trump is. It drives him crazy, absolutely crazy that this guy has the ability to just go on a stage for 60 minutes, 90 minutes, talk about stuff.


Yeah, it may not be a white paper. It may not use your flowery language in college, even though you guys never had real jobs. You don't realize people don't talk like that in the real world. He does And it. They want him to lose. Here's what the swampy Republican party that are worse than the Democrats who are gonna play into this Russia hoax. Go follow their Twitters. You'll see what I mean. By the way. J Number, why are they all obese too? Do they have any self-discipline at all? Did you notice that every single one of 'em, Jonah Goldberg, that pod slit guy, I mean, what is with these guys? Control yourself, man. Try Ozempic or something. Getting back to the show they want him to lose.


Here's their plan. Their plan is Donald Trump loses big. I'm talking about Republicans, swampy Republicans. They're praying and hoping they get a 51 seat majority in the Senate to be able to block Kamala Harris for two years. They then think that all of these people, they pissed off in the MAGA movement are magically gonna show up in the midterms, lead to a landslide house and Senate victory and then they're gonna take back to White House because they only live in the world of ideas and not the real world. What they don't realize is their constant relentless attacks on the MAGA crowd are likely, I don't hope this doesn't happen.


I'm not recommending this. I'm just telling you, I live in the real world, not the world of You know op-eds. That they will be so disgruntled against the Republican party that sabotaged them, that they may never show up. And in case you accuse me of speaking with fork tongue, I challenge you to find one show during the primary where we bashed Ron DeSantis ever. Gee, can you find it? It doesn't exist because I don't care what anyone else's opinion is on, he's the governor here. I campaign for him. He was a fantastic candidate for governor. He still is. He may be a great candidate for president. Again, I just had a different pick this cycle, so don't tell me, oh, well you guys, no, no, no, no, no, no.


That's total bullshit. I just picked a different guy this cycle. There's no reflection at all on the quality of Ron DeSantis conservative governorship. Zero zero you for not bashing him. I got shit for not bashing him. And I. There are people like, wait, you need to, no, I don't need to do anything. I need to get Trump elected. And I chose a different path. These guys can't do that. They still feel disgruntled their candidate. Nikki Haley, whoever it was, And, it doesn't matter. They want to see this guy lose. Hey, can we welcome back our, our friend Brian? Oh Yes we can.


What is, what is going on that again, Justin, I'm very, is Paula here? I am. I am very impressed. So Justin is not new. He's been here a long time. I think only second to gee and he's a rather young man. He's about 17 still in college and no he's not. He's he, I think he's like 27 or something. who knows? We can split the difference. I said, Justin, there is You know put up the the New York Times article if you could about Stelter. I read this yesterday With this level of Animation, right? I mean he may have to get a promotion after that. That was excellent. So I saw this article to new he folks.


Brian Stelter is back. Mr. Reliable sources who's parroted every unreliable story in media history. He is back returning to CNN as the chief media analyst. This is hilarious. Bryan Stelter, he is back A man who has parroted every single bullshit hoax up there with Ken Delaney. And I said to Justin, I said the dopey media talking head Olympics, where Stelter, I think at one point had the silver and got bumped out because he got booted by CNN. We had to, I mean he wasn't a talking head, so it's like an Olympian who's kind of like not eligible to compete anymore.


So I said, can you put together some kind of graphic 'cause Stel, I didn't expect him to do this. Folks, if you're listening on Apple and Spotify, you gotta watch this. 52 minutes in, here he is. He's back in the blocks, so we're not changing anything yet. It is Joy Reed with the gold. It is Joe Scarborough with the silver, Jonathan Carl with the bronze Chuck Todd is now in fourth Honorable mention and Brian Stelter, I just want you to know in a big moment, is back in the race, coming outta retirement, coming outta retirement. He's like Rocky with Antonio Tarver and the Rocky Balboa and Rocky was like 70 when he filmed that movie.


By the way but Whatevs. So as in Ode to the Legend, the king of misinformation, the Duke of disinformation, the aristocrat of Bullshit and Lies the Monarch of Misinformation. Brian Stelter, I wanted to play to you for you this clip. This is Brian Stelter back in the last election in 2020 when the True Hunter Biden laptop story came out. Here is Brian Stelter on Reliable Sources telling you how this is just like a fairytale. Brian, it's good to have you back, brother.


Check this out. It's about emails again this time. Emails from Joe Biden's son Hunter. So let's take a look at how a storyline is manufactured in this case. Loudly, antibi storyline Red redoing to Trump's benefit. First, it helps to really view this as storytelling, not so much as news coverage, but as political entertainment. Where crushing the other party is entertaining. Fox News, the beating red heart of the right wing media machine molds reality into a serialized TV drama. That's how Vox recently put it. Think Lost or 24 Think Game of Thrones are Breaking Bad Think Westworld or The Wire every day, every night there are what appear to be new developments in this entertainment drama.


Some new twist to keep you watching a new storyline was introduced right on time. There it is. The New York Post front page announcing Biden Secret emails, more shadiness involving Hunter Biden. Man, Brian, it is good to have you back, brother. It's good to have you back. We missed you. So he's back in the race. I, my humble opinion, he's gonna have a lot to do to overtake John. Carl, thank you By, the way Anita in the chat for putting out the current metal standings and she's always on top of it. That's why she's the queen. That's why she's the queen. By the way to the groins. We will have limited seating for election night. Paul and Gee are going to look at a location today. I say limited seating, it's just fire code stuff.


That's it. It's not like we're trying to restrict it, but we wanna keep it local because we love where we are down here and it's gonna be very close to the Trump headquarters. And, everything. So, we will have some limited seating for election night. I'm gonna kind of parcel that out to the groin crew and others and we'll have a few others, but we, there's only so many people we can see. But thank you for keeping that up there and listen, I really appreciate your support. Ladies and gentlemen, we've been the number one livestream in the United States now for, I think it's three, four straight days. And I. So deeply appreciate it. You guys really matter to me a lot. And before we go, an important note, I'm gonna cover the Secret Service thing tomorrow to pick it up Now with a few minutes left in the show, it just does it.


No justice. Here's what I got for you tomorrow. There's a huge scandal brewing in the Secret Service right now. I got from an insider today that had a JD Vance site who has a secret service detail that there were 38 post standers secret service posts, standers at the site or secret service posts. Do You know how many of them were secret service agents? And, I can hear this anywhere else. 38, Nope. 4, 4 34 of 'em were Homeland Security Investigations. Great guys and women. Zero doubt about that, but not Secret Service agents.


It's happening. Again, I'm gonna cover this in detail tomorrow. Thank you so much for your support. Big favor, please follow us on Rumble. It is free rumble.com slash bonino. The account to set up if you wanna chat is free. You can watch for free. You don't. You set up anything you wanna chat with the rest of the groin crew in the Bonino Army. Set up a free account rumble.com slash bonino. If you don't like ads on Rumble, just like YouTube has, we have a premium service that costs money And. you can watch it ad free. We would appreciate it if you would consider subscribing. It really helps us avoid cancel culture, but that's optional. You can still watch the show for free, but we need to pay for it so it has Ads Rumble Premium is there for you.


You can also subscribe to my locals and watch all three hours of radio show. That tab is right there. Give us a follow as well on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Just look for the Dan, Bongino Show. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show on Rumble here in a few minutes and back here at 11:00 AM for a big show on the Secret Service scandal tomorrow. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.