
Good morning and welcome to VINCE on a Friday. Man, it is so good to see you here with me today. If you're watching live rumble.com/ VINCE, We got the live chat rolling, feeling good on a Friday. The major cam is locked in, major's locked in. Yes, major of course, lying at my feet as usual. We're having a great day. So there's major. Here's me, and we're ready to go. We got a big show going, fellas. One, we've gotta check in on the autopen scandal because Congress has been digging in and suddenly Biden officials are clamming up. They don't want to talk anymore. And so now we're gonna have to do this the hard way. Subpoenas going out the door saying, you will appear under criminal penalty If you don't.


That's a, a good piece of progress here. So I've got the updates on all of that coming up for you. We'll take a closer look at, at some of the ways that the US Senators are now getting involved in that. Also, I've got border security updates for you as the, as the region along the border that's now considered a military zone is expanding, and so much more all ahead. On this episode of VINCE, I've also got Emily Hinky ahead. Can't wait to talk to her. She's great. She's got a lot of smart things to say. You'll get to hear her say them coming up on this edition of this show. Thanks for being here.


As always, best damn audience in media and the way we keep this show going is through our great sponsors, and that includes Beams Dream Powder Beam is a great sponsor of this program. You know, if there's something that all of us can believe in, it's hard work, self-reliance, and showing up for the people who actually count on us. But a while back, I hit a wall, I was getting terrible sleep, and then I would drag myself through the next day on Fumes. And so when that happens, you have to figure out a way to break outta that cycle. That's when I found Beam's Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America and run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. It is a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on each new day. Dream is made up of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients, reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin. And here's the deal for you. Beam will give you the ultimate patriot discount of up to 40% off. Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show, use the code, VINCE show at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash vinho. Use that code vinho for up to 40% off point.


Alright, baby, great to see y'all here. Look, we've got, We got a big show today. You know, today is one year, if, can you believe this? One year since the Democrats shoved Joe Biden directly into traffic after all of that time, taking advantage of him just rolling him around in a wheelchair. And as he was drooling and his head was leaning over saying, oh yeah, no, he's totally in charge. Yeah, he's the president of the United States. Of course he wasn't doing anything like that. And then as soon as they thought, oh man, the jig is up, people are beginning to notice they took his wheelchair and they just shoved him right into the middle of a highway. That's what this was a year ago. Today, take a look at this clip Stands in our healthcare system, making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the COVID, excuse me, with dealing with everything we have to do with, look, if we finally beat Medicare, Thank you, president Biden.


President Trump. Well, he is right. He did beat Medicare, he beat it to death, and he is destroying Medicare. And that has just kept on coming. What a disastrous debate. And I'm gonna tell you again, that was by design. A debate had never taken place on June 27th, a general election presidential debate. No baby, those take place later in the year. But the Democrats had created this unique situation, specifically so that they could shove Biden outta the race. That's why they did it so early. The game plan was simple. If he's going to fail disastrously, let's have it done early so that the American people get a solid case for why we need to get rid of him.


So they put him on stage, he was completely asleep at the switch, incapable of doing the job. And then of course he collapses. He self emulates on that stage and they say, oh my goodness, I had no idea that was gonna happen. Why do you think every single cable network in unison all were saying that Joe Biden needs to get outta the race at the conclusion of the debate? Because they were all in on it. It was both a conspiracy of instinct and a lot of text messages flowing from establishment Democrats during the debate saying, this guy's gotta go. This guy's gotta go. And all of a sudden the news anchors start mouthing the words, this guy's gotta go. And sure enough, he was out. And so a party, which calls itself Democratic was anything but as they ignored their own primary voters and said, to hell with you, we don't care If you supported Biden in this process, they imposed Kamala Harris on that party.


And of course she couldn't win either. She couldn't pull it out either. And of, and thankfully we ended up with President Trump and your votes making it too big to rig. The rest, of course is history. But amazing to think that that was a year ago today. That's how quickly time has flown. Now, in the intervening time, we have a lot of questions about that presidency. Not only was he despondent on that stage, he was despondent throughout the entire term. President 46 wasn't with it. So who was running the show? And this week, the House Oversight Committee has begun in earnest a bunch of these conversations with Biden officials to begin having this, this conversation about, hey, who was running these things on Tuesday of this week?


They brought in one of the, the White House officials by the name of Neira Tanden. She's an establishment democrat. She's been around a very long time. And as bad as establishment as you come, and just as she was arriving to Capitol Hill, the Trump administration pulled off a master stroke, a total master stroke by removing her ability to claim executive privilege. They said, Nope, no executive privilege protections for you. You've gotta answer the questions under oath before Congress. So she went in and she got rug pulled immediately by the Trump White House. It was a good move because during that testimony, she revealed, yes, she was operating the auto pen and know Joe Biden wasn't involved.


In fact, she claimed that Biden was involved perhaps at distance, but she was never involved in any of the conversations where top Biden officials would turn to her and say, use the Autopen, use the Autopen, use the Autopen. And so now we get a really key piece of this saga, which is who was wielding it? Nera Tandon was definitely one of 'em. And who was telling her to use the Autopen? It wasn't Joe Biden. So who was it? So that brings us to this week. Yesterday, Thursday, we were supposed to get more testimony on this subject from a person who is known as Jill Biden's work husband. His name is Anthony Bernal.


Anthony Bernal, the work husband, which it sounds crazy And it is crazy. This man has routinely been identified as one of the key power brokers in the, in the Biden White House. In other words, wielding the power of the presidency without being elected to do it at all. Obviously Joe Biden wasn't doing it. So who was, well, you and I, many of us had assumed that Jill, of course, played a massive role in this, and she did. But the man that she relied on to run the show is a guy called Anthony Bernal. And this is not the first time this guy's name has come up. I want you to listen to this. This is cut five Alex Thompson, he's the guy who co-wrote the book with Jake Tapper about how Biden's brain was broken. And Alex Thompson said on M-S-N-B-C recently, yeah, it was just a couple of people who were running that White House.


Take a look. Here's Alex. Who is the who In the, in this conspiracy? I mean the, is it the inner circle? Yeah. The people that were in charge were Mike Donald, Steve Chetty, Bruce Reed, Anthony Bernal, the first Lady, chief, chief of Staff, the First Lady, and Annie Tomasini. Those were the people that saw him the most and that had the most control over what he was doing and his day-to-day. Yeah. So a really tight summary of, of the people who were involved in running the show at the White House. Now Anthony Bernal is the one. He's the guy. And so yesterday he was supposed to appear for this Thursday hearing, but he did not. And the reason he didn't is because the Trump White House had yanked executive privilege.


He saw what happened in near a tanan on Tuesday, and he said, I don't want a piece of that. So yesterday's hearing was supposed to be voluntary. Now I'm annoyed that it started voluntary, just fire subpoenas off to these guys right away. In the intervening times, since all of this has happened, James Comer, the head of the oversight committee, has sent a subpoena to Anthony Bernal, and now he is being compelled to testify under Force of Law on July 16th. Again, I don dunno why it takes so long. Just get him in now. He was already ready to go yesterday, presumably get him in now. But here we are, mid-July. We're gonna expect to hear from Anthony Bernal on this subject. But he was scared of the fact that he didn't have executive privilege.


I must be honest, the reason you'd be scared about that is because you've got something to hide. You've got something to hide. This Bernal has additionally been mentioned by others figures in and around the Biden White House among them is a fellow who worked as a White House aide in the, I believe the digital office, his name is, is, is Deter Jones. He was seated alongside the former DNC Vice Chair David Hog. You remember him? The the boy Wonder on the left. That guy got thrown outta the DNC recently for being a white dude. That was their pretext. In reality, they threw him out because he was trying to orchestrate a primary process that resulted in different people coming into the Democrat party.


They didn't like that, that the DNC's really into rigging elections, not into having them. And so they threw David Hog out. But David Hog and Deter and Jones were caught on a hidden camera, camera rather by Project Veritas in late May. This, this video comes out, and I want you to see this. Here's cut for these guys talking about the role that Anthony Bernal in particular played with running the Biden White House. Look at this foundational Question for me is like, how corrupt is the DNC if so many people knew or few people knew about Biden? Well, the president of the United States, I mean, I did. The fact of the matter is the DNC is always gonna be like a campaign arm of the president. Ultimately, the bigger issue was like the inner circle that was around Biden.


That's it. And I can't straight, I can't straight to you enough, but Joe Biden's, chief of staff, like had an enormous amount of power. Joe Biden, Joe Biden's, chief of staff. That was like a open secret. The, like, I I would avoid that. Like he was scary. What was his name Anthony from? I've never seen him. Exactly. What do you mean? He's just like a, he's like a shadowy like twist of all type figure. That's what made him so like, because I knew how he looked, but I'm like the general public would know how this man looked. But he will it, and he nor like an enormous amount of power. And I can't stress to you how much power he had at the White House.


An enormous amount of power. I can't stress to you how much power he had at the White House as the, the White House chief of staff to Jill Biden. Now, what was Jill elected to again? What, what job was she elected to? Oh, nothing. Jill was elected to nothing. No, but boy, she wanted to desperately hang onto that White House, didn't she? Didn't she? You heard all these reports about what's happening. Hunter Biden, did you see that Hunter Biden owes a bunch of back payments now for all of his legal defenses? Yeah, he owes, he owes a lot of money right now to these lawyers who were involved in his defense. What happened? I thought, I thought all these Democrat donors were financing his entire operation.


What happened to his sugar brother Kevin Morris? Remember that it all dried up. Nobody's buying his paintings anymore. How did that happen? Boy, does this not sound familiar to you? This is exactly what happened to the Clinton Foundation after Hillary Clinton lost, as soon as it became clear that she wasn't gonna have the levers of power, bam. The money dried up. The money dried up. It was gone because people were buying influence. It's obvious as, as to anyone who's paying even a little bit of attention to this, nobody was buying Hunter Biden's macaroni art. You know, it's ridiculous. The Biden family wasn't hanging that stuff up on the fridge. The reason he was making it was to use it as a vehicle to bring money into the Biden family's corrupt causes.


And it disappeared. It is gone. They don't have that cash. It's gone. And so we're looking back at all of this and going, okay, let's unwind this constitutional crisis here. Let's, let's get to the bottom of all of it and hold these people accountable. Who would dare violate our constitution in this way? So Anthony Bernal had an enormous amount of power, say actual White House officials and the former DNC Vice chairman. Am I supposed to dismiss that outta hand? Because he's David Hogg and he is ridiculous. Yeah, he is ridiculous. But he was the vice chairman of the DNC for a time. And here he is, caught on a hidden camera going Yeah, it was Anthony Bernal. Yeah.


Tight circle around Biden tight circle that we're running the whole operation. Yeah, that's what's happening. So We got a subpoena out to that guy. He's set to appear on July 16th. He's not alone. There's another subpoena that went out. Dr. Kevin O'Connor, who I will remind you, he's the White House doctor. He's also a Biden business partner. This guy was going into business with the Biden family. He's been with Biden forever, forever going back to the, certainly in the first White House too. And that's when, remember Dr. Ronnie Jackson, now Congressman Ronnie Jackson. He was the head White House doctor at the time. He didn't like this Kevin O'Connor character. He, he, he just got bad feelings from him and he couldn't remove him.


He said Obama protected this guy because he said Biden would lose his mind if they fired Kevin O'Connor as badly as Ronnie Jackson wanted to. Kevin O'Connor, he never appeared before the press. Remember all of this? He never appeared before the press. When Trump was in office and they were doing health scans of him, they kept putting the White House doctor. They put Ronnie Jackson out in front of the press. They talked to these guys like crazy. They were like, are you sure that Trump isn't mentally ill? Are you sure that he's not broken? Are you sure that he is not about to die? These are the types of questions the press was asking. And meanwhile, they released these paper statements that Biden was in perfect health. He's doing great, he's doing great. He's got a little bit of a stiff gate. But other than that, he is fine.


That's the kind of crap that would come out from Dr. Kevin O'Connor. And he would never appear before the press never. And the press didn't spend any time demanding it either. Did you notice they didn't spend months on end on end saying, where's the doctor? Where's the doctor? You're gonna bring out the doctor. They didn't. They didn't. And so now the question is, where's the doctor? Well, he's got a subpoena. He's gonna appear July 9th. We're a lot closer to that one. And James Comer's gonna get some answers from him. Meanwhile, Senator Eric Schmidt is, is working away here at this. He's taking, he's taken a different approach. So while the house is calling in Biden officials getting their testimony and now demanding it in the form of these subpoenas, Senator Eric Schmidt is actually approaching the head of the National Archives.


Now, quick, quick quiz for the chat. Who's the head of the National archives? Who's the head of the National Archives chat? I'm gonna give you a hint. He's got other jobs. Let's see, one of them, I should start small. I should, he's the National Security Advisor. Yeah. Old school ways flying in with Rubio right away. That's right. Marco Rubio is the head of the archives. So I I like the chances of getting some answers here. Little Marco there. There you go. Old school ways with a throwback on that. Yeah, little Marco is the head of the archives as well as the National Security Advisor as well as the Secretary of State. He's doing it all. Eric Schmidt has approached him here and said, Hey, we need, we need all these documents associated with who was operating the auto pen.


You've got control of them. Normally getting access to presidential materials could be a little bit more difficult. But Eric Schmidt has filed what he's referring to as a special access request to Marco Rubio to get these files. Take a look. Here's Senator Eric Schmidt this week cut six explaining that he's getting closer to getting the answers that we demand. Here we go. I can't tell you how many times people in Missouri have asked me, who is running the country who is actually in charge. Like it's kind of important thing in our constitutional republic, like who's making the decisions as president of the United States. Look at what happened in the last week in this country. You have to have a president like President Trump who's in full command of the office, makes clear decisions that did not happen for almost probably the full four years of Joe Biden's.


Yeah. Reign. Right. So who was, the truth is you probably had a series of, You know, women's study majors from Ivy League institutions who used to write white papers about open borders are now suddenly in charge of opening the border. So wow, this is a bigger scandal than Watergate. We need to continue to drill down on it. We're gonna be subpoenaing to are getting documents from the archivist to see if there were actually authorizations for the auto autopen has big consequences. I know James comer's working hard too. Yeah, baby. That's exactly right. Anthony Bernal. I haven't checked closely, but I could believe it. He was a women's studies major. Let's go with that. Women's studies major opening our borders up importing foreign nationals. Yeah, let's, let's get to the bottom of that. So Eric Schmidt has sent a special access request to the archivist, Marco Rubio, and said, Hey, can we get all these files?


We have to know that chain of custody on the autopen. And, and I saw somebody in the chat point out that little Marco is the old nickname. We shouldn't use it anymore. I agree with you. I think Little Marco's retired. We should hang that jersey up in the rafter. It's the little Marco jersey. We've retired that jersey. You know what? He is now. Mighty Marco. Mighty Marco. At least for now. Unless there's some reason for that status to change, I like mighty Marco. I think that's great. I hope the president picks that up so mighty Marco could produce the answers we need here. As Eric Schmidt says, You know, this Biden mental decline coverup, this is Eric Schmidt this week, he said was one of the most damning scandals in American history. And a key priority of mine says Eric Schmidt is to make sure that something like this never happens again.


The only way to do that is to figure out what went wrong and who was running the country. With these documents, the subcommittee can actually begin crafting a solution, can begin crafting a solution. So Eric Schmidt, so I'm good. I'm glad to see these guys going. Mighty Marco baby mighty Marco is doing the work and he'll be, I we'll have to upgrade the name because at some point if he delivers for us on all this stuff, we'll just keep making the, the name even better. Mighty Maga Marco, I don't know. He can upgrade, he can keep working on them. That'd be a big deal. Okay, I've got a lot more coming up. I've gotta talk about the state of our border right now. How the United States military has done a great job on this.


Actually, they, they've expanded hundreds of miles of border zone that is now controlled by the United States military. That is really big implications in, in fact, we had a big conversation yesterday with Ron Vitiello about that very thing. I'm gonna get to that in in just a moment. All the implications for that. And also we'll be joined by Emily Jasinski here coming up in just a couple of minutes. She's got a great new show. I want you to know about it. I'm gonna help, I'm gonna participate in it too, so you'll be able to catch me there. That's all ahead on this episode. VINCE, great to have you with us as always.


You know, I'm not very big on trends, but I do like clothing that feels good and lasts. That's critical to me. And that's actually why I keep going back to Quince. Quince. VINCE loves Quince. They've got lightweight layers and high quality staples that really have become great everyday essentials from me. Quince has all the things you actually wanna wear this summer. They've got organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts, comfortable pants that work for everything from backyard hangouts to nice dinners. And the best part, everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands by working directly with top artisans and then cutting out the middlemen. Quince gives you luxury pieces without the markups and Quince only works with factories that actually use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. I love all the quince stuff I have hanging in my closet. I'm constantly going for it. It's perfect for me. You're gonna love it too. Stick to the staples that last with elevated essentials from Quince. Go to quince.com/ VINCE. That's easy. How could, how could you forget that quince.com/ VINCE for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ VINCE to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ VINCE.


Yes indeed. Mighty Marco. Mighty Marco, VINCE, you should put on pants or fix the major cam. Well, I have good news for you. The major cam is working and I have pants on. See, I've got, I've got the pants on, I've got the dog present. What else do I need? My entire day is set if I've got those things. Yeah, there he is. That's, anyway, that's, that's, that's the pup. He's doing great today and I'm glad he is here. I'm glad he is here. Alright. Mighty morphin power Marco. That's pretty funny. I like that too. And thank you for having pants on. You're welcome. My, it is my privilege, my pleasure to do that.


Okay, let's talk about what's going on on our border right now because I've got something fun to share with you. The Pentagon has established a 250 mile military buffer zone along America's southern border. This is fun news. I love this. The great Jason Hopkins over at the Daily Caller News Foundation reporting. The Department of Defense has established a massive military buffer zone in southern Texas. This is in accordance with a presidential directive. Pete Hegseth directed this creation of this new buffer zone. It's called the National Defense Area. And it covers 250 miles along the Rio Grande.


And that buffer zone is considered an extension. This is really important, an extension of joint base San Antonio according to the Air Force. And that land was previously just considered, it was administered rather by the International Boundary and Water Commission. But now the military has taken it over under the direction of Northcom Northern Command. What this means in practice is not merely that we have members of the military there supporting the border. What it means is that If you cross into it illegally, you are now officially, no matter whether or not this is your first time entering or reentering, committing a felony, a felony.


Now this is a big deal for a bunch of reasons. One of them is that If you end up in a sanctuary city and you're taken into custody, they can actually, they can force you. That is the federal government can force these, these sanctuary cities to turn these guys over because they can get warrants for them. Now, if you're guilty of a felony, they can easily secure a warrant and they can place you under arrest. And these sanctuary cities can't do anything about it. They have to comply with the federal law. So this is a brilliant move meant to both catch illegals and to stop the sanctuary cities from circumventing federal law. It is Chef's Kiss Perfect And it means more, more protection on our southern border.


Listen to Ron Ello, he was with us yesterday. Here's cut one talking about how these illegals will be popped for felonies and be taken into custody. So It's very difficult for someone to cross the border now. And also the consequences are much higher than they used to be. You're most likely to be prosecuted. The acceptance rate from the US Attorney's office across the borders is about 95%. And so people get arrested, they get prosecuted in federal court, and there are two, soon to be four military designated areas along the southwest border, near Santa Teresa, New Mexico, near El Paso, Texas. And soon to come online the, the Barium Goldwater range in Yuma, Arizona.


So if someone is unlucky enough to note, not notice the signs that those are being marked out as military areas, they'll cross the border illegally be charged with that. And they will be also be charged with crossing into a military designated area without permission of the commander. That's a felony offense first time. And so If you cross the border now, you're likely to be apprehended, you will most likely be prosecuted, and in either case you will be removed back to your home country quite quickly. Yeah. So the US attorney in California has already begun to take advantage of, of all of this. Anyone who has come into the country twice. So you come in illegally the first time, yes, it's a criminal violation, but it's that felony reentry that's a really big deal.


Anybody who's come in multiple times, they're guilty of what's called felony reentry. And so in California, the US attorney there has been using that in order to secure warrants for arrests for all these people inside of a sanctuary state inside of those sanctuary cities. And it, it has been a absolutely brilliant move to get these illegals out of the country and let ice take these guys into custody. Look at this ice ice baby. That's what we're doing. Tom Holman actually able to get control of these guys and get 'em out of our country. And this this military zone maneuver makes it so that yeah, you're guilty of a felony the second you step in. So that's, that's a really big deal. That is a very big deal. Love to see these guys being creative in the face of all this corruption.


Additionally, We got, we've got an update for you on what's going on with Old Kilmore. Remember this is Chris Van Hollins conjugal visit lover, who was for a time in El Salvador on a tropical vacation inside of a high security prison down there. Kilmore Abrego Garcia is right now back in the United States, he's in Tennessee and there's a lot of stuff going around it right now about, about what's happening to Kilmore and what's gonna happen next. Lemme just give you a quick update on this guy. Kilmore Abrego Garcia is going to be deported at some point from the United States. The reason he's back is because the United States, the Trump administration sought his extradition back to the United States so that he could be prosecuted for human trafficking.


This is not going how Chris Van Holland had hoped. They, he was hoping that his lover would just come back and be free to run around in Maryland again and be a gangster. No, no, that's not happening. Kmar, Abrego Garcia will be deported. But here's the update not to his native El Salvador. According to prosecutors, remember earlier this week, the Supreme Court okayed the Trump administration's ability to deport people to third countries, not just to the country of origin. As far as I'm concerned, I don't care where you go, but you can't stay here. It's like closing time. You don't have to go home. But you can't stay here. You can't stay here. Suspected MS 13 gang member Kmar Abrego Garcia is going to be deported after he's released from jail in Tennessee, but not to his native El Salvador.


According to the prosecutors, the Trump administration plans to initiate those removal proceedings against Kmar and sent him to a third country. That's according to a Justice Department lawyer, Jonathan goin, Jonathan goin. Now here's another piece of this that, that, that matters. The, the Trump administration wants to prosecute this guy all the way. A DOJ spokesman has indicated. The department intends to try Abrego Garcia before he's deported. DOJ spokesman, Chad Gilmartin said in a statement quote, this defendant has been charged with horrific crimes, including trafficking children and will not walk free in our country.


Again, white House Deputy Press secretary Abigail Jackson, added that Abrego Garcia was returned to the United States to face trial for these egregious charges against him. He's gonna face the full force of the American justice system, including serving time in American prison for the crimes he's committed. And then guess what happens at the conclusion of his prison sentence, assuming it's short enough for him to live past it, he'll be deported, he'll be deported from the United States of America. That's the Trump administration's plan here. So this is, this is, I think, I think this is the opposite of what the left wanted. The left wanted this guy to go free. So this is another case of who's gonna take him into custody.


Who's gonna take Kmar into custody? How you doing? Ice? Ice, baby? They're gonna take him into custody. All right. Goodbye Kmar. They should, they should let Chris Van Holland do a ride along or something for the, for the deportation. You know, he'd love that. He'd love that. Keep him at bay though. He gets a little handsy, but You know, he could watch if he wants. All right, so we've got that. And speaking of crazy democrats and immigration, we also have more attacks on ice. Ice baby coming to us today from greasy governor Gavin Newsom of California. Here's cut to Gavin Newsom this week, joining the chorus of Democrats attacking ice agents for just doing their job.


Take it away. Grease Ball Brought up the masks again. There's a California bill that proposes to unmask ice agents. Do you believe that's a meaningful step towards accountability? Yeah, it's, it's interesting. I I, I'm not even making this up. Literally that was a bill that was just introduced. There's over 2000 bills. They just introduced that in reaction to everything going on. And it's actually going through legal counsel right now. The question is, can you legally require that they become unmasked? But regardless of the merits, of the demerits of that, I mean, why are they masked? What are you afraid of? If they're doing your job? Do a lot of it's to increase stress, it's to increase anxiety. You said it masked men, disproportionately men in unmarked cars without identifying themselves or at least difficult to even identify from all of these multi letter agencies that even if you're in the business of government, you don't even understand what half of these agencies do and who they are.


And you're being quite literally thrown in the back of a car, whether you're a citizen or not. And they'll figure it out later. That's not America Guy talks too much with his hands. I talk a lot with my hands And it is actually, You know, it's not, it's not the hands talking that I don't like. It's the bizarre hand talking. It's like he's like, he's trying to kn imaginary bread as he's talking, he's like, it's very, everything about him is super weird and greasy and disgusting. But anyway, there's Gavin Newsom and he's attacking these ice agents again and saying, why are you wearing masks? It's so hard to identify them when we see them. It's, why are they wearing masks? It's not hard. You know what it says right there on their outfit?


Ice. It says ice right on the outfit. It says ice. What does it say? It says HSI. It says FBI. It is as obvious as anything when you see these guys and, and, and some of these, some of it is true, some of these guys are plain clothes as they're making these arrests. But the reason that they're wearing the masks is to conceal their identities because people that vote for Gavin Newsom attacked them lefties have been attacking ice agents. There's a 500% increase in assaults on ice agents. So what do you recommend we do here, governor, to stop that? Yeah, he's got no recommendations for that because he doesn't care about that outcome. That's Gavin Newsom. He's gross. He's gross. And he talks with his hands like a weirdo.


Again, I talk with my hands, but not like a weirdo. I was raised correctly. Okay, coming up, we've got Emily Jasinski joining us. We'll talk to her about everything We got going on in the world and her great new show and I can't wait to get to that.


I gotta thank our sponsors. We've got Bone Charge that supports the program and I support Bone Charge. I love Bone Charge. I've been using the Bone Charge infrared sauna blanket ever since they sent it to me. And boy, this thing is awesome. I have a sauna in my house. It's a blanket. You just wrap yourself up in it And it works great. It's a game changer. It's very easy to use. You can relax, rejuvenate you feel great after you use this thing. And my wife loves the Red light face mask from Bone Charge every night she puts this thing on and she's seeing great results with it. If you, If you wanna improve your skin's texture, you want to reduce inflammation, you can get some fantastic results outta that red light face mask. 'cause like having a mini spot treatment right at home. If you're thinking about trying these out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com, use the code VINCE at checkout and get 15% off. Both of these products have made a huge impact for us. I'm sure you're gonna love 'em too. Use the code VINCE at bone charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Alright, thanks to Bone Charge for being a great sponsor of the VINCE Show and Blackout Coffee. Oh, oh, every day Blackout Coffee. Start my day and I get fired up with Blackout Coffee. I love Blackout Coffee. They're a great sponsor of this show. Blackout Coffee is owned by a fellow called John. He's a great American and he is the real deal. He built Blackout Coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. It's America First coffee roasted fresh right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, Blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. Look, this is a brand that stands for the right values and they make it delicious cup of coffee. That's the most important thing to me when I'm buying coffee. I want great coffee. That's what blackout is. Blackouts great. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up with a great cup of coffee. You can head over to Blackout Coffee dot com slash VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE, for 20% off your first order. Whether you like Whole Bean ground or even instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout Coffee dot com slash VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Baby Blackout Coffee dot com slash VINCE, our thanks again to Blackout Coffee for being awesome.


And our thanks to Major for lying here next to me throughout this program. Hello, major. He's having a, he's having a great, you doing all right buddy? He's doing all right. He's doing all right. He's assumed the position. Okay, let's, let's bring in our great guest Now, Emily Jinky joins us on the program. Emily is a wonderful human being. I've known her for many years. We, we, we, we, we played on the same softball team a long time ago, and the daily call was actually, there're still playing softball these days, but without the benefit of Emily and myself, Emily Zinski's here. She's the host of after party with Emily Jasinski. It is just out on Megan Kelly's great podcast network and she joins us now.


Hello, Emily. Good to see you. Hey, VINCE, my recollection is that you were sort of the designated shuttle driver to the bar after the softball game. So I, I mean, thank you. I did do a lot of that. That's true. That's true. Yes. Every good softball game ends with going to the bar, which was, which is totally awesome. Speaking of the bart, I'm, I've been checking your, your show out this past week and you're on Mondays and Wednesdays, right? 10:00 PM at night. That's right. And, and when you, and when you do the show, I've noticed that you've, you've cracked a beer. Do you, do you crack a beer every episode? Is that a part of, is that a feature on the show? I Mean, it, it's, it is not a feature, but it's just sort of my nightly routine anyway.


So it's like, if I'm gonna have to work at 10:00 PM I'm probably going to have a beer with me. And did you make a conscious decision to, to, to do Miller Light instead of Bud Light, or was that just always your option? So I always make a conscious decision to side with Miller over Bud because I'm from the Milwaukee area, so it's smart. It's gotta be Miller. Now, I don't mind Bud Light, and I have a horrible opinion, VINCE, that you and your listeners will be offended by likely. I like Bud Light Lime, I like Bud Light Lime. I'm sorry, I'm not sorry. Actually, it's Possible that you just like lime and water. That could be the actual explanation for that opinion. But, but okay, that's fine. You're allowed to, you're allowed to like stuff, Hey, let's, let's talk about what's, what's actually going on in the world these days, president Trump, fresh back from nato.


Are you at all surprised by the global reception now? Don't you kind of get the feeling that everyone's sort of surrendered to the Trump phenomenon that didn't exist a couple years ago? Am I surprised that the Secretary General of NATO is referring to Donald Trump as daddy? Yes. VINCE, I am actually. You really, you're surprised. Oh, surprised By that Marco Ruta calling him Daddy Trump obviously loved that. He's, he's put out like multiple videos touting it at this point. And, You know, you can't really blame him because he was enemy number one of nato. And one of the things I thought was interesting that we saw from Mark Ruda, actually we've seen it also a bit from Claudia Scheinbaum down in Mexico and a couple other world leaders who have realized it's actually a pretty obvious and simple way to negotiate with Donald Trump.


And it is to like say nice things about America and say nice things about Donald Trump instead of saying awful things about America and Donald Trump, and positioning yourself as an enemy of the United States and Donald Trump actually, You know, maybe don't be a jerk, and he'll come to the table with you. And that's what you saw with NATO this week. And it's better, it's better for nato, it's better for Europe that they're increasing their security commitments per Donald Trump. And I also think VINCE, maybe that's one of the things that's made them come around in Donald Trump is the sort of realize that he was right. Yes, for sure. And in the last, the last nato Secretary General, Jen Stoltenberg was also grateful to the president, although he never called him daddy.


That's an upgrade from the last time. I do think that there's a lesson in here that I hope that Democrats domestically don't pick up at Jasinski, which is to treat the president with good faith and try and have negotiations with him. I I, I have this opinion, I think it's unorthodox, but whatever. I've got it. I've always thought that like the delusion that the left has manifested in the way that they treat Trump all the time, keeps the president from negotiating with them at all. Like whatever their priorities are, they're never gonna achieve them because they never approach the president in good faith. Kim Kardashian tried, remember, and all of a sudden she got a big criminal justice reform bill negotiated with the President of the United States, but Democrats never really learned that lesson.


They, they instead hate him so much, they refuse to treat him as a human being. And in some sense, I think that kind of pays off for the rest of us. It's, it's such an interesting point because Nancy Pelosi actually briefly flirted with this tack in Trump 1.0 and almost got him to come to the table on daca of all things on daca. But then the pressure from the hashtag resistance base was so strong that Nancy Pelosi couldn't possibly sustain her efforts to negotiate with Donald Trump without also constantly trashing Donald Trump. And so it didn't work out. And, and on that note, VINCE, I think you can remain hopeful because there's no way that Democrats have an incentive structure that will allow them to actually like, get wins in negotiations with Donald Trump because they can't possibly come to the table without constantly slandering him, smearing him to their supporters.


And one thing that I've noticed is, by and large, the party isn't really changing tact. They're, they've stuck with we need to impeach Trump and, and Trump an orange man bad. But there are some exceptions. And that, that New York mayoral race this week, I think is, and I've been following some of your coverage of this, and so I'm interested in your thoughts on the subject. So remind me, is this, I keep calling this guy Zoan because just obviously to make a mockery of him, I think it's Zoran, is that his name? Zoran Ma Zoran. Yeah, but it's, it's, it's unclear whether that's pronounced Zoran or Zoran. Okay. So he's a communist. He's like a, he calls himself a Democratic socialist, but he ran a campaign over the last few months where he said stuff like, we've gotta get rid of regulations that stop small businesses from starting up.


Which I, which I hear something like that. I'm like, wait, wait a second, this is completely discordant because you're the commi and you're saying that we need to get the government out of the way of small businesses. You know, tell me what's going on here, what this phenomenon is, and whether or not there's a pa like, in other words, is there a strategy within it for Democrats to sort of figure out how to get some success? Yes, there, I mean there is, we'll see how it's able to work for Zurah Momani in a general election because he has tweeted things like, for example, queer liberation is defunding the police. But then he, You know, in the, in the debate for example, he said he doesn't wanna defund the police. He like completely walked away from that position basically and tried to, anytime he was asked about a cultural issue, just pivot to I wanna make New York City more affordable.


New York City needs to be cheaper. New York City is too expensive. Just as his campaign call that a quote, relentless economic agenda. And I actually think it helped him overcome these like actually very, very high culture war obstacles. Like when you're trying to become the mayor of New York City and you say things like you wanna defund the police as a matter of queer liberation after New York City just went through a big crime wave. Yeah. He was actually able to connect with voters because he was constantly just pivoting to making the city cheaper. He talks about not getting wrapped up in ideas and values, but deliverables and tangibles. And again, like I actually think that's a pretty, it doesn't matter If you're a Republican or Democrat, it's such a good message for like the Washington community that tends to just like, have think tank lunches and go to conferences and it's like, voters don't give a damn about any of this.


They just wanna know that you're gonna make the government better. And right, you and I don't think that democratic socialism or communism is going to make the government better, but You know, if, if you're desperate, because New York City is completely outta control and your choices between Andrew Nipple Ring Cuomo and Zhan Momani who's saying he's just gonna make the city cheaper. I see why a lot of people went with a guy who's like, I'm just gonna bring your bills down. Have we Confirmed that Andrew Cuomo nipple ring thing? Was he wearing nipple rings or was this like he chafed them so bad he had band-aids underneath the shirt? What was the explanation for that? Did we ever figure it out? I don't think there's any like, official confirmation, but I don't need official confirmation having seen the, the images.


I don't know that there's any other conclusion to draw. Okay. This is an invitation. Lemme see, lemme see if I can, Gee, can you pull up an image of Andrew Cuomo's nipple ring shirt? Is that possible? I don't even know if that's possible. I've never called for an image like this. Maybe I can find it myself. We'll see. We'll, we'll have a bit of a race here. History, The making. I've found it. I found it. Hold up a second. That's fast. I got it. Yeah, no, this is, this is good stuff. Can you take me full screen here? Here's Yeah, we need it full screen. Yeah. Here's a, here's Cuomo's nipple rings. This guy. Unreal. Look at that guy. Look at him in the nipple rings. You can't, but, but there's no other explanation for it.


No, I don't. I I think you're totally right. Yeah, those are nipple wrinkles. Okay, well there he is. So he should be for that reason and not just killing old people throughout the state of New York, he should be nowhere near power. There he is. Andrew Cuomo, I mean Mayor of Daytona Beach. The chat is disgusted by this. There's vomiting going on. Please blur that out, VINCE. Yeah, I Like that you zoomed in. Yeah, no, that was, Gee did the zooming, that was, Gee, who did the zooming? Anyway, so there we go. That was, that was Andrew Cuomo. Okay. But going back to Zoan then, what you're telling me is that fundamentally all you have to do is just, is not talk about your radical positions.


He just shoved them. He's just like, queer liberation and defund the police and I'm gonna arrest Netanya and like on and on and on. You just shelved all of that. And he said, said, You know what's really crappy? Life's too expensive. You know what's hard? Starting a small business. And he just ran on stuff like that and filmed a few viral videos and enough New Yorkers were dumb enough to fall for it. Well, I don't think it works unless you have a foil like Andrew Cuomo. So I, I think the only, like, in addition to that just being a smart campaign strategy, it just doesn't resonate unless it's this, this new guy who Good point is only talking about making bills like cheaper. And then you have Andrew Cuomo who presided over the disastrous pandemic and who represents, he's sort of a mascot of the national democratic establishment.


So I think it, a lot of it was voting against Andrew Cuomo. I think actually probably most of it was voting against Andrew Cuomo because he is such a profoundly bad option that people are like, whatever, we'll, we'll throw disruptor in there. And the other piece of this is Eric Adams. Eric Adams is running as an independent now the reason he's the existing mayor of, of New York, and the reason he has to is because that party basically ran him out. They, they don't want a piece of him. He was critical of Biden, he was mildly critical of Biden's illegal alien policy importing them into the United States, overwhelming the state of New York, the cities especially. And then the, the other piece of this was, You know, as soon as the Biden Justice Department turned on Eric Adams, oh yeah, we're gonna go after you for getting upgrades on flights on Turkish Airlines.


I was like, what? What kind of prosecution is you serious right now? And they did that as a political hit job. Trump comes in and says no more. The Justice Department gets rid of that prosecution. And now Eric Adams is considered like a Trump guy. So the Democrats ejected them, him rather, from their party. And it has created all this super weird melodrama in New York now. Yeah, it's a very bizarre situation because right now Democrats are scrambling to figure out whether they consolidate behind some new candidate, maybe like a Bill Ackman with lots of money who's not kind of wild out there on the cultural issues and who's also very much opposed to Democratic socialism.


Yeah. Or do they just, You know, hedge their bets and go with Eric Adams? Or do they accept Zorro Momani because the democratic voters of New York City did it like they're in a horrible position. Yes. And it's one that they've put themselves in by getting behind, honestly, one of the worst imaginable candidates in Andrew Cuomo. They did it to themselves. Yeah. They made that choice. And they didn't even run a good campaign. So they had, they ran a bad campaign with a bad candidate. And so now they're, they have no good options in front of them. And in New York might be your average New Yorker who doesn't like democratic socialism might be the one that loses because of all of it.


Okay. Let me, I want to ask you about electoral politics, not just in New York, but here in the United States going into the midterms. We've got a, a new report out of Pew that tells us that if more people voted last year, it would've been worse for Kamala Harris. In other words, among Americans who are eligible to vote, who didn't, if they voted President Trump had a four point advantage among that step, which is a really big deal. And it's also a big sea change in American politics. And I wonder what you think is gonna happen with Democrats and voter registration going forward, because for as long as you and I have been alive, Democrats have been, have concluded, oh, we just register more people to vote and then we win elections.


Like they kind of have this conclusion that like, You know, remember vote or die and get out the vote and we need to get you up. Rock the vote. Yeah, rock the vote. Did you notice that last year they weren't doing that? There were no, I didn't, there wasn't much, there wasn't much of a voter registration drive by the Democrats last year. And of course, setting aside all of the roles that illegal immigrants play in distorting our system, I'm just talking specifically about actual legitimate voters, then what do you think is gonna happen going forward? Do you think Democrats are gonna be trying to impede people from registering? I mean, what's gonna happen here? That's a really funny question. I, and I also think about this from the perspective of Republicans because will Republicans suddenly be doing like mass voter registration drives?


But does any of this also translate when Donald Trump is not the guy at the top of the ticket? And I think that's a, a really stiff challenge for Republicans, And it's one that should almost, You know, for them right now could be condemning because I don't think they have a, a good answer to that at this point. I think it's, it's truly a Trump driven phenomenon. So maybe Democrats don't have to suddenly, You know, stop doing all of the rock the vote stuff when Donald Trump isn't the guy at the top of the ticket. Because maybe Republicans seems to still not have, I mean, JD Vance is an interesting person, obviously. I think he's, he is very compelling for someone who can, who can step into Trump's shoes and be appealing to the working class.


It's just that Trump is so singular as a cultural force. I wonder if some of this comes from that and or at least Democrats are hoping It does not. All of it does. We know that's for sure, because there are a lot of, for example, working class Hispanics that look at the Democratic party's immigration policies and say, absolutely, absolutely not. Absolutely not. Right? There's no way in hell. So it, it could go either way, but it's really bad news for Democrats, no Matter for sure. I mean, here, here's a perfect example of how it blew up in their face. Josh Shapiro's, the governor of Pennsylvania, he signed into law something called a motor voter law, where they just register you to vote when you, when you get your license. And they lost because more Republicans were being registered to vote under the motor voter law.


It was hilarious actually. And for years, republicans have sort of fought against this because the argument that they've made fundamentally is that, well, we need informed voters. We don't need lazy voters. And I, I, I totally agree with the sentiment, but I'm just laughing at the effect of all of this. The Democrats thought that, well, we just register everyone no matter what. Well, it's turned out those people are Republican voters, and if they get the chance, they're pulling the lever for Trump. And if we can sustain this, if Trump can actually pass this legacy off, and people can credibly step into the gap and say, yeah, I represent the MAGA vision, then we we're looking at a, a, a Republican party that will have long-term success if that can be pulled off. Well, the motor voter example is really funny too, because Democrats have long just relished their advantage with young voters and have seen it as something that was never going anywhere.


And the 2024 election completely put the lie to that. Yes. And, and Donald Trump made significant inroads. And even we've seen young people's sort of sentiments shift on particular questions. Again, that, like, I worked for the conservative youth movement. I never, ever, ever thought that I would see those shifts from young Americans. And something happened really quickly in the, You know, Trump era that like for Democrats, they're not looking at this and they have no idea how to recapture young people how to recapture the working class. Their best bet is that Republicans somehow screw it up. Which again, if you're betting on Republicans screwing things up, that's not a bad bet historically.


Yeah. You're gonna make some money by, You know Yeah, exactly. By, You know, being too anti-pop and too so sort of corporate that yet to be determined. But all of the trajectory is in a direction that it should be terrifying Democrats. And it is. Why did young people support Trump at such high levels, in your view? What was the explanation for that? You know, I think it was like as simple as him being politically, so I'll say politically incorrect. So he was, he was sort of for the free speech movement, he was against the strictures of like, this is the, the young people who came out of the Me Too movement, the COVID era speech regulations and sort of what we call peak woke, capital P, capital W.


And I think in Trump you see somebody who just a absolutely exposes all of the ridiculousness of that. I think that was probably the determining factor overall. I think a lot of young people went for Trump because the Biden economy sucked and Kamala Harris couldn't answer for it. Yeah. But I think like what tipped the scales is that he became a cultural force because he was positioned well to, as a foil to the ridiculousness of the left. Yeah. And he got shot on stage and he stood up and he said, fight, fight, fight. And people were like, dude, that's authentic as shit. That's crazy. Crazy. That's like one of the coolest things I've ever seen. That guy was rock and roll and the other people were psychotic scolds. And I was like, I know who I'm with. Yeah. That, that's crazy. I can't even believe that happened.


We're not even up to a year on that. That's July 13th. That's coming up. One year today was when Biden collapsed on a debate stage, but it's amazing. Oh, Happy. Oh, happy anniversary to the Biden Collapse. Yeah. Happy anniversary. Well, you keep up the great work Emily Jasinski. I can't wait till I get a chance to hang out with you. We'll, we'll crack open beers on, on your great show airing 10:00 PM Mondays and Wednesdays now with Megan Kelly's network. Congrats Emily. Thank You VINCE. Looking forward to that. Good to talk to you. All right there. He, she is Emily Jasinski host of after party with Emily Jaki. She's great and always been such a good, a good reporter and guest through the year is always like talking to her. Actually, I, I probably do bourbon on that show.


You know, we gotta do a little bit of bourbon. I don't know if anybody's had bourbon yet on that. Let me see here. I've got comments coming in. Let's see. Oh yeah, thanks Emily. Another great show, Vincent Crew. Thank you very much. Hey, I've got something fun to share with you today. Did You know that Big Balls is, is still in the government, You know about this? Yeah, We got some great news. Apparently there was a claim that Big Balls had left the government entirely Wired has an update for us on Big Balls. This is wonderful news. Big Balls is now at the Social Security Administration.


Edward Big Balls Stein's placement at the Social Security Administration comes after a White House official said that the 19-year-old had resigned from his position in government. He resigned. They had claimed, and now I can't read the rest of the Wired article because I don't actually subscribed to it. But the good news, I'll just tell you right up front is that the, is that Big Balls is sticking around, which is wonderful. My buddy Chuck Ross summarized it this way. Take a look, Chuck said so he wasn't sacked, he just was shifted around a bit. Yeah, I think that's a good way to put it. They just shifted him around, You know, it was, it was a little uncomfortable for a moment, but they got it all solved and now he's at the Social Security administration.


Yeah, he was just itching to get in there and, and fix something. So there we go. Big balls sticks around. This is this guy. If there's, if there's anybody, the press hates at least in the top 10 of Trump officials. And there's a, there's a long list I, I think, but I feel like big balls for a time he keeps on showing up in the list. They just hate this guy. They hate him. How could a young person do this? This is the party that pretends that, that they believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. This is the party that pretends all that. But the second you put a 19-year-old with some wisdom in charge of making the government more efficient for the Trump administration, they go absolutely crazy. They go absolutely crazy.


But that's, that's wonderful. So I love the, I love that big balls are sticking around and he survives. He survives to fight another day. He got big balls over at the Social Security Administration. My thanks again to you for being here. The show has been, I, I have to tell you just the, the behind the scenes and kind of how, how we're operating as a team. It's just been running as, as well as anything could possibly run. Our team here has been great. Thank you for being with us through the occasional technical hiccups we have. Every so often I'm kind of, I'm keeping these guys guessing 'cause I bounce around between my home studio and my DC studio and everyone's just trying to keep up with me. So I appreciate not only the audience which I do best damn audience in media, but the whole team that makes all of this operate each day.


Thank you for that. If you're just checking in on us right now on Rumble, would you hit that subscribe button and join us so that we can be with you every day. We do this thing live 10:00 AM eastern everyday. rumble.com/ VINCE. This show always has big balls that there was no question about that. The, the show consistently has big balls and so we're here for you every single day. 10:00 AM Eastern Live rumble.com/ VINCE. And of course the podcast, which is just humming along. Thank you for that. If you're just watching or listening for the first time, please subscribe to us. Get us every day. And then finally I've got the radio show. We got the big national radio show. It's the same position that was occupied by Rush Limbaugh and then the great Dan Bonino and now your humble servant gets to do this each day.


12 to three Eastern time. rumble.com/ VINCE, we have that show live. Or just go to the VINCE show.com and I got your logo, radio listings there. Ever heard of radio? We got a, We got a local radio listing for you. The VINCE show.com and just click where to listen and you can find me there. Well that about wraps it up. Great being with you today, man. We got a bunch of big shows coming for you next week as well. Stick with us for that. Great to have you here. How you doing?