
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know, I got a pretty cool announcement. I was really hesitant to put out there 'cause I wasn't convinced it was actually gonna happen, or it was for real. So Friday, two days from now, it's obviously Wednesday show is live. 11:00 AM you may be listening on the Man, but we, we, we put it out there live, you know, Jenk from the Young Turks. So he, he's a pretty devout leftist. I think he was a Bernie Sanders guy, whatever you probably seen, got a really popular podcast on the left. He put out on Twitter, you know, basically said, I wanna debate someone with an audience on the Trump side.


I guess he can't figure out why Trump has all this support. so I responded publicly and said, okay, I'm down. Like, I, I always like a good debate. I'm so convinced her on the right side of history and the issues and he accepted, or at least appears to have accepted. So we've been dealing with his people. so I just wanna know in the chat early folks in the chat, let me know 'cause it's for you. I already agreed to it, so we're gonna do it. You know, you like this idea, you don't like it. I already agreed to it. I'm a man of my word. So Friday live, we will have a pretty spirited debate with a devout leftist with a pretty big audience right here on the Dan, Bongino Show. So could be a pretty cool moment. Let you know, let's see them defend their stuff.


You know, post birth abortion or all that stuff. Kamala Harris and all of her transgender sex surgery bullshit. So do it. Do it. Yes, Sabrina. Yes. Yes. Bring the receipts. Yes. Okay. It's pretty overwhelming. Pacino on the case there, brother. That's why I love you guys. You guys mess. So it's gonna be a pretty cool Friday. I wanted to do it live. I don't want anybody editing anything. I don't want any tricks, any shenanigans. And you know what? If he comes on respect, don't have to like his ideas, but pretty cool, man. I'm down. Whatever. Why not? Right?


Hey, you know, I can't sleep it on my Beam Dream powder. They have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. Visit shop Beam dot com slash sponge. You know, use Code Bunge. You know I got that.


And a i I warned you. I warned you. I warned you. Dan Bonino batting average remains a thousand about the October. Now closing in on November. Surprise, I told you they were gonna try to drop a bomb. It's fake, but there's something out there circulating. I'll show you what I mean in a second.


Patriot Mobile. Many Americans are tired and frustrated by stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life. And our military and first responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first by switching to Patriot Mobile. Today they got the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Do it now. Get a free month when you sign up and you use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values. Have the same coverage. They don't and they can't. So join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative, mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan. We'll call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right, fellas, let's go. So who's gonna be here Friday for the big debate between me and the Young Turks? They could be pretty awesome. We'll see what, what goes down, how that happens. The young what the young tur mom, what are you laughing at? I said Turt. That's what what? I said what? Understand what the, it's a queen. That's how we say it's the thirst. Some, some of you get that, by the way. Who's spending election night with us? You better be here. I wanna melt down the internet. I wanna melt it down. I want wires cooking frying. I want servers in flames. Smoking everywhere. Election night, 7:30 PM Eastern time.


We got the great Mike Ben, who unbelievably agreed to show up in person. He'll be there, we'll be doing segments with him. Julie Kelly will be talking about everything. We've got the greatest guest lineup we got is Savannah Confirmed. Savannah Hernandez. Yeah, Savannah and Steven Crowder by remote. We're gonna do the biggest crossover in the history of election night digitally. Don't miss it. Rumble dot com slash bonino. It's free. Download the Rumble app. so I warned you so many times, folks, I know you get it. Forgive me. You don't mean to sound like a dick. I'm apologizing in advance. Okay? I'm just saying the Dan, Bongino, Show. Because it's not just me, it's a crew. I'm not saying that to be funny. We're almost never wrong on these things.


Almost never. There's a story being pitched out there about Donald Trump, and I'm telling you with absolute certainty is fake. It's the equivalent of saying, you know, Donald Trump is, was the basis for the Cyclops character and X-Men. He can shoot, you know, laser beams out of his eyes. It's that stupid. It it, it's up there with the Russia collusion, peepee hoax thing. But a lot of people in the media know about it. Now it says something about the hack goon Kami Media that even they haven't yet, yet reported on this thing as they get desperate and the polls for Kamala get worse, you're gonna see this story surface. I'm telling you in advance. I'm just, what I'm doing right now is I'm giving you a vaccine against it because it is so stupid and ridiculous.


I wanna be sure you immediately start laughing and dismiss it as crazy. Mark Halprin was kind. He, he, I guess they pitched him this story too. He started a whole internet thing. He probably should have just not mentioned it. I mean don't tell stories about stories. You're not gonna tell. You get the point. Here's Mark Kaprin on this story. Confirming what most of us already knew, that there's another bullshit Russia collusion thing going around. Be very careful. Take a listen to this. There's Mark trying to clean up the mess created. Check this out. And The point I was making is there's all sorts of things being floated out there. Maybe Jeffrey Goldberg just happened to finish the story two weeks before the election, which I'm sure Sean will have a point of view about that.


I know of one story that's been pitched to a major newspaper and to me, and for all I know to many others that I don't believe is true. But if it's true, as I said yesterday, it would end Donald Trump's campaign. Just as if the accusations now thoroughly debunked and attributed by American intelligence to Russia about, about Tim Waltz. If those were true, it would end his campaign. What we're seeing in the final days as a point I was making is actors who want a certain outcome are on social media and in pitches to reporters. And in the case of the Atlantic, Jeffrey Goldberg writing himself are trying to affect the end of the race because they're so desperate to try to, to try to pull a Comey.


Folks, I'm just telling you, you, this thing is gonna come out. You're gonna get a David Korn type one of the guys with the peepee hoax. You're gonna get someone like him who really doesn't care about human dignity or journalism or anything like that. And they're gonna go out there and gonna say, we're not saying this is the story. It's true. But here it is. Anyway. Just be careful. There's a reason we don't report on suspect stories. I had a lot of you in the chat, you acknowledge it, you guys are cool, but you were like, damn, why aren't you mentioning this Tim Wall story about this sexual abuse thing? Why didn't I mention it? Because folks, the story sounded a little bit shady.


And I'm not gonna say what I can't back up. Okay, so I, I practice what I preach here. I didn't mention it because I can't back it up. The left wing media doesn't have those standards. I guarantee you, you're gonna see it. Just consider what I just played for you. An immunization shot against any Trump bullshit. I promise you, if there was a story out there about Donald Trump, you know, whatever it is, I'm not even gonna hypothesize something bad that would've ended his career. I promise you, you would've already heard it. Period. End the story folks. This thing is melting down. We have less than two weeks to go execute.


I'm gonna say it again folks in all caps, everyone in the chat. What am I about to say right now about voting? I'm gonna wait a second. I'm gonna let you get your thoughts together. Put it in all caps. Go, go. Do break the chat right now. What am I trying to break? You couldn't break it. The other, I'm sorry. We couldn't. We failed. We failed. Which is crazy. We failed. I'm all caps. Vote early. Vote early. Vote early. Vote early. Dan, you're annoying. You keep saying I don't care. I don't care. Even the AP who hates my guts, the communist Associated Press had to write an article. Man, this Dan is really getting a lot of people to vote early. Yes I am. Vote early, vote in person, vote early, vote in person.


Vote early, man, you are annoying. Good. I'll say it again. Vote early and in person. The Democrats are freaking out, folks, you are making this thing impossible to steal. I've told you this now at least 10 times. If a hundred or 200,000 more registered Republicans show up and vote early, and any early vote gets tabulated on election day, it's going to be impossible to show 200,000 more early votes for Biden without everybody going, what? Are you crazy? More Republicans showed up. We didn't vote for Biden. It's not, they're, you are screwing them up. They don't know what to do. They were expecting you guys to show up on election day and to have, oh, you see it.


These guys are quick. This is from the ap. I'm telling everyone to vote early. Trump said on a podcast hosted by conservative Dan Bonino, who has spread false information about early voting and the 2020 election. I would like you to prove one thing I said, which is false. This is the ap. They hate our gut. I'm telling you, man, vote early. Trump's saying it. I'm saying it. Pressler saying it. Kirk's saying it. It is effing their lives up so bad because they can't figure out now how to make up the gaps. They can't AP can't say your name Without ap. Cannot say my name without saying it. Who has that fraudulent theories about the 2020? Name one name one.


Who's the article? Who's the author? That piece? Nicholas Nicholas Rashi. Nicholas d for Douche Canoe Riccardi. Nicholas, do me a favor folks. What's his name? Nicholas Rashi. Riccardi Riccardi. Everyone send a tweet to Nicholas Riccardi respectfully, but ask him to post one single quote of anything I said about the 2020 election result, which I believe was stolen, but one single quote about it that was false. Just one. Just one. Ask Nicholas. We'll see what he says. He won't be able to prove it. You have to have to edit it. And you're like, I know. Why don't you? Because you know what? It doesn't matter. You're gonna get some lefty judge. It doesn't make a difference. It's, it's all bullshit folks. Their campaign is collapsing.


Kamala Harris's campaign. The collapse is real. No one should get excited. I want you to feel good about this process. 'cause I don't want you to be miserable. And you know, I saw a comment from a guy I used to follow on Twitter. I don't follow him anymore, but I used to, and he was saying this morning that a lot of the MAGA crowd has been very kind of down and morose. And I, you know what? I respect what he's saying. I, I don't wanna go into election day all miserable either, but I wanna be realist on the don't be miserable side. The Kamala Collapse folks is real. They're turning on each other. My contacts in the Kamala Harris sphere are not great. They were a lot better in the Biden sphere 'cause of my time in the White House was doing secret service stuff.


They're not great. But if you just read Left Wing Media resources, I read the collapse is real. They're turning on each other. They're butting heads. The blame game's already started. I'm gonna tell you something that would you guys agree, the happiest man in America right now is who is, is Josh Shapiro from Pennsylvania, the Democrat governor, that he's not on this ticket that potentially could get eaten alive on election day. This guy's like the happiest guy around right now that he didn't get picked and they picked tampon. Tim, this is how bad it is. I want you to Fox News, put this up, this video, it's kind of a side by side. You're gonna hear Hillary Clinton first in her losing 2016 campaign screaming about how awful Donald Trump has says nothing.


All the bullshit you've heard before. And then listen to Kamala Harris. It's your video. But this is how you know you're losing when you start taking on the the language of the prior losing candidate, because some focus group told you to do it. This is what desperation looks like. Check this out. I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump. It's time for us to say no. We are not going backwards. We're going forward. Should never again stand behind the seal of the President of the United States.


Never again. Never again. Never again, Folks. You understand what's happening here, right? I didn't just throw that up. That's a Fox News clip, by the way, hat tip to them. But you understand why I put that up? When Hillary Clinton thought she could be in a little bit of trouble at the end a little bit, she wasn't in any way as bad as Kamala's campaign. The writings on the wall, Hillary thought she would win, but they started to get a little worried at the end. You see it where people said, oh, you gotta double down and scare people. Donald Trump's a Nazi, all that stuff. Kamala Harris's team is doing the same thing. And just when you thought her dirty, awful, horrible, filthy, worst in a lifetime, presidential campaign could not get any worse.


Holy Moses. What happens? The freaking LA times, which is like Pravda, the LA Times. It's like, it's like the, the I mean. This is like the North Korean version of Pravda. The LA Times to the left of Lenin. Nobody knows Kamala Harris better than the loss Angelist times where she was a US senator in California, liberals LA's in California. The Los Angeles Times refuses to endorse Kamala Harris. What the hell is happening? Can you imagine this? The LA Times? Here's SE four. Maxwell Tanny Los Angeles Times won't endorse for president. Won't, oh, obviously they weren't gonna endorse Donald Trump.


It's the LA Times. How do you not endorse Kamala being from California? Ladies and gentlemen, listen to me. They know. They know. They know what's going on there. Here's what's happening. You wanna know these decisions are made by the editorial board opinion writers. Some papers have five, some have 10, some have 15. These are people who write the opinion section in the paper, distinct from the journalism section, how it's supposed to work. But you get the point. The opinion writers, what's called the editorial board, will typically take a vote on, on who to endorse. They always endorse the Democrat. Always The New York Times. The Washington Post. Matter of fact, here are some headlines right here from the, oh look, the LA Times endorsement for Attorney General Kamala Harris, editorial, thoughtful and pragmatic.


Kamala Harris belongs in the US Senate here. They endorse Joe Biden. They always endorse the Democrat. Here's what's going on. I've seen it. I've worked it. I've been there as a, I ran in a blue state myself. These editorial board writers are out in liberal la. They're probably in restaurants and stuff. And they're finding out that even in California, Trump has a really passionate base of support. And they're probably saying to themselves, damn, if this guy's gonna do okay but not win California, how bad must it be around the country? Let's not embarrass ourselves, folks. This is a huge deal. It is a huge deal. Her campaign is collapsing. It is your job to do what now?


Execute. Take nothing for granted. They will cheat. And I want you to remember the Washington Post headline. If you are even thinking about getting cocky and you think there's no way we're gonna lose, oh, there is a way. Oh, there is a way. I want you to remember the 2016 Washington Post headline, Chris Aliza and Aaron Blake, that Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. There are a lot of people on our side right now saying, Kamala is, chances are approaching zero too. No, they're not. There's cheating, there's illegals. You have no idea what's gonna happen on election day. Some, some bombshell.


October surprise could incentivize 10,000 people in a swing state. You have no idea. Okay? That's the bad side out of the way. The good side, again, 'cause I'm always gonna balance both. I'm not a lefty where I just give you a one-sided argument that's bullshit. And it doesn't help you and it doesn't help me. I don't wanna play halper again, but I have to because this was originally scheduled to be in the show. But this is Halperin again. Again, a guy who's analyzed political trends for a long time. He's following the early voting numbers. Folks, if this is a big, if caveat or buyer beware, if the vote early numbers hold and you keep doing what you know, you've gotta do voting early in person, bringing 10 people 10, minimum min no excuses, 10, it's gonna be an early election night.


That's a big if because there's not going to be enough numbers between the early voting Republicans that show up and the exit polling for them to steal it. There's just not gonna be a way, there's no way exit polling in this. They're gonna have the numbers to steal it. Listen to Halpern on how bad the early voting numbers are for the Democrats. The Democrats, check this out. Morning everybody. Let's lead with the lead, as they say in journalism, if the early vote numbers stay the way they are. And that's a big, if we'll almost certainly know before election day, who's gonna win the election? We're gonna talk a lot about that, the reasons why Democrats might be underperforming the prospect that they'll recover.


But again, make no mistake if these numbers hold up, if the states where we can understand even partially what the data's like, we'll know that Donald Trump's gonna be president on election day. So we're gonna talk about that. But I didn't wanna bury that 'cause it's extraordinarily important and we gotta track that day to day. That's more important than the polls right now. It's more important than almost anything because it's giving us insight into a variety of factors that are counting for a Republican over performance by various metrics in the early voting, in the battleground state. I'm sorry if I'm beating you up, man, but that's my job. When at all costs. Right now, only one ass is going in that seat in the Oval Office.


And we cannot lose if you continue this pattern. The Democrats, you heard Halburn say, this is all this guy does. I'm not a political science guy. I'm an opinion guy. I like to think in ideology, advanced conservatism, liberty and freedom, whatever. Who cares? Who gives a shit? I'm just telling you, this guy analyzes the numbers. He's like a bill hammer type on fox. It's what they do. He's telling you the Democrats did not factor in this massive turnout. It was not in their strategic, how do we steal the election plan? They don't know what to do. There's not enough time for them to re, you know, to to, to realign their entire strategic plan.


You're screwing them up. Keep it up man. Keep it up, right? I'm gonna take a quick break and I wanna show you why a long time ago, and if you, you P one listeners out there, the P ones, even the P twos and definitely the p ones of P ones. You guys all know. I told you the reason the Democrats had under underestimated Trump support is they were relying on their 20 16, 20 20 coalition. Young voters, black voters, Hispanic voters, suburban women, they were, that's why their samples are all off folks. The Trump Coalition in 2024, because of the victimization of Donald Trump has completely changed working class People saw what happened, and I'm gonna show you what I mean.


Coming up the Trump coalition is totally, completely different.


You having trouble falling asleep or staying asleep, I've been there. It's not just about being tired, it's about the toll poor sleep can take under your body. There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of beams dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. I love the product. When you're sleeping well, you're sharper. I'm certainly more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. I get a little depressed when I don't sleep too. Today, My listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder There Science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. It's delicious. It tastes great. Other sleep aids can cause Next, Day grogginess. but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI, Magnesium, l-theanine, apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try beam's bestselling dream powder beams now offering Bongino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thank you Beam. We appreciate it folks.


Everybody's noticing it. The Trump Coalition has completely changed. It is a different operation now. This is a totally different campaign. It is a different candidate and working class people who feel screwed by the system and it is not a racial, ethnic, or religious thing. Don't make it. It's not, it is this phenomenon. Trust me when I tell you, crosses racial barriers crosses religious lines. The, the process, the, the persecution of Donald Trump by a weaponized justice system has alienated working class Americans who feel like the thumb of the system has been on them for a long time.


It has created a renaissance of support between working class white voters, black voters, Hispanic voters. You have to be an asshole not to recognize it. Look at what happened when they started locking this guy up and look at the support. It's directly proportional. More prosecution, more support. Here's a CNN commentator telling you exactly what I'm telling you about the Hispanic vote. Folks, if these numbers hold, there's no math for Kamala Harris to, to win. Check this out. Kind Of the jitters that are on the democratic side is because that there's this feeling and these polls are showing that Kamala Harris, vice President Harris is underperforming with Latino voters.


And I think, you know, kind of what we've already talked about is Latino voters are not monolithic, right? And there are plenty of Latino voters who are concerned about the border, may want a stronger border, may look at, you know, the rhetoric that that Trump has about, you know, immigrants or people coming over and say, that's not me. I did it the right way. They didn't do it the right way, Folks, they're second guessing everything now. They're freaking out. I, get that. Believe me, I did not accidentally title this thing. They Want. Biden Back. I'm gonna get to that whole, you'll see they are starting to freak out now. Young voters were, that was the Democrat firewall. They figured they may be able to lose a point or two of the black vote a point or two or three, maybe four or five of the Hispanic vote.


But they felt like if they could get the Obama Hopey Changey thing out and a young kid showed up that this thing was gonna be a route, folks, it's not happening. It's not happening. These college campuses, you can find Trump supporters everywhere, even on some liberal ones. It's insane. I want you to, this segment here almost sums up the entire broken phenomenon the left have been putting out there that they're the party of the Hispanic vote. This M-S-N-B-C segment is laughable. Trump is in South Florida in the Miami area. He's talking to Hispanic business entrepreneurs, Hispanic voters who love him down here. I live here. Folks that gonna tell me what South Florida likes. If you're a liberal watching the show, I live here.


I live in South Florida, okay? We're down in Miami all the time. There is a phenomenal amount of Donald Trump support in the Cuban community, the Puerto Rican community. If you don't see it, I can't help you. You're too stupid to watch the show. Here's M-S-N-B-C. They've got a commentator on trying to crap on Donald Trump with the Hispanic vote as Donald Trump is getting a round of applause at a Hispanic vote round table. He didn't sell Florida this side by side. What do I tell you about politics? It's two things. What are they? Yes sir. Snapshots and soundbites, man, watch this and listen to the soundbite in contrast to the snapshot.


Check this out. This Is a person that has been a no friend of the Latino community, no friend of immigrant communities, and he attacks us constantly. So as a community, we should rally behind the person that has always supported us. Donald Trump has been the most anti-Latino president, the most anti-Latino political figure of the modern era. I I just asked the guys, I go, can you guys please pull a screenshot of that? Is this not the entire election cycle? Summed up, left wing communist network, everything Cubans and Venezuelans wanna get away from M-S-N-B-C that loves communism. They have a left wing lunatic on the air screaming about how much Hispanics hate Donald Trump while Donald Trump is at a Hispanic round table in a Hispanic area of Hispanic South Florida, right?


Look at this. Getting a round of applause while this guy's screaming. Look at this, look at that's even better, dude. We should not have even played the audio. We don't even need the audio. This thing, man. This is an instant classic. This sums up. We need to get, this needs to be a clip. This is a, all this is the entire election summed up right here out of touch. Elitist bow tie, wearing fo gra communist supporting media. Idiots going Hispanic, Hey Donald Trump. And then actual Hispanics sitting there cheering on Donald Trump in a Hispanic area of south. This is the greatest thing I've ever seen.


What a freaking cloud show. I'm telling you, I pulled that yesterday. I'm like, if I snapshots and sound bites, man, if I could only sum it up with one image about the Hispanic vote, that is it. And folks, don't forget the collapse with young voters too. Kamala Harris is fake. Listen, it, it, it this show. I really can't stand it when people, you know shit on young voters. It's stupid. We were all folks, come on in the chat. Let's be honest with each other. I love you guys in there. I mean, was anybody really smart when we were younger? I don't mean book smart I mean like street smart and savvy. You gotta, the thing about street smarts is you learn it in the street over time.


You know, you curse out the wrong guy, he kicks your ass. But that happens with chronological time. I mean, you know, I remember one time throwing a beer bottle broke. I thought it was funny and I slipped and fell on it and got myself. And I was like, what an asshole like you. It comes with time. You know, so we, we should never shit on young voters. That's what the left does. Kamala Harris, you're all stupid. They're not stupid. They're not stupid. I mean. My daughter's a young voter. She works really hard. She makes dumb mistakes. Hell, I make dumb mistakes. But Kamala Harris, one thing young voters are good at, they are, come on, you know, is they can sense fraud. They can, they can just sense fraud. There's always a poser in their group. Kamala Harris is a fraud.


And this story do not underestimate the power of the story. The media's trying to bury this. Kamala Harris is knee deep in a massive plagiarism scandal. Why do you think, why do you Think that this story really resonates with young voters? Because folks, a lot of 'em are in college now, where if they get caught pulling one passage from chat GPT, they could be thrown outta school. And yet the woman won. Run for president. According to this Aaron Siberian tweet and this new exclusive in 2007, plagiarized entire pages of congressional testimony from a Republican colleague in 2012, she plagiarized a fictionalized story about sex trafficking presented as a real case.


Folks, it's not just her book. He know it's a career long pattern. Look it up, Aaron Sabar, you can check this whole thing out. The tweets on the screen. How do you think this resonates with young, young active voters? Folks that they, they would be thrown outta school. This woman wants to be the commander in chief. You would be thrown out of school or fired from your job. Now why did we title the show the way we did today? I'm not making it up. This is the Hill folks. Again, this is like another communist outlet. What if Joe Biden was a better candidate all along? Oh my God, Not actually in there.


Sorry, it's some hydrogen water right now. Didn't I tell you this was gonna happen? Was your boy right? Was I right or was I right? Did I not say go back and watch the show. P ones go back six months ago before Joe Biden went out of got outta the Race. And I said to you, the only thing stopping them is wired in Democrats. No, Kamala Harris is an even worse candidate than Joe Biden. And why did I tell you? Do you remember? Because Joe Biden at least fakes the working class Scranton kid thing. It's fake, it's bullshit. But he fakes it better than Kamala Harris. I told you I knew it was coming.


You are going to see the Biden people in the next few days flags in the chat, flags in the chat. Wanna see 'em right? Who, who got it first fire for effect. That's amazing. You got the before I even said it then always the skeptic. 22 red flags in the chat everywhere. I want you to see it. You're gonna see it right now in the next few days. If more polls come out, there we go. Now they're fired up. If more polls come out showing Kamala Harris performing exceptionally poorly, I guarantee you political playbook, Axios, New York Times, Washington Post. There we go. Like to see that, love to see it. I guarantee you there are gonna be leak upon leak upon leak from the Biden White House about how awful Kamala Harris is.


Flag it. It's gonna happen. You'll thank me in advance. It's gonna happen. Watch Nailed down after she loses like the internal collapse. That's a good point. If big, if, if she loses and it's bad, folks, the, I never like to take victory laps because we don't even have time for that. We gotta save the country. But if she loses, if she wins, it's gonna be a horrible couple weeks, days, months, years, right? We get that. He just said it. If she loses the meltdown and the Democrat party, if it's bad and say she like loses Virginia or something is you are going to sit there and you're gonna be like, you know what? You're gonna be like, you're gonna be like this.


You are gonna crack a little dom. You're gonna be like, you are gonna love every freaking second of it. It's going to be glorious, Glorious. I can already see the first post come in the young Turks, you Know. Oh, I, I don't know if you, he lost it last time. The Young Turks guy. I listen, we're hoping he shows up so don't miss it on Friday. Alright, I got one last set of breaks and then I told you to vote early, right? I don't wanna make any unnecessary leaps in logic, but I'm seeing a lot of kind of suspicious things about election day. I'm just gonna throw it out there and you can make your own judgment as if this is an accident, a cybersecurity exercise thing on election day.


Like whose idea was that? I don't know. It sounds kind of weird. Sounds like the January 6th data swap. The Secret Service claims they did where they deleted the text. Oh, we did a data swap on January 6th. Sure, sure you did


folks. A lot of people ask me, how'd you get so lean? And the answer is lean. Well, what is it? Like? Who's on first thing? No, no, that's the product. Lean from Brick House Nutrition. I did. I got really lean. You know, I, I don't want look like, you know what? I don't wanna do a Geraldo like, hey look at me, I'm half naked. Like, that'd be kind of weird. But I promise you like I got really ripped on this stuff. Brickhouse Nutrition's doctors created this supplement called Lean and the results are remarkable. I'm a testimony to it right now. You just go look. A year ago or two years ago, you could see I was, you know, chunky face and everything and I knew I had to lean out. I was about 20 pounds carrying extra 20. I was killing my joints. The studied ingredients in Lean have been shown to help lower your blood, blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Listen, you can take a lot of those weight loss shots, but they're expensive and who knows what the long term effects are gonna be. Lean is for the Dieter out there who needs to lose 10 pounds or more. If you've been frustrated, the doctors over there created this product. I love it. Paula used it, I use it. I wanna get you started today with 15% off. Just give it a shot. Free rush shipping. You can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. You will see the results. Visit take lean LEA n.com. Here's a promo code for you 'cause we love promo codes. Dan one, five for Dan 15, Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat care, preventative disease and is not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Our last sponsor today is MyPillow. We love Mike. Hey, a large retail store canceled a huge order of my pillows with a ton of extra content they have now. So you know what? That's their loss and it's your gain. So for the first time ever, you get a standard classic MyPillow like I sleep on for wholesale prices only 1488. But it gets even better for a limited time. They can offer the entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get queen size my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar more. Get the body pillows. I use one of those for my shoulders for 29 88. multi-use my pillows for only 9 88. So go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Take advantage of wholesale pricing For the first time ever, receive free shipping on orders over $75. That's right. Get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. They've never been offered this law before. Limited quantities at this price limit's gonna be 10. There's once they're gone, they're gone. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code. Dan, once again, that's mypillow.com. Call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest price ever. Thanks, MyPillow.


Why do I keep telling you all to vote early? 'cause I'm trying to be annoying. Oh, because I'm trying to win. And also please look it up. We put it on the show, the Department of Homeland Security under Biden and Alejandro Mayorkas, who I don't trust as far as I could throw and that's not far, has already said that there is a threat of A-D-D-O-S denial of service attack on election day. Either way, if they're lying or not, it still means 'cause they'd be lying for a reason. You should vote early. Do not get caught on a line on election day where they come out and go, sorry, we ran outta paper. The internet doesn't work. It's gonna happen, it's gonna happen.


And then we see this, there's a Homeland Security conference on, on critical infrastructure with a large scale cybersecurity exercise on November 5th. Listen, I wanna get ahead of myself. This stuff could have been planned in advance. I don't do conspiracy theory stuff. I'm just saying folks, it's a little hot, isn't it? Oh yeah, elections Planned. Yeah, I mean it's not like we didn't know election day. It just sounds kind of strange and say there's a one in a billion chance because I mean if you're gonna do it, like why advertise it. But say the one in a billion chance. This is some kind of like shenanigans thing.


Why take it? I don't understand why you would take it. And for the argument about voting early that well, it cannibalizes the election day vote. That's bullshit. You don't understand political science. Election day leakage is a real thing. One to 2% of Republican voters do not vote who say they're gonna vote on election day because an emergency happens. You vote early. If an emergency happens on election day, it doesn't matter. Your vote's backed. I'm just throwing that out there folks, if you don't expect more of this, I'm, I, you know, it, it, you're crazy. There's going to be shenanigans as we move forward and it's going to get worse as the poll numbers for Kamala get worse. And if you don't vote, I just want you to be aware that you are, you are never gonna get your government back.


Listen to what I'm about to tell you. You can vote your way into socialism, which will, it's just what'll happen If Kamala Harris wins, you can never vote your way out, ever. I don't even wanna tell you the only way outta socialism. There's only one way out. And I assure you it ain't voting. So Donald Trump does this McDonald's visit and I have the proportionality rule. You know what that is? As the Democrats go crazier about something Donald Trump does, it means the tactic was effective. They are still losing their minds about McDonald's. This scum weaponized garbage Democrat. Weaponized government will do anything in their power to make anybody's life miserable.


Who supports Donald Trump? Look at this tweet here. Now it turns out a bunch of US senators now on the Democrat side, of course are investigating McDonald's for price gouging. Price gouging at fucking McDonald's as if it's a new company that just came out yesterday. Here's the New York Times about McDonald's piling on McDonald's folks, you think this is an accident? He doesn't seem to know how to do it. Talking about Donald Trump and his McDonald's performance earning mixed reviews. Folks, I'm telling you, this was all planned in advance when they found out Donald Trump was gonna do this. Here's Newsweek Grammar here. By the way, the the well I, I shouldn't be the one to comment on grammar, but it is a New York Times.


You'd think they'd have like an editor looking at. Here's Newsweek folks, the proportionality rule. These media filth will do the best they can to promote garbage information before an election. McDonald's Donald Trump worked at failed last health inspection. This get a freaking lawyer. If we lose this election, then you are a conservative influencer. If you are a member of a meme team, if you are on the Donald Trump campaign, you have better get a lawyer. The misinformation will never stop. The only way to defeat these people and watching their credibility in Gallup, the media credibility collapse to where seven And what is it?


Seven and 10 Americans don't trust anymore is one of the most glorious moments of my life. I tweeted about it this morning. Here's why. Here's ABC's Rachel Scott, absolutely her humiliating herself on TV, promoting misinformation about the hurricane response while claiming the misinformation she's promoting is misinformation. Check this out. But In the final stretch, Donald Trump using increasingly incendiary rhetoric to attack vice President Kamala Harris and still pushing false claims about the administration's response to the hurricane with the election only two weeks away, Donald Trump crisscrossing battleground North Carolina And a very special hello to North Carolina, The former president surveying the damage from Hurricane Helene, still pushing false and debunked claims that the federal government diverted disaster funds to undocumented migrants.


Officials warned disinformation has led to violent threats against FEMA workers. Something Trump refused to condemn Claims. Debunk claims about FEMA money going to illegal immigrants. Wow, that's interesting. Here's a Heritage Foundation article. It Is Time to Stop Allocating FEMA Funding to Illegal Immigrants. They even have the numbers. I thought this was misinformation. Rachel Scott from a BC. Why do people think you're dip shits in the media? Because you are dip shits in the media. Fiscal year 2022, Congress added 150 million for fema for shelter.


Basically for illegals. The era was compounded in 23 and 24 CBP handed over 800,000,600 50 million to FEMA's newly branded shelter and services program for illegals. Folks, I'm telling You right now, man, this is bad. This is bad. You can expect these people to lose their minds as the Kamala numbers get worse. You're gonna see more of this Rachel Scott bullshit. Big tech is gonna double down. I played for you yesterday. I'm gonna be focusing on big tech short segments from this point on. 'cause we gotta win this election. I don't wanna waste a lot of time and stuff you already know, but I want you to be very careful here.


Big tech is gonna do everything they can to censor negative information about Kamala moving forward. They're already doing it about the plagiarism scandal. You haven't heard the story, right? Imagine if Donald Trump wrote some kind of thesis in high school and plagiarized the whole thing. The story would be freaking everywhere. An interesting question from Chad. Boy if she loses and as the president of the Senate, will she certify the election folks? Interesting. Who is that? I can't see with the camera there, but JL Bellies, JL Bellies, I, I don't know the woman's crazy. I'm telling you right now with Jamie Raskin and others already advancing the fact that they're not gonna certify the election and, and implying it. I wouldn't be surprised.


Another huge bombshell yesterday by Paul d Thacker exclusive documents working with Matt Taibbi. They found out that the center countering digital hate, which is a big scam BS fake misinformation. Their goal working with UK's Labor Party is to quote, kill Elon. Elon Musk's Twitter do advertising focus, meaning harassing the advertisers. Folks, there is so much bullshit going on behind the scenes right now, stuff I don't even have time to tell you. If we lose, look at the, put that up again. They will kill the only micro blog platform we have right now that is even remotely oriented towards free speech, not run by Donald Trump.


I mean we have true social. Obviously this is the only one we have truth, but this is the only platform we've taken over. Now it will be dead. And so we'll true social. If we lose, we will be back to 100% censorship. There's more shenanigans going on behind the scenes too. Have you noticed that the media has totally failed to report on the two assassination attempts of Donald Trump and the potential motives of the alleged assassin in one case and the the now dead killer in the other 'cause he did shoot and kill Corey comparator. Have you noticed that story has completely gone into the phantom vacuum zone and we've never heard of it again.


The great Mike Bens will be with us on election night. There is no better expert on the deep state. He was on the other day on a podcast and he brought up some interesting little tidbits about the suspected assassin in the second case and his involvement with the deep state. And this may explain why the government has suspiciously asked for delays in this case with the second assassination attempt, even though the case appears pretty open and shut. I'll ask him about this on election night too, but this is an eye check this Out. So Ryan Ralph was basically, you know, the, the 37th leg of a of a CIA recruit paramilitary recruiting operation to top up human meat fodder in Ukraine.


And he was working with the State Department to try to convert these passports into no look Visas for these fighters. And he was flagged by Customs and Border Patrol in June, 2023 for this operation. It was referred to by to D-H-S-H-S-I, the same group that that basically is, is implicated, it, it, at least in in, in an indirect fashion, but potentially even in a direct fashion in both assassination attempts. HSI refused to interrogate by and Ralph when he returned to the country, Des despite being flagged to do so by customs and Border Patrol, the guy has been arrested almost a hundred times in his life, but never spent a day in jail. And most importantly, two and a half weeks ago, this Justice Department made a public statement saying it is seeking an indefinite delay of the trial of Ryan Roth because of complex evidence.


And you know why that is? It's because the complex evidence will reveal that Ryan Roth was working his way through A-C-I-A-D-O-D State Department operation to militarily recruit terrorist fighters into Ukraine, which is a major international incident. Folks, our government has been completely compromised. You understand what I'm telling you? The reason the deep state, the media, the liberal communists left is so freaked out about the polling numbers of Kamala Harris is they feel like in the next two weeks they're all gonna be exposed if Donald Trump is the president-elect, Trump knows where the bodies are buried. Now folks, our government has been completely corrupted. Do you see this Tweet by Steve Miller?


There's now an espionage investigation into these leaks of the Israeli attack plan on Iran. And we find out one of the suspects was part of an investigation going back years and was still inside the government. We have people suspects in this case with suspicious ties to the Iranian government and nobody seems to care A report on Sky News and Arabic from a senior Pentagon Official, the name of the director who was suspected of leaking the documents of the Israeli attack on Iran, is an American of Iranian origin. Folks, I already told you during my time in the Secret Service that you think the government is like a bunch of Jason born like operatives.


You are outta your mind. There are people in there, the government knows their problems and they not. They, they, they like it. They, they, they do nothing about it. We have one shot here, man. And this clip I'm gonna play next is probably the most disturbing one of the show. I trying to scare you. I told you I referenced that guy on Twitter in the beginning. He thinks sometimes there's too much doom and gloom. I'm really not trying to scare her. I'll actually end on a funny note with JD on the JD Vance on the theta and cracking me up. But I want you to listen to this clip by Harriet Hagerman. You know Harriet Hagerman, she's the Republican who defeated Liz Cheney by about 3000 points in Wyoming.


Humiliated that train wreck. She's now the congresswoman at large from Wyoming. Here's Harriet Hagerman. They uncovered a scheme by the IRS. Did you know that she alleges they're using artificial intelligence right now to put together little portfolios on you folks if we lose this stuff and they, the tyrants have never had more technological power to ruin your life than they do right now, right now. And you don't think this is gonna get worse. You don't think they're gonna cross reference your financial records using AI with your firearms purchases, credit card records, zero chance there will be a portfolio on every single one of you.


Listen to this crap. And What we have learned is that the IRS in fact has been using AI to access bank accounts of American citizens without any kind of a search warrant or even without any specific claim that, that they have committed a crime. So this was something that was discovered by, by an undercover journalist. And what they found is that the IRS has claimed that they have access to every single person's bank account. This person also indicated that they've been working with the Department of Justice and that they have absolutely no problem whatsoever going after the little guy to make sure that they are paying their taxes. Mm. This is such a blatant violation of the Fourth Amendment that we have. Jim Jordan and I sent a letter to the IRS demanding that they provide additional information about what they are doing with AI and what they are doing to protect the civil rights of American citizens.


Folks, If Donald Trump gets selected, one of the first things him and his team should do after they're sworn in is to go to all the federal agencies and ask 'em what they're using these new powerful, artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence programs for I can almost guarantee you that this is not the only entity, the IRS that is using it guaranteed. You don't think the a TF is using this. You want a profile on every single one of you. This stuff could happen. Now, I don't wanna be accused of doom and gloom stuff. So here's a couple kind of ridiculous things that happen. This isn't funny and so much as it's tragic because the left is just so freaking stupid.


Skip the fact checking thing for a minute. I said I'll get to that in a second on CNN, but I wanna go to the Kinzinger story first. You know, Adam Kininger crying, whining, loser, always sitting there, you stood, you're good. I mean fake Republican. Absolute zero. There's a lot of scandals about Kinzinger too going on. I encourage you to look him up. Of course, the left loves him because he is a Ws bag. He's a coward. He's a Trump, he's a chump. He's a complete loser. So Inger goes out, of course, the campaign for a hapless goofball democrat. This guy Lucas Cuntz or whatever his name is, Lucas Cuntz Lucas, yeah, it's his same Lucas Cuntz, that's his name. You can say Lucas. And they go to do an event. And if you've seen it, Adam Kinzinger thought it was a good idea to shoot Little Steel Knockdowns at about, I don't know, less than 10 yards.


And for those shooters out there, would you shoot a steel knockdown at five to 10 yards with a scope, with a 2, 2, 3 round for those shooters in the chat? Why wouldn't you do that Now? It'll take you about five seconds to type their response. Well, there's a damn good chance you'd frag people number one and second. What the hell would you even need to shoot a freaking five yards with a scope? You dumbass, especially steel. So what happens? K-O-M-U-A TV reporter of course was fragmented, struck by a bullet fragment at the Lucas Cunts campaign event. What is his name? Shati Ramesi from KOMU. Holy shit folks, these people are morons after tampon, Tim and the Elmer Fudd incident where he couldn't even load his own shotgun, you would think the left would stop going to Red States and pretending they know how to handle firearms.


Can I tell you a quick, I promise a fast story. I swear to I can't get enough of that image. I promise you this story is real. I don't tell you bullshit stories. When I was running for the congressional campaign in Maryland, the one we almost won, it was like two weeks to go in the election, and they were a little worried about conservative turnout being strong in the state. so I had a focus group. Say, Dan, oh, I need, here's Kininger. I mean, what is that 10 yards? Where? Where he's using like a is this for real? I mean, is this like a clown show? Bottom line is the, this team I had said, Dan, you gotta go out and go to a range and shoot.


And folks, I'm a, I was, I was NRA backed. I mean, I I am, I'm this pro. Second Amendments again, I just thought it was, I don't know, I just didn't, I didn't wanna do it. I just felt that I was pretending like to be a tough guy and stuff. You can agree or disagree, had nothing to do with the gun thing at all. I just didn't like it. Why do Democrats keep doing this? You don't even know how to handle guns. You chumps. You got someone hurt and then they won't advertise this thing. They wouldn't advertise this with Lucas Cuntz. Like, it was like a huge, big success. So make sure you're voting for Josh Hawley is Republican opponent. Make sure it's really humiliating. So this, this tool never runs for office again. I told you, I I, I'd help you out with some kind of humorous stuff, lighthearted stuff at the end of the show.


This is why Donald Trump is performing exceptionally well with young voters. He goes out and does all of the podcast, young voters listen to how do you go get young voters to vote for you. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna put out a profound piece of political tactic. Strategery, you go and talk to young voters. Shocker, I know he's now going on the most popular podcast in the world. Donald Trump is scheduled now, according to News Reports to go on Joe Rogan, he's now done, I guess what, like of a Theo Vaughn. He did, he did Nel, he did me. I know he is been on Shapiro. He's been on the Undertaker.


He's probably done five of the top 20 podcasts. jd he did Dave Ramsey, did Dave, he did Dave Ramsey. I'm trying to, I'm, I'm just trying to think off the top of my head. I know he's done. Forbes had an article about it yesterday. That's why I read it. JD is good at this too. Here's JD on Theo v Theo v Very, very popular podcast. Huge, huge show. Big, massive audience. Here's JD on Theo Von. And again, you got Tim Walls, his opponent, vp. I can't even load a firearm. You got jd, former Marine laughing it up. O Vaughn makes a joke about how fentanyl's so bad folks. It's a joke to it. A lot of people like, oh, it's a joke. Like we gotta learn to laugh a little bit.


The O Vaughn makes a joke. You can't even do cocaine anymore. The the Fentanyl problem is so bad. You risk killing yourself because everything's polluted. With Fentanyl. Just watch this moment. This is why JD and Trump appeal to voters, younger voters who can see through bullshit. Check this out. You can't even do cocaine in this country anymore. You know? And that seems like a crazy thing to say. And don't say that. Don't say that. I, but I said it, but, but yeah. But don't say that anymore. I'm gonna, the last one I went to some dude's selling a fucking boat at one of them. That's it. Exactly. And we're like, you can't do, we're trying to get off of drugs, dude. And yeah. And some guys started bidding on the boat. I'm like, and they had made 'em take it outside. Yeah. Because it's outside issues or whatever.


Dude, I was in an in a meeting. Some guy had a fish hook stuck in his fricking cheek, dude. Oh, really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Man. Could either, but he had two weeks clean. Yeah. He'd either had a really bad night or a really good night. Maybe both. Jesus, Can I even, he's laughing. You don't laugh at anything. He's like the most serious guy, folks. Did I not tell you? JD was the guy. Trust your brother Dan. Trust your brother Dan. I know SPR thinks don't hate me, man. I'm just telling you. I've seen this guy operate. He has a social IQ that is off the charts, man.


The guy is just relatable and funny and he does the job. He's said he doesn't upstage Donald Trump. He doesn't try to be Donald Trump. He's just hilarious. He's on this show, laughing it up about a guy with a fish hook in a meeting. I know you love jd. I'm looking now. Look, love. Thank you. There's a JD emoji and I didn't even notice that there's a jd. Oh, it's the jd. It's the JD side eye. The JD jds. Put it up there. Load up the chat. Load up the chat, load it up. Try to break it with JD emoji. We can't break it, but you've totally failed. Hey, one last thing. I want to get this one because it's a CNN clip, but this one up next, I want to g I'm gonna amazingly get through all the content today, folks.


It's gotten so bad that even left wing fact checkers on some of these networks are starting to really panic about what's going on. Why they're starting to fact check some of the stuff on the left. I gotta be candid with you. I don't know. I think it's because maybe they wanna pretend they did journalism knowing that the race may be a F of accompli. She doesn't turn it around. But this is a pretty embarrassing segment. Daniel Dale, who's one of the worst fact checkers on planet Earth. He doesn't even actually check facts, has to acknowledge that their claims about manufacturing jobs and Donald Trump are absolute complete bullshit. Watch this hilarity. Let's talk about building, let's talk about manufacturing. Building back up manufacturing in the United States is a focus of, of both campaigns.


I wanna play for you what Vice presidential candidate Tim Walls said about this yesterday. We wanna make sure that you're able to bring manufacturing like Kamala Harris did we know Donald Trump lost more manufacturing jobs in any President American history? Yep. That's simply factual. What are, what are the facts here? Well, if you're gonna say something is simply factual, it should be factual. This is not, it's not true that the Trump presidency lost more manufacturing jobs than any other presidency. Under George W. Bush, there were about 4.5 million manufacturing jobs lost under Trump. It was about 178,000. Now there are also more manufacturing jobs lost than under Trump, under Eisenhower, under Ford, under Reagan.


So Trump does not have the record. I think it's also worth pointing out for context that these Trump job losses in manufacturing overwhelmingly occurred because of the Covid Pandemic pre pandemic under Trump. There was a gain of about 414,000 manufacturing jobs. Again, he ended a negative 178,000. But that was largely because we had a pandemic related crash. It I, I dunno, whatevs to tell you, they lie about everything all the time. Do me one favor on the way out folks, can we break the chat again? Put a letter in there. We're gonna try it one more time. I wanna make sure on election night that we have a pretty seamless experience. Rumble's been tearing it up. We need you guys break the chat. Go throw something in there. That's what the Dan Bongino Show does better than anyone. 'cause we have the largest live stream audience for politics anywhere in the United States.


Thanks to the Bino Army, join us Election night. Be there 7:30 PM Eastern time. Rumble dot com slash bino. Download the Rumble app today. That's the mission. Go forth. Download the Rumble app today. It is free. Follow the Dan Bongino Show. Just click that subscribe button. It is absolutely free. If you want an ad free experience, sign up for Rumble Premium, but the show is free. Rumble dot com slash bonino. One more favor Before election night, get us up there on the charts on Apple and Spotify. We appreciate it. Apple Podcasts. Follow the Dan Bongino Show Spotify. Search for the Dan Bongino Show. Follow it. Really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in about five minutes. And back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.