
Welcome to VINCE on a Thursday, baby boy. Do I have a show for you Democrats that should be arrested? Yeah, we'll get to that. There's quite a few of them. Also, We got Dr. Jay Charya in the house, the head of the National Institutes of Health. Love this guy. I wanna ask him all about a very scary story developing out of a bio lab and a threat to the American people will address that coming up with Dr. Ria. And also, we've got some updates on Ed Martin and Dan Bonino, what they're up to. And so much more all ahead on this edition of VINCE. Always so good to have you with us. Whether you're listening to the podcast or you're watching us live rumble.com/ VINCE, appreciate you, appreciate the awesome chat, man.


We've got a lot going on today. I gotta thank our sponsors that make this all possible.


You know, this July, there's a global summit of bricks, nations going on in Rio Daja, Brazil, the A block of emerging superpowers that includes China, Russia, India, Iran. Talk about a crazy group. They're all meeting with a goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency, and they're calling this the Rio Reset. As Bris nations push forward with their plans, global demand for US dollars, well could decrease bringing down the value of the dollars in your savings while this transition will not happen overnight. The so-called Rio Reset in July does mark a pivotal moment where these bricks objectives could move decisively from merely theoretical possibility toward reality. Learn to diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free information kit on Gold by texting my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July. End the Rio Reset. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today. Data and message rates apply.


And while we may have won the election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now's the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising in any way on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile, they're great. They're not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. They're a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. And If you have cell phone service today, well, you can get cell phone service with Patreon Mobile, all with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is this, every dollar you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and the Second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders. Hey, that sounds like me. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US based customer support team is gonna help you find the perfect plan right now to go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you'll get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Yes indeed. Yes indeed.


I'm very much looking forward to our conversation coming up here with with Jay Bot Sharia. Stay tuned for that. The head of NIH brought in as a part of an amazing team. Honestly, it's hard to get better than this of all of these health officials that President Trump has brought in RFK Junior leading the show at HHS. They're bringing in Casey, he means to be the Surgeon General. That's a hmm KISS, chef's Kiss Primo pick to run that job. Dr. Marty McCarey over at FDA and and Dr. Jay Bhattacharya at NIH. These are guys who are rejecting the corporate corruption corporate capture of our federal agencies and instead saying, no, how about we actually operate these agencies for the benefit of American Health, exactly what we want.


So Dr. Jay Charya coming up here. I do want to go over some of the big hearing moments from yesterday involving Secretary Nome. Secretary Christie Nome, the head of the Department of Homeland Security was testifying before lawmakers yesterday. And among the lawmakers who were present for her testimony were some of these Democrats who were just caught on camera assaulting police officers just a few days ago at that ice facility in Newark, New Jersey. Now, of course, we saw one Democrat arrested that was the Newark Mayor himself, who was arrested for trespassing at the facility. But I don know about you. Hey Chet, how do you feel? You wanna see these guys arrested for assaulting police officers?


I do. I'd like to. If you strike a police officer, I'm pretty sure the rule is you're supposed to be arrested and charged for that. We haven't seen that yet, which is kind of annoying me actually. But we did see some testimony from the DHS secretary, Kristi Nu. Now remember, the arrests here would be in the Justice Department's hands now. So that falls to Pam Bondy, the Attorney General. But here's Christie Nome, at the very least, lecturing these Democrats for the violation of the law. Cut one Secretary Nome. But First I would be remiss if I did not address the disturbing actions that we saw last week. There were members of this very committee that took part in an action at Delaney Hall on May 9th that need to be addressed.


I served as a member of Congress in this body for eight years, and I understand the importance of congressional oversight. What happened on May 9th was not oversight. It was a political stunt that put the safety of our law enforcement officers, our agents, our staff, and our detainees at risk. Here are the facts. Yeah. As a vehicle approach, the security date gate at Delaney Hall Detention Center, a mob of protestors, including three members of Congress, stormed the gate and they trespassed into the detention facility. We have footage of those members of Congress slamming their bodies into our law enforcement officers, shoving them, screaming profanities in their faces, striking them with their fists and otherwise assaulting law enforcement.


The behavior was lawlessness And it was beneath this body. Members of Congress should not break into detention centers or federal facilities. Had these members requested a Tour. Okay, that's enough. We Certainly would've facilitated A tour. So that's enough. So you're hearing her saying, look, yeah, yeah, you wanna do this the right way. Do it the right way. You wanna do it the wrong way. That's exactly how you did it. And you, you heard her. She ticked off a number of things, shoving these, these cops, hitting these cops, otherwise assaulting these cops. Striking them. Yeah. That in, in my world, that gets me arrested. Try, try walking out in the street and punching a cop right now and see how that goes for you. Not gonna go well. Oh, but a member of congress gets some sort of extraordinarily privilege here.


They just get to roam free after hitting cops. They're on camera doing it. There's a congresswoman from New Jersey called Lamonica Ver, who's on camera, red jacket, striking police officers over and over. And it doesn't matter that she's weak. It doesn't matter that she probably can't even throw a baseball. The fact is, she's striking the cup. What message does it send If you let her do it and then hold, don't hold her accountable for it. And so one of the things that's driving me absolutely bonkers this week is that they're not getting arrested. And now I, You know, I've been talking about this. I've men mentioned this on the radio show yesterday too. Maybe there's some sort of legal, some sort of like political consideration going on at the very top of the Trump administration.


Oh, don't arrest these guys. Maybe if we do, then the left is gonna turn them into martyrs and then they'll use that against us. And there's gonna be maneuvering. Let me just tell anybody in the Trump administration who's having that impulse right now, stop it. It doesn't matter what you do. They're gonna attack you. You don't arrest them. They attack you. You arrest them, they attack you. Here's what I want. I just want equal application of the law for people who actually break the law. And it's on camera. I don't know how much more clear you can get. Just arrest these people. They don't have to spend the rest of their lives in jail. But send a message. Give them the old perp walk that there are consequences for your actions. That is what we voted for, by the way, a restoration of order, not an uneven distribution of justice, not the abuse of our justice system.


Tyrannical to go after people who didn't actually break the law or to go after them in a way that's not commensurate with the laws that they violated. Oh, trespassing. Lock them up for a million years. No, we're not doing that anymore. But If you strike a cop, you should be held accountable. Arrest these people. I don't know how much more clear I could be on this subject. Law and order now, Congresswoman Ver is still walking free. The lamonica ver again, who was caught on camera, striking cops body checking them. Here is Julio s great reporter chasing her down in the halls of Congress yesterday. Cut two, asking her, how do you account for yourself? Watch as she doesn't. Congresswoman, I just wanted to ask you what your response is to being on camera assaulting ice agents.


Do you have a response to congresswoman Congresswoman? What's your, she's pretending he's invisible. That the migrants held, or the illegal immigrants hiding in Delaney Hall are hardened criminals. Yes. Yeah, they're hardened criminals About this is, oh, look at this congresswoman. She just keeps walking the ice facility. She's got her age next, right now. Yeah. Why wouldn't she say anything? You had a lot. That's good for him. By the way, Julio Rosa is a Marine and he's seen some stuff. He's been here in the United States. He's been at all these, these crazy riots and Kenosha, he's seen it all.


And so here he is walking down the hallway. And what she's doing, by the way, is just straight up rude. You got a human being is speaking to you. He's not being rude to you. He's just asking you questions, answer his questions or tell him, Hey, I don't really have time to answer your questions. Or, Hey, talk to my aide. We can do something else. She's pretending he doesn't even exist. She's a child. She's an emotionally incontinent child. You're invisible. I can't see you. I can't, I'm covering my ears. Ridiculous. I can't see you. It's insanity. Anyway, so she's walking through the halls of Congress pretending he doesn't exist because she has no good answer to that question. She assaulted a cop. And You know, you get a great Julio Rosa asking her about it, and she refuses to answer.


And so now where are we going with these things? So obviously we see these guys violating the law. Now we have a OC and the dial up Democrat, Hakeem Jeffries, the guy who speaks slowly because he thinks slowly. They're all saying that, I dare you. They're daring the Trump administration to arrest these Democrats. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Do it. Find out is what they're saying. Find out what happens If you do that. Okay, what happens? Is that a threat? Are you now, are you gonna assault more cops? Now, is that, is that the plan? Let's start with A OC. Here's a OC cut three, hilariously threatening Tom Noman, Tom Noman, Tom Holman and Christie Nome.


Take a look. If anyone's breaking the law in this situation, it's not members of Congress, it's the Department of Homeland Security. It's people like Tom Holman and Secretary Christie. No wrong. You lay a finger wrong on someone on Representative Bonnie Watson. I Watson Coleman on representative. Oh my God. Or any of the rep representatives that were there. You lay a finger on them. She doesn't know their names. You're going to have a problem. She doesn't know the names of the other representatives at all. Robert Menendez Jr. And Lamonica McIver, she didn't remember their names. You lay a finger on Bonnie Watson, Coleman or any of the others that are there. She has no idea. She doesn't even know the names of her colleagues.


But she says, you better not do it If you do it. Oh, you are in for some trouble, baby. What kind of trouble? What kind of trouble could you possibly create? Your little agent of chaos, Tom Holman thinks, of course this is all ridiculous. Jake Tapper asked him about this yesterday. What do you think of AOCs statement here? Tom Holman. Watch Holman torture. Cut four. Here he goes. First of all, you can't intimidate me. Come on, gimme a break. You know, I was enforcing, I was wearing a green uniform board patrol agent for five years before she was even born. I had more than three decades enforcing immigration law before she came a member of Congress. I've worked for six presidents. I've seen policies, I've seen hundreds of policies. Some work, some didn't. But you can't deny the success of the Trump administration when it comes to border of security.


Again, the most secure board in history of this nation. And I said from day one, and she knows this, you can not support ice shame on you. You can support sanctuary cities. Shame on you. But you can't cross the line. You can't knowingly impede a, a law ice law enforcement officers that is a felony. You can't harbor and conceal knowingly harbor and conceal. It will go alien from ice. That is a felony. And you certainly, certainly can't commit criminal trespass. Exactly. You know, and and as far as New York exactly. Her, her district, this administration's done more to protect her district districts. And she has the number of criminal ambulances we took off the streets of New York made her community much safer. She ought to be thanking the members of this administration. Oh yes. The men and women of ice who protect this country and make her community safer.


So, You know, it, it, it's, it's it politics over public safety. It's just ridiculous. She ought to love her community more than she hates Trump, because we're doing a lot to protect her community. That's, that's the money shot. He stuck the landing there baby. She gotta love her com community more than she hates Trump. Yeah, big time. Big time. Jake Tapper had nothing to say to that. He's just staring. He is like, guy's. Right. I don't even know what to say to this. Yeah. And again, you assault cops arrest these people. Just put cuffs on 'em. Put a camera out there, let 'em know that that happened. I mean, they did it to Roger Stone, right? They, the, the left, they abuse their power. They send the feds down to Roger Stone's house.


They surrounded, right? They put, they put a police boat in the canal behind his house. They show up with guns to arrest an old man scaring the hell out of his wife. They put a CNN camera outside. CNN suddenly knew about it. And there they are in early morning raid. And that kept happening over and over in that Biden administration. They did it to Peter Navarro. They showed up at the airport and they put 'em in leg irons. Okay, you wanna do that to people without cause How about we arrest people with cause how about we do that? Driving me absolutely crazy that it hasn't happened yet. Also, Hakeem Jeffries very slow.


I apologize for that. But nothing we can do about it. It's biological. He just can't get it out quickly. But he, he too threatens the Trump administration. If these Democrats do have some accountability, take a look. Here he is. Your Statement. The other day after there was this incident in Newark, you said they better not touch our members. Correct. What happens if they were to go and arrest these members, or if they would try to sanction them during the House of Representatives? They'll find out. What would you do though? I mean, I they'll find out ofcourse. I mean, doesn't that broach a they'll find out. Doesn't that go across? That's a red line. They'll find out. What, What's the red line though? I mean, I know we have the secret. It's a red line. It's very clear. It's, it's a red line. What does that even mean? It means literally nothing.


I mean, unless it does mean something. Whatcha you gonna activate the storm troopers again? Get the ground troops going. You gonna have 'em running all over the country just causing havoc. Any more police precincts to burn down any more laser pointers to point in the eyes of law enforcement, anything like that anymore? Riots. More death and destruction. Is that what's coming? Attacks on federal courthouses? Is that what you're promising? What exactly are you saying Hakeem Jeffries and speak slowly. Oh, don't worry, you will. Amazing. Oh, you'll find out. Okay, let's find out. I'd love to test that. Just like Tom Holman said, I'm not intimidated, not intimidated by that. Let's see what happens. And regardless of the tack the Trump administration takes here, this is my message for my, my friends in the Trump administration, regardless of the tack you take, they will attack you.


So just follow the law. Just do the right thing. That's all you have to do is very straightforward. So a lot of You know, You know, the, the, the, the updates we've been got getting this week, You know, including from, I talked to Trisha McLaughlin, the DHS spokeswoman earlier this week. She said, look, it's in the hands of the Justice Department right now. They're, they're looking at everything. They're considering everything. Okay? No more looking, no more considering we've, we've looked, we've considered, we saw people break the law, hold him accountable, hold him accountable. We did have some other remainders from the Christie Nome testimony yesterday. Dan Goldman, the ridiculous New York Democrat, the Levi Strauss. He, he, he was spazzing out yesterday.


And Christie Nome was completely composed and, and sober and doing a great job. But Dan Goldman was freaking out. And that's because Christie Nome caught him. What, what did the kids say? Standing, yeah. Standing for terrorists for MS 13. Take a look. Cut six here. Dan Goldman acting like a spazz yesterday. Mr. Rego Garcia, pursuant to this court order, It's gotta be extremely dis discouraging To be one of your constituents. To see you fight for a terrorist like this and not fight for them is extremely alarming to me. I'm fighting for due process constituents. And that's under the constitution. The gentleman time has expired. You fight due process. The gentleman's time has expired.


I just panicking. Oh, I'm fighting for due process. There's like, nah, you, you're fighting for terrorists, actually. Kmar Abrego Garcia. Just wanna repeat the core element of the Abrego Garcia story. A judge asked him in a court years ago, are you, how did you get into the country legally? Or you illegally? He said illegally. I'm sorry. I think the case is open. And sh the due process has occurred. He said, under sworn testimony that he arrived in the country illegally. Get him out. And of course, president Trump did. Coming up, Dr. Jay Borio will have his commentary in just a moment. Big interview ahead. I wanna talk to him about everything going on in health, what he found at his as he arrived at NIH and some big concerns about Bio Labs, including right here in the United States of America.


We'll get to that in just a moment. I got have to thank our great sponsors.


Millions of adults over 65 start to lose their hearing each year. And, You know, my dad actually is one of them. He's been losing his hearing a bit. And lemme tell you, MD hearing has been a game changer for him. In fact, the last time we went out to dinner together, he was able to engage and, and hear the whole conversation and respond. Didn't miss a beat. And that's because MD hearing really brought our conversation to life. Now, this podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing. MD hearing makes high quality, easy to use, rechargeable hearing aids with exceptional sound quality that are personalized to your hearing profile. And they cost a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. They're FDA registered rechargeable, and you're not even gonna know that they're there. They fit right inside your ear. Plus MD hearing just launched their smallest model. Yet the Neo Xs get the high quality affordable hearing aids that you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com, use the promo code VINCE, and you'll get a pair of hearing aids for just 297 bucks. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, which is a $100 value. That's just for listeners and viewers of VINCE. That's shop md hearing.com. Use their promo code, use our promo code, VINCE, and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. That's shop md hearing.com promo code, VINCE?


Yes, indeed. And more and more Americans are prioritizing their wellness and getting back into shape. Studies actually prove that strength training does a lot more to help burn fat than cardio alone. In fact, the bigger muscles you have, the more calories you burn just by sitting around. That's, that's what they call your basal metabolic rate. It's great. And this is why I'm so pleased to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are best in class, and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you could do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms, giving you unlimited width combinations to hit every muscle group. Now, if you're new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that has full body video workouts. You just press play and then you follow along. No excuses. I love my Jacked Up fitness machine. You will too. I'm getting fit. So let's do this together. Go to get jacked up.com. Sign up for their free training program. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rack Pro X, just use my promo code, VINCE, and you'll save 10%. That's get jacked up.com promo code. VINCE,


I'm pleased to say, joining me now is Dr. Badat Sha. Dr. J Bad is the director of the National Institutes for Health, the NIH. And he joins us here on VINCE. Sir, good to have you with us. Thanks for having me, VINCE. So good to talk to you again. It's been a few years. It, it's been a while. But man, I'm so grateful that you're talking to me today. And I'm more grateful actually that you're in the government. I love this. And I'm actually every so often, You know, If you, if If you start getting pessimistic about anything, one area of a lot of optimism is all of the health officials that President Trump has picked. It's, it's you, it's Dr. Marty McCarey over at FDA. It's, it's, Casey means coming in as Surgeon General.


It's RFK Junior is the HHS secretary. I mean, I, it's hard for me to imagine how this cast could get better, sir. Do, do you feel that way? I'd say absolutely incredible. The team is incredible. I mean, I, I I don't know what it's like, it's been like in the past, but I don't think I've ever heard of a more cohesive of team of people leading health and human services. We work together on al almost everything. We managed to get things done that would've would take years to of bureaucratic infighting to accomplish. We, we do 'em overnight and we're all aligned in the same direction. The focus is how do we improve the health of the American people?


It's just amazing, VINCE. It is amazing. And also, each of you, and to your own extent was, especially you were defined by your opposition to senseless government destruction of our country that wasn't predicated on science. So people were gonna, if if they're, they're hearing the name Dr. Jay Bach Chaia and thinking, why do I know that name? Well, the reason for that is because Dr. Bar Bach Chaia was at Stanford and you became famous for signing onto something called the Great Barrington Declaration. And if I remember it correctly, it was that simply focused protection. In other words, the only people who should be subjected to any kind of specialized situation are the vulnerable.


But everybody else, young, healthy people, we don't need to lock down society. And yet you were excoriated for that doctor, weren't you? I I was, it, it was interesting this, this is October, 2020 where we wrote this VINCE, and it was the most common sense thing in the history of common sense things. Right. Protect the vulnerable and don't disrupt the lives of kids, don't, don't like harm them by keeping them out of school. We had now years of, of this opioid epidemic going on hundreds hundred thousands of people dead as a result of it. And it was the lockdowns that accelerated it. Kids that have been behind in school for two years or of learning. I mean, we're gonna, we're we're still picking up the pieces.


I I don't think people understood how powerful the agencies, the health and human service agencies actually were until the pandemic. And I mean, I, I was really concerned through the whole pandemic. I I, I tried my very best to try to sound the alarm bells. It's amazing to me now that I have the chance to be inside and, and help reform these institutions so that this kind of thing never happens again. What is it like being on the inside? So you arrive at an institution that is full of people who clearly had animosity towards you and what you were saying in public, You know, and in fact, the NIH is a massive budget is near $50 billion that, that you have at your disposal that the agency has had as at its disposal.


And much of it was being dedicated to supposed research that was used to try and debilitate people like you who were saying, Hey, this isn't real science. This is, this is, this is nonsense in the service of captured interests. So, You know, what is it like working in that agency now? I mean, I, I I, so I mean of two minds in, in in a sense, VINCE, 'cause I love the NIHI mean, it's, it's supported my research for much of my career And it has a, a really illustrious track record of, of advances in basic scientific knowledge that have resulted in, in, in, in better treatments for people. It's a, it, its mission is absolutely noble and I, I completely support it.


But the idea is that we support research that advances the health and longevity of the American people. Like who, who can be against that. Right? That's a, that's exactly the mission. I I and in that sense, I, I absolutely love the NIH but it has fallen on hard times. The American people don't really trust us anymore. And for good reason what we did during the pan. Now, now I'm saying we, as if I, during the pandemic, I didn't, but what the NIH did during the pandemic, it, it was, I mean, it, it, it, it didn't, it didn't do the research that would've resolved the, the some of the, like for instance, like the research on, on, on that, that, that on whether the Covid vaccine stops you from getting and spreading covid, right?


That instead the NIH kind of leaned in, in, in, in ways to things that led to, You know, mandates. It's led to like all kinds of, of of, of, of, of, of things that were, You know, not, not particularly helpful and worse. The NIH actually supported research that very likely caused the pandemic, pandemic started in China as a, as I believe, as a, as a consequence of research that the Chinese government was supporting. But I'm sad to say the Amer, that the NIH also supported that same research of this gain of function research that that very likely led to the pandemic. So the, the place needs fundamental reform. The, the, the plus side is I found lots of great allies.


There's a lot of great Americans here who want the best for the country and want, wanna advance scientific knowledge. There's a lot of people that are really, You know, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're sitting, they're, they're concerned because they're, they might lose their jobs and all this. And I have sympathy for them too. But the place needs change. And, and I think it's been interesting though. I've been here six weeks and we've, we've accomplished a lot. I've uncovered some things which I, I wish I'd, I'd had never happened. But, but did, but, and we managed to, to make a lot, I'll tell, I'll tell you about, specifically about a incident at a, at a high security lab that I found maybe as, as we, as we move on the conversation. But it's been, it's been eye-opening and it's been really useful to, to learn so many things.


It's still a great institution, but it definitely needs some, some changes. And I'm working on that. I I do wanna ask you about your concerns about what's going on at these really important bio labs, including in the United States. But, but first on, on the mission and kind of the, You know, as you mentioned, C-O-V-I-D-N-I-H funding, going to that Wuhan Institute of Virology, where of course it is believed by most thinking people that the virus emerged from. And, and I wonder, You know, I've heard RFK Jr talking a lot about this lately, the HHS secretary and the way he seems to describe a lot of this so-called gain of function research that the president, he just put an executive order out, banning so much of it around the planet funding for so much of it.


The way I'm hearing people like RFK describe it, it sounds like these are Manhattan projects that they're not actually designed to improve health, but instead they're being sold to the public as health operations when in fact they're the development of bio weapons. So are, do you, do you have, as a part of your, your focus right now preventing NIH funding, which is for health being used for things like bio weapons programs? I, I think the NIH should be entirely civil civilian organization. Right? It should not be involved in any military kind of research at all. I I think that there are other parts of the government that, that, that do that and do that better than us.


The mixing of missions actually poisons the ni h's primary objective, which is to do research that improves the health and wellbeing of the American people, or longevity of the American people. On, on, on the question of this gain of function research, You know, it's funny, VINCE, 'cause some, the, the same research it was pitched as biodefense can also be used as bio offense. It's the same research, the same exact research. And, and in fact, the civilian justification given to the research agenda that I think led to the pandemic was to prevent pandemics to go out into the wild places, find all of the, the, the, the viruses and pathogens that live in places where humans generally don't go.


Bring them into labs and catalog them and ask how close are they in evolutionary space. So they'll make the leap into human populations. And to do that, you have to like essentially weaponize them, right? Make them more infectious in humans and ask how many mutations are needed before they become infectious in humans. You know, it's, it's one of those things where it's, it's an utopian agenda was sold as well. We can prepare for all possible pandemics. And so any possible pandemic in the future we'll know about before it happens, have countermeasures in place like vaccines and, and antivirals. That utopian agenda, I think actually caused the pandemic because it's not possible to handle those agents so carefully that they never, they never leak.


It just, it, it doesn't have to be malicious, it's just human error. And I don't know exactly what happened in Wuhan, 'cause the Chinese won't share their lab notebooks with us. But what I will say is that we should not be engaged in any of these kinds of utopian exercises that pose a risk to human health at the scale that we saw during the pandemic. It's just a catastrophic mistake that we ever engage in this. And whether it's a civilian justification or some biodefense justification, it makes no sense to me for us to the US government or any other government to be engaged in it. So Dr. Charya, when you, You know, I, I know you were standing alongside the president, he just put out this executive order banning gain of function research funding, especially in these risky and adversarial countries, places like China, which of course makes the most common sense in the world that we would start there.


But I understand reportedly that there was a more expansive gain of function banned, considered by the president. That they, there was a con they were contemplating going even further and stopping. And I think, I presume domestically as well. Do, do we need to go further with banning this research in your personal view, VINCE? Actually the, the gain of function ban the president signed is expansive. It's, it's actually everything I wanted. It essentially directs the US government a a as well to, to not support this kind of dangerous research internally and externally. It, it mentioned specifically some adversary nations.


I mean, it's amazing to me that we cooperate, cooperate with the Chinese on this kind of research in the past because that was, that's especially dangerous. But, You know, part of the reasoning why was that the biosafety standards were more lax in Wuhan than they were here. And so we, some, some researchers, I keep saying we, when it wasn't me, some researchers engaged in offshoring this kind of dangerous work because they knew it would be more difficult to do here. But it is also still done here, VINCE. And I think it's dangerous no matter where it happens. And the president's order essentially says no more of it. It's, it's a little tricky because gain of function as a tool is actually useful biologically for, for human health, right?


So for instance, human insulin is produced at scale using a kind of gain of function work and take e coli and trick them into making human insulin. The, the, the problem is gain of function work that has the possibility of causing a pandemic. That's the work we should not be doing no matter what it is, no matter where it is. And I, I, I saw Secretary County say this, and I completely agree we should be promoting an international tree to get rid of this work. It helps nobody, it won't help us win battles with our adversaries. It just dangerous human populations. Yes, that's right. And, and I heard RFK also bring up that, that kind of gain of function research where viruses are made more infectious and more deadly has never once produced a health benefit, which I've been saying for years.


I know, I'm sure I'm certain you've been saying too. So in light of that, if it's all risk and no upside, don't do it. There, there's, it's never proven to be beneficial in any way. I, I mean, VINCE, you're the soul of that's amazing of common sense on this. It's amazing that scientists don't, that, that, that have made decisions that, that, that don't have that kind of common sense. We should be focused on things that improve human health. Like that's our mission. Why are we focused on utopian schemes that have never been proven to, to, to advance human health and that have the risk of causing worldwide pandemics. Yes. Okay. I wanna talk about bio lab safety with you in just a moment here in the United States.


But first, just on that topic are, I don't know if this is a part of ni h's mission at all, but are you familiar with any updates on what's going on with those bio labs that are in Ukraine that have had these dangerous pathogens inside of them or around the planet? Is that a part of the mission of NIH at all to oversee any of that? I've not been made aware of any NIH connection to those labs. I have read reports about them from the outsides, but I'll, You know, if, if, if I learn of things, I'll, I'll let the the public know. I mean, I've been, I've been like uncovering things left and right And it, it's been, some of us have been shocking, I'm sure. We'll, we will talk about one thing, I'm sure right in, in the state you're about to ask me, I hope in a second about, about, about it.


But yes, I haven't found anything yet about the Ukraine Biolab. Okay. Alright. So let's talk about Fort Dietrich in Maryland. This is a US run biolab here in the United States of America. It's got a, it's got an interesting history. The more time you spend looking at Fort Dietrich and, and the kind of things that have emanated from there, the more you start to wonder, wait, what is, wait a second. How safe is this place? Because in the early two thousands there was a researcher there who stood accused of actually being responsible for coming up with the anthrax attacks and then disseminating them around the country. Since that time, there have been a number of times that research has been paused at that facility because of concern about wastewater contamination coming out of it and the risk that it could pose to the public.


And now this week we get a really Dr. Dramatic story that I know that I know you're all over that involves some sort of lover's quarrel going on that may actually pose a risk to the public or could have. Tell us what happened. Oh goodness. This is this one. This one's, I I, I've been scared by very little in the last five years, but this one really scared me. So about three weeks in, three weeks ago, I'd been three weeks in the job. I got a report from, from someone who was inve was, was, was like doing a routine inspection of this lab. The NIH runs one of the labs at Fort Friedrich. They're, they're military labs as well. The lab, the ni h runs is a BSL four lab.


BSL four means like the highest security level you wear, basically, You know, space suits and I mean, they're called the whatever biocontainment suits if you're going to be working in a BSL four lab. And some of the stuff that are, that, that, that are analyzed in those labs are just really nasty things. You know, Ebola encephalitis viruses, and they're just terrible if they get out in the human populations. And of course, they're not common in human populations that, certainly not in the United States. The, the, the investigation uncovered a security incident that happened in March before I actually had signed on that, that a contractor had deliberately cut a hole in one of the by containment suits of a fellow worker.


And I let was go over a lover's spat, as best I can tell, I'm not sure exactly what, what happened. In any case, it's leaving aside the contractor and this act, which is, I mean, effectively an act of attempted murder, if not worse. The, the, the con the the, the fact that this had happened essentially had been suppressed. And what I learned is that the safety culture of the lab was really bad. There were incidents going back into the Biden administration where essentially it was just like, You know, sort of waved aside as if it were just normal. This is not normal. You have people working with some of the most dangerous pathogens on the planet doing experiments with them that, that that could really, if they, if they, if it leaked, could spread out to the entire population damage.


The whole popul. I mean, we saw what happened in Wuhan. And when I heard this, I mean my blood was chilled, I thought, okay, you can't have a a, a lax safety culture in a lab like this. You absolutely have to have a hundred percent commitment to safety when you are engaged in experiments with these kinds of select agents, You know, like pathogens. And so I ordered the a the, the lab essentially shut, shut down until few further notice. We secured those select agents so that they're, they're not gonna pose any risk. The select agents being the viruses and stuff. And You know, sh shut down all those experiments. I'm not gonna reopen the lab until I'm satisfied that whoever is actually running it is has safety as job one, two, and three.


The experiments are, some of them are likely important scientifically, and they, they're worth doing because at least some of them are, we're gonna do a review of that as well. But no matter what the scientific benefit might be, it's not worth the risk of harming human populations at scale with a lack safety culture. And I won't reopen the lab until I'm satisfied that that has been red regressed. That's the proper course of action. Of course. But do you, so do You know, first and foremost if the person who cut the hole in the other person's biohazard suit has been charged with any crime, additionally, the person who had the hole cut in their suit, were they at any time exposed to any of these pathogens?


There's an ongoing FBI investigation, VINCE, so I don't, I i I shouldn't step in, in, in front of it. And I actually have not been briefed yet on what they found on, on that specific, on those specific questions. So, but as far as I know, oh, But, but you're, nobody got sick. You're satisfied. Yeah, as far as I know, no one got sick. Yeah. No. Are you satisfied that there's no threat to the public right now? Yeah, I'm satisfied. There's no threat to the public. I mean, I, I was more, I I think that if there was a threat to the public, we would've, we would've known before I got into office. I mean, it's the kind of agents we're talking that, like the, the kind of experiments we're talking about. So I'm satisfied that there was no threat to the public. No, no, no damage to the public, no risk to the public from this incident.


But I'm not satisfied that we won't have a threat to the public in With, in possible future incidents. 'cause it's the safety culture of a lab like this that determines whether that what that risk actually is. And BSL four labs, there's no room for error. You cannot have any actions like this at, at, at this. And, and a safety culture that this, that waves aside says it's normal. I, I, I mean, you can't have people like that running the lab. I, I mentioned at the outset, Dr. Bachar, that at the NIH you have a huge budget, $48 billion, about about $48 billion. The President has asked you to try and trim things. He, his, his his proposed budget tries to cut things down to, I believe around $30 billion.


You can, of course, correct me if I'm wrong, but that's a lot of money. And one of the things we've discovered about huge pots of government money with little accountability is that there's often a lot of corrupt interest trying to guide that money as the NIH director. How much pressure have you discovered from various US senators and congressmen who are trying to have you serve their various pet projects rather than the scientific interests of the public? You know, it's, it's, it's just interesting 'cause like this job normally is bipartisan. Everyone loves you because you're, you're giving, doing experiments that advance human health. You go around the country giving talks, bragging about the scientific advances. That, that, that, that, that actually, so, You know, in, in normal times it would be a really fun job.


I, I landed in this job in a setting where the, one of the pro most prominent people in the, in the, in this institution had to be pardoned by the, the outgoing president. I mean, it's, it's an institution kind of that that's, it's in a little bit of a crisis. But as I said at the beginning, at the same time, there's a lot of, a lot of goodwill toward the NIH because it has produced advances that have that, that have improved human health. Like we are able to, to treat childhood cancers that we weren't able to treat before the NIH nihs re research, we're able to have the advances in how we manage heart, dis heart disease, treat diabetes. These are big advances that we, we, we now have a cur essentially a cure for sickle cell anemia, which, I mean, these are, these are big advances.


And so when I talk to folks in Congress, it's popular. The ni hs popular. And You know what, I think it ought to be popular in that sense. If you, what I hear from Congress, folks in Congress essentially is, You know, please keep doing this research that advances human health, that improves human health. But please don't do any of the, the politicized stuff that divides people. So that's one of the things I'm really quite proud of. This even started before I got in the office, there were po parts of the NIH portfolio that would, that essentially were like DEI politicized nonsense. They weren't actually science. The NIH is absolutely committed to advancing the health of minority populations.


I mean, minority populations are Amer, are are Americans, and we are, our mission is to advance the health of every single American, no matter what race you are, no matter what, what sex you are, no matter what your beliefs are. There's no Democrat or Republican science. Yeah. There's just science, right? We're, we're committed to that, but we shouldn't be doing work that politicizes science. And we've managed to get rid of almost all of it. At least I hope most, almost all of it. There's, there's a, let me, let me make the analogy with something that happened at the U-S-A-I-D, You know, that agency that that, that, that Doge sort of looked into first at the USID.


They were doing some really good things. Like they had a program called pepfar really universally popular because it provided low cheap HIV drugs to, to patients in Africa, saving millions of lives. It was, it was a really good program. I I I've written about that program in the past. It's a program that was actually rescued and I think brought into by Marco Rubio into the State Department. The same agency had in it a program to add a third gender to the Bangladeshi census. Now Bangladesh has all kinds of problems. There's arsenic in the drinking water, hundreds of thousands of children dying of diarrheal illness illnesses, I mean poverty at scale. And what the US government was doing was adding a third gender to its census.


If you, If you take something that's good, You know, pepfar, and then you surround it and marble it with like absolute politicized nonsense, you leave it, the good things open to political attacks, that should never happen. And it was irresponsible for the leaders of, of, of the U-S-A-I-D to allow the good things to be surrounded and marbled with, with, with politicized nonsense. And I think that in, in a sense, the, the transition is, is to making sure that the NIH focuses on actual science that actually advances human health. That's, that's what we've been doing. I, You know, I don't want to get too far into the budget 'cause it's, it's a budget fights are always not, not, not, not fun to talk about. But I think that there's a lot of support that even from the president himself wrote a letter to the, the, his science advisor, Michael k tios, committing the US to be the premier nation in bio biomedicine in the 21st century.


And the NIH is going to play A-T-A-A-A key role in that, in that, in that, that aspiration. All right. Well, Dr. Charya, I'd, I'd be remiss if I escaped this interview without asking you about what other things you discovered that have shocked you while you've been in the job. You mentioned, of course, what's going on at Fort Dietrich. Shocking enough to hear that a lover's quarrel resulted in a, in a potential massive, massive problem there. What else has shocked you that you've discovered? What, what are you finding? You know, one of the things, okay, so this is probably not, shouldn't be a, shouldn't have shocked me, but it did. The way that the press reports, some things are so distorted. It's, it's almost, I mean, it's mind blowing.


Let, let me give you an example. We found, one of the things I found is that, so researchers often work with, for, with foreign, foreign universities, foreign labs, it's normal. I mean, it's, nor like international collaboration, science is normal. The, the way the NIH paid for these things was by something called sub-awards. So an American university or some, some university in the United States researcher says, I'm gonna work with, You know, some, somebody in France. We give money to the, the American, American University, then the, then the university then gives the money to the, the lab in France or something like that. Anywhere, right? It doesn't matter. What I found out is that the NIH, which gives money to the US University, can't track really effectively or audit the money that's spent in, in that foreign lab.


So this like, the, the most like, crucial example of this is the is Wuhan. We can't get them to give us their lab notebooks Yeah. For their experiments. We sent them money and we, You know, it's, so, I I put in a system that requires the same level of auditing power and scrutiny over the foreign com con labs that we give money to as we have of our American labs. It's, it's a, it's a system that's, it's a little bit of a transition to get there, but it's not that disruptive. We're still allowing for foreign collaborations to happen. It's just that now the NIH is gonna be able to audit what's happening over there. The media reported as if I were banning all foreign collaborations.


What we're doing is we're being able to audit what's happening with American money in foreign institutions. I just, it's, it's mind blowing to me, VINCE, like how distorting a reporting can be something that's really good and allow in fact will, And it allow foreign collaborations to happen in a co in a way that's like that that, that we, the American people can be proud of instead is reported as, oh, we're this, like, we're, we're, we're, we're like some, we're, we're, we're some anti-science group that wants to kill all scientific collaboration. It's, it's so far from the truth, it's remarkable. And yet the media reported it happily without even really asking me what was going on.


Yeah, well that's a consistent theme in your life. Anytime you do anything, Dr. Bia, the media is attacking you, which I think means you're over the target. Thank you Dr. Bia, director of the National Institutes of Health. I'm so grateful that We got some time with you today. I look forward to talking to you again in the future. Best of luck, sir. Thank you, Vincent. It was really nice to talk. Great stuff, great stuff out of Dr. Charia. Thanks again, doc, for doing that. That's a, that's a really big deal. Great to have him with us. We'll have him back. I wanna talk to all these health officials because they really, really do matter. Getting to the bottom of all of this. And I know he's got, he's got a lot of sophisticated ideas, a lot of great thoughts on these mRNA vaccines and how out of control they are.


And we shouldn't be doing this to the kids, all stuff that he said before. But we'll have him back to talk more about them because he's really good on that subject. And before we, before we go today, I got a, I got a couple of other things I wanna share with you. One thing that we really need to get to, I think right away is that Ed Martin has now done another interview this time with Tucker Carlson. Ed Martin, remember he was going to be the US attorney in Washington, DC already was the US attorney in Washington dc. President Trump wanted to make him full-time. Tom Tillis, the bastard got in his way, stopped that from happening. So now Ed Martin's gonna be dedicated full-time at the Justice Department gap to going after all of the weaponization of our government against its own people.


But he had an update on his collaboration with Dan Bonino. Ever heard of him over at the FBI. Here's Ed Martin talking with Tucker about what he's been doing with our friend Dan, get It out. Or I'm gonna die trying pipe bomber as a prosecutor. I've got the pipe bomber case in my office. The, the FBI Bonino said to the FBI change all the agents, everybody look at it again. It's been going on for about five weeks. That it's like keystone cops. You know, they didn't interview some of the people that were, that you would've said that might be a suspect that hadn't interviewed him. I mean, so the question becomes, what's happening here? Is it incompetence? It feels worse than incompetence, right?


And so that information It does. It does. What do you think? Well, I think, I think it's worse than incompetence and, and I think, but I think the only way forward is to not describe what I think of the motives, but to expose over and over again what's happened. If you expose what's happened and the truth gets out, then accountability is possible. If you don't expose what's happened, the accountability looks like targeting, right? So you gotta do this one to get to this one. And the other side just does this. And then they count on the media to tell us it's okay, we have to do this and this. And that's my answer to some people that say, what's Dan doing? Bunge, You know, I talk to him every week or so.


He's going, hammer and tongs at this stuff right here. You, you can't arrest everybody the first month, but you gotta get this going. And it's a challenge. But I'm glad people are holding us, You know, pushing everybody. It's good, but it's, it's harder than it looks. It really is. He's glad we're all pushing. But he says it is harder than it looks on the inside. It is good to get updates though. All you want is just some information. Give us something and there's an update. Ed Martin saying, Hey, as a US attorney, he's been working closely with the deputy director and did you hear he gave a timeframe, he said it was five weeks ago that Dan said, we really have to get to the bottom of this January 6th pipe bomber case. This is of course, as You know, an obsession, a good obsession of Dan's, and also a good obsession of Ed Martin's.


So Dan says about five weeks ago now, five weeks ago, depending on when that interview was filmed, that dates us back to around the beginning of April. Today's May 15th, and we go six weeks back. That's the beginning of April. So very early in Dan's term, he gets his bearings, he arrives, he is meeting everybody at the FBI, he gets all of the assignments that he needs. And then he says, as one of his first priorities, we're getting to the bottom of the January 6th pipe bomber case. That's what Ed Martin just relayed that's what he just relayed. So we'll, we'll keep plugging away on that as, as Ed told this audience, because he rev, he, he really values this audience.


He said his plan is to be back here 20 times. And so, and maybe we'll hold him to even doing more than that. But I'll take 20 for a starter pack with Ed Martin to get more updates on, on what they're doing, what they're digging, which I think is very, very important. Grateful for Ed Martin and of course for Dan doing all of that. And one other thing just on Dan and what the FBI is doing, I just want you to keep this in mind. I've been talking about this on the radio too. This is a one two punch arrangement. The Federal Bureau of Investigation investigates crimes, the broader prosecuting arm of the arms of the Department of Justice. They prosecute the crimes. You can't have one without the other. So Dan and Cash can only carry the ball so far up the field.


If they don't have prosecutors, prosecutors to support them, it's no good. So the rest of this job falls to Pam Bondy and the prosecutors who work for her. So, eyes on everybody here. It's not just a like, where's the, You know, where's accountability was Dan, did Dan succumb to the Deep State? No. Stupid. He did not succumb to the Deep State. If there's anything I can tell you with confidence is that, oh, so here's a great picture. Leo Terrell got together with Dan Bonino. These, these guys are great. I saw Leo at Dan's birthday party last year. Leo's a great American. He, he has an aura of energy all around him when he's walking through a room. Everyone that, there's Leo Terrell.


And so the two of them get together, it looks like, on the steps of a government building. I'm not precisely sure where they were. Fair-minded friends. Do you recognize who I'm with? Leo Terrell. Great shot between two good friends. So that's very cool. Look at, look at that guy. Very, very cool to see. I've got some other interesting things to share with you. RFK had a awesome testimony yesterday. Speaking of health, we were just talking to Dr. Bachar a few minutes ago. RFK testifying before Congress yesterday and said, man, this government is so slow And it doesn't have to be, we can move faster. Look at this. Congressman Deloro, you say that you've worked for 20 years on getting food. Die out. Give credit. I got it out in a hundred days.


I'll give you that credit. Alright? So let's work together and do something that we all believe in, which is have healthy kids in our country, for God's sake, Mr. Dean, that together, it's not, there's no such thing as Republican children or democratic children. There's just kids and we should all be cared to be concerned with them. Yeah. RFK goes, Rosa Dero, you've been working for years to get the dies outta the food. I did that in a hot second. Now I have to say something. You can't talk about die and Rosa de Laro without mentioning what her hair looks like. Fellas. Justin, can you please pull me a pull a photo up of Rosa de Laro? Rosa Dero.


Speaking of Dai, she is, how old is this woman? A hundred. And she's got, she's got streaks of purple just going through her hair. How about get the dye outta your brain? How about that? We, why don't we start there and then we'll get the die outta the food. She's been working for years to get rid of all the dye. What has she been hoarding all of the dye to herself to try and to stop it from getting into the food. It's, oh, look at this lady dies bad for you. Says the woman known for the hair dye that's infecting her brain. Oh, Rosa Dara. Come on baby. Come on. Get the dye outta the food and the dye outta your hair.


Please, please. Amazing, amazing stuff. Really, really good. Yeah. No, the house, whether it's Democrats or Republicans, the House, they are full of all sorts of people that just are not doing a very rapid action job, are they? Have you seen these tweets from the house Republicans this week? Not exactly. Impressive. Take a look at some of these tweets that the house Republicans have been putting out. We need to get Americans off the sidelines. Who the hell tweeted this house? Republicans, we need to get Americans off the sidelines. I don't, I don't know about you. I'm sorry, Chad, are you in the on the sidelines right now? No. Nobody's on the sidelines. We're not on the sidelines.


We need to get lawmakers off the sidelines. We need to get your butts in the game. You guys have to be doing something to get us off the sidelines. We got off the sidelines. We put you in office. And then this one, oh my God, what are they doing? Here we go. Audio podcast listeners. There's a tweet up from House Republicans. It starts in English. It says House repub. That's right. I said it starts in English. House Republicans believe in every American's potential to thrive by embracing the power of work. And then they translate it into Spanish, which apparently involves a lot more words apparently in this translation. Los Anos and La Creos, nk kada.


C I'm sorry, ano, I don't even know how to say that. Americano, TNAL. Potential de prosper. E benefic. My apologies not great at Spanish, but why are you including Spanish in your stupid message House Republicans? What kind of passive aggressive, mellow drama, anti-Trump animosity is that didn't Trump do a whole executive order that declared that English is the official language? How hard is it for the house Republicans to get on board? Who's running the house? GOP account? Get rid of that person.


That idiotic. Thank you. Yeah, the, the chat saying, good try. VINCE, thank you. Thank you for, I love how encouraging you are. Thank you very much for that. I appreciate it. And then finally, I, I've got a, a clip of for you of, of the, the Indian Congressman Sri tend Tohar, who is trying to make a name for himself by impeaching President Trump. Take a look at how ridiculous and hilarious this Democrat is. But they talk about my hair, they talk about my hair, they talk about my appearance. They talk about where I was born. Distractions. They talk about everything.


My looks, they talk about my age. They talk about why I should be deported back to the country where I was born. They talk about my past business dealings and they distort my business records. They do everything. You know, at some point, maybe the conclusion should be, maybe it's you. Maybe you're the problem, Cher. Maybe it's not the rest of us. If everyone agrees that you're the problem, maybe look in the mirror.


You're the problem. That guy's 80 years old, they talk about my age. Yeah. 80. How are you? 80 and how old is your wig? Questions we need to get the answer to. I'll keep plugging away for answers on that. Thanks for joining us today on VINCE. We'll be back tomorrow with you. You can listen live rumble.com/ VINCE. Also, we've got a nationwide radio show. We do it 12 to three Eastern every single day. rumble.com/ VINCE or go to the VINCE show.com and get your local radio listings. Thanks for listening to us today.