
Hey, welcome to VINCE in a moment, the official show will actually begin, but I have a quick programming note for you that was detected by our great live audience on Rumble. My microphone, as we started, sounded like garbage for a good portion of the show. In fact, it sounded like the, hello? I'm using the wrong microphone. It's not the correct one. Yeah, I fixed it about halfway into the show, So I asked for your patience with the quality of the microphone, but trust me, it gets better. Thanks for tuning in to VINCE. Hey there. Welcome to VINCE. Always so good to have you with us here on Tuesday. We are at 100 days now into the Trump administration. A lot of cause for celebration, and I'm definitely looking forward to the next 100 days of this Trump administration.


But the left, well, they are still trying to figure out the path forward, stuck in the wilderness. A couple of the people who are in the insane asylum think that they can take over now and they, they've got some orders for everybody else. How are we gonna win this thing? JB Pritzker, the very fat governor of Illinois, has a big plan And it certainly sounds like to me that he wants to whip the left into a murderous frenzy yet again. We'll break down all of the details on that. We've got a great Republican lawmaker in Chicago, in Illinois who's gonna join us on the program today, and we'll talk about that and so much more all ahead on VINCE, as as always, great to have you with us.


Great to have you here. We've got what, thousands upon thousands of people already piling into the live chat rumble.com/ VINCE. I was getting some questions yesterday from podcast listeners asking, how is it that I can get into this chat that I hear about? I hear there's a chat available during the live show. Yeah, it's very simple. It's rumble.com/ VINCE, and you can join the chat. You can post the major emojis. You can be a part of all of it. As always, thanks for listening to this.


Hey, I have to thank our sponsors today, and that includes Birch Gold. The wonderful people at Birch Gold are really just amazing. We've got a lot of economic chaos that the left has forced upon us, that the globalists have forced upon us. And as a result, with all of that inflation and those massive supply chain disruptions, president Trump is trying to fight back with his tariff policies. And as a result of these new policies, there's a lot of confusion out there, but not about precious metals. President Trump has preserved your ability to diversify into precious metals. So if you're concerned about your savings, you can have a free consultation with a birch gold precious metals specialist. The first step is just to text my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive your free, no obligation info kit on Gold. Learn how to hold gold in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold is going to help you convert an existing IRA oral 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket. Birch Gold has an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. So text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and you can claim your free info kit right now. Message and data rates apply.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Ryan. Is Magoo posting in that chat? VINCE, you are growing on me more and more every day. Major emoji. Thank you, Ryan is Magoo. I I appreciate that. That's the plan. That's the plan. I'm gonna keep working with you and working for you because we've got a lot going on in the nation's capitol and in our country right now. As I'm, as I mentioned, we're 100 days into the Trump administration, and I score him very well. I I've seen some of this chatter that, oh, his polls have been slipping in the last few days, that, that people are not as happy with Trump these days. And it may be true, it may also be completely untrue since one of the polls been a super reliable barometer of all things Trump.


They haven't obviously, but I I would say on the big picture items, like it's obvious that the American people are with him on the border. They're totally with him on ejecting Democrat, well, ejecting Democrats, that'd be fun arresting Democrats. They're with them. The getting rid of these illegal aliens, these violent illegals, especially who are in our country. Everybody's with him saying that men should participate only in men's sports and that women should only participate in women's sports. The people are with him on racist bigotry are institutions, DEI, the American people are with purging all of that on verifying that somebody's a US citizen before they vote in our elections. The American people are totally with them on that.


So If you go policy by policy, they're with him. And what do the Democrats have to offer? Well, JB Pritzker this weekend is a, he's an Illinois state governor, of course, and also a very rich man. He's got the Hyatt family, fortune Hyatt hotels at his disposal. And he traveled to New Hampshire as politicians do when they want to convince people that they are built of presidential timber. And that guy's built with a lot of timber. Have you seen JB Pritzker? Man, he's got a lot of timber going on. In fact, JB stands for Jelly Belly Governor, jelly Belly Pritzker. Our thanks to all the, to all the VINCE listeners who are responding.


Justin posted this this morning on his ex account. He said, what does JB in JB Pritzker stand for? This is a product of our pre-show conversation. We were wondering, what, what do we call this guy? And originally I thought Jelly bean would be good. Somebody came in and said, jelly Belly there, Steve Audi, thank you for that Jelly Belly Pritzker. So going forward here, here to, for known as Governor Jelly, belly it for, for the rest of time, unless he somehow figures out a way to lose that weight. But instead, instead of dedicating his fortune to weight loss, he's been dedicating it to making America more and more chaotic. And, and he teams up all the time with guys like George Soros and Reid Hoffman to induce that kind of chaos in the United States of America.


So over the weekend, he goes to New Hampshire and he gives a big speech, big man given a big speech. And what does he call for? Well, you take a look and then you tell me what is he calling for here? Look, Never before in my life have I called for mass protests, for mobilization, for disruption. But I am now, yes, these Republicans cannot know a moment of peace.


They have to understand that we will fight their cruelty with every megaphone and microphone that we have. We must castigate them on the box and then punish them at the ballot box. Yeah, disruption. Republicans must never know a moment of peace. He's calling for mass chaos is what he's calling for. He's not offering a positive vision. He is not offering an alternative that people should vote for. He's calling for disruption, chaos, and destruction by now. If you don't realize how radical the left wing base is, you're a moron.


And JB Pritzker not a moron. He knows the dog whistle that he's putting out. He knows what he's calling for, which is chaos because the, the Democrats, they've adopted this strategy that the way to victory is to put so much chaos in place during the tenure of my political opponent, that people, Americans begin to attribute that chaos to that person. They want chaos as a message to take down Trump. That's it. They want it, they want it as a vehicle to take down Trump. We put it differently. It's like a criminal demanding a ransom. And if, and If you don't get it, he's gonna start shooting the hostages.


That's what, that's what we're talking about here. And so JB Pritzker goes out, speaks to a bunch of lefties in New Hampshire and declares, we will have chaos. It's time to fight everywhere and all at once. He says, never in my life have I called for mass protests, for mobilization, for disruption. He says, but I am now, these republicans cannot know a moment of peace. Now, we've heard this before, we've heard this from, well cut three people like Congresswoman Maxine Waters, who's done this on a routine basis. Look The course, let's make sure we show up wherever we have to show up. And If you see anybody from that cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store at a gasoline station, you get out and you create a crowd and you push back on them and you tell them they're not welcome anymore, anywhere.


Yeah. And she would only go on to do that over and over and over again. Even in the midst of all sorts of left-wing violence in the United States, she said that people needed to get more confrontational, more in the face of American citizens cause more chaos and destruction. Take a look once again. This is 2021 when Maxine Water said this. Let's save the course. Let's make sure we should laughter right? I mean, oh no, not manslaughter. No, no, no. This is, this is guilty for murder. I don dunno whether it's in the first degree, but as far as I'm concerned, it's first degree. This comes from What happens if we do not get, get what you just told. What should the people do?


What should protestors on the street do? I didn't hear you. What Happens? What should protestors do? Well, we, we gotta stay on the street and we've gotta get more active. We've gotta get more confrontational. We've gotta make sure that they, they know that we need business. We've gotta get active. We've got to get confrontational. And boy did they, how many people were killed as a result of left-wing riots, especially in the year 2020. And what ensued after a lot, A lot. Just ask David Dorn, the, the retired police officer who was murdered in cold blood in the midst of those left-wing riots and so many others too.


How many buildings were burned to the ground by left-wing rioters by terrorism here in the United States, government buildings attacked police precincts burned to the ground stores, restaurants burned to the ground, federal courthouses, laid siege upon night, after night after night. And where are the consequences for any of those actions? Few and far between. Very little. Then again, January 6th. People, well, they, they had to suffer immensely. If you went into the capitol building or were even in the vicinity, or in some cases weren't even in the United States Capitol during the events of January 6th, If you just voted for Trump, you had your life upended turned over.


And in some cases, some of the people who were subjected to that, they've lost their lives since then. Obviously, Ashley Babbitt was killed in cold blood inside of the Congress building after that, a number of people who were subjected to the horrors of the tyrannical ju justice system led by Democrats committed suicide as a result of everything that they lost dastardly. And these lefties keep advocating for this violence. JB Pritzker knows exactly what he's doing here. Not a dumb man. Not a dumb man. He's a calculating man. He's trying to bring about chaos in the United States, in the service of defeating Republicans and making a place for himself so that he can run for president in 2020.


That's what he wants. That's why he goes to New Hampshire and does this. And Pritzker has been laying the groundwork for this kind of rhetoric for a long time. He's been referring to Republicans as fascists, as Nazis. In fact, as recently as his state of the state address in February, listen to JB Pritzker Jelly Belly saying that President Trump and the people who voted for him, well, they're basically Nazis. Take a look. Cut to My oath, is to the constitution of our state and of our country. We don't have kings in America. And I don't intend to bend the need to one.


I'm not speaking up in service to my ambitions, but in deference to my obligations, If you think I'm overreacting and sounding the alarm too soon, consider this. Here we go. It took the Nazis one month, three weeks, two days, eight hours and 40 minutes to dismantle a constitutional republic. And all I'm saying is that when the five alarm fire starts to burn, every good person better be ready to man a post with a bucket of water. If you want to stop it from raging out of control. Trump is a dictator. He's just like Hitler. His supporters are Nazis. We've seen this before.


And we see where all of that language goes. Now, nevermind the fact that this is a case of projection about who has the fascist tendencies, who's the authoritarian, who's constantly misusing, abusing the tools of government in order to reign tyranny down upon your political opponents. That's the left. The left does that. The left imprisons, their political opponents, the left tries to imprison President Trump in order to prevent him from even appearing on the ballot. The left tries to remove him from ballots like in Maine and Colorado. This is, these are the attitudes of the left. The left shuts down his ability to communicate and shuts down your ability to communicate on the dominant social media platforms.


That's the left that does that. That's not the right, the right opens up lines of communication. It opens up free speech. It encourages candidates to appear on ballots. It appeals to you on the basis of argument, on the basis of logic. And not by crushing political opponents using the tools of the state. It's, it's obvious what side of this you should be on. And so he says, these guys are like Nazis. Now, we have heard this before a lot. We've heard it from people like Joe Biden. We've heard it from Democrats up and down their food chain. And they say it over and over.


They say things like, well, president Trump and Republicans, they're a threat to democracy. They'll say. And sometimes weak-minded people take them seriously, such that they attempt to assassinate the president of the United States. In fact, remember this, Ryan Ruth is the man who tried to take a shot at the president of the United States. The second would be assassin in Florida. And here's what Ryan Ruth posted April 22nd, 2024, last year, ahead of his attempt to take President Trump's life, quote your campaign.


This is him directing this message to Joe Biden at the time, your campaign should be called something like K-A-D-A-F, keep America Democratic and Free. He wrote, Trump's should be massive, make American slave again, master democracy. He wrote in all caps is on the ballot, and we cannot lose. We cannot afford to fail. He declared, the world is counting on us to show the way. That's what Ryan Ruth wrote in April of last year. And those words, everything you just used, you can de that he just used. You can detect where that came from.


Those are the talking points of the left. Those are the talking points of the left down to the democracy is on the ballot and, and democracy is on the line. That's, those are all left-wing talking points. And Ryan Ruth was regurgitating them, believing that there was some sort of existential threat to our country. And then justifying his own attempt to assassinate the president of the United States on that basis. That's who JB Pritzker is talking to. JB Pritzker goes out there, he's talking to people like Ryan Ruth, and he knows it. It happened so recently. How could you avoid it? That's what's happening.


And it's not just JB I'm, I'm going after Governor Jelly Belly right now because he's the most recent to do it. And boy, he's got a big megaphone. And boy, he's got a lot of money. He's been buying up these various races all across the country. He just dumped a lot of cash into buying up those Supreme Court season in Wisconsin. He did that alongside George Soros, alongside Reed Hoffman. But also, it's not just him, it's a lot of Democrats. Here we have, take a look here, cut six, just endless parade of Democrats who are either tiptoeing up to the line or outright calling for violence against their political opponents. Watch, I I, I just don't even know why there aren't uprisings all of the country. And maybe there will be.


People need to start taking to the streets. This is a dictator. You know, there needs to be unrest in the streets for as long as there's unrest in our lives. Enemies of the state. Show me where it says that protests are supposed to be polite and peaceful. Do something about your dad's Immigration practices. You feckless, when they go low, we kick. How do you resist the temptation to run up and ring her neck? Biggest terror threat in this country is white men. Most of them radicalized right up to The right. I thought he should have punched him in the face. I said, even If you lost, he insulted your wife. Yes, he kicking down the escalator and called Mexicans rapists and murders. He said, well, what do you think I should have done? I said, I think you should have punched him in the face and then gotten outta the race. You would've been a hero.


I'd like to punch him in the face. I said, if we were in high school, I'd take him behind the gym and beat the hell out of him. Party lines last she accused assassinated, still gonna have to go the same himself. That's a fact. Finds worthy sin pointing to a social media post, showing his character is stabbed to death. Where is John Wilkes? That was posted by End Wilman that video some time ago. And so the Illinois governor adding to that thinking. And so this is coming out of a stream of thought. So there are Democrats right now who think that, You know, the way out of this, the way out of the political wilderness that we're in right now is not to offer a better idea. It's not to appeal to Trump voters.


It's not to appeal to the voters that we lost to President Trump. But instead it is to double down on aggression, on craziness, and on chaos. That's what these guys think the the path is. And JB Pritzker, he embodies a lot. You can tell, just look at him. But he embodies that, that line of thinking inside the Democrat party. And in a moment, we're gonna have a conversation with one of the few elected Republicans in the entire state of Illinois who's in a position to push back against this. His name is Sean Morrison, and he's a Cook County Illinois Commissioner to remind you, cook County is where Chicago is located.


He's the only Republican commissioner in the Cook County Commission. And we're gonna get his reaction, get his take on what is going on in the state of Illinois. What is JB Pritzker even doing here when he's playing with all this dangerous language? And also, I want to ask him, what's gonna happen in the Senate seat there? Dick Durbin, as You know, the number two Democrat in the Senate, he's vacating that Senate seat he just announced. So how rigged is that process gonna be to replace him? And what are the chances that a Republican could even have a shot in Illinois? That conversation coming up with Sean Morrison in just a moment. Stay with us here on VINCE.


It's just been, it's, it's just been a wild week already. It's only Tuesday. You know, I've, I've been using bond charge bun charge the infrared sauna blanket, which is really, really cool. A sauna in your house and the red light face mask. Ever since they sent them to me and I'm loving 'em, I really am. I first turned to the sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery after workouts. Detoxification, it's a total game changer. It's easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up and let that infrared heat work its magic. And it's created a real difference for me in relaxation and rejuvenation. The red light face mask is equally impressive. It's cool. I've been using it to help improve my skin's texture, reduce inflammation. It gives you fantastic results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right inside your house. Now, if you're thinking of trying them out, well you're in water. You get head to uncharged.com, B-O-N-C-A-R-G e.com and use the code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact for me, and I'm sure you're gonna love 'em too. Use the code VINCE at bun charge.com to save 15%. Now these statements are products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Joining me now to discuss everything going on in Illinois, including with that out of control. Governor is a Cook County Commissioner, a Republican, the rare Republican on the Cook County Commission. Sean Morrison joins me. Hello, Sean. Hey VINCE. How are you? I'm doing very good. And you are the only Republican I Believe I'm the publican commission. I'm the only Republican in Cook County, yes. Okay. Which is why you are the only one who seems to be speaking out about just how violent your state's governor his rhetoric is, just once again, to quote what JB Pritzker said in New Hampshire, you only get to New Hampshire if you're running for president. He said, it's time to fight everywhere and all at once.


Never before my life have I called for mass protests, for mobilization, for disruption. But I am now. He said, these Republicans cannot know a moment of peace. They must understand that we will fight their cruelty with every megaphone and microphone that we have. What do you make of your governor's language here? Well, the coin of Democrats phrase, I think that's, I think it's a dog whistle. It's what everybody knows. It's kind of like the congressman from California saying, get in their face and address 'em at a gas station and address 'em at a restaurant. Yeah. What human being calls for another human being to not enjoy peace in their own life or peace in their home or peace when they're out with their family.


What, what human being calls for that. I mean, that's a level of cruelty that we've never seen. And You know what, JB Pritzker is the biggest hypocrite in the world because one week he's out there calling out Democrats and calling out Donald Trump for his, for for harsh rhetoric. And then the next day he's calling Republicans or all Nazis and Republicans are a threat to the democratic fabric and the rule of law. Those are dog whistles. Those enable, as I put in my statement yesterday, those are little signals that enable those that are unhinged perhaps, and those that are, that are, that are of a, of a, of a questionable mental gate to go out and commit the atrocities in the crimes and shoot at presidents and shoot CEOs in the streets and all these things. It's really, That's exactly what we've seen. That's exactly what we've seen these assassination attempts on President Trump have included people who had fully bought into the very kinds of lines that JB Pritzker is spreading, that somehow President Trump is a threat to democracy.


In fact, that's the exact language that Ryan Ruth, who was lying in weight inside of those bushes in Florida. That's exactly the kind of stuff he was posting to social media aping the rhetoric that he had been hearing from people on the left, like JB Pritzker. So here he is doing it Again, I it's one thing to just say it in the course of political disputes, and of course it's wrong, but once you have assassination attempts in the rearview mirror, you have to know how dangerous this is. Yeah, absolutely. And You know, this is the second or third time that I've addressed this issue, going all the way back to when to, when the first attempt was made on, on President Trump in Pennsylvania. I sent a letter to the, to the, to the governor. I sent a letter to the, to the mayor of Chicago and the county board president.


And it was, And it was addressed to all politicians saying, look, we really need to lower the temperature of the vitral language that we're using when we're debating each other, when we're debating both sides. And that that has obviously fallen on, on deaf ears, hence his statement on, on on Sunday. So you mentioned a moment ago that JB Pritzker has made a habit of doing this. For the most part. I've had the good fortune of ignoring JB Pritzker to the extent that that's possible. But then when I started looking into his rhetoric and getting familiar with what you're talking about, I've detected exactly what you say, which is that he, on a routine basis refers to Republicans as Nazis, or at least makes big comparisons about that. And in fact, he did that very thing in February in his state of the state address where he is addressing the state legislature and says outright that this is like fighting the Nazis.


It does he do this all the time? All the time. That's, that's the normal part of his rhetoric. You know, listen, he has been in campaign mode for president for probably the last three years. You know, he's, he's, he's a six year governor here in our state. But he's been vacant, he's been absent. He addresses none of the issues that are here. The only thing that he's ever addressed and put into place are very, very weak on crime policies thing in, in, in, I call the Safety Act. Where, where things such as fentanyl have been decriminalized to misdemeanors. He's raised our taxes. We're, we're amongst the highest per capita tax rate of all 50 states. We are still suffering from his, from his draconian covid policies that he put in place, that that crushed hundreds and perhaps thousands of business and put hundreds of thousands of people out of work for, for several years.


You know, these are the things that we're facing with him. And he's constantly out there chirping when he is in front of the media who love him and praise him. He's the nice guy. He's the, oh, we need to be nice to each other. And then he flips a coin and he's calling people Nazis. And he's, and he's gin up. He's gin up crowds that that, that somehow, if you're a conservative or If you have a differing opinion than his, that you're the enemy of the state. I mean, good gosh. Can you imagine what statement that lives and what does that tell somebody? Subconsciously it de human, it dehumanizes an entire group of people. Fif nearly 50% of our state. He's dehumanizing them. Yeah. So what has, what has his reaction been to President Trump deporting illegal aliens from the United States?


Because as I recall, it's in your county, cook County, of course you have Chicago. Chicago as a city. Its residents have been furious about the illegal aliens who've invaded our country, brought in by Democrats and then brought into Chicago. So has the governor of your state spent any time applauding the president's efforts to clean up a problem that Chicago residents are very concerned about? Zero time VINCE, in fact, in, in fact, he is, he is publicly defiant of the president and the notion of sending back criminal aliens of all things. I mean, who is against sending back criminal aliens? Who is JD Pritzker's?


Our mayor, Brandon Johnson is our county board president. Tony Breck is, Illinois is a sanctuary state. Chicago is a sanctuary city, and Cook County is a sanctuary county. You know, it just came out in the last few days. We've spent over 10 and a half billion with a B, 10 and a half billion dollars of taxpayer money on just the migrant issue. We're a state that has a failing mental health, mental health treatment centers. We have, we have veterans that are homeless. We have homeless, of course, that are out there in the streets. And every time these groups come to us as a government body and ask us for help, You know, what they've been told consistently for the last 10 years plus up until the last two years, we don't have the money for it. We can't afford it. We're already on an extreme budget, which we are. Illinois is facing a $3 billion budget, fall budget shorthold this, this coming cycle.


City of Chicago is gonna face a 1.2 to $1.5 billion shortfall. The Cook County Government Board is gonna face a $500 million budget ball. Our transportation systems are facing a $1 billion budget short hole. And yet we spent nearly $11 billion on, on the migrant issue addressing this. Yeah. And so JB Pritzker, I want to talk more about what he, what is he focused on, if not fixing that? Because this is a guy who is famously very wealthy. He's got the Hyatt family fortune at his disposal. He has used that for a lot of left wing political agenda items across the country, oftentimes teaming up with people like George Soros and Reed Hoffman.


That's correct. He's bought himself a couple of Wisconsin Supreme Court seats using that wealth. What is he up to exactly? He's, he's, he's clearly up to running for president. He's ignoring his duties and his functions that he was elected to do here. By the way I might add, he also funded and bought two Illinois Supreme Court seats just two years ago. Yeah. Put in, put in millions and millions of dollars of his own money for those seats. But what is he doing? He's running for governor. He's going all over the, all over the country. He's, he's funding campaigns for certain certain officials. He's doing a bunch of fundraisers for them. It's basically the same, it's, it's very near, similar to 2006 and seven, when Barack Obama went throughout the US when he didn't have a, have a, a challenge for his US Senate seat, it allowed him 18 months to go to all the other states and work their, their, their, their, their state democrat parties and do speeches and campaigns and fundraisers, which ingratiated himself into what the electoral college for all those states.


Yeah. So when the time comes to try and rack up the electoral votes when he runs, it's gonna be those very folks that he's out right now seeding the fields, dropping, dropping millions of dollars into their, into their coffers. And when the time comes two years ago or two years from now, he's gonna say, Hey, remember I was here, I did those speeches I gave you that, that money I'm running for, for president. I'm gonna need your electoral votes, You know, to nominate me for, for the, for the primary. That's what it's, Yeah, yeah. Well, he is trying to, he's trying to use all that money and, and, and right now trying to become that guy. Yeah. I'm glad you brought up Obama, because I wanna ask you also about the Senate seat. One of the senate seats in Illinois, Obama, kind of famously in 2004, was the product of a very corrupt democrat system machine that placed him in there as the, as the nominee for their party, was able to secure that Senate seat for him.


And of course, the rest there is history. Now we have another Illinois senator who's retiring. Dick Durbin announced recently that he will be retiring after a, a long, long tenure in the United States Senate. My view of this Sean Morrison, is that Democrats in Chicago, unfortunately are among the most corrupt in the whole country. And I fully expect that this is going to be a very rigged process. Is that your view? Yes, it is. I mean, already the Lieutenant Governor, miss Stratton has already declared that she's gonna run for that senate spot. And JB Pritzker has already given her his, his basic endorsement for her to run for that seat.


That kind of tells everybody else, Hey, don't mess around here. This is who we wanna be the senator. You know, the democrats in our state, in our county, in our city, are notorious for giving what's called a Dobson choice. You know, they put people into primaries, they put Democrats into primaries that are pre-ordained and pre-seasoned. The Democrats themselves don't realize that Democrat voters, but they never really have a true choice of who they get to pick to be their Democrat candidate for all these various, various selected spots from governor all the way down to Alderman. It's, it's really unique. And I, and I can add a little bit of nugget. The thing about politics is that we have very short memories, but people don't remember who the big culprit was along with the, the then Governor Blagojevich. It was JB Pritzker that was trying to buy the us The Barack Obama vacated US senate seat.


There is copious hours of undercover tape because it was all taped by the government. PVI went to jail for it. But it was JB Pritzker who was on the other side of that phone negotiating to buy it, to buy the US Senate seat back then. Yeah. People need to take a look and remember that that was some interesting dialogue. He disparaged the minorities, he disparaged African Americans. I'm talking about Governor Pritzker did his own words. Go back and review some of that tape. It'd be very surprising. Yeah, that's some good game tape to call back on, especially as this guy wants to run for president. That, that, that makes a lot of sense. So what the Chances, and You know, You know, VINCE as far as Durban himself Yeah. 44 years, 44 years between US Congress and US Senate. And what has, and what does the state of Illinois have to show for it?


Nothing much further in debt. Much bigger bloated, yeah. Terrible infrastructure in our roads and bridges. Me mental health, again, was gutted veteran home was gutted. You know, our, our, You know, he's a US senator and Tammy Duckworth is still there. What have they done for the state of Illinois? What have they done for the residents of Illinois? Yeah. When he announced you should have seen the local media, it was as though it was, it was as though the pope himself said that he was going to, to step back. All platitudes. All platitudes. And I said, Hey, that's great. 44 years, but what have you done in those 44 years? Yeah. So if we're gonna just put the same ideology, the same, the same preset into a new senator, what's the point? Nothing's gonna change. So, okay, last one on this. Sure. What are the chances that a Republican can actually prevail?


Because the last time Illinois had a Republican senator was Mark Kirk. What are, what are the chances that a Republican here could take that seat? Do you think it's possible As it pertains to Illinois? It's a great question because there's two ways. We've had mass gerrymandering. In fact, there's a current lawsuit going on. But gerrymandering really affects our state house, our state senate, and our US kindness. Yes. A lawsuit was filed with the federal court six weeks ago. I have very high hopes that they're gonna change that. But as it pertains to statewide offices, here's another interesting thing, VINCE, and, and I'll tie Governor Pritzker to that as well. Governor Pritzker in Illinois politics has spent roughly about $600 million of his own wealth on his own races, on trying to defeat those that, that were running in the Republican primary.


Two years ago against him, he spent nearly 75 million alone to knock out strong candidates that that could challenge him. And he spread and he spread the same amount of money around throughout all many different local races, senators, state reps, all that kinda stuff in Illinois. So nearly just under $600 million in his own money. Okay. Donald Trump has never spent a penny in Illinois because it's a flyover state. It's a, we're, we're a, we're a predominant Democrat state. Okay. So nearly $600 million spread in a state by a person, zero spread by a person. Donald Trump in this last election got 48,000 more votes in the state of Illinois than JB Pritzker has ever gotten in his two elections. Why am I saying that? There are, there are absolute voter proven absolute paths to good statewide candidates to retake statewide governments.


The governor, the, the treasurer, the Secretary of State, all those races that are gonna come up in two years, Republicans can actually win those races numerically speaking, based off of just a recent election less than six months ago. Okay. All right. Well that's a little, a little cause for optimism. Yes. It, it's Sean Morrison. Thank you very much. Cook County Commissioner, great to talk to you, sir. Really appreciate your feedback on all of those. Thanks Vincent. I appreciate the opportunity. Thank you, sir. Alright, and let's see. I just figured out, thank you again to Sean for that. I just figured out why my microphone sounded like utter crap for the first half of the show.


Thank you to the chat for telling me. Everybody was screaming, Hey, your mic sounds like garbage. Yeah, because I was using the wrong, here's, I just, just, let me, let me show you. I was using my stupid computer microphone. It was like halfway across the room from me. This is what it sounded like. This is the, this is the stupidity of it. I was just randomly talking and not realizing I wasn't talking into this big microphone that's in front of my face. And here we go. Wow. That's a, that's a lot better. So thank you people, people rag on audiences. They're like, the audience doesn't know what they're talking about. I, what I've discovered is that my audience definitely knows what they're talking about. I was, there's great text support in the chat. People are like, Hey, I think your microphone's on the wrong source.


There's some other mic being pulled through. So thank you for that. rumble.com/ VINCE, if you'd like to give me tech advice live on the show as always. Yeah, that's right. We had a microphone in the bathroom stall. It was rooms away. Thank you everybody, and I appreciate you. I really do.


I also appreciate the sponsors that make all this possible. The good microphone that they paid for that I wasn't using. Thank you for that. Blackout coffee, which supercharges my day every day. I love Blackout Coffee. They're a great sponsor of the show. John is the owner of Blackout Coffee and he's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on either quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of all of us right here at Silver Lock. So you already know that this is a brand that stands for the right values. And I, and I mean it every day. I start with, well first a gigantic glass of water that's drink one and then drink two. That's blackout coffee. I love my blackout coffee. You will too. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE really simple. That's VINCE for 20% off your first order. Now, whether you like Whole Bean Ground or even Instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE and you will get 20% off your first order. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE


and do you, yo-yo diet, you do this at all, you lose weight, but then you gain it back and you just keep going back and forth. That's what they call the yo-yo just 'cause it keeps going up and down. It's dangerous. Studies show that this can actually increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and other health problems breaking free of the yo-yo Diet pattern. That's a, that is the reason the doctors created Lean. Lean is a supplement. It's not an injection. You don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is cool. It's very impressive. It has these great natural ingredients that have been well studied, that target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar. It helps you control your appetite and your cravings. And it helps burn fat by converting that fat into energy. Listen, if you're tired of losing weight and then gaining it back, lean was created for you. Let me get you started with 20% off end of the code VINCE twenty@takeleann.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. And it's not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Yes, indeed. So thank you. Thank you for all your help with my microphone because it was, let's be honest, it was kind of blowing before. It was like, what, what is it? It sounds like he's in a, in a cave and he is at the other end of it. No longer. The microphone is fixed. Thank you for that. Okay, so these jelly, oh, We got updates on the jelly belly question. JB and JB Pritzker, what does this stand for? Jumbo bag of donuts. Okay. I like that a lot. I like that a lot. That's a, a Joey bag of donuts. Callback. I like it a lot. Joey. Bag of donuts. Pritzker. Yeah.


I like Jelly Belly though. I'm too addicted to the Jelly belly thing. Governor Jelly Belly. I'm thinking I'm gonna stick with that. And there's something about the rhyme that just makes it so resonant. Juicy Bacon is a perfectly good one. Thank you. Chris's world Jumbo. That's hilarious from Rach. 7 7 7 7 7. Thank you to to Rach. Justin Il Haley coming in hot today. Justin Lyle just big says Mark. MSB and Juggernaut Belly says Shannon Marie as Justin Lyle's ex account. Gets a lot of action today. Jelly bean.


Yeah, that's what I went with before. Tweets don't. I went with Jelly Bean, as we call 'em here in Illinois. Jumbo is great. Jelly Belly. Yeah, I like Jelly Belly too. Kj Onyx has it, has it nailed. I think that's the, that that's the one for me. Governor Jelly Belly just blows says Kitty Mimi. That's that's great. You're all great. You're just, I I keep saying it because I really mean it. The best damn audience in media. They're not doing this over on Fox. They're not. Yeah. All right. Jumbo biscuit. That's funny too. Okay. These Democrats are, are unintentionally hilarious, as you can tell. One way they're unintentionally hilarious. Did you see what Cory Booker and Hakeem Jeffries were doing this week on?


So, so if Cory Booker specializes in anything, it's lazy, performative nonsense with a touch of, well, a heavy dose of desperation. That's all he does. It, it never is about actually improving anybody's life. I don't know what he's doing other than talking a lot and trying to be as lazy as possible and draw cameras in. That's Cory Booker's whole move. And Booker and, and Hakeem Jeffries decided to sit on the stairs of the capitol this week and they acted like this was a, some sort of noble fight. They did an amazing, amazing thing. And in fact, I, let me, I'm gonna gonna show, I'm gonna pull, lemme pull up the photo.


I gotta do this carefully. 'cause I want you to see what this really looks like. Take a look at these guys. Here is Hakeem Jeffries and, and Cory Booker sitting on the steps of the capitol. Look how serious they are. Look at these guys. And then I looked at 'em And I said, isn't it kind of weird how similar they look? I mean, they're both dressed in black right now, but they both have a very, there's something very familiar about the look that these guys are giving me. What is it? What could it possibly, oh, that's what it is. They look like Dr. Evil and Mini Me. Look, these guys look at, look how crazy these two people are.


They really do. I, I swear I looked at this and I go, the that's who they are. They're, it's Dr. Evil and it's mini me and just like mini me, Hakeem Jeffries doesn't know how to communicate in English. Mini me sits there in silence all the time, right? Hakeem Jeffries can barely formulate a sentence on the radio show. For those of you listening to the 12 to three national radio show, I call Hakeem Jeffries, the dial up Democrat. He's the dial up Democrat because his brain operates on a 56 K modem. Every time this guy tries to think, every word that comes out of his mouth, there's like a little buffer that starts appearing on his forehead. And he can't connect it word for word.


He's having trouble getting through sentences. So there you go. There's the dial up Democrat, Tory Booker Mini me and Dr. Evil. That's who these guys are. And they're, and they're just as ridiculous as mini me and Dr. Evil. But again, un unintentionally. So unintentionally. So really funny. I love, I love how ridiculous our political opponents are, don't you? And, and, and they were dumb. I mean, they were sitting there on, they were sitting there Sunday for, I think they claimed for 12 hours and take a look at Cut seven. They, they descended into singing cringey songs and nobody even knew what they were doing on the steps. Look, Yes, alright, I'll build this work from love.


Not too bad. Die, die, die, die. My word. You must build this world from love. And you must build this world from love. Die, die, die, die. Then God will build this world some love.


What the hell is this? That was awful. That was truly awful. And they thought that was great. They, they wa did you hear the applause? They are really mailing it in, aren't they? So they tried that. They tried the, the cringey drum circle and nobody could, nobody could even sing along to whatever that was supposed to be. And then of course, they also tried the stuff like the JB Pritzker move, which is like, why don't we just call our political opponents Nazis and traitors? Here's Hakeem Jeffries. Listen to him. This is the presentation he had on the steps of the capitol. Here he is the dial up Democrat. This Is the time for us to put principles over party, principles over party.


It reminds me, I think I a powerful moment for, reminds me of a letter that Ulysses Grant was spent to have fed at the start of the Civil War. Don't You know Democrats who quote people in the union as if, as if the Democrats were on the side of the Union General, who subsequently contained President. And at that moment of great turmoil in the country, the country literally tearing itself apart, ranked Because of Democrats Wrote that whatever my prior political positions have been, prior opinions have been up until this point.


I have put only one objective now. Oh my Gosh. Get to the point, Mr. Dialup Frank and said, we have a government and laws and a flag, and they must all be sustained government. You hear, you see what I mean? When this guy talks, he has trouble getting from word to word like he's standing on a cliff and it's just a single word and he has to leap to the next one. And he is not sure if he's gonna make it Log and a flag and then was falling sustained. And then he said something even deeper than that. What did he say? Because At that time in American history, there were multiple parties.


We're in a two party system right now, but there were multiple parties. And, and what Grant said is there are, but two parties go ahead in America right now, Patriots and Traders. Oh, there you go. There you go. So Hakeem Jeffries attempting to stick the landing and of course face planning, he says there are two parties in America, Patriots and Traders, which of course, you know what he's trying to say. He's saying that it's the right, it's Republicans, it's the voters who are traders, the voters, because they chose a different path because they don't like establishment Washington. They chose Trump over and over and over again. That makes you a traitor for doing that.


So that's, that's the leader of the Democrats in the house referring to more than half the country. I will remind you as being traitors. So they can you bring back a picture of the two of them? That's, that's wonderful. You want the photo back of the two of these idiots? Here they are. Take a look. There is these goobs 1 million. It is really special, isn't it? Look at these idiots. Oh, that's, I I mean it is such a, it it is such a joy how stupid they are.


It really is. It does, it does it. That does bring me joy. I I can I admit, I admit, but Hakeem Jefferies in, in even being low iq, he's playing with fire here. Even being low IQ saying that Republicans, voters who go the other way, they're traitors, they're traitors for doing that. He's not the only house Democrat who's a crazy person. There's also this hilarious sounding dem congressman who just yesterday announced that it is time to call for President Trump's impeachment. Take a look. Yours cut five hilarious sounding Democrat. This is Congressman Sri Tanar. Donald Trump has already done real damage to our democracy, but defying a unanimous nine oh Supreme Court ruling that has to be the final straw is time.


We impeached Donald J. Trump. The court said the wrongfully deported Kilmer Garcia must be allowed to return and receive due process. Trump ignored it. He ignored the constitution. He ignored the very checks and balances that keep our democracy intact. Now if, if you're like me, you, you maybe thought to yourself, is that a real congressman? Does that guy, is that guy real? Does he, is he really in the Congress? Yeah. It's Congressman Shi Tanar from Michigan. And Donald Trump makes me feel very sad. And when I feel sad, I think maybe we should impeach him.


So I have presented aldos of impeachment to remove the president because he is a badman who makes me feel bad. I don't like him. It is time for him to go, what the hell was that? Can they put that guy out more? Why am I not seeing that guy more on television? I, he should have given the state of the union response, I need more sweet than the daughter in my life. That was unbelievable. I'm seeing people look at, can we just put his image back on screen for a moment, please? Just, I don't need the whole video. I just want to, I just want that face the whole, if If you could just, just pause it and just put that right back on screen. This is co.


Look at this guy. Look at what is, where'd he get that hair? That's like Tucker Carlson's haircut. Where did he get that from? That's amazing. I How old is he that it's hard to tell? His hair is like 17. His face, let's say that looks about 50, You know, and the shoulder line looks a little young too. I don't know. He's, he's like a composite figure. Somebody built him in a lab and shoved him out in front of a camera and he is calling for an impeachment of the President of the United States. And I've loved the the talking point that he first relies on. Why should Trump be impeached?


He, he had deported a, a Ms 13 gang member and I want him back. I want er back in the country. Okay? That's the reason. That's a terrible reason people are not with you on this. And there he goes. So We got a, We got a Democrat congressman and my lousy impersonation of him on a Tuesday, as he calls for President Trump's impeachment. Yeah, he's got James Brown's hair who said that he does have James Brown. Hold up a second. Hold up fellas. Put it, put the Congressman back on screen for a minute. That is that James Brown's hair? He sort of does.


This is actually so in a, in a way, let me there, let's, let's see here. I think I've got, yeah, I've got James Brown right here. Let's take a look. Here it is. There's, there's, it kind of looks like him a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of like it. There's James Brown. All right. So Congressman James Brown wants to, wants to impeach Trump, which makes sense. 'cause Congressman Al Green also wants to impeach Trump. Oh, these guys are something else. They really are. Thank you fellas for that. That's, that, that makes, makes me laugh. This is Congress and that's the key. Make me laugh and I'm, and I'm good to go.


Chad says he's 70 years old. He's no way. Did you say he was 77 0? What? How did that happen? Whoa, I, I wanna know more about his skincare routine. That guy's looking all right for 70 years old and that's gotta be a wig then. 70. Holy cow. Okay, well there he is living his best life performing. And so, and so you've got those Democrats doing that nonsense. You've got Hakeem Jeffries saying that you are a traitor for voting for Trump. Oh, by the way, on the steps of the capitol, Randy Weingarten got in on the action.


The teacher's union person who is just, just destroyed how many children and their education's all across the country. You can thank her for that. So of course they bring out, speaking of evil, they, they bring out, like Dr. Evil, they bring out all these people who really have done damage to our country. $1 million. Yeah. Yeah. All of Dr. Evil's henchman showed up on the steps of the capitol this weekend to to advocate for, for more chaos in the country. And, and they keep fighting for this illegal alien. The, these MS 13 guys and I, I hope they, they keep it up. And it's not just, You know, all of these elected officials.


It's the biggest name Democrats in the country. Michelle Obama, big Mike is still on the podcast circuit and she's arguing this week that I love. Last week she said that her husband is not worth spending any time with that. She, she drives her crazy that she has to spend time with her husband. So it's really about me. Michelle Obama said, I gotta get away from him, but yesterday she said, but you know, who is keeping her up at night? Donald Trump baby. And here's why. Look, cut eight, Kind of get over And it just goes away. It kind of shows its head in many different ways. I imagine. Well, in this current climate, for me it's, you know, what's happening to immigrants, you know, so it's, it's not the fear for myself anymore.


I drive around in a four car motorcade with a police escort. I'm Michelle Obama. I do still worry about my daughters in the world even though they are somewhat recognizable. So my fears are for what I know is happening out there in streets all over the, the city. And now that we have leadership that is sort of indiscriminately just so stupid determining who belongs and who doesn't. And we know that those decisions aren't being made with courts and with due process and You know, that, that it's being made like this cop that pulled my brother over when he was 12, you don't look like somebody that belongs, You know, I can determine just by looking at you that you're, You know, you're a good person or you're not a good person.


And knowing that there's so much bias and so much racism and so much ignorance, ridiculous that fuels those kind of choices. I worry for people of color all over this country. And I don't know that we will have the advocates to protect everybody. And that makes me, that frightens me. It, it keeps me up at night. Keeps And I know that there are, and I, and I see that when I'm driving around la I'm, I'm just looking in the faces of folks who could be victim and I'm wondering, how are you feeling? How do you feel standing on the bus stop? How do you, how do you feel comfortable? Are you listening to what she just said? Are you listening to this?


So, Michelle Obama's stupid take on all of this. They're, they're never gonna get away from this. It's always going to be identity politics from top to bottom. And regardless of the lip service they pay, and maybe we should stop doing that. They never stop doing it. That's their comfort zone. So she goes right back into it. It's all about racial profiling. The very last sentence you heard her utter is that she likes to drive around LA in her motorcade, I should point out, protected by the Secret Service, staring out the window and then identifying people based on their skin color and saying, yep, that guy's gonna be deported. Yep. I'm just so worried that that person, on the basis of my racial prejudice, I'm concluding they're gonna be deported from the United States of America.


Well, I don't know. Are they a US citizen? Are they an illegal alien? How did you arrive at that conclusion? And did you notice that she never bothered to make any distinctions like that. She just said things like immigrants or people of color suggesting that just random black people are gonna be deported from the United States of America. This is how little they have to go on that is the American left, and how sinister their talking points have become, which is, You know, we don't have anything to attack Trump on, so let's just make up something. Let's just say Trump's gonna deport black people. Boy, I tell you what, the left hates how much progress Trump has made with black voters.


They loathe it. And so rather than figuring out a way to appeal on a positive basis to the average black voter, how can I convince you to support my party? What is it that I can do for you to get the government off your back, to make your life easier, to make it so that you can get married and have children, have a thriving family? That's not a part of the conversation at all. Instead, it's to scare black voters into submission. Donald Trump might deport you, says Michelle Obama. It's psychotic. And luckily I'm, I think the spell is breaking. I think the ability for them to wield language like this and achieve results, which is their, their goal to basically long-term Democrat power, it's slipping away.


And that's because you and I are openly mocking them for how stupid this is. And we should keep doing that. Mock them into obscurity, mock them, just go after them. It's so great because what are they calling for? They're calling for physically going after the people who don't support them. That's what they're calling for in the United States, demonizing their political opponents as Nazis. Meanwhile, we're just here to tell you how stupid they are and how little they have to offer us, how little they have to offer us there. So there's Michelle and, and she's fighting for at, at its core the, the animating principles. Once again, kill Mara Braigo Garcia.


It's like, You know what keeps me up at night? The MS 13 gangsters are being deported from the United States of America. Huh. That's funny. That's the very thing that helps me sleep soundly at night. Actually, the thing that gives my family more comfort is that America is headed in a safer and better direction. Kind of interesting that the thing that keeps you up at night is when Americans are, are living in safe date, really goes to show you what their political priorities are. Once again, thank you to the amazing audience. Thank you for the audio technicians among you who detected the problems with my microphone. Thank you as always for being here. You can listen to this in podcast form.


It's the VINCE podcast. I've got the radio show, 12 to three nationwide each day. That's the show we do that live on Rumble rumble.com/ VINCE and I'll be back with you tomorrow. 10:00 AM Eastern for another edition of this show. VINCE live on Rumble and heard on podcasts across well, the whole planet. Of course. Thanks for being here with me.