
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, this speech tonight by Kamala Harris on the ellipse is the worst ha Mary pass I think I've ever seen. I just want you to think this through for a minute. That's why I named the show this today. This is the, this campaign must be an utter complete collapse based on a couple of things. Internal polling and the early voting turnout and the mail-in ballot requests that are now far outpacing by Republicans where they were in 2020. They've gotta be in a panic. If you were the sitting president, vice president, this team that had lorded over three and three quarters, nearly four years of misery, where the misery index is through the roof, where the president's so unpopular, he doesn't even run again.


And the vice president is the single most unpopular vice president via approval ratings in modern American history. Why the, would you go and do his speech on the ellipse? Reminding everyone that all of the pain and misery emanating from this building in the last four years was due to her? This is the worst Hail Mary pass I've ever seen. I'll show you all the receipts, how this is causing some real consternation in a minute, and I'm gonna show you the contrast again folks. Vote early. More, more, more. Kylo Ren gfi. More early in person. You are freaking them


out. Hey, be like he gets, get in the game. Place a bet on who you think will win the 2024 presidential race. Visit Calci KALS i.com/bonino. First 500 traders who deposit a hundred dollars, get a free $20 credit. Trading involves risk. She show notes and visit calci.com for terms calci, subject to regulatory oversight by the CFTC


Big show today. I got the Florida numbers, I've got the Michigan numbers, I've got Pennsylvania numbers, and I've got a, a little video. Someone reminded me about who Donald Trump really is and why Kamala Harris is having a real problem.


Hey, today's economic environment is still really stressful for a lot of us, but the Fed finally dropping interest rates. There's no better time to put you and your family in a better financial position if you're a homeowner. American financing is helping thousands of families just like you, who've been putting everyday expenses on credit cards, get out from underneath that debt by tapping into your home's. Equity American financing is saving their borrowers over $800 a month on average. 800 a month is like a $10,000 raise at work and it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save the closing summit as little as 10 days. And if you start today, you may not have to make the next month's mortgage payment. So there's no better time than now to turn your situation around. Call today, (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 American financing.net NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 mls consumer access.org.


Alright fellas, let's go. So here's Axios reporting on this speech tonight. Kamala Harris is, is she's trying to make some kind of closing argument. There's a real battle inside her campaign, folks. This is just from liberal communist media reporting that has just filtered over and spilled over. And sources are starting to leak now because each side's battling. One side is telling her, please shut up with the fascist stuff. It's not working. You've gotta make a better closing argument about the economy, education, national defense, global chaos, that kind of stuff. The other side saying, stick with the fascist war on democracy stuff, despite the fact that it's not working. So, Axios notes that the speech on the ellipse tonight was chosen partly 'cause it was a cited Trump's speech on January 6th that incited supporters ahead of their attack on the capitol.


See how, how Axio, leave that up a second. You see how Axios is a communist bullshit rag you should use to wipe your caboose and flush down the toilet. The he where he inci his was Trump should sue these absolute losers. He said, peacefully and patriotically. You axios dip shit com. Fuck wads. Okay, sorry man, I'm just, I'm so tired. However much. Leave this up a second. 'cause I'm not even done. However much You hate these media assholes. You don't hate them enough. They are scum. They are lying. Scum, inciting violence against Donald Trump. Axios they note in the campaign, sees it as symbolic of the good a president can do. Can you imagine how out of touch you have to be, guys, am I crazy?


Has Biden, does Biden done anything good? You're gonna use the White House as a backdrop of all of the problems the White House has causing, I'm sorry man. I'm in a, I'll be honest with you, I'm in a pissy mood this morning. Did you see this thing going on? Not about doing the show. Did you see this thing going on with these scumbags in the media, this Nico Grant from the New York Times sending out to try to interfere in the election, this mass email to everyone. Hey, do you realize there's misinformation on YouTube and media? Media matters? You're talking about a left wing scumbag organization full of censorship, communist loving fashion fuck stick pieces of shit. Listen, there's gonna be a bad language today in today's show.


So if you're not like it, I'm just gonna warn you. Now it's time to tune out because I'm in absolute dark mode. I'm so sick of these fucking scumbags. They are pieces of shit. These media people are communist garbage. They are liars. They have lied in every election. They have tried to steal away your democracy. They attack people, they try to destroy their livelihoods. They're stupid, they're assholes. I hate these people. They are absolute garbage. I'm not shy about it. They are inciting violence every single day against Donald Trump. Calling him a fascist, calling him a Nazi. You ask people, Hey, if you go back in time and you could kill Hitler's, this is the kind of thing they're trying to incentivize.


Donald Trump was nearly killed twice and was shot in the head because media assholes keep telling you, you are all fascists and Nazis. I hate these people. I can't stand them. They are scum and garbage. And whereas this side can conclusively say they have the right to speak out. I respect that, right? But I have the right to speak out and call them fuck sticks because that's what they are. Fuck. Sticks. Sticks. Who? Fuck, fuck sticks. Fuck sticks. You got it? That's what they are. That's what these people are. That's my constitutional right fuck sticks pieces of shit.


I am so fed up with these assholes folks. I'm gonna tell you something. Even if you don't like Donald Trump, you should vote now, vote early, vote on election day, wherever, just to make, watch these people cry. Make them get a Kleenex because I'm so sick of them. You are all Nazis racists, all the most disgusting, vile things. And then when we respond back and go, you know what? Fuck you scumbags. They're like, oh my gosh, you can't say, I can say whatever I want. Fuck you guys. I'm so tired of your fucking bullshit.


Nico Grant, these assholes promoting the pp hoax, the collusion hoax, these spygate, the thing they hid, the 51 intelligence officials letter. Russian collusion bullshit. Every freaking bullshit story you've ever heard about Donald Trump, the bloodbath hoax, the fine people hoax the suckers and losers hoax. And we gotta take lectures from these pieces of shit about misinformation. Put that video up on me, man. I told you I was gonna, you wanna see who Donald Trump really is?


You got media scumbags telling you he's a fascist or Nazi, he's gonna get killed because of these people. You understand that, right? They are. If he is shot again, you can blame the left wing media. There's zero doubt that they are inciting violence. Zero doubt. They are actually inciting violence against you too. You know, when I, when I had, when I got this cancer thing, whatever, it's not like a sob story, okay? Everybody's got their problems. I'm fine, right? but it was serious I mean it's cancer, you know, and I lymphoma's not like a joke or anything.


Luckily we caught it at stage one. And man, I'm sorry, I'm really pissed off today. I I can't get this shit outta my head. I can't get it outta my head. I don't mean to be distracted, but I can't get outta my head how much of a different country we would have. We didn't have such a scumbag media full of ignorant, stupid commie fuck sticks. I I can't, I I'm telling you, we, we would be living in a totally different country. Everybody hates each other because of the media. Because of the media. That's why everybody hates each other. Because the media tells you who would like Nazis, scumbag, media people tell you we're all racist to Nazis. The worst kind of insult to a liberty loving people trying to help everybody get ahead.


And why would you not hate them? so I, I was, I was in Sloan Kettering Hospital, it was in Manhattan, and I'd had to have this tumor cut outta my neck. It was a pretty big tumor. I don't know how many of you are medical folks out there, but it was a 10 centimeter tumor. It was over two lymph nodes. It was 10 centimeters in one and three centimeters, but they didn't know what stage the cancer was in. They didn't know what, so I was scared, man, I was scared. You know, I'm not afraid to tell you that don don't care about man cards or nothing like that. I was scared I'm gonna die. I got daughters, right? So it could have been a serious form of cancer or a manageable one. So I'm going into this thing freaking out that I'm gonna wake up and they're gonna say, Hey, I got bad news for you. You got freaking six months to live or something. So I'm going in and I had had this little incident with someone, and it's a long story don don't wanna bother you with, but I get a call like a half an hour before I'm ready to go in for surgery.


And I pick up the phone and it's Donald Trump. And I want you to remember this is, he still had, he, he had had covid. He's only like a day or two out of Covid. So he's sick on the phone too. So he's got a thousand things going on. He's the president and he's sick and he calls me. Someone put this on Twitter today and I appreciate it. I, I had, I forgot. I totally forgot about this video. This is me because I don't like to take days off. This is me the day after the surgery. I still have the patch. If you look the gauze on my neck with the stitches. This is from the hotel room. That's why it looks funny. It's about 30 seconds telling the story about Donald Trump calling me.


Does this sound like a Nazi fascist, racist, misogynist? Does it sound like any of that or does it sound like the media wants us all to hate each other and near the real curse in this country playing on humankind? Watch this. I got a call yesterday too, just to show you what kind of a guy he really is, despite the media nonsense about the president. The president called before I went into surgery. I'm not kidding. Like that's the kind of guy he is to check in on me and see how I was doing. He's just a wonderful guy. He really is. And it's a shame it gets lost in all the media hysteria about him. Just an amazing guy he has, he's sick himself or was, and he's concerned about me and the, you know, didn't he, he didn't even rush me off the phone.


Just an amazing guy right before I went in for surgery. And that was The Next Day in a hotel room in Manhattan. You see the patch on my neck? That's the kind of guy he is, man. Now do you see why I'm so passionate about you voting early in person? Frankly, at this point, vote whenever you want, if you can get out now, but just make it happen. You see why I'm so passionate folks, I want you to understand we are dealing with a communist vice president, a mentally incapacitated president, an entire federal bureaucracy outside of very few people that hates your guts. A media that wants to see you hurt or worse and is inciting violence against you and the president causing massive divisions in this country.


And you have a chance, you have maybe your last chance to send the biggest double barrel middle finger ever to these pieces of shit and take a stand and to fix this thing, folks, these people want you hurt, man. This is getting ugly calling us. You know, I I I can't get over this that we're dealing with a, a bunch of people who claim to be non-partisan media people who are calling people Nazis, a, a political movement that murdered and tried to wipe out Genocidally an entire group of people.


And you've got the left wing scumbag com media sitting by while an entire party impugns us and calls us basically mass murderers. And you are worried about a joke and you're worried about a joke. Again, language isn't for everyone. I get that. There's no need to send me any more emails, okay? I understand. I've heard your complaints. It shows not for everyone. I'm not in this for the money. I honestly don't care anymore about this shit. I'm gonna tell you how I feel and the way I'm comfortable saying it and the way I grew up talking about it.


And you know what, if it helps inspire people to get out there, fine. If you don't like it, fine. But don't send me any more emails. I'm serious I don, I'm de anything about, I'm deleting it immediately. I know I say the show's for you, but today's show is for me. I gotta get some of this shit out and I'm in a fucking mood and I'm not here to couch it in any other terms other than the terms I feel comfortable talking. Even if they ain't so pleasant to hear. We gotta win this thing, man. Do you understand what's gonna happen if we lose that email from this Nico Grant yesterday set me off this New York Times guy like you would not believe texting.


I did not, by the way, I did not get one. 'cause I'm not on YouTube. I left YouTube years ago. Our last video on YouTube, remember what it was called? Gee, maybe YouTube. It's called Why I Am Leaving YouTube. We don't do YouTube 'cause YouTube's a comedy site. But the text to Tucker Carlson and Shapiro Media Matters. A scumbag, communist, fascist organization has said you guys are promoting misinformation from the New York Times Peepee paper trying to steal another election by getting people demonetized on YouTube. By the way, if this is not a signal for you out there to go and start a Rumble account, I can't help you at this point. Here's some good news.


I want you to look at this folks. Look at the early voting numbers. More, more, more. Eric, by the way, thank you for the nice DM last night I told you to follow this guy. He's got a really good account, Eric, with A-C-L-D-D-A-U-G-H short for Daughtry. Eric Daughtry is a very good account. I like it for election coverage. That is a couple more good ones out there as well. But breaking GOP surges in Michigan, early voting more, more. The GOP area saw massive. All caps increase in ballot returns compared to the Democrat areas. GOP counties have the highest return rates.


Democrat ones have the lowest. There you go. Michigan, more, more. Look at that chart. They are aft if you keep this up. There is no math for them to win. Folks, if you, if, if you keep this up, here's another one outta Florida. Florida is just Florida here. We have to preface this because of scumbag media. People like Nico Grant from the New York Times and others Electoral blood bath. You hear that guys? What did I say before? Blood bath electoral. Did I say electoral?


Just to be sure because scumbags like Nico Grant, I be like you calling for violence as you're calling Donald Trump a fascist mass murderer. It's looking like an electoral bloodbath here in Florida. Eric Daughtry, Florida early voting update as of yesterday at 2:00 PM it's really close folks. Republicans are at 2.2 million Democrats, 1.65 million. That's a look at Miami Dad, Miami Dade Justin. Isn't that a blue area? Very, what does that say? D plus seven, what does that say? Oh no it doesn't. Justin says, he says Dan. That's an R. Oh, it looks like a D. My eyesight is bad.


Miami-Dade r plus 5.5 Miami. Dad. That's weird. Yeah. Or oh, they say we have more Pennsylvania breaking Pennsylvania Republicans out requested Democrats for mail-in ballots again, 47,000 to 43,000. They also only trailed Democrats in returns by just 9,000 ballots. The Democrat firewall, which is traditionally has to be about 500,000 a lead in early voting, is now at 3 81 Fire World growth is screeching to a near halt lately in Pennsylvania.


More, more, more Folks, again, I said in the beginning and I mean it. This show is not for everyone. I understand that the Bongino army is strong and I would rather it be small and allied than large disperse and not loyal and I mean to each other, not to me. I'm not. You don't. I don't need unfettered loyalty, but I'd like it to each other. We all have to believe in something. And I can tell you concentrated interests, if you've ever read Manser Olsen's work are more powerful than diffuse ones. And we have a concentrated interest in saving this country. Therefore, I say this show isn't for everyone. But I'm telling you right now, if you don't vote, we can't be friends.


I would rather you not listen to this show 'cause this isn't for you because this show hasn't broken through to you then I haven't explained to you. Then what's at stake if you stay home, if you are not voting in this election or you're voting in protest and writing in Garfield or Marmaduke or something. 'cause you don't like Donald Trump's tweets, then you don't understand the real world penalty to your life from the media, the bureaucracy and the communists that are about to steal the White House again, it's probably, it's gonna place that probably best. I take a break here. I'm gonna take a quick break and on the other side of this I'm gonna show you one of the most powerful political ads from the Trump campaign I've seen in a long time.


And again, I want to ask you if you have kids after you listen to this ad. You sure you wanna do a protest vote or sit home? You wanna find your kids arms and legs bound in a ditch somewhere killed by some illegal who shouldn't have been in the country due to the policies of the borders are, is that worth your protest vote? Is that worth fucking off and writing in Marmaduke as a write-in candidate? You tell me Cutesy time's over, man. It's over. We have seven days to take this country back and you better not forget it.


I made tonight. You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there, but there's hope on the horizon with Beams Dream Powder, they send me something to try and I've act. I love the product. I talk about it all the time. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life does our way. Other sleep aids can cause Next, Day, grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, Athenian Apogen and melatonin, and help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now Beam is offering my listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. It's a big savings, the biggest sale of the year. Shop early before anyone else try to stuff out. Get up to 50% off five zero when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. You've been hearing me rave about your dream all year. This is your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop Beam BE aam.com/bonino and our code bonino and unlock your early access. That's shop BE m.com/bonino and use code Bino for up to 50% off. Get a good night's sleep, Check it out.


I want you to watch this. I want you to watch this ad. I'm not gonna play the whole thing. It's about three minutes, but I'm gonna play it doesn't matter. I'm gonna play a minute 30 of it that's gonna rip your heart out. This is a new Trump ad. You're going to hear the parent of Jocelyn Nari who was killed by illegals who shouldn't have been in the country due to border czar Kamala Harris's policies. I'm gonna ask you after you listen to this again, is this worth a protest? Vote writing in Ronald Reagan or something to be a smart ass. I'm telling you, if you think it is, we can't be friends and this place ain't for you. But to the Bonino army, I need you to spread this around. Okay? Find this ad on the Trump account. Everybody needs to see this. Check this out. I finally remembered her phone had a location on and her phone was pinging just two minutes down the road, right behind the skate park.


I start driving to the direction the phone was being pinged at and I see a couple cop cars with lights on. I see yellow tape and immediately my heart drops and sinks to the bottom of my stomach. My daughter's hands and ankles were both bound. She was strangled to death with left with no pants. And I know in my heart she fought incredibly hard. She was not going down without a fight. We begin with two men we're learning our charge with capital murder tonight, accused of killing a 12-year-old girl.


Police say these men strangled her before dumping her into that creek. Both men were in the country illegally Apprehended, then released by border patrol. Less than three weeks before Jocelyn's death, the men accused of killing Jocelyn Nunga are affiliated with the gang known for brutal violence. Kamala Harris was in charge of immigration in our borders. If we had better border policies and not open borders and not these catch and release policies, I truly believe this all could have been prevented under her being vice president of this country. My daughter's life was ripped away from her.


She had her entire life. I've had her happy Birthday. My daughter is six feet in the ground based off of policies that she allowed to keep Kamala. Harris did have one job and she not only failed, not me, she failed my daughter. I'm just gonna let that's settle in for a minute. People died, 13 military heroes in Afghanistan.


Hundreds of thousands killed crimes committed against them by illegal immigrant criminals who shouldn't be in the country. A fentanyl crisis. It's killed, injured hundreds of thousands more terrorists in the country, murderers by the tens of thousands sexual predators. You sure you, you, you're offended by a joke. You're offended by a joke, A joke by an insult comic who insults people. You're offended by a joke. You are mean tweets you don't like, you don't like 'em that they're mean. So you'd rather risk your kid being bound and murdered because you don't like tweets.


I saw someone in the chat say, Dan's gone nuclear. Yeah. Yes. I'm, I'm, I'm sorry man, I, I really, I I woke up this morning. I feel like we're in this real I mean legitimate existential crisis. Like if we lose this election, like we won't exist. There will be no conservative movement. We don't win this election. There will be no parallel economy. There will be no X, there will be no Rumble, there will be no true social. There will be no MAGA movement 'cause you'll all be in prison. They're not gonna come for everyone. But anyone who's got a following, you are next I mean. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention political prisoners like Steve Bannon who just got out this morning at 3:00 AM They were legitimate political prisoners in the United States.


Not that the charges were legitimate. Like the, this is the definition of political tyranny. Peter Navarro in prison, the prosecution of Trump lawyers and alternate electors political prisoners. This isn't a joke man. Confiscating your guns. C BDCs, central Bank digital currencies that are gonna monitor everything. You're gonna look at AI cross-referencing your donor history with your travel history to make sure you can never get on a plane again. This isn't stuff they're talking about doing. This is the kind of stuff they're going to do and some may have done.


Folks, this is real. I have a week now to convince you if you are the small portion of voters who still need to be convinced that this is a contrast between actual touchable, tangible, constitutional, republic based freedom and liberty that you've grown to love and a country you'll never recognize so much. So your kids will be writing poems about what the US used to look like if we lose folks. These elections are contrasts. They're contrasts. You have Donald Trump. Yes, gruff not politically correct all the time points stipulated. I'm not arguing that I'm from Queens.


I'm not politically correct. The language is harsh. I get it. I'm sorry. It's just, it is what it is. That's why I get Trump. I understand it. He speaks with a different level of passion. He doesn't always say what the focus group told him. That's option A. But you lived in a country he was the president of and you remember what that was like. The good times were back again. And now you are in this mess with this idiot. I want you to look at this video hat tip defy Ls. Here is your vice president. She goes on Shannon Sharp's podcast yesterday. Ladies and gentlemen. This woman can speak in nothing other than word salads.


Here's a side by side of her just saying the same nonsense bullshit over and over again. You think this woman is gonna save you from the horror we're living in now. Good luck. Watch this. Being able to see what is possible and not be burdened by other people's limited ability to see the same. You cannot ever be burdened by other people's limited ability to understand who you are. Like don't let their limited ability burden you right about your own ability. Folks, this woman cannot speak in a coherent, logical sentence that has a beginning, a middle, and an end. She cannot land the plane. She falls in love with these words like unburdened and repeatedly uses them over and over again to define what she means.


She uses the word in the definition. She describes a pen like a, it's a pen like object that looks like a pen. Well, that doesn't help. You never define what a pen is. What does she mean? Unburdened? Unburdened by what the last four years of horror she created. Here she is in the same interview, incredibly in another word, salad, trying to define unburdened and the new approach by discussing being unburdened and the new approach, but never mentioning what the new approach is because she's the approach now. So she's changing from herself. Listen to this. So what I'm talking about doing right now is based on longstanding work.


It's not new, but as president of the United States, part of why it is important is it is a new approach to that job. It is about a new way that is based on a new generation of leadership that is based on new ideas and frankly a different experience that brings my commitment to the work I am talking about into being. What in the fuck did she just say?


What What is that? This is going to be the president of the United States. If we lose What the, Did she just say New generation of leadership that is based on new ideas and frankly a different experience that brings my commitment to the work I am talking about into being What? I'm sorry, I I had a smile. Thank you for playing it. I really, I know I need to take, but I had play this one.


I I needed to smile. You wanna wanna laugh even more folks, I saw this on Mario Neal as Twitter. This is not an SNL skit. This is Kamala Harris. This actually happened. You wanna talk about the cringes word salad candidate we've ever seen? Here she is on the stage in one of the cringes moments at a rally notice, you never see these at a Trump rally ever. The woman has the lowest social IQ I've ever seen. Here's Kamala Harris last was this last night. Watch this and get ready to cringe the goosebumps for all the wrong reasons. Check this out.


Okay? Now I want each of you to tell your own name. Do that because it's about all of us. It's about all of us. And listen, I have fought my whole career to put the people first Who just said that. Who just said that? James Shank in the chat. My brain just fell out. Jam it back in, jam it back in. Someone get one of those like, you know, the, the, the stitches at home you can like pull 'em up and so jam that sucker back and fall out your ears or something. Folks, this woman is an idiot. She's not only an iq, intelligence quotient moron.


She has no social IQ either and she's coming for you. I promise if we lose, It's all about contrast. I wanna show you the seriousness of the Trump campaign coming up. Contrasted what you just see. I'm gonna go back and forth because it's about contrast. Compare this to that. That's what an election is. And then I got a little piece of bad news to keep you motivated 'cause I showed you a lot of good news, early numbers. But in case you're under any illusions, I'm just telling you don't talk about a red wave to play some psychological game. I promise you. Look at me. I am not.


This is still legitimately a close race. I'm gonna play for you some data and it's worth your time. And you should listen to it that this may not be the runaway we think it is. You still not still convinced we can win this, but you damn well better show up and bring 10 people. This is not a game I'm playing with you. Alright, quick break and you'll see what I mean. Don't go anywhere. I want you to show this clip to everyone.


Hey, you know those weight loss injections, everybody's talking about 'em dramatic results. But here's the problem. Nobody really knows the long-term effects. They're super expensive and you gotta give yourself injections all the time. so I love my friends at BrickHouse Nutrition, they create a supplement I use. I lost 28 30 pounds with it called Lean. The results are really remarkable. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. People ask me, how'd you lose all that weight you even saw in that video beginning to show my face was heavier? Right? Well this is how it's some actual evidence. The doctors at BrickHouse Nutrition created lean LEAN for frustrated Dieters with 10 pounds or more to lose. So let's get you started today with 15% off. Just give it a shot and free rush shipping. You can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan too. Visit take lean.com. Take LEA n.com. Enter code Dan 15 for your discount. Give it a shot. That's promo code dan15@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not diagnosed, treat, cure, prevent any disease, not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


And our last sponsor today, folks, the world is on edge right now. We've seen the media STO animosity, the point of violence, the weaponization of our legal system and political instability. You have no idea what's coming next. I've been training with this. Oh, I'm so glad to have these guys back. It's been a while, right? I love, I target pro. I train with it all the time. Honestly, I didn't even know. I'm happy to see you guys back that this is the one of the coolest systems folks. As you can see, they didn't even tell me this one. It uses a laser round and an app and you can practice safely with your firearm, with your actual weapon and the privacy and convenience of your own home safely. I target pro comes at most calibers from nine millimeter. 2, 2, 3. So you can train with almost any firearm. This is why competitive shooters, military and police rely on dry fire drills as part of their training. Folks, your sight alignment, your sight picture will never be crispr. I've been using this for years. I'm gonna tell you something, I shoot now more accurate than I did even when I was with the Secret Service shooting once a month. I targett Pro save you a ton of money on ammo and range fees, allowing you to practice anytime you want and more efficiently. Here's the website, everyone go to this today, check this company out. They're really cool. Train with bonino.com, save 10% plus get free shipping on your I Targett Pro system. Don't be full by knockoffs. Get the original dry firing training system that I use. Train with bonino.com. Glad to have 'em back. Train safe. Train smart train with I targett. I never, I've been using them the entire time. Train with bonino.com. That's train with bonino.com.


Okay, back to the show. I wanna show you this again, it's about contrast. So now you've got the silly word salad. You know, SNL skit, Kamala Harris low social IQ campaign that will never and can never answer a question that caused you let misery. And now you've got guys like this who are gonna take over the border if Donald Trump wins and keep people like the ones that killed Jocelyn Nari out of the country. Do you want this guy Tom Holman? Or do you want Kamala Harris and Alejandro Maki shopping for high-end men's underwear as he'll be invaded. Check this out. We have seen one estimate that says it would cost $88 billion to deport a million people a year.


I don't know if that's accurate or not. Is that what American taxpayers should expect? What price do you put on national security? Is that worth it? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families? Of course there's families can be deported together. You want that guy in charge of the DHS or do you want Alejandro Myorca hammock pouch underwear while the country's being invaded? Do you want that guy in charge? Folks? Campaigns are about contrast. You have a chance to save not just the country but the world.


Most places have early voting options. Now I am begging you. I'm begging you. There's no shyness in me at all about this. I'm actually begging you. I'm saying to you, please, as friends and members of the Bonino army, please get out there and vote early. Please, please, because of this. Here's the bad news. This guy Harry Anton on CNN, you know, I've been playing a lot of his stuff because I think he's been a pretty honest broker on CNN. don Don't know why, but I don't think he wants to be embarrassed by polls. Again. He's been putting out a series of polls showing Kamala. Harris is in real trouble. Hispanic voters, black voters.


It's ugly for her. But he did bring up an interesting point and his data checks out that there haven't been three consecutive presidential elections where they have missed the vote each time. Doesn't mean they can't this time, it just means he's not lying. He's he's right. What I'm getting at and what you're gonna hear in this clip, and this is about a minute 30, but you need to listen to all of it, is folks do not listen to me. Do not gaff me off here. Do not for a second go, oh my gosh, F this guy, it's over. That's what Hillary Clinton said in 2016. Do I need to put up the Washington Post article again? Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. Who was laughing?


We were, you do not wanna be Team Hillary and feel like team Hillary next Tuesday night going in all cocky, oh look, we're gonna smoke this thing and we lose. You. Do not wanna be that. Listen to this clip. I gotta give you both sides. These polls may be, may be correct and this may be a tighter race than we think. Get out and vote and bring 10 people. No bullshit. Check this out Again because that's all we hear about. Oh, Donald Trump's gonna outperform his poll. so I went back and checked out whether or not a party outran the poll, three presidential election cycles in a row in the key battleground states.


It's never happened. It's never happened. Zero times, zero times since 1,972. So if the polls are gonna underestimate Donald Trump, once again, that would be historically unprecedented. Now, maybe you wanna make the argument that Donald Trump himself is historically unprecedented. But what normally happens is the pollsters catch on. Hey, we're underestimating, we're not taking into account some part of the electorate. They make adjustments. And I Think that helps to explain why we have never seen that the same party has been underestimated three times in a row in presidential elections, at least over the last 52 years. And Harry, you're seeing other evidence here that a polling miss as we'll call it, wouldn't necessarily even benefit Trump as much this time.


Yeah. So you know, if we went back to 2020, right? All the polls, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, those three key great lake battleground states, they favored Trump by a wide margin. But there was this group of pollsters that actually had Trump out ahead. And indeed Donald Trump's best polls in 2020 were eight points better than the poll averages in those states. So there was this idea, this universe, hey, maybe the averages are really underestimating Donald Trump this time around. The question that I had was, are there still these polls that may indicate that the averages are really underestimating Donald Trump this time around? There's really not the evidence for it. The best polls for Trump actually only have 'em running about three points ahead of the polling average in the key great but great lake battleground state.


I'm just telling you, dismiss this stuff at your own peril. Hillary Clinton's team made the exact same mistake. What is the definition of insanity? Repeating the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome. I'm not telling you he's right. Maybe Donald Trump is this unique renegade style candidate that will never poll accurately. All I'm asking you is a simple question. You want to take that chance, do you? So your options would be Harry ton's, totally full of shit. so I don't really need to vote 'cause this thing is over.


Or maybe this guy's been telling the truth on CNN for a long time, isn't lying, the data is accurate. Doesn't mean he's gonna portend what the next set of data looks like, but the data's or I could just go out and vote and bring 10 people and fix the problem. I'm never gonna bullshit you on this show. Do not get ahead of yourself. I think there is a damn good chance we will be competitive in Virginia. We could win Nevada. And if, if you turn out it could be an early night based on Michigan and Georgia, if I'm also telling you there's a damn good chance none of that could happen and we could lose every single one of those. Do not get out ahead of yourself.


Gee, pull that article up. I gotta show them this. The Washington Post Crystal Lizza, Aaron Blake Trump's chances of winning or approaching zero. I just want it on the screen. 'cause I wanna remind you what being cocky looks like. And this is why I've told everyone, shut the fuck up about red waves. Just execute. That is it. There is no, forget the talk talk time is over. It's now bad enough. It's time to go execute. You wanna be the, these guys, Aaron, Blake and Crystal. Look at the date, man. October 24th, 2016, Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero.


Yeah, he won. And I promise you she can do the same thing. Folks, I've, I'm really passionate about this today because the threat to democracy is real. Again, that Nico Grant, New York Times piece of garbage thing this morning has me so furious that the hack goon, communist fascist media is trying to steal the third consecutive presidential election is just astonishing to me that there are, that there are no decent people left on the left to call this stuff out and say, guys enough, let the right do their thing and speak out.


It's their constitutional right. And we'll make a counter argument. Stop trying to censor these people. They can't, they don't have it in 'em. They can't do it. They don't have it in them. The Commies can't get the sickle and the hammer out of 'em. They just can't. Do you see this tweet by Alexandros marinos YouTube, the Donald Trump Joe Rogan interview. He says, YouTube doesn't return the link no matter how many times you try to search for it. He notes. There's no sensible explanation for this, folks. I, I'm an investor in Rumble. Again, disclosure, it's not a secret. I've said it a thousand times. How is it that conservatives are still posting exclusively to YouTube?


I don't care if you post on YouTube, you Rumble X truth, you have a backup plan. Why are you giving these people your content for free? They're trying to interfere. It appears in another election. Shellenberger notes. Here's yesterday's, A liberal fascist update. Michael Shellen Berger's tweet here. This was just this week in the last few, few hours, a leak Democrat memo shows the fascism label. They're trying, and this isn't sticking 'cause they made it up. The White House was caught manipulating, basically illegal immigration data. And more voters are saying Trump is justified in challenging the 2022 election.


He notes the wall of lies is rapidly crumbling, manipulating migration data. The White House, this is your government. You pay for lying to you. And you see this one, this Susan Cork, this Jamie Raskin in Congress is preparing. I want you to understand, to never certify the election. If Donald Trump wins, this is dictator, communist, fascist stuff. Susan Cork join us in saying no to dictators led by representative Jamie Raskin and Walsh Freedom. Is that Joe Walsh? I, I'm pretty sure is that the same douche bag who used to pretend to be a tea party guy that this guy's a bum. You gotta see what this guy did to his whole crew. This guy is just a bum.


They're, they're new banding. They're banding together with the A CLU and they're trying to stop dictators. It's the same guy. Oh my gosh, I got so many stories about this piece of garbage. You have no idea what a loser. Look at Election Wizard Democrats now fighting to keep illegals on the ballot in Virginia. They filed an emergency appeal to the Supreme Court, Virginia to try to remove illegals from the voter registration rolls because the Democrats want them on there. And here's the Denu mob. And here is the, this is wanna talk about the Cuda gra, this whole thing.


Here's Ken Delan Fusion. Ken Delaney. You know what? He put up the intercept first. Remember Ken Delan, also known as Fusion Ken, also known as a mouthpiece for the intelligence agencies. This guy is fully owned and operated by the deep state Ken Delan. Here's the intercept, the left wing outlet, the CIA's mop, Up Man LA Times reporter cleared stories with the agency before publication. Who's this article about? You'd never believe it. Fusion Ken Delan. Remember Fusion. Ken, the PP hoax guy. Probably one of the dumbest sobs you're ever gonna see on television. Here's Ken Delan. Whenever Ken Delan talks, just assume the deep state intelligence operation is doing this.


He's a puppet and he's too freaking stupid and he has no human dignity to give you his own take. This is the deep state talking. This sounds kind of weird. Ken Delaney on M-S-N-B-C the other day already getting ready to parrot the deep state election violence on election day narrative. Now folks in the chat, why do you think Ken Delan and and the Intel community are already putting a narrative that there may be violence on election day? You maybe think because the deep state watch the cause violence on election day to stop you from voting and then go Trump. People did it. We warned you. You think No, they would never do that.


I mean it's not like fusion. Ken is quote the CIA's mop. Up Man here, listen to the clip yourself and tell me now you see why I want you to vote early. Now. Do you see why I want you to vote early? Check this out. Intelligence agencies are warning of threats of violence in the upcoming election in a joint intelligence bulletin. Agents from the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are warning law enforcement agencies that domestic violent extremists are seeking to terrorize and disrupt the vote. Let's get more now from NBC's Kalanan. What more can you tell us about this warning? Ken? Good morning, Ana.


The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are warning in this new intelligence bulletin of the heightened risk of lone wolf attacks by domestic extremists, motivated by election related conspiracy theories, including beliefs in widespread voter fraud and their hatred of their political opponents. This will surprise no one who's been paying attention, but it's significant that these agencies are putting this out to local law enforcement a week before the election. The new unclassified bulletin says the goal of these attacks would be to terrorize and disrupt the vote. And to be clear, this document does not describe intelligence about any specific threat. It talks about a general atmosphere of anger and misinformation that could prompt unstable people to engage in threats or violence. And of course, we've already seen that in recent weeks with a series of arrests for election threats, including a man in Philadelphia who allegedly threatened to skin election workers alive.


And remember last week, police in Phoenix arrested a person in connection with a mailbox fire that damaged around 20 ballots. The report identified potential targets of violence to include candidates, elected officials, election workers, members of the media and judges involved in election cases. The potential threats include physical attacks and violence at polling places, ballot drop boxes, voter registration locations and rallies and campaign events. So just to be clear, the DHS run by Biden and Alejandro Mayorkas two Corrupt Crats has already put out a bunch of hints about some internet attack on Election day, right? I've already put it up on the show.


You've seen it. It's real. Now you've got a guy known as the CIA's Mop. Up Man and Fusion. Ken, an absolute piece of garbage. Who is, oh look, the CIA's, what'd you guys get that from? The Intercept? The Intercept Justin. Is that some right-Leaning outlet. The Intercept I don? No, don don't believe so either. So you've got a guy who basically speaks for The CIA saying quote, Hey man, there looks like there's gonna be an attack on Election Day by Lone Wolf actors. But did you hear what he said at the end, guys? Oh, there's nothing really specific. It's just about a lot of like election misinformation. Oh, so you mean like you're gonna do something on election day to keep Republicans from voting and then you're gonna blame it on some random Twitter account who posted some meme or something and you go, Trump did it.


Folks, if you're not voting early, I don't know how many times like you need to get kicked in the Jimmy like, you know, Beavis and Butter kick me in the Jimmy, I don don't know how many, don don't know how many signs you need if Fusion, Ken is telling you that the deep state bureaucrats in the Intel Swamp that hate your guts are telling him because he's the CIA's mop, Up Man that, Hey man, something could happen on election day and we're getting ready to blame Trump supporters for misinformation. I mean you just, just listen. Just listen to what I just played. And you're still going, no, I'm gonna wait on election day to become like a sheep that they're gonna don don't know what to tell you.


They're te they're telling you what to do, that they're telling you what to do. Folks, these are the same people, by the way, who are now covering up for the single worst candidate we have ever seen. I want a hot tip or a good friend, maize Morgan. An amazing account. I I really love, by the way, we're not, I have no, I don't even know who Maze Moore is for those, there's no financial relationship here at all. I've never don don't know if it's a man, a woman. I have no idea. I just love the account. MAZE Moore, M-O-O-R-E. Great video clips. They do a good job. I spend a lot of time on show prep Maze Moore, RNC research, Western Lensman.


They, you know, insurrection Barbie, they make it really easy. They do great work. It's, and I think it's just proper to hat tip people. The media hated Kamala Harris. The media hated them. You've got the Ken Delan of the world now covering up because the Intel community and the Swamp knows they own. Here's just a quick one minute reminder of what the media said about Kamala Harris. Well, they were trying to get rid of her 'cause they thought she was an impediment to their communist dreams. Check this out. There Are reports that say that you have the lowest approval rating of any vice president. Well, there are polls that also say, I have great approval ratings. Swing voters don't like Harris. How big a drag is? Kamala Harris on the ticket. She's A pretty big drag. I think she was arguably Biden's worst political decision.


They don't like her. There's lots of reasons they don't like Her. Kamala Harris's approval rating is now at 28%, which is an historic low for any modern vice president. We're here to get from main mainstream media, a one outlet after another, one league after another. That that Kamala Harris is the worst vice president ever. The worst politician ever. We Don't see the vice president. What, what people are saying to me, and I'm sure they're saying it to you, where's the vice president? Some might ask officials feeling that, that she came off looking unprepared for inevitable questions about when she might visit the southern border. We've been to the Border. You haven't been to the border. I and I haven't been to Europe. And I mean I don't, I don't understand the point that you're making.


The point That Lester Holt was making was, was obvious to anyone else who was watching this interview, which is that the issues at the border are inextricably linked with the portfolio that she's been given. The border is secure. We have a secure border. Omics is working. Donald Trump, I heard during the, during the press conference he was doing is just announced they plan to seize all assets from legal immigrants and turned them over to victims of immigrant crime or some iteration of that. And just, so let me see how this is being reported from illegal immigrant gangs seizing all assets. See, you want that?


You want that or you want this? The worst vice president in US history. Now folks, I started the show showing you a rather emotional clip of when Donald Trump called me in the hospital. Me folks, I don't, you know, I'm not the, I have a, I was, I was, I was touched by the whole thing, man. I really was. I was called little old Dan Bonino when he was in the White House, sick with Covid. But I'm gonna tell you, the best analysis I've ever heard of who Donald Trump really is, is a clip I played maybe once or twice before. But given that there's a week to go until election day, a week to go, I wanna play a little reminder.


Sometimes it takes a comedian to break through the cloud in the mist. This is Dave Chappelle telling a Saturday Night Live audience who Donald Trump really is. And I want you to remember this. When you go to your polling location, check this out. A lot of you don't understand why Trump was so popular, but I, I get it. 'cause I hear it every day. It's very loved. And the reason he was loved is because people in Ohio have never seen somebody like him that first debate. I'd never seen anything like it. I've never seen a white male billionaire screaming at the top of his lungs. This whole system is rigged.


He said, and across the stage was a white woman, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama sitting over looking at him like, no, it's not. I said, now wait a minute, bro. It's what he said. And the moderator said, well, Mr. Trump, if in fact the system is rigged as you suggest, what would be your evidence? You remember what he said, bro. He said, I know the system is rigged because I use it. I said, God damn. No one ever heard someone say something that true. And then Hillary Clinton tried to punch me in the taxes. He said, this man doesn't pay his taxes. He shot right back. That makes me smart.


And then he said, if you want me to pay my taxes, then change the tax code. But I know you won't because your friends and your donors enjoy the same tax breaks that I do. And with that, my friends, the star was born. That's all you need to know. It's contrast. Folks, this is an existential crisis. I'm telling you, your freedom and liberty is at stake. I give exactly zero fucks what media matters or anyone else thinks about it. Your freedom and liberty is at stake in the selection. Your economic freedom, your educational freedom and liberty, your ability to pick where your children go to school, your ability to control your own body.


If you want more vaccine mandates and other extra constitutional use of patience of your body sovereignty. And by all means, vote for Kamala Harris. You want me to want to be able to pick who cracks open your chest in the hospital in the event, God forbid of a medical emergency? Then you've got one choice and it sure as hell ain't Kamala Harris. Your ability to post your thoughts freely online and to speak your minor at stake. Your freedom and liberty are at stake in this cycle. Your ability to write the micro block to put a video on YouTube or Rumble or Twitch or anywhere else, that's all at stake. Ladies and gentlemen, your ability to walk around freely if you are a prominent conservative is at stake. You wanna find yourself a political prisoner like Steve Bannon and Navarro.


You have seven days to change the world. You forfeit this opportunity or regret it the rest of your life. Vote like your life and freedom depends on it because it does. I'll see you back here tomorrow. You just heard Dan Show.