
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. It's So on. It is so on. Tomorrow. It is on You know why. guess I'm starting to Think. It is bad enough yet, especially after that shit show. Last night we called an interview. What was that? Did You guys see It? Don't worry. I have all the low lights. What about the highlights? There, were none, so don't sweat it. I also have an incredible summary of all the detailed policy analysis Kamala Harris provided last night. Courtesy of an account. What is that account? Apoch is or something?


Amazing, amazing summary on X we saw. Gotta give shout outs. I'll show you in a minute tomorrow. It is on the biggest livestream event in the history of humankind. There will be nothing like it. They will ne They will never ever be a bigger live stream than this tomorrow. Okay, slight exaggeration. just slight nine 30 Eastern time. The show will be starting early tomorrow. President Trump, I'm gonna say nine 30 ish. 'cause his obviously very flexible. I'm gonna start to stream at about nine 30. When he comes in, he comes in.


It is gonna be live in Yc, baby, not gonna be remote, and it is gonna be the livestream event of the year. Available exclusively on Rumble dot com slash bino.


Hey. You all know I can't sleep without my Beam Dream powder. I. Have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino.


Big show for you today. All the low lights coming up and another warning are You ready from China? The stories are everywhere. It doesn't seem like a lot of people are paying attention. They're watching what's going on


too. Let me ask You a question. You Think, our country's going in the right direction, or does It feel like everything's falling apart? If you're feeling alarmed, you are not alone. In fact, Americans from all walks of life have taken action to prepare for whatever's coming next that starts With having an emergency food supply for every member of your family. Get a three month emergency food kit. No exceptions, you gotta do it. Get prepared. You don't wanna starve to death. It's really bad. Don't get dead. I. Have a three month emergency food kit about 2,500 Cal, 2000 calories. A Day, excuse me, in each kit. It will keep you alive in an emergency. Food is delicious. Get one for every member of your family. Creamy stroking off. Honey wheat bread, mushroom rice, peel off. The food's pretty good. The food kit lasts up to 25 years. We'll keep You alive and well fed in an emergency. If you're relying on the government, You are gonna be one of the dead ones. Don't do It. Go to my patriot supply.com, get your three month emergency food kit today for my Patriot Supply. These things fly off the shelves. Go to my patriot supply.com. That's my patriot supply.com. Today for your three month emergency food kit,


I have rarely been more excited about the show. Dan, how are you doing this live and you're, we get There tomorrow. Don't ask But I Promise. You. The show is in fact live is buzzed into, in fact, which is funny, right at the screen is trying to buzz outta that air which I appreciate. We will been There and we are gonna make this happen. There won't be a radio show tomorrow. There's s just No way logistically to do it. However, as I said to you, the podcast will be on tomorrow. so if you're tuning in tomorrow at 11:00 AM I'm sorry, But. You missed it. 9:30 AM Anita Mc, mc groin crew Bonino Army. Get the word out. There. Okay. Kamala Harris last night in a chaotic last ditch, hail Mary baby attempt to win a football game where she's down by four in the fourth quarter goes on.


Fox With Brett Bear and guys, ladies, I told You, man you gotta, you gotta Trust me a little bit. I I know there's a lot of skepticism about people in the media and They should be Brett's not an opinion guy. Brett's never been an opinion guy. Brett B and Fox a journalist. I'm telling you, I worked With these guys for 10 years. 10 years. I was doing hits at Fox. They have They have a different, that's a, there's two Fox Newses. There's the opinion side and there's a journalism side. It's not one company. It is But. It's not okay. Brett's a pretty fair guy. There are other guys. I mean I, Think. Neil's a little left-leaning obviously at this point. And then you got Hammers pretty straight down the middle.


With these guys, I told You, give the guy a chance. I, I don't work There anymore. I got No dog enough fire. I'm not his agent. But s just told You he's not gonna go and embarrass himself or the network. I thought he asked pretty good questions. Tell me in the chat if you Think, I'm wrong. I mean I'm open to other opinions. If I, maybe I'm biased and I don't know But. I don't Think. so I watched the same 25 minute interview you did. I saw an interviewer asking questions, redirecting constantly back to the point. And then I saw a presidential candidate making an absolute buffoon out of herself. She looked like a bozo. Here is an excellent summary from an account s just followed today, which is excellent on Twitter. What is it called? Apac. ato.


APAC to A POC as a TZ or something. T-O-Z-T-O-Z. Really cool account. just saw this this morning, followed 'em back. Here is an unbelievable summary. It's about 15 seconds of the most substantive answers Kamala Harris gave. She, she did give some With some deep substance so you better understand who Kamala Harris is. Check it out. Democrat Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Democrat Voted Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Donald Trump. Donald Trump and Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump and Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Trump. Biden fundraised the debate state. Let's go back to Donald, Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump Fellas I told you to play the one With the substance where she dig digs deep, she scratches the surface level stuff off and she gets right to the point.


so you know what Kamala Harris is gonna do? If you kindly were to cast your vote for her out of the generosity of your heart, that Like, yeah, that's It. That is, that's basically a summary. I, sadly it's thank You. A pac is on X I. Love the little if you're missing it on Apple or Spotify. There, this little Donald Trump dancing in the background. With it You. Know the Donald Trump dance. The Donald Trump bookie Folks. If You watch the 25 minutes Folks in the chat. I'm looking right now. Do anybody disagree? Did you get anything out of that interview other than I suck? But You shouldn't like Donald Trump either. Was There a signal answer where you feel she clarified her position, transgender sex changes what she did wrong at the border?


Anything. Alright now listen, There, serious time, although I, you know that's kind of a joke. But, it's not. That was in essence a summary of the entire freaking interview. Brett Bear saying, Hey the border's been open. Can you gimme a number? Donald Trump, you are on video saying he wants sex changes for prison. Donald Trump here is a very good question. I thought he asked I said I, thought he did a great job. Listen, We can all do better job. I'm gonna interview Donald Trump tomorrow. I guarantee You even P ones in the Bonino army. Some of you gonna say, Dan I, wish you asked this. That's fine. You get an hour. Kamala Harris tried to filibuster through the whole thing. She said nothing. It's what she get what you get here.


He asked the question about Biden's mental faculties. This is why I told you They are in chaos. This Kamala Harris latest push for Donald Trump's medical records is so hilarious in his stupidity. I'm actually stunned. Even her chaotic ridiculous campaign is going down this road, know they're leaving themselves open for a question like this. Hey all of a sudden you're interested in medical records. When did You notice Joe Biden's mental faculties failing? And this speaks to Kamala Harris's candor or lack thereof. She can't have it both ways ladies and gentlemen. It's a binary. Either Joe Biden was mentally incompetent to run for president and shouldn't be in office now and You should have noticed it. Or you were so obtuse and power hungry.


You pushed him out and still won't admit why You pushed him out. Can You explain to me what option three is? Either she is a greedy, power hungry loser who pushed her boss out, who gave her a chance on a DE I hire. He mentioned not us or you just didn't recognize this guy's collapsing mental condition. Take a look at this. He's not stable. Lemme Ask you this and should you told many interviewers concerned that Joe Biden was on his game that ran around circles on his staff. When did You first notice that President Biden's mental faculties appeared diminished? Joe Biden I have watched in from the Oval Office to the situation room and he has the judgment and the experiment and experience to do exactly what he has Don in making very important decisions on behalf of the American people.


There Were No concerns raised Brett, Joe Biden is not on the ballot. I understand But and Donald Trump. Donald Trump is But You talked about it and Donald Trump is after George Clooney said within a few minutes of talking to President Biden at a fundraiser that he thought this was not the same Joe Biden that we saw on the debate stage. Donald Trump Is on the Well. How do you Brett's in a bad spot. Folks. The guy's got 25 minutes. Again, I mean Don. Don't I mean not I'm nobody's PR rep here just trying to be realistic as a guy who's been in the content space for a long time. When You get liberals, They do this all the time. I'll prepare You now. 'cause some of You, some of you out There are gonna have, some of you may have 'em now. I I know we were just rated by a pretty cool, was it Deadhead Media or something like that?


People rated it. Some of You have your own shows now. And you can attest in the chat that what I'm saying is absolutely true. You know It. Sorry, I'm just looking over when you are interviewing liberals, They do this all the time. Liberals will never answer a question. My show today here, look, it's a chaotic little scene 'cause I had to take notes all over the place. It says nothing They tell You is true. I'm gonna go into that in a second. It's an important point. I'm telling you nothing liberals tell you is true. Please follow me. Conservatives have very clear positions. They are not afraid to defend them. I believe in life. I believe in school choice. I believe in low income tax rates, low capital gains tax rates and I can defend. Why I believe that liberals do not believe in any of that. But They, just don't wanna say it.


They, believe in hiking your taxes. But They lie They go. Oh fair. Share the school. Oh you're bankrupting public schools. Nothing They tell you is true in essence, dial back to beginning. Brett knows that. so what Kamala Harris is doing is she can't actually say what she wants to do. Open the border, cut prisoner's balls off at taxpayer expense. She can't say that. so what liberals do is They filibuster. so Brett asked her a simple question, when did you notice Joe Biden was struggling? The honest answer is probably the minute he asked me to be his vice president. She can't say that. so she's got a bullshit and filibuster so he tries to bring her back and there's nothing she's gonna do.


She just talks right over him. 'cause that's what Kamala Harris does. She's full of shit. Folks. This is the single worst candidate to ever run for president in my So to be 50 years on planet Earth. I'm serious man. I've asked probably a hundred people Think about it. Pull yourself out. We've had some bad Republicans run for office too that just sucked. With. Terrible campaigners. I mean Mitt Romney comes to mind. There is No way. MIT Romney was a worst presidential campaign is she's horrible. The woman I I tweeted out after this interview aside, I'm sitting There I jump in the shower afterwards. Probably too much information. But I don't care.


'cause I've been watching this thing. I've been melting in the sauna trying to clear my head. I had a rough Day, right? I'm sitting There listening to this thing on the Bluetooth right and Jim said it right. If you listen to the interview on audio, it's even worse. I. I get Don. I'm like I don't even know what to say. I was gonna critique it point by point and s just, it's a waste of time. I tweeted out last night. I said, if You were under the impression that Kamala Harris was not an iil, please watch the Brett Bear interview and it'll disabuse you of that notion immediately. What an embarrassing, humiliating, disgraceful mess this woman is did nothing she tells You is true. So all of America and the Democrat party noticed Joe Biden was mentally collapsing.


You're supposed to be his number two. His deputy and You didn't notice it. And You Think people believe You. He was another great question. You keep telling people that You are gonna be this continuation of Joe Biden. You're not gonna change anything. Everything Joe Biden did was great. The inflation, the chaos, the border. What is It? Are you gonna be so turn You? You say you're turning the page on what you said. You're the same as Biden receipts in coming two. Great question again, more bullshit from Kamala Harris. Check this out. so You're not Joe Biden. You're not Donald Trump. But But. Nothing comes to mind that you would do differently. Let me be very clear.


My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. Folks, how do We know Kamala Harris' bullshitting? Again, Folks in the chat. Why are We like the supermarket always With receipts every time? Why would we Think we're we get four more years of Joe Biden and Joe Biden's policies? cause Kamala Harris has been the vice president and the last person in the room during the Joe Biden presidency and the decisions which he has said she was knee deep in and she just said on the view that she can't Think of a single thing she would've Don different. Don't listen to Danny Botts, listen to Kamala Harris.


Check this out. Well If, if anything which you have Don something differently than President Biden during the past four years, There is Don a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. I'm not sure that's a real campaign ad or not. But. It should be But. It should be. Now I'm glad They included the extra part at the end. I want you to notice in case you say, well she says she wouldn't do anything different. But, she didn't necessarily take credit for what happened.


It's some bullshit she just said after that and Yes basically I was in the room making all these decisions. Folks, I. Don't know whatevs. You need to hear this is Kamala Harris in Kamala Harris's own words telling You Kamala Harris is gonna continue what Kamala Harris has Don to you for the last three and three quarters years. whatevs could You possibly wanna hear She's saying It herself. One more from last night. The interview was cut short. They panicked at the end. I know this business Well, No one's gonna tell me how this business goes. I've seen It, I've gotten into fights on the air that Hawk Newsom b L M Guy comes to mind.


That Lady I got into a into it. With over gun control in Australia. I've been in combative interviews With 60 minutes. I've played them on the show. Folks, you've seen 'em between Unfiltered on Fox and this maybe at the end of the year we'll put some highlight reel together of these things. I've Don this before Kamala Harris's team realized, I'm gonna guess at about five to seven minutes in, they've made a huge mistake. I don't care what liberals are telling you. Ian Sams and all the douche bag You know tentacle porn kids in the basement telling You how great Kamala Harris is. I don't care what they're telling you. I'm telling You objectively and I've got a track record of success. Last night was a debacle it on a one outta 10.


It was a two I Think. The only thing that could have gone worse is if There was some kind of medical episode. God forbid this was a disaster for them, A disaster. They did not convince a single undecided voter that They are in fact the candidate. Candidate of moderation change whatever kind of democracy, whatever bullshit they're pitching. Last one, lowlight. This is one of the best questions I've seen asked yet. guess he Dr. He drills down on a specific number and you can see here Kamala Harris is panicking when it comes to the border. Kamala Harris was the border czar. That's a fact. There's No question about that.


Everyone knows it. She was appointed the border czar. Granted, border Czar is not an official position. She was appointed as a, in a series of responsibilities by Joe Biden to run the border. Obviously Kamala Harris who sucks at everything in her life, who was awful, has never had a successful venture in her entire life. Total train wreck, the weakest resume in American history to run for president. She can't admit that when she got control of the border about in the entire Trump presidency, was it about 3 million entered or 8 million? so more than double and we're not even Don With the Biden president. She can't admit that. so Brett pins are down on a number. Watch her try to dance her way out of this.


This is the probably the worst answer she gave the entire night. Check this out. You know, voters tell pollsters all over the country and here in Pennsylvania that immigration is one of the key issues that they're looking at this election and specifically the influx of illegal immigrants from more than 150 countries. How many illegal immigrants would you estimate your administration has released into the country over the last three and a half years? Well, I'm glad You raised the issue of immigration. guess I. Agree With you. It is that It is a a topic of discussion that people want to rightly have and You know what I'm gonna talk about. Yeah, But, do you just a number do You. Think. It's 1 million, 3 million.


Brett, let's s just get to the point. Okay? The point is that we have a broken immigration system that needs to be repaired. This woman's pathetic. She's a joke. This woman is a laughing stock. Folks. Again, I'm not one of these asshole liberals like I'm gonna leave the country if she gets elected. You Think. I'm forfeiting my country to this piece of garbage. She's terrible. She's a genuinely awful human being. You Think. I'm gonna seed my country. There's not a freaking chance I'm gonna deal with probably the worst four years of my life and we're we get through it and try to repair nearly insurmountable damage. I'm m just telling you right now, we've got a great chance to end this woman's political disastrous political career comparing the border patrol, the Ku Klux Klan, I, I, the the open border policies, the inflation.


This woman is a one woman wrecking ball. She has been as destructive as Hillary Clinton to the United States, our international security. She's an absolute train wreck. And notice what she does There. She first, she reframes the question into some kind of a Hey. We should have a conversation whenever someone says We should have a conversation. The first response from the interview. I'm not knocking Brett 'cause he tries to Day line With the number But. When someone says We should have a conversation guy, what do you Think They should say, guys, that's what we're here for. We're having a conversation. Why do you have to say something so stupid? Let, let's have a conversation while we're having a conversation. Then she says, let's s just get to the point he just asked You to get to the point.


What's the number? What's the number? She will never tell You the number Folks. cause the number is a disaster. We have had double the number of encounters since this moron took over the border. The woman is an buil. Folks, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. I have to tell you this. The woman is an buil. She's the largest livestream audience in the world. Spread the word. The woman is genuinely stupid. Hillary Clinton's not dumb. Oh, You can't say that. No, I can guess. I worked around There. She's not stupid. She may be evil and she may be tactically really a troubling mess to deal with.


And she was for a long time. But. Hillary Clinton is not stupid. I'm telling you from ironclad. This woman is an iil and if she's the president of the United States, ladies and gentlemen, the Chinese Communist Party is licking its chops right now. Oh, something else happened. With China. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They are waiting for a second. Put aside all the horrors, the border, the inflation, everything else that's gonna go to total chaos. If she wins, the Chinese Communist Party is just sitting There praying. Kamala Harris gets elected. Quick break.


I'm m just telling you right now. Receipts incoming


Hey. Your most precious commodity is time. People ask me for advice all the time about self-improvement and life action. You know what the greatest life hack of all is? get smarter. It's true. That's why I'm really excited. Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects You know. I wrote in my book that one of the best things You can do is never waste time. You wanna really get smarter. Learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church. With. Hillsdale Colleges online courses. Get a load of this all available for free. For free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity. I've been powering through these courses. They are absolutely incredible in your downtime. There is No better way. It's an 11 lecture course. You'll study the inspiring stories of Christ as apostles and faithful ones throughout the first four centuries of Christianity. We also learned the arguments of key Christian apologists who defended the faith in the face of persecution. The course is self-paced. Folks, start and stop whenever, wherever you want. Enroll now in ancient Christianity. Discover the improbable, miraculous story of Christianity. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/bonino to enroll. Listen, there's No cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/bonino to register hillsdale.edu/bonino. Really amazing courses, extremely highly recommended.


get back to the show. I have told you over and over Folks red flags in the chat. And these are red flags we never ever want to happen. The Chinese Communist Party is preparing for something big. How many receipts do I have to show you? I? I'm not, by the way. These aren't crazy lunatic Tumblr bloggers With two followers wearing tinfoil caps on their heads. These are mainstream media outlets who you may or may not trust. But have been around a long time and would probably get sued if They were making this stuff up. The Wall Street Journal has written a number of stories about Chinese drones or what could be Chinese drones.


I wanna be precise, scoping out our military bases, China and their intelligence officers planting bugs in our infrastructure and probing out our infrastructure. Water, bridges and other things. Here's another one, China Test Drives. a Taiwan Blockade China this weekend practiced a military blockade of Taiwan. That's an all too real future possibility for the liberals. A blockade meaning They seal off the island via the Chinese navy. Do you have any idea what a disaster would this should be? Well maybe they're hiding the drill's purpose. Oh, look at the article. Beijing isn't hiding the drill's purpose. The Ministry of National Defense said the exercise on Monday focused on sea air combat readiness.


Patrol blockades on key ports in areas and an assault on maritime and ground targets as well as joint seizure of comprehensive superiority. I. Dunno about you. Gee, But. That sounds like they're laying out exactly what They wanna do. Maybe it's a mostly peaceful, maybe it's a mostly if M-S-N-B-C covers it, it'll be a mostly peaceful blockade. An invasion and assault on maritime and ground tar. Mostly peaceful. Mostly peaceful Folks. I'm not How many signs you need? You Think. I'm crazy. Can I tell you something? I always say, can I tell You something as if I'm not gonna tell You like I'm waiting for you to. Well, I With the chat. I can wait. No No doubt. Yeah, No don't tell. Right?


There's a source of mine, a very good national security source and a friend of mine I mean I I. Listen, I, I am I gonna oversell It. I'm just gonna tell you this is his. He's very, very, very concerned about this. He thinks this threat is real. China has already said, be prepared by 2027 to invade Taiwan and he's prepared about the cascade of horribles that happens If this blockade happens, guess Think about it. Do you? Think the world is just gonna stand by. I'm not asking what your personal opinion is, I, whether we should or shouldn't get involved in Taiwan. You're free to have your own opinion on I'm m just telling you, do you Think? The world's gonna stand by and the answer is No. They won't. What happens when the first ship applies just that blockade and says We are delivering this food to Taiwan's.


Nothing you can do And China sinks It. What do You Think happens Folks? The answer is, is it gonna be world War iii I Don't like world War I predictions? Could it be close? It Could it scares the hell out of this guy And anyone telling you on TikTok or elsewhere like, oh, this is never gonna happen. They're probably the same people who told you Russia would never invade Ukraine or that Hamas was looking for a peaceful two-state solution. I'm telling you, the Chinese Communist Party are going like this. Hmm. They are licking their lips right now. Thirsty waiting for Kamala Harris to win this election.


cause They know she's weak and They know she's stupid. Folks, how do We know these people are disingenuous on the left that are selling us the fake comrade Kamala bullshit. guess everything They tell You is fake. It is easily provable. Bullshit. Everything nothing They tell you is true. Receipts ain't coming You ready. Remember during the debate, who was it? Was it David Weir or the other one during the debate insisting that crime is down, implying that Harris and Biden had something to do. With these lowered crime rates.


And remember all of us were scratching our heads in the chat and elsewhere and we were like, how is crime down the FB I has already told us, well number one, this is not an exclusive data set. Big cities were missing and these are only reported crimes in a lot of these liberal cities. so much crime happens. People don't even report It. The best way to figure out how bad the crime is is to take a victim survey. Gee, wouldn't it be great if we had a thing called the National Crime Victim Survey? What? Oh shit. Gee says We do have that. And then when you look at the National Crime Victim Survey, You, find out that crime is up dramatically.


Oh look, Dan Bonino conspiracy theory number 600,000 proven correct. The revised FB I crime data reveals that It originally missed 1,699 murders in 2022. Given that the FB I has said Hey, all murders are reported cause people are like dead and stuff. How does the FB I missed that many? Convenient right Folks? Oh, look at the data. The revised FB I data shows the increases in crime. Look at that. It's almost like the FB I was bullshitting us again.


Remember Boot Edge, edge two. The transportation Secretary Boot, edge. Edge. Remember him? He's told us. With the racist bridges loser guy who got off his out of his car, With a hundred feet to go to the White House, got on the bike, pretended he rode his bike to the White House. Remember him? Remember pothole. Pete, here's his tweet from September 24th. Crime is down, crime is down. Really it's down. It's almost like the FB I clued on any road. Oh, I forgot about this one. September 24th. Same Day some here. Doubt and deny the FB I data showing crime is down. A lot of this is just politics. Really. just politics. Sounds like the politics are coming from one end and it's certainly eight hours.


Boot Edge, edge Folks, everything They tell You is bullshit. Nothing I'm telling You is bullshit. I had a fact checker. If You want, if you wanna see this, this freaking bozo, you can go to my X-ing I mean PolitiFact. Fact check. A piece we did about people being bused to a Kamala rally saying It was mostly false except for the fact the video we showed were people being bused to a Kamala rally by a CBS outlet in a liberal city. This is where we are right now.


Everything They tell you is bullshit. Remember the administration and the media and Martha Ratts saying, ah, the Venezuelan gang problem. They've only taken over a handful. Only have there's a great meme, by the way, can you guys find It Justin fine? so my Twitter feed I don't know who did It But. It's JD Vance, smirking With. Martha Ratt, which she's got like the Who wants to Be a Millionaire? Question for how many is, okay, You gotta find that. Martha Ratts saying the Venezuelan gang problem. Trying to play It down. Got a little update on that. Not only is the Venezuelan gang problem an issue in Aurora, it's an issue in New York too, man.


Who would be on talking about that? Don Don't know. Maybe an NYPD guy you Think. He knows. Nah, it's only the New York City Police Department. Quick break. Last break. I'm we get to that, I'm gonna show You again. Everything They tell You is bullshit. You can vote for the party of bullshit or You can vote for the party tells You the truth. You don't have to agree. With it all the time. But. At least you know what you're arguing against.


Folks. Today's economic environment is still really stressful for a lot of us. But With, the Fed finally dropping interest rates. There's No better time than now to put you and your family in a better financial position. If you're a homeowner, American Financing is helping thousands of families just like you who've been putting everyday expenses on credit cards, get out from underneath the debt by tapping into what your home's equity American financing be a long time American financing is saving their borrowers over $800 a month. On average. It's a lot. 800 months, like a $10,000 raise at work and it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save the closing summit as little as 10 days. If You start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. There's No better time than now to turn your situation around. so call today, (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website's dot net, it's american financing.net. do.com.net american financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 22 3 3 4 NML s consumer access.org.


And our last sponsor today. Thanks. American Financing is Beam Folks. You know I love their Dream powder. 'cause sometimes I had trouble staying asleep and falling asleep. Listen, it's not about just feeling tired. The, Next, Day Poor sleep takes a really dramatic toll on your body. But, there's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of beam's. Dream powder I really enjoy this product a lot. See, when we're sleeping well, we're sharper. We're more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. We got a big Day tomorrow I'll be taking my Beam Dream powder night. You want a special discount on Beams Dream powder. It's a science back ta, cocoa for sleep. With No weighted sugar. It's never tasted better. We got one for You. See these other sleep aids They cause, The, Next, Day Grogginess. but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI, Magnesium, Athenian Apogen and Melatonin helps you fall asleep, Day asleep, and wake up refreshed. Wanna try it? Beam's. Bestselling Dream powder. It's now Beam's. Now offering Bonino listeners a big discount. Get up to 45%. Offer a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at Check out. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off


I thought we were told by Kamala Harris and Martha Ratt, who is basically a campaign surrogate posing as a fake news journalist. I thought, oh, there's the meme by the way. just that. Come on guys. Tell me this isn't the best meme you've seen in a long time. Here's Martha Ratts on What's that? Is that millionaire show? Whatever. It's the acceptable number of apartment complexes taken over by a illegal alien. Prevailing gangs is a handful, a bushel, three or zero. Then you got JD With the look, giving her a little JD Van side eye. He should patent that There. It is There. It is Martha. We were told the Venezuelan gang promise No big deal. Don't sweat It. Well, isn't that, it's like, come on. That's the best side eye you've ever seen for a guy that's like, that's that's, that's that's high class fucking side eye, right?


There I mean. That's the, you're not gonna find better side eye than that. Folks. This is But. Look at this. Come on. I can't even do that. I can't pull that. I don't even know how he does that. What is that muscle in the eye? The lateral rectus or something like his is really strong. I don But. don know. Maybe Helix s just time in the Marine Corps scanning targets and stuff. This guy is on it, man. Like freaking white on Rice. Watch this. Here's an NYPD guy on Fox News or whatever, some morning show talking about the Venezuelan game. What is it? CBS or something? Fox. Oh, It is Fox. Okay. Local Fox. Local Fox talking about the Venezuelan gang problem. Not in Aurora as bad. It up But in New York. Check this out. What started out as a robbery crew?


Upwards of 50 robberies, 20 individuals arrested for upwards of 50 robberies With. And out of those 20 individuals, every single one of them is on the streets today. so That's crazy. Now There are reports that they're operating the Roosevelt Hotel, which used to be a very nice hotel in New York City. Now it's a migrant shelter. How? What? What are we talking about? What's going in on inside this hotel that is now spilling out into the Times Square area? Yeah, I mean there's actually a recruitment process and Folks whatevs. What guys in the chat. What are we talking about? just so You. Remember I wanna keep everybody grounded.


I like this show to be informative. t know if Humor's great But this. That's not my goal here. I'm not a comedian. I'm not Sebastian Maniscalco. Everything They tell You is bullshit. Did we not make our point? We told you the FB I numbers were fake. Oh look, the FB I admits the numbers were fake. whatevs. Could You possibly wanna hear the Venezuelan gang problem? Martha Ratin, JD Vance. Let's be real. This is not a big problem. It's only a handful. It not only is a handful a big freaking deal. Now you got a guy from the NYPD like man, they're just taking over hotels now too. I'm going up to New York tomorrow. You know what I told my wife? I'm only doing It. Guess You know I got this business ban under new you I don't wanna do any business up. There.


I have to do the Trump interview. I had to make an executive decision. I told her guys, did I not get me the hell outta New York as So as possible? I'm going to Charlotte after that going to a concert. You can figure It out. I. She's like, do you wanna Day I said No. No I. Do not wanna Day in New York. I do not. I do not. I'm from There. I know New York. Well get me out. Get me out. They're taking over hotels. Now I thought It wasn't a problem here. You. Wanna watch another bullshit segment? You know what? Can we do this in reverse? Put the CNN article up first. Remember the Ferguson effect after the riots in Ferguson? The Ferguson effect is real.


I talked about it many times after the anti-police riots. The Ferguson effect, the gist of it is a lot of cops backed off. I had tons of cops telling me in New York, Hey, listen, keep that up here. It. just It was so real. As a matter of fact, in 2015, CNN wrote a whole article about It. FB I chief tries to deal with the Ferguson effect that cops were holding back. I already told you the story that after the Ferguson police anti-police riots, right? What wound up happening was cops felt like They weren't being supported for doing their jobs. I had probably 15, 20 cops from around the country reach out to me. Supervisors telling me that they're cops. People were waving them down for stuff and the cops, I'm not, I'm not saying I agree With, It or not Folks.


I'm m just telling you that a lot of cops just kept going. Their whole idea was we can't stop. guess if we stop these people just gonna blame us for whatever happens. so crime went crazy. The Ferguson effect is so real. Again, CNN wrote a whole story on it. How the FB I was freaking out. cause the defund, the police and all this other crap after the unrest in Ferguson screwed up all the policing. It's real. I'm not saying I agree With any of it. I'm just saying De Ferguson effect was real. Why am I bringing this up? Now? guess everything They tell You is bullshit. Here's Ryan Erky on CNN brings up the Ferguson effect and the hosts.


These are hosts Folks. Their job is to know shit. That's their job. The hosts on CNN are like Ferguson effect. What the hell's that? We never heard of that before. It's your freaking job to know what It is. Watch yourself Just yesterday, Ryan, about how in in the context of riots, he was saying, let's s just bring the military into It to deal with American citizens. I mean that happened yesterday, Right? But There are the post George Floyd riots resulted in excess of over 15,000 black male deaths in this country. How you how Yeah. The vi the surge of violent crime. It was like Ferguson. The Ferguson effect. so the Floyd effect. so, So, so You You gotta explain to me how George Floyd's Death cause that didn causation cause.


cause so It really are, what happens happens is after the Ferguson riot and after the Floyd riot, policemen in fear of their jobs many times and political coverage pull back from their jobs. so wait. so resulting in an increased level Of, listen, I I gotta stop you There the country. Hold on. You can look at the Washington process. Ryan, we gotta stop you There. cause you're literally making a connection out of your own conjecture. You cannot just That. It's a real look up. Look up the Ferguson effect. Look up the Floyd effect. It is a real term. You cannot You cannot just, it's a real term. I didn't this up. Can not just invent a connection between two things. Holy Moses put It up again. Fellas. FB I Chief tries to deal with the Ferguson effect by who? CNN.


Oh brothers and sisters. How does it feel to always be on the right side? Are We ever wrong? Folks in the chat. Bino on the case. Are we ever wrong? Can you tell me ho? Honestly guys, Think about it. Everyone. It's crowdsource here. Has There been a single political narrative of consequence? I'm not talking about like wrong about Hey. What color's that cat? It's orange No. It's jar truce. I'm not talking about that. I mean talking about Big story Star War. War Star War Star Wars. Hold, forget it then I'll people. There'll be a revolt in the ch we Star Wars Yes The Rogue One thing still is ongoing to this Day a major political narrative of time. Can you name one single one we've been wrong about Ferguson effect? FB I Crime Statistics. Spygate. The School Choice Data. The Trump Tax Cuts.


Joe Biden's cognitive condition. What can you name a single thing we've been wrong about Folks? Everything They tell you is bullshit. You have a choice to rebuke this. You have a choice right now. There are so many states. Georgia, Virginia, Florida, early voting's happening. You can go and make a choice today. By the way, before I go to my next of I mean on my, he didn't say that. I can name who it is. so a pretty big conservative. Ah, fuck it. He don't care if I tell you who it is. Charlie Kirk is texted me during the show. so 1108 before he's like, Dan, please tell your audience I'm reading it here.


Keep pushing voting early. Quote Charlie. I. mean I mean, I'm assuming this was okay to share. He says we're crushing them in Arizona and Georgia right now. Please every Day mention a go vote. Now I'd show you if his number didn't pop up, I don't want to like DX the guy. You wanna play that video right now? What's video? The early votings. Oh yeah, yeah. You know what? This a perfect timing and I'll get back to this. Yeah, it's a perfect time. I'll go out a little bit. I Folks. I'm gonna read It to you one more time. This is from Charlie Kirk. Dan, we're crushing them right now in early voting in Arizona, PLE and Georgia. Please mention go vote now. Don't wait. Everybody's telling you this. Everyone Trump, Laura Trump Don Jr. Eric Trump, the entire Trump family.


Trump bag of donuts. There's a Trump bag of No. But. If There was, he'd tell you to vote early too. Everybody, Scott, Presler, Charlie, me, Beck, everybody. La go vote in person early vote, early They. Don't know what to do. It's gonna make 'em freak out and panic. I want you to watch how bad this is. I was gonna play this towards the end. But, this is so good. Good reminder. Gee, is this M-S-N-B-C by the way? Yeah. In case you Think. Again, I'm full of shit that this early voting thing, they're not freaking out. Stop I. Don't wanna get, I'm too excited about today's show. I'm a little too wired up. I. Gotta be honest. With you. Deep breath.


If the early voting, if you out There saying, oh, why would I early vote? It's gonna, the Democrats would not be panicking. And They are, listen to this M-S-N-B-C segment. This is in Fox where They go to this Arizona and They go down and They start that. They're looking at an early voting line. They can't find a single person, not a single one voting for Kamala Harris. Why do You Think? They're playing this segment. cause they're freaking the out watch. And it should note, We did not find a single person who audibly would tell us that They voted for Kamala Harris. These were Trump's supporters. get out to vote early in the all important Baja County. Take a listen to some of our conversations.


Well, the difference is gonna be that we're everybody's coming out early and everybody that we talked to has made a a special effort this year to vote. And it's, you can see it here in the parking lot. You know this library's usually got five cars in It. There's a ton of cars in it now. So You voted early for the first time. For the First time. Why did you vote early this year? Honestly, guess Donald Trump told me too. We're a good answer. He keeps saying it. No, I've been thinking about It and so here I am. Listen bros, bros and sisters, you these two arguments can't exist at the same time.


I'm voting for Donald Trump. I love him and I Think. He could be President. But, he's so stupid for telling me to vote early. Those things do not exist. He understands what I do. Are They gonna cheat? Yes it makes it harder. Don don't care what anyone on Twitter is telling you. They are probably what do They, what do They call like? Controlled opposite bullshit stuff. These things I don't. They're lying to You. They're working for the other side. People telling you not to vote early. I'm telling you we're working for the other side. I'm telling you they're doing it. Trump knows It too. He's not stupid. His team is saying Yes, they're gonna cheat. It's gonna make It really hard. If registered Republicans show up to vote and beat the Democrats, it's gonna make it on election.


Day too big for them to find the shit anywhere else. Please just listen to me man. Get out There and vote the Day, the polls open. I have been hammering this for months now in person. Vote early. guess everything they're telling you is bullshit. Remember when Georgia passed some common sense voter security election security measures, of course CNN in 2021 called it putting colon on Jim Crow. Really disgusting, gross, filthy, dirty racial division.


Race hustling, loser bullshit from Fred Wrecker shouting and Kelly Mina, who should be embarrassed. I'm sure their parents tell 'em They have No kids. Jim Crow. That's pretty freaking freaking disgusting. He was another one from CNN Georgia passed some just common sense election integrity measures. Georgia's new laws. Suppressing the vote is a victory for Trump. Justin. What does suppressing the vote mean to you? What do you Think that means? Not what we're looking to Do. Yeah, suppressing the vote. Meaning that There evil Republicans trying to clean up elections or trying to stop people from voting Folks. It worked. The Republicans passed this Jim Crow stuff. It was so bad. Did You hear about it? Justin, nobody's voting at all in Georgia now.


Oh shit. Gee says you are a liar. You're a liar. Bonino I don't wanna work here anymore for You buffoon. What are you taking your lessons from the Harris campaign? Wrong. Dan is wrong mean Dan is wrong. Folks. My batting average is down a point. Kaitlyn Collins who happens to work at CNN, she was the movie critic at The Daily Caller or something very qualified for the job, obviously at CNN. She actually is movie critic. 'cause They do tell a lot of stories you like that didn't even plan that. Kaitlyn Collins, roughly 252,000 ballots were cast in Georgia today shattering the record of 136. Can you put that article up again about voter suppression?


I thought CNN told us that the evil dastardly, racist Jim Crow dixiecrat Southern Democrat Republicans were suppressing voters. It says It, right There. They're suppressing non-citizens. It's so they're suppress. That's It. They're suppress the evil republics suppressing non illegals. That's It the good point, Michael. That's weird cause It It totally racist. It's weird. guess again, we're almost at like double, almost double the previous record of 2020 for early voting. It's so hard to vote in Georgia 'cause of those evil Jim Crow Republicans that twice as many people did it. It's so hard. It's so hard. Why? Everything They tell You ladies and gentlemen is what?


Put It in the chat. Bullshit. Everything for liberal I know there's some crazy liberals in the chat. We don't like you by the way, matter of fact, I don't even like you listening to my show. I Wish you'd leave But if you are here. Can You answer why You have to lie about everything? Are You freaking stupid all the time? Or are you just stupid on Thursdays? Is It a Monday through Thursday thing? Were your mom and dad dumb? Is it a gene thing? Were you taught to be stupid? Was it nature? Was It nurture? Did you get some kind of injection when you were younger? Was It a vaccination of facts? Are You always just freaking stupid? How You realize? You're making an argument about voter suppression as twice as many people showed up. You know how dumb You look? I mean You look new.


You generally look stupid naturally. But, I'm talking about like when you open your mouth you look even dumber. Which is hard. Which is hard. Crime is down. That's not accurate. The F FBI's not reporting some data. Oh look, FB I found new murders. Oh my gosh, crime is up. Sounds like something. We says. Venezuelan gangs aren't really a problem. NYPD guy. Venezuelan gangs are taking over hotels. Oh my gosh. Sounds like something like something We said. Here's another one that just personally pisses me off. guess everything They tell you is stupid. And liberals are stupid. They're stupid. They're stupid. And liberals who live in primarily stupid areas of the country that have a lot of liberals, listen, I love California.


It's a beautiful place. And There are dumb liberals everywhere. But, There are a lot of dumb liberals in California. Folks mask mandate set to return in several California areas. You believe these dip shits? Let's put the mask on. guess they're so effective. Those masks They are Wasn't There a study on masks? And it said how effective it said They made a really big difference in preventing COVID. Yeah. Yeah, you saw that. Geez. Like you're lying again, bro. You're lying again. I don't wanna work here anymore. The study says the opposite. It does shit. My batting average is collapsing. I'm, we get a reach. The Mendoza lines here, Fox News Face masks made little to no difference in preventing the spread of Covid.


Scientific review finds It. Doesn't matter Why? Why does it not matter anybody on the set? No? Why does it not matter? With liberals, guess they're freaking stupid. It doesn't matter. Liberals will do anything. They are little ba little sheep. Whatever their little liberal masters tell them They do. guess they're stupid. They're stupid people. That's why don Alejandro Maki tells 'em the border is closed. There's an actual drone sitting There watching millions of people walk in the border. They're like, Alejandro Maki said it's closed. Why? guess they're freaking stupid. They're stupid. And just be glad You are not one of these freaking morons.


This is my favorite video of the show. Anyone know where I'm going? With this. Not You guys. You. Get to see it in advance. Yeah, you've given up. Did You hear that over the mic? Anyone know I? A video came out yesterday. The door knockings better. The door knockings pretty good too. If you are a I, mean the hardest of hardcore P ones. And you've been With me since this show started in 2015. Our first episode got 300 views or listens on SoundCloud in like a month. Our first in 2015. so for all intents and purposes, about 10 years ago, if you were one of the original 300, like the movie Smarter, this is Smarter.


If you were one of those original 300 cats, You know I've been telling you for 10 years, You can all go listen to the library. Barack Obama hates Joe. Biden hates him. I work. There don I. I I can't. I don't have a lot. I'm I'm m just telling you it's true. Biden hates Obama too. But for different reasons. cause he's jealous. Biden thinks he's the smartest person in the room. Don't laugh. It's true. Not that he's the smartest person in the room, that he believes it. He's obviously a moron. Biden thinks Obama's kind of an idiot and that the only reason Obama's popular is 'cause of him. I know it sounds dumb.


Daddy O Trust me. It's true. They hate each other. Played his thing on vo. I mean in a voice over this. This happened yesterday. It was at that Ethel, was it the funeral? Yeah, It was right. Ethel Kennedy Here It is watch the body language. If you listening on Apple on Spotify, you gotta watch it. so There, here he is. Notice Obama's not even looking at Biden. But notice. Can you pause that a second? Go back. Look. You're right, There. Okay, so They meet, they're get ready to talk it. so Obama, Biden, they're in a pew of a church. Bill Clinton, the big dog sitting over There like I ain't get involved. With these two idiots. Biden is intently staring at Obama. But. Look, There, You go. There's the pause. Folks in the Chad. Where are Obama's eyes?


He's not even looking at him. He hates this guy. I'm telling You he knows Biden's an idiot. so it goes on here now like, look, Biden looks away. Look, look, look. Great. Pause. Hold it right. There Obama tells him something. I don't know what it was. People are speculating about Kamala. I have No idea. I don't say things. I can't back up. My guess is if I'm just speculating, he's probably telling him what a moron he is. Okay, so clearly now Biden's upset. Obama walks away and turns away from me. He's looking where? Look at where Biden's right arm is. He has to grab Obama again to get him to pay attention. I'm not a body language expert. Folks But. I'm not an idiot either.


These little micro and macro expressions, They have No respect Obama. The Obama team has No. Respect for Biden all. Keep it going a little bit. Watch grab him. Body the arm. Now he's still not looking at him. Obama, But. Biden's talking to him, nodding his head. Like whatever you're saying, it's probably moronic. 'cause you're at I, mean beil too. And sense the body language, the tilt. Look, he's like the the hand gestures by Obama. The arms like the arms are. Good point. The arms are crossed by Obama. Like he's not even open to what Biden's saying. Folks They hate each other. If you worked in this White House, They wanted nothing to do. Oh, Biden always wanted to be around Obama like a little puppy dog.


'cause he thought he was like the, you know, the intellectual scion in the White House. Obama never wanted anything to do With. This idiot There. You go. Alright. Is it like scientific proof? They hate each other. There's No scientific metric of what hate in a brain looks like. I'm m just telling you, I was There. Take It to the bank. These two can't stand each other. He thought this was gonna be my video. The Day guess there's No body language reading necessary here at all. You guys see this? A Kamala Harris door knocker. The grassroots Kamala, what do They call it? Kamala Mentum. It's here. Folks guy gets this on a ring doorbell, a Kamala door knocker comes up and knocks on this guy's door.


Check this out. Get the response he gets. Listen to this. Hello. Hello. My name is Alberto We came from Hello. Hello, Robert Alberto. Kamala tried to endorse both for Kamala Harris Most communism Harris. A flag for you. With, a sickle and a hammer on. It's a little red Hey. Play it one more time. Sorry. I was talking. I play It. One more time. Play You I. I. I blew it. I was talking. I. Totally My fault. Listen. Hello. Hello dog. My name is Alberto We came from Culinary Union Workers I Knock at the doors and try to endorse both for Kamala Harris. Fuck Kamala Harris. Okay, Folks. These videos are everywhere.


All right, again, is is one anecdote evidence of some national Red Wave No. If You mention a Red Wave I Kick You off the show. I'm just saying that nobody They go to Arizona in a purple county trying to find a Kamala early voter. They can't find her everywhere. You go in the black community, barbers shops and elsewhere. See, Lawrence Jones been in a barbershop. Nobody can find a Kamala reporter anywhere. This has had get embarrassing and the campaign collapse continues. But You. Know what? I don't wanna miss this You gotta play the Joy Reed video. Here's how bad It is right now. Joy Reed, who is, she's our gold medal winner, right? Of course, Anita, you have the standings. Of course, she's the gold medal winner in the dopey media talking head Olympics.


I don't see that changing. Honestly, anytime So like this, But not With content like this, this kind of stuff keeps joy retraining. Like Drago and Rocky Four. Remember the like the machine, he's like this Drago and Rocky's like Drago. He's like, and so Joy is training But. I'm like, Drago. She just keeps winning. She just keeps winning. Joy is a winner. Yes in the dopey media talking head Olympic spin. Listen to 40 seconds of Opium by Joy Reed. As this completely collapses, the polls collapse. Black men are leaving Kamala Harris and droves. And now she starts accusing Ep. You guessed black men of being little mini fascists in a black, in a black community.


I'm not kidding, man, as Gee said, With content like this, these, the bronze and the silver guy They just have No chance. Check this out. Have You noticed how sharply the polls have shifted in Trump's favor over the last couple weeks? With, these claims that Trump is surging With black and Latino voters and leading in every single swing state according to secret internal polls. Despite all the Hitler talk, Yes, this race will be far too close. cause unfortunately, We do have a fascist groundswell in parts of this country, mainly among white men. Let's be clear, But in small pockets among black and brown men too. This happens to be a, a global phenomenon as women become more economically independent and seek positions of power.


There It is black men. You support Kamala Harris, your little mini fascist Joy Reed who wrote a homophobic blog. No, she didn't No, she didn't. She says that the FBI's investigating a Marauder who stole her blog or something. I. Wonder if there's a Justin. Can you get an update on that? Someone who broke It and like hacked her blog or something like that. Thank you. Anita posted the listings. Joy Reed Gold. Joe Scarborough, silver. He's falling way behind, way behind John Carl Bronze. He hasn't produced any good material lately. That's up for grabs. Folks, Mr. Potatohead, Stelter, honorable mention. Always, always gotta keep him on the chart somewhere. We'll see. Joy, however, is firmly entrenched in the gold spot. Now I don't wanna play this video right now.


But I said last week, I would play it and I didn't and he's very upset of me. Ladies and gentlemen, I know it's an election season. But, did you see this weird video on TMZ? Gee, loves this video. I'm doing this for Gee, I don know what it's about. It's there's this video on TMZ. Did you see the video of the dog turning into a dude that has all these people freaked out? Look, look, look. Watch this. There's the dog. There's the dog. Do you see him? Little arrow. The dog walks out. This is so and turns into a dude. What the hell is that? Is that like, can someone out There like a video expert, confirm to me that this isn't like American werewolf in London or something, or Silver Bullet. Is that like the priest With the eye patch and Silver Bullet?


I mean Stephen King was crazy and all But, maybe he was onto something. That video's bananas, isn't it? Gee said you have to play the dog video. There. It is honorable. Mention for gee. Oh man, look at that. 107 Day We almost had 180 today. That's It man. I know You guys are great. Folks tomorrow It is on. It is on kids. We're gonna ask Trump where the dog is at. We're gonna, you know what GE says we should play that tomorrow, man. Mr. President, what do You Think happened here? Maybe he knows. so of Mr. President I mean, maybe I'll ask him. Everybody ask him the u Ffo question. Maybe he knows about this Transfiguration project or some people are working on I. Don't know.


But I got a list of questions. There it is, I'm ready to go tomorrow live. Nine 30 Yes. We're we're doing doing it Live. Fuck It. We're doing it. We're doing it live. 9:30 AM Eastern time. Tomorrow be here. You'll be in around 10 ish. just give us s be a little patient. With us. We're expecting the biggest live stream in the history of sentient beings anywhere in the cosmos. It will never be anything bigger, non zero chance, non geez. There is a non-Zero chance could be the We. We we're expecting about 72 million. We'll See when happens if We hit that number. We got close today. With nearly 180. Look at that. Numbers are going up again. Usually people tune out thinking now they're going back up again tomorrow.


Nine 30. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Everybody follow me today so you get a notification on Rumble and download the Rumble app. All right, I'm way late for the radio show, which is live too. We're doing It live. Fuck it. We're doing it live. we had get to the radio. You can watch that here on Rumble and it's supposed to be starting now. But. I have to go wash my face and honestly, I gotta pee too. But I probably should have told you that. But, it doesn't matter. I've drinking too much water and coffee. I definitely gotta go. Download the Rumble app when you tomorrow 9:30 AM Take care. Well do It live. Fuck it.