
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. There you go folks. You care about the economy. Here, let me give you a little black background. There you go. That that's Kamala Harris for you. If, if If you listen on Apple and Spotify, you're gonna have to tune in. It's our big ceramic middle finger. Somebody sent one time. There you go. A little black background. Or maybe tan like my face. There you go. That's for you. Maybe that here the finger guy. Maybe I give you this one instead. There you go. There's Kamala Harris. Here you go. Kids Kamala nos is brat. I just figured out this bad with it, but you.


Who's that? Avita. You like into the music thing? Charlie GX 2 5 62 47 or something. She's like, Kamala is brat. So listen man, I gotta tell you, I'm not really hip with the young lingo stuff. I'm an old dude. I'm gonna be 50 soon, right? But I'm not stupid either. I guess it means like she's cool and edgy. And I. Someone told me one of her albums the same lady who said Kamala as brat, trying to put an edge on her. One of her albums called Krash. That's so you ever see that? The guy, Sorry.


Shirt. Dan is Brad. Dan is Brad. Can we do that? Can we do that? Is that like a copyright thing or something? Paula, check into that. Kamala. Omics baby. Yes. Your wallet unburdened by what has been like success and prosperity. Now unburdened by what has been the Kamala. Krash is here. Cat turd, my man. I know you're probably on the case already. Hashtag Kamala's. s Krash. Kamala Krash. You gotta pick one cat turd. Get on the case. You're probably on it already. Make that trend because If, you like your wallet Unburdened by what has been IE Money then definitely vote Kamala.


The chaos is here. You got war in the Middle East, getting ready to break out. You've got an economic Krash Kamala's back baby. She is brat. It's Two on trending. Kamala. Krash. Kamala Krash. Nice. Kamala Krash. We're settling on that, right? No s Kamala. Krash hashtag everybody right now. Von Gino Army right now. Open up X truth. Get it trending right now. That's your job. And who's that? What? Go look that up. Kamala is Brad. Charlie GX 2 47 B or something. She's Brad baby. Hey. He's like, we ever gonna open the show Maybe


Blackout, Coffee, Blackout Coffee. As you can tell, I had a few cups this morning. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Have a few cups like I did. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order.


Big show today, folks. I got that. I've got shocking And. I do mean I hate that word because it always sounds, let me take that back. Interesting. I don't want to be ridiculous. Very interesting. New developments in the Secret Service assassination attempt slash January 6th scandal. What? They're all related. Yes. Susan Crabtree with a freaking explosive tweet that confirms almost everything I've been telling you. That was an open man. Hey,


Omaha Stakes has been providing families across our great country with the finest quality stakes for over a hundred years. My family included Love Omaha steaks. These guys are always stealing outta my freezer, but it's okay because it's good stuff and we love it. How many companies could say they successfully been in business for a century and to celebrate? They're offering 50% off Sitewide during their anniversary sale. Plus, you get $30 off with my promo code Bonino, 50% off@omahasteaks.com putting code Bonino, get another $30 off for some darn great food. We eat this all the time. You know why? Because it tastes delicious. From butcher's cut top sirloins beef sirloin tips, boneless chicken breasts or good old fashioned Omaha steaks. Burgers are a protein lovers dream. Everything's flash frozen, vacuum sealed, and ready to prepare so it makes dinner prep fast and easy. Five generations have run this family owned business and they take pride in the quality of the food they deliver. They offer an unconditional 100% money back guarantee. Visit omaha steaks.com today. Look for the anniversary sale. Celebrate a hundred years, get 50% off sitewide plus $30 off If. you use Code bonino minimum purchase may apply. Code omaha steaks.com. Use code Bonino, delicious food, check out the burgers too. Amazing.


Let's get this show started on a Monday. Seat belts on kids, you know, Axios, left wing, communist site. However, they're not wrong. Even they had to put this out this morning. Axios in their morning email list. They're trying to, you know, do the whole political playbook thing. All the lefties love this site too. You're gonna need three screens today, folks. You actually need one. We'll be right here with you here on radio for the next four hours. You can't miss that. Don't go anywhere. You don't need cable news. You don need, just need the Dan, Bongino, Show. We're with you all day. Axio Otra waking up to this financial contagion across Asia and Europe. Ha, who could have saw that coming?


Let's print trillions of dollars and impose massive regulations on business. What the hell could happen? don don't know. Financial contagion across Asia and Europe and the United States fears of an imminent escalation in the Middle East, maybe before the end of the day. Man, that, that, that Biden, Obama, Harris regime, they've really got this thing down. And I didn't say that wrong. And this is the final hours of vice president's Hart's running rate running mate selection that's says running rate. I think that's their typo, not our running mate selection. Coffee past. Yeah, that is, that's theirs. That's actually their typo. Axios, Mike Allen, get on that running mate Selection. What a day to announce a running mate selection of all those things, we're gonna get to all of 'em.


Plus the Secret Service stuff. This is gonna be a banger of a show, but I just wanna tell you this, I'm getting from really good sources that whoever the VP is is gonna piss off a whole lot of people on the left. Now, I wouldn't sweat this too much if I were a leftist 'cause they all get in line. They're all freaking robots. They're like the board from Star Trek anyway, however, they're all gonna be really mad. If it's Josh Shapiro. You know why? There are a bunch of anti-Semites and Josh Shapiro's Jewish. There are a lot of people who are gonna be mad if it's Tim Walls from Minnesota because walls is kind of dry and they don't think he's electric enough for the Kamala Harris's brat ticket. And then you've got the other finalist, Mark Kelly, who a lot of people be mad about 'cause they don't feel like he's pro-Union enough, and they feel like he's kind of boring too.


I'm just saying like the media plays up Republican palace intrigue all the time, but when it's a Democrat palace intrigue, they largely ignore it. They mention it just tangentially. But don't think for a second. That's not stirring a pot. Let me just get out with this today. We open up today on the market. Of course, listen, I don't wish economic pain on people, folks. I'm getting hurt too by this. I'm invested in some of the same things. You're invested in stocks and bonds. I lose money too. However, it was only a matter of time before Overregulating, the economy, the Green New Deal, imposing new taxes and imposing trillions of dollars of new spending was going to Krash an economy. None of this is rocket surgery. If. you get what I mean? Here's Fox News this morning.


Market dropped a thousand points. The Nasdaq upon opening. Check this out in The making what some would call history in the ster. Don't say that We have never been down a thousand points ever. Not even intraday on the Nasdaq. Is that true? That is true. Okay, I'm down 6% right from the get go. This is heavy, heavy sec big tech. Here we go. Look at 'em. Go down. Microsoft is down 20 bucks. That's 5% alphabet, 5% meta, 6% Amazon, 6% Apple, 9% down. Let's pull out Apple. This is interesting. A question for you Folks. Listen to me. I'm, I'm your friend here.


I promise I have no, I have no agenda other than the truth. I don't, I I think we've proven that here. I'm not here to defend useless Republicans and I'm not here to tell you a bunch of bullshit either. You're gonna hear today from Swampy's like, you know, this was all Democrats. You know, sadly, Republicans have played into a lot of this spending taxation, tax code mess too. However, I want you to remember this and don't ever forget it. Although Republicans may not be the solution to all of your problems, economic ones or otherwise. The cause of all your problems are most certainly Democrats. I'm not telling you Republican gonna solve, Republicans gonna solve every one of 'em.


I'm not telling you that. I'm telling you, whoever the cause of all this is Democrats, everything that Democrats stand for have caused this debacle that's about to happen in the markets. Excess spending regulation, shitting all over the economy, talking down the economy. LNG, export bans, I mean every, you can't permit a freaking pipeline in the United States anywhere anymore. Overregulation of everything from the tech business to healthcare, government spending, crowd out all of this stuff. Our Democrat core agenda items, some, not all, some swampy Republicans have played along with this. However, we have a wing of our party completely against us.


The conservative libertarian wing. The Democrats don't have any portion of the party against economic defeat. They love it. They want economic defeat. Very frustrating. Lemme be covering this as the week goes on. Let's hope this doesn't get too bad. 'cause a lot of people are gonna be in a lot of pain if We don't fix this soon. Thankfully, it's only what, 91 days of the election. I wanna tell you another story that's gonna shock you folks. I did a show on Friday. I told you a story about the Secret Service I've never told you before, at least in that detail. The reason I told the story was not to pile on the Secret Service. The reason I told you the story is because the Secret Service has a culture of failure right now that's gonna get people killed. It's not a lot of the guys I worked with.


A lot of the guys I work with who are racks and resident agent in charges, and they're ATS and ASACs, some of them are the same ones emailing me right now. However, the assassination attempt and the explosive new story by Susan Crabtree about the January 6th text, prove my point that this is now a failed enterprise that has to be completely, completely rebuilt or someone else is gonna get killed. Corey comparator was murdered because of a Secret Service failure and three people, including Donald Trump was shot. I told you a story about a spy in the embassy in Moscow where I worked for a good amount of time. We relatively, I was there for over a month and it had been back there before earlier in my career. So I know Moscow and Russia, well, specifically Moscow folks, there was a spy there.


The Secret Service did nothing about it. I'm hearing from sources, this has rattled some cages. I'm telling you, I'm willing to testify to that story. On oath, we warned them about this spy. They did nothing. 10 years later they got caught and they tried to cover it all up. The Secret Service has a history of CYA and covering their asses. When things get bad, someone is going to get killed. I wanna tell you something else about them. Given everything going on and this explosive new revelation about the January 6th text, which is basically I'll, I'll get to it later with Susan Crabtree, but I hate unnecessary teases. They deleted those things on purpose, obviously, because they didn't want you to know how badly they failed to detect a pipe bomb right outside of the DNC when Kamala Harris was there.


I have another theory as to why that happened. However, folks, how many of you out there are familiar with firearms and platforms when you're dealing with a long range threat? The United States typically selects the 2, 2, 3, 5, 5 6 round used in a, in an AR type platform. The Secret Service management had been warned for years, Ladies and gentlemen, that they had insufficient firepower in motorcades to take on an attack. I've never told that story before. They've since changed it now. So it's not the same security threat it was. So I'm comfortable talking about it now. They were warned for decades. Listen to me. Even if you're someone out there who's never heard of firearms in your life, I'll explain it this way, I'll just leave it at this.


The Secret Service had weapons in the motorcade that were absolutely useless against even the slightest amount of armor or body armor. Useless. You can figure out what they were and a bunch of people went to the Secret Service and said, Hey fellas, this is bullshit. If we get hit in a motorcade, we basically got a counter assault team and that's it. Our other guys have these crappy weapons that we might as well have slingshots. And you know what the Secret Service did for decades? Jack? Shit. You know why nobody at the Secret Service wants to change anything unless something happens? Because it's all about, that's the way we always did it. No, yes, no, yes.


Remember what I told you, the Secret Service motto is yesterday's technology tomorrow, and this is how they got someone killed. They didn't want the drone. They didn't want the locals to provide the drone. Why? Because nothing's happened without a drone in the past. Well, it did. Now a guy got murdered because you guys cannot think outta the box and the same freaking, freaking people are in charge right now. They were not using the AR platform forever. You know how long it took to get slings on weapons slings folks, let me ask you a question. Gee, if this is boring, tell me to shut up. If, you are carrying a shoulder weapon, whatever it may be, an MP five, an AR 15, A PDW, whatever you're carrying, Ladies and gentlemen, what happens to that if it jams up or If?


you run outta ammo. You go to your sidearm. What happens If, you don't have a sling. They'll freaking ding winds up on the ground. Do you know how long it took the Secret Service to get slings? Like 30 years? No. Yes, no. Yes, because yesterday's technology tomorrow, you are never going to fix this without new people in there. You've gotta get people outside the agency running this whole thing, running a hob wash on the entire enterprise and fixing this thing from the ground up. They don't care about being at a tactical disadvantage. And let me throw one more thing in there. What the, how are Secret Service agents still running around in suits for, because they look good.


Who gives a shit? This isn't an Armani show. This is freaking protection. Do what the Israelis do. Put on some freaking five 11 BDU pants, some tactical boots and a freaking sport jacket and a polo so you guys can actually fight. You are running around in suits and leather sold shoes. What kind of bullshit is that? You know why folks? Why do they do that? Because that's the way they always did it. We gotta look good. No, you've gotta stop people from getting murdered at your sights. It's this, right? Just stick to what they've done forever. Takes ya.


Ski. Get I'm surprised gi 'cause gee usually hates when I talk too much about this stuff. No, I think this is interesting. This is the way they've always done it. So until someone trying to rescue the president in leather sold shoes, slides down a wet ramp and falls in their face and breaks their neck, they're gonna be like, Hey, that's the way we've always done it. Serious protection units. They don't run around like this. You think Navy seals and stuff run around in suits. Remember the stuff with the ties as Well? The tie, the red tie thing you shouldn't wear red ties. Looks like you're supporting Donald Trump. Let me play this clip from Ron Rowe, the acting Secret Service director, who's been part of all of this and was around when the January 6th texts were wiped.


Here's Ron Rowe. I want you to listen to this answer on drones and it points to exactly what I'm telling you. You think you're watching the Secret Service in some movie like The Born Identity, like there's some kind of whatever. He was like a CIA guy, but that's none of that. It is old school thinking bullshit technology and people who work for the government who just sit around and don't wanna do anything that rattles the cage here. He has asked a question about drones. I can't, still can't believe they didn't have a drone at this site. Check this out. One of the other changes that I implemented when I, when I became the acting director is we are now gonna leverage the use of of unmanned aerial systems at sites now. So we are putting those assets out and you know, we should have had better line of sight on some of those high ground concerns we thought we might have had it covered with, with the human eye.


But clearly we are gonna change our, our, our approach now and we are gonna leverage technology and put those unmanned aerial systems up. Did you hear what he just said? Folks in the chat? Please tell me. You caught that. Why didn't we have a drone? We think we could catch it with the human eye. Humans can't fly, bro. It's not an Icarus. We don't fly. How would you get a bird's eye view? If, you can't fly like a bird. That's why you have a drone. This is the Secret Service director. don don't know. I thought we'd catch it with the human eye. Yeah, you didn't.


And somebody got murdered and three people were shot. That's the best you can do. You thought you'd catch it with the human eye. Can you imagine? You know, there's an Iranian nuclear program. They're getting ready to launch a nuke. Ah, we missed it. We didn't have any satellites on. We thought we'd catch it with the human eye. How? Inside the mountain. That's why you have a satellite. There's trucks going inside a mountain. That's why we have an eye in the sky. This technology's only been around for like ever. Here's another one again, you're two weeks ahead of the news cycle on this show.


Did I not tell you? I told you a couple weeks ago. And I. Wanna just be candid? It's even worse than I reported. I reported to you two weeks ago that counter sniper teams weren't being used at Secret Service sites because it was too far of a distance from DC with our headquarter folks. It's even worse. My reporting was accurate except it's worse. He admitted on Friday, this was the first site they'd used. Counters, sniper teams for former President Trump. This is freaking ridiculous. How does this guy still love a job? He's the guy who made this decision. Check this out. With respect to the, whether or not this was the first time it was, it was the first time Secret, Service counters snipers were deployed to support the former president's detail Folks, ladies, my friends, gentlemen, young men and women.


This guy was the guy overseeing protection for the last couple of years as D as a DAD, deputy assistant director and the deputy director in protective operations. Who do you think was making these decisions? Folks, I wanna show you this video too. I just wanna, this doesn't get said enough. I have more, I want to get get to on this including and a really explosive set of tweets by Julie Kelly and Susan Crabtree about the January 6th texts and the Secret Service. How this is all coming together.


All coming together, but it doesn't get said enough. I wanna thank the brave Patriots who were at the Butler, Pennsylvania. I, I should have done this sooner. I'm very sorry. It's just, it was, I'm trying to prevent another attack and I'm doing my best to fix this. but I want you to watch this. This was a cell phone camera video. Just play this on VL If. you will. They know someone's shot. There's gunfire raining out. We're not talking about handgun rounds either. We're talking about rounds that can, you know, this is, these are rounds that could do some damage. There's cat Secret, Service cat on the stage. They know people have been shot and you see anybody panicking.


You see anybody trampling running outta there stomping on little kids? No. Look at them. They all wanna help. They're pointing out where someone got shot. These are patriots. I wanna say to the people at that rally. No one's bu this got lost and, and shamefully this show too. I'm sorry it got lost in the whole story. We had a guy murdered. I obviously wanna focus on him, Corey. We had two people shot, including President Trump, but you all were heroes too. They're all focused on making sure President Trump gets outta there, making sure that the guy Corey was tended to making sure that there's a pathway. This is really an amazing video.


This was Jacob Canfield on, on, on a TikTok video. Look, they're all pointing. Everybody's rendering aid. This is America. This is the America. We need to save In this election. I just wanted you guys to see that And I wanted to extend my personal, sincere, heartfelt gratitude to everybody at that rally for not doing what most people would do, which is try to get the hell outta there. Their first response was to help. All right, I'm gonna take a quick break. A quick break, and I'm gonna tell you what I'm afraid of coming up next, folks, and this is why I'm not letting this case go. I am really sincerely afraid. We've got economic problems.


We've got Middle East chaos. We got the Secret Service story, Kamala vp, crazy Newsday, but I am really afraid. Evidence is disappearing right now and we may never get to the bottom of who this guy was working with, what he did if he was working with anyone at all. This assassin. I don't trust any of these people anymore and you shouldn't either,


folks, everybody's talking about these weight loss injections 'cause the results are pretty dramatic. They work by helping to lower blood sugar and reducing appetite. But what If, you need to lose weight. But You don't have the money and you don't like weekly shots. Understandable. That's why Brickhouse Nutrition's doctors created a supplement called Lean. The results are remarkable. Folks, like I said, I'm gonna be 50 in December. I take lean. You know you don't wanna be adding excess body fat as you can hold. It's bad for the joints and frankly, you know, you know you wanna look lean and look pretty good, right? The studied ingredients and lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. It works. It's not for the diet or lean with only a few power pounds to lose the doctors at Brick House Nutrition created Lean for frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. I actually lost about 30 on it. I went from two 30 to 200. Let's get you started with 15% off in free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. By the way, go look at some videos from a year ago and you'll see what I mean. I was a lot bigger. Visit take lean.com. Enter Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code dan15@takelean.com. Take LEA n.com. The statements of products are not gonna anybody the FDA, they're not tend to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Check it out. Stuff works. It was just getting bad on my joints so I had to lose some weight. I liked being strong, but I also like being able to move around. So great product.


Listen, I'm afraid, folks, I'm afraid don don't like saying that 'cause I don't wanna sound like A was. And I'm certainly not saying as a snowflake, I'm telling you as your friend, based on evidence, I am legitimately afraid right now that In, this assassination attempt in the subsequent FBI Secret Service investigation, that evidence may be disappearing right now. There's no one in charge folks. Ron Rowe is part of the problem. The acting director, his boss, DHS secretary alum, Alejandro Mayorkas is as corrupt as the day is long. His boss, Joe Biden doesn't even know his first name. The vice president Kamala Harris, who's the presumptive Democrat nominee. Again, these people are, are mentally as corrupted. They, they, they're, they're expecting these people to do the right thing as an absolute fool's err.


I want you to remember that Ron Rowe was part of the management team of the Secret Service when the January 6th texts were wiped out. I want you to remember this. Here's Julie Kelly. Julie Kelly, a new D-H-S-I-G report just came out. Department of Homeland Security. They're basically their internal affairs division. They confirm in their new report that the Biden Mayor Yorkist, DHS significantly stonewalled the January 6th investigation. Texts were deleted. Cell phones of top officials, presumably including Kim Cheadle, the former director, were wiped out. The data was never recovered Here. You can see it in a report right here. Julie attaches it to her tweet and she notes in, well, they note in the report that there was a follow-up for texts and emails and they were wiped out.


It's right there in the report. They said, oh, We don't have any backup files. We can't provide any of this information. Folks, if you're saying to yourself, how can this possibly be? How corrupt could the Secret Service could have been that they confiscated all of these agents' phones, wiped out their emails and communications from that day, and no one in the government thinks anything is wrong here. Now that they're saying now that this was some kind of a tech transfer and they lost it. Just disregard that story. It's a lie. This is a massive coverup. What I'm worried about is the assassination attempt. If information is uncovered detrimental to the Secret Service, they're probably gonna do the same plan.


They're probably gonna confiscate the agent's phones, wipe them out and give them new phones. It's really that simple. I told you a story about the Epstein thing a couple weeks ago, folks, I have a friend in the Secret. Service was on a plane with Clinton and the Epstein thing asked to get off, did not wanna be a part of any of that. Flew home, didn't see anything directly, but thought it was very suspicious. I'll leave it at that. Okay? He noticed in the weeks later that the phones of the agents on that detail started to disappear too. There is a pattern here. The Secret Service confiscates phones and makes stuff go away. These are the exact same people in charge Now. you don't think they're gonna do the same damn thing again.


Kamala Harris was at the De Democrat National Committee headquarters in Washington DC on January 6th when it was a freaking pipe bomb outside the Secret. Service has no record of what happened that day 'cause they made it all go away and nobody thinks anything of it. Darren Beatie has an explosive piece. It was put out last week, August 2nd, about exactly this. The OIG report confirms Kamala's Secret Service role in January 6th. Pipe bomb coverup. Listen to this. Okay, go back to that OIG report. The most damning aspect is the Secret. Service didn't log the discovery of the pipe bomb at the DNC. There was a bomb at the freaking DNC on January 6th.


I thought it was an insurrection. Leave this up. They didn't even log in. Folks. This thing stinks, stinks to Hades, man. They didn't log the subsequent evacuation of Kamala Harris from the DNC as an unusual protective event. It's as though the event never happened. The Secret Service didn't even file an after action report that would provide details of the security breach and their response to it. Ladies and gentlemen, I was there for 12 years. I've never seen anything like this. Something is seriously wr. Something is rotten in the state of Denmark for you Shakespearean fans, and that state of Denmark is sitting at Secret Service headquarters on eighth Street, no after action report.


Why are they so eager to disappear this? I've got a few theories on what happened, Ladies and gentlemen, and if I'm correct about what happened on January 6th. There is a rot in the Secret Service that is go. You're gonna see again in the handling of this assassination attempt as they try to disappear all of this and memory whole everything. You notice the media's already stopped talking about it. It's incredible how they're still talking about January 6th, still talking about it. January 6th, a guy was murdered and three people were shot at a President Trump's site, and it's incredible. We still haven't found the motive of the shooter. So weird. He's disappeared from the news completely and everyone on the left wants to memory hold what happened while they still talk about January 6th.


So strange. But they won't mention this about January 6th. They won't mention the Kamala Harris bomb threat and the subsequent evacuation. Listen folks, I've been studying this for a long time. The most likely scenario about what happened with that pipe bomb on January 6th is it was a backup plan. There was someone connected to the radical left that wanted to make sure that they could disrupt that hearing if it got ugly and a lot of voter fraud was exposed. Remember that was certification day. Is everybody following me? Justin, you gotta follow me. You're gonna be the audience. I'm buzzing for. This January 6th was certification day.


The Democrats were terrified that a bunch of Republican senators were going to go up and talk about actual documented fraud in front of the whole country. Everyone following, they needed a distraction. I don't think they expected January 6th that the Capitol turn out the way it did, but when it did, it rendered the bomb plot at the DNC unnecessary. That would've been the big plan. Oh my gosh, bomb at the DNC certified. This thing quick, you crazy. Republicans stopped gin up the crowd. Look, they tried to kill Kamala Harris. I am sure of it. That's what happened. And when the Secret, Service and FBI started looking into this on their own failure because they failed to detect the bomb and may have found some information, someone told them to disappear it.


Can you imagine what must have been like in Secret Service headquarters? If someone tells you, Hey, You, don't wanna look into this. 'cause If you find out who really planted that bomb. It's gonna point to those guys and it's a bunch of crazy Democrats. That's why it's all disappeared. It's not about the security failure, although that's part of it. I'm gonna show you a video coming up next and you'll see exactly what I mean. The Democrats still wanna talk about the insurrection on January 6th, but they never wanna mention a plot to kill Kamala Harris with the bomb. So strange. Almost like they know something about it. Watch this video coming up next. You'll see what I mean. How desperate they are to make this go away. And they're gonna do the exact same thing with the assassination attempt.


If We don't get rid of these people in charge right now. Quick break, we'll get back to the


show. Hey, getting a good night's sleep is so important to your overall wellness. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you how much I love my Helix mattress. I'm sleeping and feeling better. I got a new one by the way. We just moved into a new house. I absolutely love Helix. We bought it. I'm telling you, we, we don't ask If, you know, for freebies from them. They, it's just great. I love, it's my third one. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning Lux and ultra premium elite collections. Helix, feel free to put my thing out there, just not the credit card number. That's how confident I am in a product. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers. The Helix Kids Mattress for Growing Bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz, find the perfect mattress in under two minutes. Your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try at your new Helix mattress. Every Helix mattress is a hybrid design, super comfortable. It's individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. The perfect combo of both comfort and support even better. Set up is fast and easy. The box is delivered. It's not even that big. You open it, boom, there goes a mattress, you put it on the bed. That's simple. Helix offering up to 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For I listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan. Best offer yet, and it won't last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts now


and our last sponsor today. We appreciate it. Windshield. Wow folks. I live in Florida. Windshields get super dirty and they get dangerous down here. You know what happens? You get that haze on your windshield, it rains all the time, so you gotta clean 'em. Except I got really bad elbows and shoulders. So it's really a pain in the butt to clean the inside of the windshield, which gets hazy too, especially when it's hot out. So they sent me this product a long time ago. They said, give it a shot. This is windshield. Wow. What is it? It's this, it's this magnetic paddle device, right? You, just move the product on the outside. You're cleaning the outside and a super strong magnet drags the inside paddle with it. It's, it's hard. It's, it's, it's really seamless. It gets in all those nooks and crannies, cleans the outside and the inside at the same time without you having to do two separate things. It has firm cleaning pressure. It's super thin. Gets in those tight areas. Get your windshields clean, your car looks better. It's safer. Try windshield wild. We put one in every single car, especially if you're in an area with a lot of pollen and stuff like that. You, don't need that. Go to windshield wild.com. Get this ingenious cleaning device today. That's windshield wild.com windshield wow.com. Use bonino at checkout for a special discount. Check it out. Support our sponsors. They love talking to you guys. That's windshield wow.com.


All right, back to the show. Thank you guys. Folks, I want you to watch this exchange. It's a little older. It's between hack Democrat Benny Thompson who ran the January 6th committee, and Tom Massey, a great republican who's doing the questioning. Okay, Massey starts asking Benny Thompson, it's, it's a little long, it's about a minute 30, but it's worth every second. Hey man, you were part of the January 6th committee. How the hell did you not mention in your report this bomb plot against Kamala Harris? The Susan Crabtree tweet will make a whole lot of sense after this. They're making this thing go away because I suspect strongly it was probably an inside job over there. It was likely some inside job that they didn't want the Secret Service in the FBI investigating.


so they covered up the absolute security failure to make it go away and Benny Thompson appears to be part of it. Watch how hesitant Benny Thompson is to talk about the bomb plot against Kamala Harris on January 6th, but they'll still talk about the insurrection. Check this out. It was in the d the incoming vice president was in the DNC when that pipe bomb was sitting there. Do I, I don don't, you know, we did not. Our investigation was looking at the facts and circumstances. We knew that there were pipe bombs. We just, I'm sure the evidence will say she was wherever she is.


But you know, I'm, I'm trying to get to your point. Okay, Well my point is, if this bomb had gone off just a few feet from her, this could have been the worst assassination since JFK And I looked at your January 6th report. And I don't, I mean, can you tell me what you wrote about this pipe bomb and the fact that she was almost blown up that day, the Gentleman, you Not right now. No, I I'm just, it's in the report in terms of the submission. It's not in the 850 page document. So you guys did your, your committee did investigate the pipe bomb or did not investigate the pipe bomb.


I'm trying to figure out, we are not a criminal investigation. We are, you know, we, we were an oversight body looking at the facts and circumstances. We were not a criminal body to see who was, who laid the bomb or anything like that. He's got a big interest in grandma who walked through an open door at the Capitol is now serving 72 years like the Haley's Comet coming back in a gulag in Washington dc But he doesn't have any interest. Who tried to kill Kamala Harris at the DNC with a freaking pipe bomb dude. And you believe that. Of course, You don't, you're one of my listeners for the stupid people who are seeing this on, on clips and are probably a lefty, you're dumb enough to believe that.


I thought it was an insurrection. Doesn't this fit right into your fairytale? The insurrection has tried to kill the incoming vice president. You're not interested. Why is it that only conservatives seem interested in the truth? Because of what I told you before. The truth doesn't have an agenda. If this is some mago lunatic, I'd like to know if it's an insider at the DNC who had a backup plan in case the January 16th didn't go down to stop people from questioning the certification of the vote. I wanna know that too. We're the journalists out there? They're full of shit. They wanna memory hold this whole thing and did you hear it about I?


don Dunno a minute into that as Tom Massey's narrowing in on, on Benny Thompson. Hey man, why didn't you address this in your report? Did you see them trying to interrupt him? Well, the gentleman yield. Well the gentleman yield and he won't. Tom Massey, stay on this. Darren Beatty, stay on this. I know you will. Julie Kelly, Susan Crabtree and others put up this Susan Crabtree tweet. This is freaking huge. August 4th yesterday, the Secret Service wiping January 6th text. This is new information. This is not mine, this is hers. A seasoned, a Secret Service whistleblower came to her and said that a few months after January 6th, DHS the Inspector General was conducting its investigation into the handling of January 6th.


This is a really important tweet. He says he's, she says she's gonna share important parts of the interview with the whistleblower below. Scroll down If, you would, this is super important. A whistleblower told her that the day before the DHS issued, its late Friday, August 2nd report, she conducted this interview. The IG report confirmed that the cell phones of the Secret Service agents at the J six thing were wiped of texts to clean up for the agency's bad performance on January 6th. Holy shit folks. This is from a Secret Service Insider. They note that the Secret Service let Vice President-elect Kamala Harris walk within 20 feet of a pipe bomb at the DNC 'cause they didn't have the right assets in place for a VP elect.


Along with other missteps. She asks, Susan says to the whistleblower, where are the January 6th texts? He responds or she, I don't know. I worked on January 6th. Wow. Dude or female was there. And I had to turn in my phone a couple of months later. But don't put that down. Wait, didn't they tell us that the phones had to be turned in on January 6th for a tech exchange? Gee, they said that, right? But there was a tech exchange that was a story. But the whistleblower notes that his phone had to be turned in a couple months later and he notes never saw it again.


And yeah, all that, all those things got deleted. But before they took my phone and everything, none of them were deleted. I thought there was a tech exchange on January 6th. Whistleblower says, I'm Like, what are you talking about? We had a technology cell phone software update. Every text message and email I had prior to January 6th was still on my phone. But once they took my phone and gave me a different phone, they were all gone. Folks, I'm sorry to read the script, but this gets even worse. Susan Crabtree asked, what did they tell you? What's the reason they gave you for making U turn in your phone months later?


Because their DOJ investigation regarding our phones, we're gonna have to take your phone and give you a different one. They told them like, okay, did you think that was suspicious ass Crabtree? Of course the whistleblower notes. But at that point, let's see, around January 6th, I was still a believer that anything they say they must mean for the best for it. But that was before I dealt with the corruption I did. I soon discovered in the Secret Service, people lie, they do all these things, it's just their culture sound like something I've been warning you about.


They lie. It's just their culture folks, not everyone's like that. I promise you. I worked with some really solid people in the 12 years I was there. I never had any president, Republican or Democrat hurt at my sites ever. Not even close. Not even a hangnail. And that was 'cause I had good and decent people working there. And when I was the lead, I was gonna lead that team and no one was getting hurt on my trips. And I'm telling you, I'm not the only one. I'm not even close to the only one. But these guys have been trying to blow the whistle on garbage Secret, Service managers forever that have run this place into the ground and nothing has happened. And we have a unique opportunity right now to fix this and I'm not giving it up.


This is one of those rare opportunities where we can make the government a little less sucky. Everyone's gotta go, folks. This place is a corrupt train wreck. Those January sex texts as emails and texts from January 6th, they're out there somewhere. Somebody's got them and they should, they should. Now Massey and everyone else in the Republican house we run should subpoena every single person in the tech department of the Secret Service and find out where the hell they are. There is no way. Ask 'em if there's a backup at the James j Rally training center and why not?


We are dealing with corruption I have never seen before. Let me tell you something. This was my badge when I got on. It's a little coin now, but that's what it looked like. This was when we were in the Treasury Department. Ever since we left for Homeland Security. It's been an absolute train wreck. All right folks, we got a big news day today. I told you I'm not even close to done. Stock market, a complete mess, financial meltdown happening around the world. The Japanese stock market had their worst day since what? Black Monday, 1987, the Middle East on fire. It's probably only a matter of days before Iran engages in a massive strike on Israel, which We don't know where that's gonna go. Nobody respects Joe Biden, not the Iranians, not Hamas, not Israel.


No one the good guys, the bad guys, the in-between guys. Everybody hates Joe Biden. The man has no control over this global turmoil at all. There is nothing he can do to fix the economy because his solution for the economy is the poison. And folks, the problem is the one they're handed the reins to to run with. Kamala Harris, I'm telling you, is just as dumb as Joe Biden without the active dementia or whatever. He's got frontal lobe dementia. I don't know what he has. I'm not as freaking doctor, but I know he has something. She is just as dumb as he is without the cognitive issue. Here's Kamala Harris, their new presumptive nominee. You think this woman's gonna lead the economy of the future out of this morass they've called for us.


I want you to listen to this folks. I'm not really a super techie guy, but full disclosure, I'm fully invested in the cloud business with Rumble. So when I saw this, I kind of laughed a little bit because even me, who's not necessarily a tech guy, but I, understand what I invest in. I can explain the cloud to you better than Kamala Harris, who wants to be the president of the United States? You know the cloud business for data storage. Here's Kamala Harris. No, it's not up in the air in a cloud. It's not really a cloud. It's not a cloud. It's not a cumulus sirs cloud. Listen to this idiot.


Check this out. So you're now no longer are you necessarily keeping those private files in some file cabinet that's locked in the basement of the house. It's on your laptop and it's then therefore up here, In this cloud that exists above us, right? It's no longer in a physical place. My man, cat turd is on it, by the way, go to his account. He's at Cat Turd two, the number two and a minute ago he put out Kamala Krash. I have since retweeted that. Make sure you do it. Get Kamala Krash going because that's exactly what it is.


This is a Krash called by Kamala. This is the woman who wants to regulate the tech business, engage in the Green New Deal tax the shit outta your companies, corporations, kids, small businesses, S Corp, C Corp, LLCs. She wants to steal it for herself. She's like, it's the cloud and it's a Justin, you a big tech guy. Justin's pretty techy, pretty smart. He goes to school. Michael's definitely a tech guy. Is the cloud, is it actually up in the sky? Does your data go up in the sky? Does anybody know that? Do we have an antenna that transmits it up into like the cosmos or something? No, we don't. Okay, that's that's good to know. That's not what the cloud is, folks. That's not even close to what the cloud is. But Kamala probably believes that.


'cause she's not smart enough to, no, she's not even smart enough to run a presidential campaign after being handed to her, having it handed to her on a silver platter. You think she's smart enough to run a tech driven, AI driven economy? Yeah. Okay, good luck with that folks. And who the hell is running our government? Listen, I'm gonna tell you something. Kamala was not Obama's pick, and you could call it a conspiracy theory. All you want, my batting average on conspiracy theories is a thousand. The left wing medias is precisely zero. A donut, a goose egg. You guys have been wrong on everything. But now that Obama's stuck with Kamala Harris, they wanna make sure they get the right people in there because Obama people have been running largely the administrative side of the Biden White House for a really long time.


Even though Biden hates Obama, and Obama hates Biden, Obama's never ever gonna get his fingers outta government, ever. Even political playbooks reporting on it. Obama flying Wilmington at the center of the shakeup are a group of new senior advisors best known for their work on Barack Obama's campaigns for president and inside his White House folks, this guy's got his hands all over it, man. He's got his, his hands all over this place, and even though he's stuck with the dreadful Kamala Harris, they're gonna make sure they get their people in select spots. Make no mistake, I want you to listen to this. This is David Sachs.


David Sachs a tech guy. They have a podcast, the All In podcast with Chamath and a couple other guys's, a pretty popular tech podcast, investment podcast. There's about a minute clip from the show, David Sachs, who's not a particularly emotional guy. Definitely not like a huge like political guy, but he'll talk about politics on the show once in a while. He makes the point right here. I'm making for you right now that the entire Biden White House is a construct. There is no Biden White House. There are a group of people behind the scenes running Biden. Again, this is a tech guy. He's not a really political guy talking, and he asked that same question about Kamala. Who the hell's in charge of that operation?


We're not the only ones asking this. Check this out. One of our critiques of Biden, not just In this election cycle, but probably going back a year, is that Biden had become basically a figurehead president, almost a construct, and he was fronting for a shadow cabinet or a, a group of powerful staffers who were really running the country basically because of his cognitive decline. And we sort of joke that whoever the White House intern was who was running the social media accounts, or the staffer who was running the teleprompter was basically the president because they could dictate what Biden said. Now, I think the question to ask is, has anything changed? Kamala Harris refuses to do any interviews.


She doesn't wanna do any unscripted appearances. She's abandoned all of her policy positions that have been longstanding and were the reason why she ran for president in the first place in 2020. So the question to ask is, do we still have a construct as the president? That that's a damn good question. You got a war, getting ready to break out a war was already a war. I mean, a leveled up, teared up war in the Middle East, getting ready to break out, okay, you've got a situation brewing in everywhere from Bangladesh right now to China and Taiwan. Look it up, If. you think we don't get into a lot of foreign policy on the show? I happen to enjoy it.


Just look that up today. You've got chaos in Venezuela. Where's Kamala Harris? She's not even doing interviews. Who's running this campaign? They're trying to basement Kamala Harris too, just like they did with Biden, the Kamala. Krash, man, you can't hide that folks. People are waking up this morning. You've got large swaths of middle class America waking up with a lot of their money in 4 0 1 Ks and pension funds who are gonna open up their account statements if they even work. A lot of people have been locked out this morning trying to trade and they're going, what the hell else can I tolerate from this Biden Harris economy?


Kamala is Brett. Oh, she's proud. All right, lemme just give a quick piece of advice to the Trump team on this if they'll take it. New York Post. Trump says the lead debate Kamala Harris on Fox News or won't see her at Earl as he, as he rips, rips, VP's mental capacity, good for you. Do not accept again any of their preconditions on the debate. Donald Trump agreed to a debate with Joe Biden under X conditions. It is not our fault that Joe Biden sucks so bad. He dropped out. The deal was not with Kamala Harris. There was a VP debate with Kamala Harris. She is not the VP nominee anymore, the VP now, she is now the presumptive Democrat nominee.


Okay? She's the Democrat nominee. It's not our fault. They switch positions. It is a different set of rules. Now, you are in charge of the Trump team. You wanna do a debate on A, B, C, fine. Make sure you get one on Fox or on some conservative outlet. You. Don't owe them anything. Let her go do a pressor first and explain the Kamala Krash, what's happening in Venezuela, what's happening in the Middle East? What's happening in China? Let them explain it. Have you seen this ad, by the way, about Kamala? Omics? It's Brad, by the way. Kamala omics is Brad. Just ask Charlie XG 2 47 B.


She says, so I mean this, you know, listen man, are we gonna get into the program or what are we just gonna buy into this? Anyone start looking at Kamala, who she really is. She's a crazy person. Everything she stands for makes Bernie Sanders look like George HW Bush, and he wasn't even conservative. This ad is devastating. Someone put this out for some Trump aligned pack folks. It has sound, but not a lot of, a lot, not a, not a voice in it. I'm just gonna play this And. I want you to watch this and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about. This is devastating stuff. Play that cut.


You hear that sound, you're listening only on audio. It's an image of a grocery counter checking out items. Now it changes. We're Looking at a gas pump. I went up and up and up. You hear that gas going in there, draining your wallet, unburdened by what has been IE money in your wallet. That's not there.


It's the sound of inflation. This guy here doing his taxes, noticing, Wow, Bill's a lot higher, higher taxes, smaller paychecks. Oh look, it's the border. A lot of people welcoming themselves into the United States. Sounds of Kamala, Harris's, Kamala, omics, Kamala on the border. Border Czar, Kamala Harris, gas price, Kamala Harris, pay your taxes. Kamala Harris, pay more of your taxes.


Kamala Harris, pay even more of your taxes. Kamala Harris, whoever put that ad together, was it, make America Great Again. Pac, freaking genius folks, they can't escape this stuff. There are people waking up with their pensions and their 4 0 1 ks getting routed today. There are people who've been paying more for gas and groceries and taxes under this dreadful, disgusting regime because Kam is Brad. You know, there are people out there working for a living and you can shit on 'em all you want. These are the people who make America work, okay? These are people who get up at five and six in the morning. They go and they fix your HVAC system. They go and they do your landscaping.


They go and they do electric and run wire in your house. They, they're sitting there in attics, running wires, putting alarm systems in. These are people working out there in the railroads. Railroads. These are people out there policing the streets. There are people out there in our military. These people work for a living, and you know what? Some of them come home and they just wanna enjoy a beer on the couch and relax for an hour or two before they gotta go to sleep and wash, rinse, repeat, and do the same damn thing over again. The Democrats have been shitting on these people for forever, but these are real Americans. These are the Americans I grew up with in Liberty Park in Glendale. People who went home, my family owned a bar.


Five o'clock, some of the guys would come in, have a drink, they'd go home, walk down the block. It was all walking distance. It was a neighborhood bar. These are real Americans. I want you to listen to this guy at a rally. These are the guys, Democrats hate. They absolutely hate you if you're one of these guys right here, but this is working class America. Take a listen. I remember before Trump got out of office, it would, I only had to put $10 in my truck, go back and forth to work. Then all of a sudden it's 30 to 40 and then prices on beer goes up and hey, that, that's the working man's Gatorade right there.


I know what the left is saying. O, don't be middle class. Fly over country losers, working man's Gatorade. Those are the men and women that make this place work. Man, deserve a beer at night. Deserve to go home, have themselves a cold one. They hate you, man. They can't stand you. And what are these people doing? Nothing. They're laughing in your face. Think you're a joke. Way to watch this video. Now listen, you can speculate all you want about this.


I'm just showing you the video. This is the Hostage exchange the other day. Now folks, again, I've been at these sites a thousand times. The Secret, Service and everyone else, and the staff looks really confused. Here's Joe Biden walking back onto a plane. Now the fact checkers say, oh, he was going back on the plane to meet with everyone. Maybe he was, maybe he wasn't. I don't know. Ladies and gentlemen, all I'm telling you is most of the people that already disembarked that plane, what is he saying? Hi to the pilot? I don't know. But look at the Secret, Service guys. They're, they're looking up there like, where the hell is this guy going? don don't know what he's doing, folks. I don't care to speculate. I don't really care. All the real reason I'm playing this is 'cause this guy disappears like this all the time. When you need him most, where is he today?


Economic, Krash War in the Middle East, breaking out. Where is he? Where's Kamala Harris today? The answer is doing what? They always do nothing. Absolutely Jack squat. I'd rather have a guy out there sending mean tweets than someone out there sitting there ducking, hiding in a basement. Again, it was a Big show. today, we covered a lot, folks. And, I, really appreciate it. I'm voting for the outlaw and so are you guys. Make sure you bring 10 people. 10. It's not good enough to vote. It's only good enough to vote If. you bring 10 people with you. Do not forget, please, I'm begging you. We lose this selection. You're not gonna have a country to go back and you're gonna look at a totally different place.


We're the leaders who've been waiting for us. My friend GI says, make sure you download the Rumble app. Follow us every day at 11:00 AM eastern time. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. It's all free. Really appreciate it. Click those follow buttons. Helps us, helps us stay on the top charts. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show in Rumble in a few minutes and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.