
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks. I really appreciate everybody spreading the word about yesterday's show. I assure you the anger was righteous. I You know again, I get the whole language issue. I understand, but I'm as frustrated as you are. I just can't believe like many of you that we're dealing with such tier one level platinum award-winning level buil and our government and in media that can continues to cover for them. It's just shocking. We've gotta deal with assholes all the time. We all wanna get away from them, but we can't.


We have to wait for elections 'cause we live in a constitutional republic. If we could get rid of these idiots You know with with Snap elections, we would, but they're all disgusting morons. Ma York is shopping for dry end draws while people are drowning. Kamala Harris on Colbert with now whipping out her what? 15th different accent so far you've got Biden died. You don't know what he's doing. Again, getting a Coppertone tan on a beach in Delaware, it's just disgusting. And when you're down here in a hurricane zone, I got a lot of emails from P ones yesterday. It's frustrating folks. I I love living in Florida.


I I. Can't recommend this place enough. It is a wonderful, wonderful place to live. It's freaking 75 degrees in January. You're sitting in a pool sipping a margarita, okay? But once in a while you gotta deal with a hurricane. But I'm gonna tell you something. Don't cry for me Argentina. I'll be fine. But it's freaking stressful. It just is. You can't get my, my generator broke. We gotta, we have You know if the power goes down, we're gonna be screwed. I'm trying to get a live radio show out. You know it's a lot of stress. And to see these idiots shopping for high-end men's wear, drinking beers on Colbert smoking and joking like a bunch of dumb ass drunken clowns.


It's freaking annoying. It's freaking annoying. I'm pissed off. You are pissed off. People are dead. People are drowning. Entire towns have been wiped out and we've gotta deal with assholes. We've gotta deal with assholes all the time. Thankfully we got people like DeSantis down here in Florida taking some leadership and just showing people how it's done.


Let me get to the show at the beginning folks You know you can't. I can't sleep without my Beam Dream Powder They have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


I got that. I've got a lot more. Of course, we've got an election coming up. Kamala Harris, amazingly again whips out yet another accent, folks. She's now French, she's now Jamaican. She's got an accent for every day. She's, she's from the uk. Next she'll be from Australia, mate. She'll be pulling the Crocodile Dundee next. The woman is full of shit.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy, inflation, endless wars and the relentless assault assaults on our values. Thankfully as companies like Patriot Mobile that believe in us and our rights, I'm proud of part of with Patriot Mobile, they're on the front lines fighting for our rights. Our military, our first responder, heroes and sanctity of life. Take a stand for conservative causes. Put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile. Today you get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Then 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. So keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. You get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values of the same coverage. They don't and they can't. So join me and switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


Alright fellas, let's go on an important note first, I don't know if you saw this viral weather channel clip here. There was a clip yesterday that shows some of the damage that could happen with this massive storm surge. Folks, I feel an obligation as a Florida resident. This is turning into a national story. We have had no leadership at the federal level. It has completely collapsed. The states are pretty much on their own that the FEMA response, the federal government response has been absolutely dreadful. So I feel an obligation to be helpful in this and not to be a hindrance like the federal government. Here's a weather channel. Simulation was all over the internet yesterday. Here's about a minute of it, about what happens when the storm surge, which is gonna happen up on the Gulf and on our coast too.


We are now in that cone of uncertainty on the east coast. So I'll, I'm more on that on the other side. But check this out. First three Feet above, normally dry ground water is already life-threatening. It's too late to evacuate. Water this high can knock you off your feet make cars float and driving impossible. The first floor of homes and businesses are flooded. Unfortunately, the water's expected to rise even higher at six feet above the height of most people. Vehicles get carried away. Structure start to fail. Just look at this. Anything could be in this water. Sharp glass debris, chemicals as well. The scary part is some areas could see surge values at 10 to 15 feet and this takes us up to nine.


And look what it does at this level. The first floors of structures are completely flooded and there are few places that it is safe when the water rises this high, we want everyone to know their evacuation zone. Listen to local officials and evacuate when ordered to do so in Georgia. Folks, we right here where I am in Martin County, we are now on the east coast side of this cone, I I. Don't know what's gonna happen. I know we'll be here tomorrow if we have to record a little early. We will. We will be here. I hope you're here too. I will give you an update, what it looks like on the ground. Many of you have been through hurricanes before. Some of you have not. It's, it's really not a pleasant situation at all.


Like I said, it sounds like there's a jet engine outside of your bedroom. You can't sleep, you're freaked out, things blow away. You lose everything. You have anything outside. Forget about it. So we've been preparing, like I said, the generator's aren't really working. We've had it. We're trying to fix this problem. So we've got a ton of issues going on here, but you guys matter to me. The show matters to me and so does this election. This is no time for dicking around. This is no time for freaking sob stories. I don't care if the damn studio blows away, we're gonna get something out, okay? Because we've got a freaking election to win and it is the most consequential election of our lifetime because we are running against an actual imbecile who will have the nuclear codes.


This woman, I'm convinced every day not only has no aptitude, she's got a little bit of achievement. I will give her that she's got that the she's got her her law degree, whatever. Don't, let's not run away and pop the champagne bottles. She has no aptitude. She has no resume, she has no cv, she has no leadership skills. And I'm really starting to question if this woman is even of average iq. She is a moron who does this on a nationally televised late night show that You know maybe a million people watch. It's not that big of an audience used to be bigger. Here's Stephen Colbert, Colbert, whatever his name. I don't know. He just sounds smart.


Here she is whipping out yet another accent. We're gonna try to get a compilation for tomorrow's show of all the Kamala accents. This is real. This is not ai. You really believe this is gonna be your next president. Check this out. Have You know empathy man Yes. No for the the suffering of other people. Have you no sense of purpose Folks, how many fake accents are we going to have to put up with? Who does this? See, most of you hang around with average to high average to above average IQ people.


You, you don't do this when you're drunk on a couple of PBRs. Okay? Nobody does this. Why does she continue to do this? The answer is because she's an idiot. She has no You. know what social IQ is. You can go read books about it. Social intelligence. It is a really important features. Some people have, very successful people have it. They may not be mathematicians engineers, they may not have the highest actual iq, but they have an amazing ability to interact with people. And what they can do is they can get in other people's heads basically and see how other people see them. So when they're talking too much at say a group function, they can sense other people are frustrated with them and they shut up low social IQ people.


Joe Biden, Kamala Harris. You see they have this feature where they just don't understand that they sound like idiots. This woman is not a leader. This is not what leadership looks like. The word has gone out now that she may have skipped some operational briefings before Helene in these storms that she skipped them. She's the vice president of the United States. This woman is not a leader. Every single thing Joe Biden has done to you. The border, the public safety crisis, the global chaos, the inflation crisis, the record historic deficits. You see we're at 1.83 trillion annual deficits this year alone. This is crazy. She has been at the table as the final person in the room okaying all of this.


That's not what leadership looks like. This is what leadership looks like. Here's Governor Ron DeSantis down here in Florida is no time for this bullshit at all. Here's DeSantis telling Kamala, unless you're down here to make decisions and allocate resources, stop wasting my mother time and calling us. You're wasting our time. Listen to this. My focus has not been on dealing with, with Kamala Harris. I did. I saw the news report. I didn't know she tried to contact me. But I'd also say it's not about you Kamala, right? It's about the people of Florida. My focus is exactly where it should be. And I can tell you this.


I've worked on these hurricanes under both President Trump and President Biden. Neither of them ever tried to politicize it. She has never called on any of the storms we've had since she's been vice president until apparently now while of a sudden is she trying to parachute in and inject herself when she's never shown any interest in the past. We know it's because of politics, we know it's because of her campaign. I have zero time to entertain these political games. We're gonna continue to do what we need to do to prepare and respond to what may be one of the most damaging storms in the history of the United States. So she says, focusing on protecting your people is selfish.


I think she ought to look in the mirror. Verdict is in Kamala sucks. That is how it's done. They've got electrical alignment. Heroes. By the way, love you guys and ladies out there to the linemen out there getting ready to restore power to the state of Florida. God bless you. God bless you. To all the truckers out there getting ready, lining up, getting ready to restock the store so people down here can eat and get gas again. God loves you. We love you, man, our audience. Thank 'em in the chat. Thank 'em in the chat because that's what we do here. America's full of heroes who work every day.


And these asshole politicians are not them. Are not them. This is how you prepare a state for a disaster. You get out there in front of the people every, what's Kamala Harris doing? She's faking a Jamaican accent drinking beer on Stephen Colbert. Show folks, the Democrats hate you. I am sorry. Thank you folks in the chat, I. really appreciate it. You guys are good folks. I meant it. And you linemen and you in the chat. And you truckers out there know we love you. You work for a living. And by the way, I, I I I, don't care what your party registration is. I care that you work for a living, okay? I care that you work for a living.


I want you to know you always have a home here. I come from a family of people who work for a living. My dad was a plumber. My mom worked at checkout counter in a finest supermarket. My brother's an electrician. I was a cop. My other brother was an agent. We're not some family of silver spoon babies. I get it man. This is why we're all frustrated, frustrated and pissed off at all these losers folks. The Democrat party freaking hates you. I am sorry to tell you this. They hate you. Why do they wanna tax you more? 'cause the Democrat Party says, you mother are too stupid to spend your own money. Give it to us. Why won't they let you pick where your kid goes to school?


And they hate school choice. 'cause they're like you dumb mother. You guys don't know where to send your kids to school. We're gonna tell you, why does Kamala Harris wanna ban private healthcare? Because she's like, you dumb. You don't know how to pick your own doctor. I'm gonna do it for you. They hate you. When are you gonna get this through your head? People Democrats hate you. They hate your guts. They lie to your face. They took your money. They whipped out their units and they pissed it down the toilet like this. Here was the Democrat here all over the floor too. They gave your FEMA money to illegals. How many times we gotta put this little chart up. I'll put it up later in the show.


They gave, they press released it. They press, oh, it was from a different pot. No, it's from one pot. You know which pot it's from. Your pot. Your pot. You see my wallet on the desk. My wallet's lighter because I had to give money to these idiots who gave it to illegals. It came from one pod and they gave it to illegals out of FEMA funds. How many times we gotta show this to you and you got the media covering for these assholes. The Democrats hate you. I'm not telling you Republicans are lovely either. That's not what I'm saying.


Don't even put words in my mouth. I'm just telling you, your problems are being caused by these assholes and they're Democrats, the majority of 'em now in the Senate and definitely in the White House. You wanna see how much they hate you. Here's David Axelrod. This guy is Obama's brain. Obama doesn't do or say anything without Acts. We had the unfortunate experience of being around this guy in a White House when I worked there. The dude is a snake. He will look. He doesn't like Biden, by the way. He can't stand him. He loves Obama. Anytime axelrod talks assume it's Obama.


These two are like Siamese twins attached at the head sharing neurons. Here he is saying the quiet part out loud. These people hate you. That all of you, real victims of this horror, North Carolina and elsewhere, hurricane Helene, the Gulf, Florida, Georgia Tennessee, South Carolina, who got wrecked by this hurricane and your government has absolutely abandoned you. Here's Axel Rod saying You know if you live in the mountains and stuff and you vote Republican, you're probably too stupid to figure out to vote. But the blue counties in North Carolina, they're really smart. Unlike you idiots. Ladies and gentlemen, listen for yourself.


You think I'm making it up. These people hate you. Check this Out. Here's my question about North Carolina. You had these killer storms, which by the way was a third big story this week. Yes, another killer storms and there's a lot of displacement in Western North Carolina in now. Asheville is a blue.in that area. I was gonna say Asheville publican voters there. Yeah. But those voters in Asheville are, they're, they're You. know the kind of voters who will figure out a way to vote. You know they're upscale kind of liberal voters and they, they're probably gonna fi figure out a way to vote. I'm not sure. A bunch of these folks who've had their homes and lives destroyed elsewhere in Western North Carolina, in the mountains, there are gonna be as easy to, to, to, to wrangle for the Trump campaign.


So Folks, let me tell you something. There's a book out there. It's not, I did not publish it. The author is since deceased. It's one of the most incredible books I ever read. I think Andrew Willow loves the book too. Someone gave it to me years ago, 10 years ago when I lived in Verna Park, Maryland. The book's called The Revolt Against the Masses by Fred Siegel. It's a deep book. I I it. It's not like casual Saturday Night Reading, but it's a book about basically why the modern liberal hates your guts and you will never, ever, ever, ever be the party of the middle class. They pretend tolerance coexistence the party of the working man.


It is all bullshit. What Axelrod said there is the epitome of what the book is about. The modern liberal despises you. They exist in their mama's basement. They wanna go work for a nonprofit later. They have zero life skills whatsoever. They took basically a a social science degree in college and and learned about 14th century Egyptians, women's rights, something that has no applicability in the modern AI environment at all. You could learn about it in 10 seconds using chat. GPT. They do. They have no skills. So they feel like because they're part they, they say all the proper shibas and all the code words to be part of this liberal aristocracy.


They wonder why they've got a deal with the great unwashed, the smelly and the Walmart. People like you. Ironically, the people that keep 'em alive, the linemen, the plumbers, the truckers, the food service workers, the people out there actually working for a living. These people hate you folks. I would read to you a line from the book, it's one of my favorites about the new liberal aristocracy, how they're convinced that they should be like the old school Europeans costumed and walking around with like bow ties and stuff because they say all the proper code words. I can't emphasize enough that these people hate you. You should play that axle rod thing on loop.


And by the way, by the way, I mean, hold on, hold on, hold on. My hydrogen water thing's so good. It just stopped. I need a, hold on. I gotta take a break a second. Standby. I don't mean to waste your time, but this is an important point. 'cause wait, is that a hint? I've been asking you to vote early. I've been begging you to vote early. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know what else it's going to take to convince you something else else is going to happen.


What did I say to you about voting early? There's gonna be a snowstorm, a rainstorm, folks, even I didn't anticipate two absolutely destructive, natural disasters like we haven't seen in modern times in Florida. If you can vote today, today, please, I am begging you because something else is in the hopper. And if you doubt me, if you doubt me, doubt is good. It keeps me frosty. I'm gonna play a little short video for you from Fox Next about something that was planned on election day.


Get your vote in now or you may never get the opportunity, please. I'm begging you. Let me take a quick break folks.


A medical tests can help reveal your body's biological age, which could show if you're aging prematurely better. Nutrition is shown to help reverse one's biological age. My hope is to live longer and healthier. I don't wanna live long and unhealthy. That's why I take field of greens. It is an organic superfood, I swear by. It's a fruit and vegetable drink unlike any other. It's serious nutrition Field of greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your bio, your body's biological age. It generally means better health. Each fruit and vegetable and field of greens was selected by their doctors to help support vital body organs. The heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and your immune system only field agrees is backed by this better health promise. Here it is. At your next physical or checkup, I bet your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. I've already showed you my blood work. I can show you again. I'm gonna be 50 in December. Join me in better health today with 15% off in free shipping. Visit BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Use promo code Dan. That's promo code dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Thank you BrickHouse. Nutrition.


Folks I promise you. I love you guys in the real heavenly otherworldly sense of the word love and I feel like a bond with you. I talk to you, we chat with each other. I read your Facebook, your true social, your Twitter messages. There isn't a host out there, has a better relationship. There is posts out there of is good, but no one better. I love you guys. When I beg you to do something, beg you. I'm not running for office. I'm not asking you the vote for me. I'm not running. I will not be running. I'm asking you to go and vote for you, not for me because you may not be able to vote on election day. Dan, don't scare people, don't scare people. I'm not scaring anyone. The Department of Homeland Security has already put out a memo saying that there could be DDOS internet attacks on election day.


Why would they be saying that they're either lying to cover up what some internal actor's doing, which means vote early because they're doing it or they're not lying and someone's going to shut down some polling location or attack it somewhere and you should still vote early. This has already happened in Maricopa. There have been floods that have broken out in Georgia. This has already happened. Election day issues. What other evidence could you possibly need? Now let me pile one more on you folks. This seems awfully coincidental. 20 days out. Here's a Fox News report from Brett Bear about a planned terror attack on election day. Are there more out there?


Was this guy part of a cell? Oh, and conveniently this Afghani, who's the alleged terrorist in this case, looking for an election day attack was led in the country on a special visa after the fall of Afghanistan under Biden Harris. Nothing to see here, folks. Check this out. Breaking tonight the FBI says, it has foiled a terror plot set to take place inside the US on election day. A criminal complaint just unsealed within the last 30 minutes says 27-year-old Nasser ti conspired with ISIS and obtained firearms and ammunition to conduct that attack in the name of the terrorist organization.


isis, the Justice Department, says he took steps to move his family overseas and acquire machine guns and ammunition. FBI Director Chris Ray says tonight, quote, this defendant motivated by ISIS allegedly conspired to commit a violent attack on election day. Here in our homeland, terrorism is still the FBI's number one priority and we will use every resource to protect the American people. Folks, how many more of these are out there? I I'm just passing you the news man. I'm just passing you the news. Please get out and vote early if they're going to cheat. They are not. It does.


They're going to cheat anyway. You can bank your vote and you can at least check it. I can't ask you this enough. Me, Donald Trump, Laura Trump, Scott Presler, you've got Charlie Kirk and others. People who have lived this movement for decades now are asking you to vote early. Why would we be doing this for any other reason? Please? Because you're running against this folks. They treat their fellow liberals like morons. Kamala Harris was on the view yesterday and they treat their fellow liberals like morons. And the morons will run this place and it'll be two wolves and a sheep deciding what's for dinner folks.


Every single right you have will be up for the taking. If we lose a selection. The only question is who's gonna be investigated and when and how much jail time we're gonna be looking at. These people are dangerous. Here she is on the view today. You are all being played. Any of you suckers out there, watch my show. Who bizarrely may be considering Kamala Harris as the change agent. She's telling you the same shit is gonna happen. Inflation problems under Biden, economic problems, job market problems, border problems, public safety problems. She's global chaos. She's telling you nothing is going to change. You don't have to listen to me. It's not a conspiracy theory.


Listen to her. She brings her own receipts. All I've gotta do is play her own clips. Listen to this. Well, If, if anything, what you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years. There is done a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. I don't know if that's an actual Donald Trump ad and wokeness put that up. It should be. Nothing is gonna change folks. As Justin just said, she keeps saying she's gonna turn the page from what every single time she's asked, what would you do differently than the your pre your, your, your, your president now that you sit in his administration, she says nothing.


What do you think is gonna change? If you were a young man or woman out there? What do you think is gonna change? What's gonna change? Even if you're a young woman out there, listen to me. Who's voting for Kamala Harris? Because you heard like girl power or some bullshit and you're voting on the abortion issue. I'm not gonna spin your wheels. I am pro-life from conception to natural death folks, to my chagrin, Donald Trump doesn't have that position right now, at least when it comes to legislation, what his personal position is. I I don't really know. That's not his position. His position is Roe v Wade's been overturned. The states have it right now and the states are gonna vote.


Other states are gonna vote. If you live in California, nothing changes for you. Frankly, I wish it did. It's not you are voting on a non-issue. Not that it's not an issue, but it's not a legislative one and it's not a priority for this guy. Again, I'm, I'm just telling you the truth. You are voting for shitty jobs in open border, global chaos and more inflation, more debt in government bankruptcy for an issue that you are not even gonna be impacted by. It's really stunning how they treat their voters like absolute morons.


Morons. This woman is telling you nothing is going to change. How many times is she gonna be asked this question and give the same answer before you wake up and the media are playing you for suckers too. Folks, I told you not to take a victory lap over 60 minutes. 60 minutes is a bullshit tabloid network where Sir works over there, they help steal the last election. It is a scam network. Hot tip. The great Maze Moore who discovered this little gem, as it turns out, 60 minutes appears to have significantly edited her interview with Kamala Harris because her answers were what they always are.


Neologisms made up words, word salads. So CBS had to edit it. I want you to listen to this Kat tip Maes, you found this M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E on X. Great follow, great follow. I want you to listen to the answers and you're gonna notice something. Really. This is a major scandal brewing at tabloid 60 minutes well beyond sir and the other stuff, folks, the answer isn't even close to the original answer. Chat folks in the chat. What am I saying here? Did they take an answer to a different question and insert it into her original answer to make it appear different?


Or what else? What else anybody else? Did they recut the interview? Did Kamala Harris's people come in and say that was a bad answer? We wanna recut that. Folks, this is a huge scandal. Listen to the two side by side. They're not even close. You tell me, check this out. But It seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. Well, bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region.


But it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. We are not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. There's no jump cuts or anything. There must be a Justin just said. It doesn't appear to be a jump cut. By the way, did I not tell you Maize Moore all over that? All over that. You hear the original answer first a jumbled word salad mess all over the map. Just like Kamala Harris always does. She has no ability to extemporaneously answer a question on her feet because she can't.


She is an buil. I'm leaning towards the latter that her people broke into the interview and said, bill, bill, bill, we need to record that over again. That didn't come out right. And then hand her A script and then hand it her. Here's your talking points or something folks. This is a monster scandal. CBS is 60 minutes interfering in a another election. Now you see why Donald Trump is smart never to go on with these communist ad prop. Propagandist tabloid losers is an insult to tabloids.


At least tabloids people are in on the joke. I will bet you she recut that answer. What a scam that is journalistic heresy. What you just witnessed right there. Oh, I'm not done. I'll show you how he, how Whitaker again, this dreadful 60 minutes interview. Totally. Lets tampon Tim off the hook too. They are in full blown coverup mode. Folks on tomorrow's show, I'm already prepping tomorrow's show Because of the cycle, their internal polls for Kamala Harris have got to be devastating right now.


Quick break back to the show podcast today sponsored by MD Hearing millions of Americans adults over over the age of 65, they start to lose their hearing. I'm actually starting to lose mine too. MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearings Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know it's there. Plus MD hearing just launched the Neo XS MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever MD hearing recently cut their price in half means you can get their high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297. A pair MD hearing is sold over 1.9 million hearing aids. My family loves 'em by the way. Multiple family e it's offer a 45 day risk free trial with a hundred percent money back guarantee. They were just selected to be the hearing aid supplier. For top Medicare Advantage plans this holiday season, get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com. Use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case of $100 value. Just for listeners of the Dan Bongino Show, that's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Thank you MD hearing


and our last sponsor for today. MyPillow. Hey, a big retail store just canceled a huge order of MyPillow products. A ton of extra my pillows laying around so You know what you win. 'cause for the first time ever you'll get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices. I sleep on 'em. Love them. Only 1488 but it gets even better for limited time. They're gonna offer their entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get a queen size MyPillow for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar more. Get the whole bo, get the body pillows for 29 88. Multi-Use my pillows for only 9 88. So go to mypillow.com. Use promo code Dan or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 to take advantage of wholesale pricing. For the first time ever, receive a free shipping on orders over $75. That's right. Get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. They've never offered this low before. There are limited quantities at this price, so the limit's gonna be 10 and once they're gone, they're gone. So go to mypillow.com we're call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan once again mypillow.com or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan to get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest price ever. Thanks MyPillow.


Back to the show folks. 60 minutes is an abomination. It's an atrocity to humankind, at least with Pravda and the Soviet Union. As I said, everybody was in than they were being played and they knew to adjust accordingly. Shockingly, there are still people out there who treat this entity like a journalistic enterprise, which is the biggest joke in American media. It's a huge scam. I want you to Watch this quick clip to show you how bad the backup plan is When comrade communist Kamala Harris folds it would when she drops out. Eventually at some point this guy's gonna wind up being president or run for president if they, God forbid, were to win tampon. Tim Walls. Watch how Whitaker just lets him off the hook here.


He says something at the end of this so ridiculous that any journalist should have nailed him to the wall and let him go. Bill Whitaker asked him about all his lying stolen valor. He was in Tianmen Square their the way they had their child. The guy just cannot stop lying. And he says at the end, I think I can be trusted. Oh, you think you're a heartbeat away from the nuclear codes. It's no time to think. Listen to this. In your debate with JD Vance, you said, I'm a knucklehead at times and I think you were referring to the time that you said that you were in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen Square unrest when you were not.


Yeah. Is that kind of misrepresentation? Isn't that more than just being a knucklehead I? Think folks know who I am and I think they know the difference between someone expressing motion, telling a story, getting a date wrong by a You know rather than a pathological liar like Donald Trump. But I think it comes down to the question of whether, whether you can be trusted to tell the truth. Yeah, well I can. I think I can. I will own up to being a knucklehead at times. But the folks closest to me know that I keep my word. I think I can. I think I can be I.


Think I can I think what is this guy giving himself a freaking motivational speech? He's trying to be vice president of the United States. He's a heartbeat away from being able to launch nuclear annihilation and he thinks he can be trusted. And you notice how Whitaker lets him off the hook. This was such an easy opening. What do you mean you think you can? Folks, the media are partners in playing you in this massive coverup going on of the extreme fallibility of the Biden Harris tampon Tim agenda. This is a destructive agenda. That'll be the end of civil liberties in this country as we know it. If we lose, there he is.


Tampon Tim, make an appearance holding the tampon like Zeus with a lightning boat. The hero of the tampon. Give him a little slider. I love how he does that. He You know how he zips across the side. Look at him, look at him. Wait his jazz hands. We gotta do a tampon Tim Jazz hands thing. We do that too. He does the, you ever had the jazz hands? We need tampon, Tim, jazz hands emoji. Folks, the media are partaking in this. You can expect the rhetoric to get even in more insane as we close in. We're only folks, we're three weeks away from election day. It is right here. It is right now. The pressure is on. Listen to me, I'm gonna play some more stuff for you on tomorrow's show.


The internal polls on Kamala Harris's campaign are insanely bad folks. They are afraid that they're getting close in New Mexico and Minnesota. The Trump team, this is not an excuse not to execute. They're gonna cheat. They're gonna cheat. I'm telling you as your friend, your homie here, they are freaking out. That is why they need their media people to double down. The problem they're having is the worst weapon for the Kamala Harris campaign. On the Harris campaign is Kamala Harris. Every time she goes in public, she humiliates and embarrasses herself. So they don't know what to do.


Here's gonna be the backup plan. Mark my words ladies and gentlemen. They are going to double down now on the democracy is in danger stuff. This is their fallback. It is not some bold prediction. They do it every time. And you are gonna start to see more of this. I want you to watch CNN just stand by as this insane lunatic Democrat on their panel starts making the Trump Hitler comparisons about a guy who was shot in the head and nearly assassinated just a few weeks later by yet another assassin. And they are still doing it. They don't care. They want this guy dead. They want Trump gone. Listen to me. They want you gone. And if we lose, it's only a matter of time before all of us are under investigation too by these absolute lunatics.


Check this out. Yeah, we have long known that Donald Trump has revered the Nazis. He has revered Hitler. He's read his book. He used to say he had it on his nightstand. Donald Trump has had a very sinister philosophy wanting to be a dictator, absolutely dividing people up based on who they are, based on factors about them that have to do with their race in their gender, et cetera. And when he uses language like this, I don't think that it's a Freudian slip. I think that the danger of a Donald Trump is that he would absolutely try to exterminate an entire group of people because he thinks that their genes are somehow different than his and faulty.


And I say this with all the sternness that you hear in my voice because it is serious. And Americans should recognize that Justin's already seen this and I I probably three or four times. And I don't know if it just hit you, but Justin's sitting there like, wait, what is she just folks, do you understand? This passes for normal campaigning on the left. Hitler analogies to Trump. He reveres the Nazi. Are you fucking insane? Were you smoking crack before that segment? You know Wolf of Wall Street was on Showtime I think last night and I was flipping through the channels and there's that seed where Leo DiCaprio and the the fat dude are smoking crack like in the back of a restaurant.


Like was someone doing drugs before that segment that you let this go on the air, folks, this is the only thing they have. Do you understand? They are trying to frighten people into voting for someone who's going to destroy their lives here. I've got another one for you. Here's John Hyman, a douche bag of the absolute highest order. If there's a one to 10 douche bag count of douche bag units like You know. Oh this is hilarious. If you, I take nattokinase here. nato, I do take nato. I'm not gonna sponsor anything there, but it comes Infu. No, no really fu you see that? What does that say?


Like unit something units like Fu You know. So you figure there's gotta be a bunch of douche canoe fu. This guy's a 10, here he is on M-S-N-B-C laying out the argument here. Wait for it that. Now keep in mind Trump is Hitler, so obviously it's gonna incentivize people to want to kill him because they want him dead. And if you recognize it like we did, this is their argument. If you dare acknowledge that us crazy leftists are probably getting Trump killed by comparing 'em to Hitler. You were actually inciting violence by recognizing the fact that we're inciting violence. If you are pulling your hair out, are you shitting me?


This Actually, listen to this number 10 FUD canoe on M-S-N-B-C Make an argument, only a moron and his mama would understand. Check this out. It's pretty dangerous. Joe. Joe I, I, don't I? I I struggle for Su for the right superlatives. You know this has been coming for a while, right? It's not, this is not the first time that Donald Trump, he, he maybe was more direct about it this weekend than he's ever been himself. JD Vance and others in his orbit have been advancing this claim now for, well really since, since since the assassination attempt Butler when I mean it was within, within a few hours of the, of the shot being taken at him, of him being hit in the ear that the rhetoric started.


And if you went back and looked at what JD Vanson, what others on Twitter and in some television interviews were saying literally that day, that was where the the the virus, the mind virus first germinated, I suppose you'd say in the MAGA lab. You believe this piece of shit. Again, someone, a face only as mama could love. The argument there, just to be clear, is we are going to I just played for you a clip of a woman making references to Donald Trump liking Nazis and Hitler. I just played it man. Which would incentivize a psycho on the left of which there were many to shoot him in the head.


Oh good, that actually happened. And another guy to try to shoot him in the head. Oh, that actually happened too. And douche bag howman by the way, a chump and a loser and a Ws bag who I I swear to you doesn't have a single life skill other than saying dumb shit on tv goes on M-S-N-B-C and says, oh, the guy who was shot in the head and almost assassinated again that our people are alluding to is Hitler. If you crazy conservatives recognize that you were definitely inciting violence. John Heman, you're a piece of shit. You've always been one. You're garbage filth. And I'll tell you what, when I, if I see in person, come up to me and I'll tell you right to your face what I told you. Here you are a piece of garbage.


You've always been a piece of garbage. Unlike you. I actually believe in non-violence and I'm happy to tell you what a piece of garbage you are because you're filth. You are absolute filth. It's people like you who are getting people hurt. I don't recommend. Matter of fact, yesterday, I I I I threw the Esei sign and was mad at myself because I so don't like even like the implication that violence is an acceptable thing. I hate it. I hate it. We consistently call out people for violent stuff. We've had to dump people from us for saying shit like that because we don't believe it. It's you assholes who do that.


I'm so sick of these people folks. This is all they have. They have lost every single argument. The economic one, the public safety one, the global chaos argument, international affairs, the inflation argument. So what do they go back to? They go back to threat to democracy. You can see it in this next clip. I want you to Watch this exchange between Kristen Welker again, I knew her a while ago. She pretended to be sane. She has completely lost her mind is now all in with leftist communist bullshit. Here she is with Tom Cotton on a very interesting question. They keep going back to, do you believe Joe Biden won the 2020 election?


Guys, I don't know why Republican lawmakers have a problem with this question. You were allowed to have an opinion. Do you understand that? I'm not knocking this guy. I'm just saying why is everybody so afraid of this question? Justin, ask me who I believe won the 2020 election? Who won the 2020 election? I believe it was Trump. I can't prove it 'cause I can't prove it. Counterfactual folks, I taught logically can't prove it. 'cause I can't tell you what would've happened in a fair election because we didn't have a fair election. You get the point. I can't tell you what would've happened if we implemented a tax cut, if we don't implement the tax cut because it didn't happen. So I can't tell you definitively you're asking me my opinion.


Trump won. How do you prove it? You can't. How can I prove it? I can't prove it because it wasn't a fair election. If it was a fair election, I'd be able to prove it. It wasn't I can see that lines already. Good I I. Love these. This is not a hard question. I have evidence it wasn't a fair election. The interference on the Hunter Biden laptop story and the polls afterwards. The Pennsylvania debacle with the dated ballots. The evidence is everywhere that this was not a fair election. The use of mail-in ballots for the first time when the New York Times itself in 2012 wrote an article about fraud and rejection rates on the rise. Look up the article yourself. It's written by Adam Lepak with mail-in ballots.


It's right there. I have actual evidence that my opinion may be valid. You have none. Why is this a hard question to answer? Kamala You. know what? Let's play it in reverse. Let's do it in reverse. Justin, play the Breakfast Club first. You notice no one in the media's asking Kamala Harris why she did an interview with the Breakfast Club, a really popular show, podcast, I think radio show too years ago. And when the host appears to reply that Trump is an illegitimate president, Kamala Harris totally agrees. Why aren't they asking her that? She has an opinion. Why is it hard to answer this question on our side?


Check this out. Elections matter. When you win an election, you get to set the rules. How can you win with Russian interference though? That's a real thing. That's what I'm scared about in 2020, but rightly, right? Because I think he's an illegitimate president that didn't really win. So how do you You know, fight against that in 2020? You are Absolutely right. So again, as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I will tell you that we should believe exactly what the intelligence community has told us, which is Russia did interfere in the election of the President of the United States in 2016. Folks, we always bring receipts, man. We always bring the receipts. We're like the supermarket receipts every time.


Receipts, every time. Oh look, the Adam Lip Tack article. Thanks fellas. New York Times October 6th, 2012. Everybody pause. Pause right now. I'm, I'm serious. Please pause what you're doing now. Don't pause the show. Pause what you're doing unless you're driving carrying weapons, sharp objects or a small child. Pause. Pick up your phone, folks. The Bonino army. I never issue orders. I'm sorry, we gotta put, pull up this article. It's right there on the screen. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, here it is, I'll read it. Slow error and fraud at issue. As absentee voting rises New York Times, Adam Liptak 2012 quote, yet votes cast by mail are less likely to be counted, more likely to be compromised and more likely to be contested than those cast in a voting booth.


Statistics show to New York Times. So the New York Times is telling. And by the way, when I tell you to vote, early I mean go and vote. A couple people are confused. I love when people put on Twitter things. I never said Dan said mail in your vote. I did not say that. If it's your only option, then yes, I'd rather you mail in your vote than not vote. If you can't vote, if you can go and vote in person, go and vote in person. I did not say, do not ever put words in my mouth. That is not ever what I said. Go vote early. Does not mean vote by mail. If you have to vote by mail, then vote by mail. My daughter has to vote by mail. Well, she's not here. Well, how else is she gonna vote? Starship doesnt have a choice. I'd rather you vote by mail than not vote.


But you need to vote in person. Early I can prove to you that there is a lot of evidence that a mass mail-in ballot election has a lot of fraud using the New York Times' own article. Yet again, struggling with this question, the left wing media loves because they love this war on democracy bullshit. Did Joe Biden win the 2020 election? Here's your answer. He's yes, he's the president in that he won air quotes the election. You're asking me who I think won, not Joe Biden, Donald Trump. And that's my opinion. And I have evidence to back it up. You want to hear it? Make the case.


Make the case. Stop running from the question. Check this out. Different I wanna talk about one of the big moments this week from the vice presidential debate? We just played it in the open. When Senator JD Vance refused to say that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election. I wanna put this question to you, Senator, just to to rest. Can you say definitively here and now that Donald Trump did lose the 2020 election? I don't, I don't understand. I don't understand why we just can't lay out the evidence that we have a different opinion. Yes, we're stuck with Joe Biden. It's almost over. We've been stuck with this loser for almost four years, obviously the past.


We can't change it. We can't change it. You are allowed to have an opinion, folks. I know. I'm not saying any I, I, I, I. This is not directed at you. So please forgive me for sounding You know pseudo professorial. That's not how this is meant to sound. I know. You guys get it. You are allowed an opinion. The 2020 election was stolen from us and the evidence is everywhere. If your liberal friends want to hear it, tell 'em if they don't tell 'em to shut the 'cause. They didn't ask you a question. They made an assertion. And when asked for evidence to back up, did you ask them for this? Was the freest and fairest election? Prove it. Show me some evidence. Show me some evidence.


Oh, the media said, the media said, that's funny. That's funny. The same media told us as a PP tape or that Hunter Biden's laptop was Vladimir Putin's. That one. Folks, here's the good news. And I do mean good news. I'm wearing, is it bad enough yet? I have various iterations of the shirt. Red, black, gray, different color lettering. If you want one store, do on gino.com up to you. We are not, I'm not a clothing salesman. This isn't like FUBU or stuff, but I know you guys like the shirts. My cousin wants one. So is it bad enough yet? I'm gonna tell you for the first time in a while, maybe there's a big change.


It's like cook political report changing from toss up to LEAN. I'm serious. Maybe I'm not at, yes, I'm not even at, so there's different degrees. Michael, write this down. There's, is it bad enough yet? No, there's an upgrade. Is is it bad enough yet? Maybe and then we could progress to I think so. And then is it bad enough yet? Yes. Is the peak level of bad? We're definitely not at, yes. I don't think we're at. I think so. We're at. Maybe it could be you. I maybe Justin agrees I'm not. I'm not ready to take any plunges yet. Well, after the election, we'll obviously have more information.


Is it bad enough yet that people start to open their eyes like they did in New York and in the Ronald Reagan landslide and they're like, I'm sick of Democrat bullshit. Now because this is not a liberal show, again, we're like the supermarket. You always get a receipt. Folks, Philadelphia has been one of the most reliable blocks of Democrat voters anywhere in the country for seriously close to 50 years. Fox News, Blue, Philly working class voters start leaning toward Trump ahead of election. Quote. People actually love him.


I don't want anyone to get ahead of their selves. Red Wave Talk will get you psychologically banned from my show forever. I'm just telling you in a bit of good news, I am 100% sure that something is going on here. And you could be witnessing a generational shift in working class voters. Here's another Twitter account I strongly recommend you follow. Throw it up on the screen. It's at Poll Market. This is people putting their own money on the race. I don't give a shit about pollsters. I care about people on the ground who are sensing things and are willing to put their own skin in the game.


They have. Trump's lead in the poly market thing is up to 8.6% today. It's as biggest lead since Kamala Harris enters the race. Don't get ahead of yourself, don't get too excited about things. I'm just telling you, I'm feeling something different in this election. It's real. And I am begging you to go if there is early voting in your state. Go today, today. Vote in person. Check your vote two or three times. You can go to the website. It'll say you voted. It doesn't say for who. Obviously, go and vote early. Do not wait. Terror Attacks. DDOS Attacks, weather events.


This is already, this is already happening. Vote today, not tomorrow, today. And we can take our country back. I will be on the radio today. We are in the Hurricane A zone on the East coast here. So just folks, I deeply appreciate your patience. Another big crowd today down a little bit, which I assume as a lot of people watching the weather and I totally understand. Thanks for everything as always. Prayers for strength. They're always appreciated. For everyone in Florida, North Carolina, Tennessee, South Carolina, Georgia, and elsewhere and in the Gulf, we really appreciate it. Please download the Rumble app. Rumbles had an explosive month. It is free. And if you would just click that subscribe button, the follow button, we would so deeply appreciate it.


It is free. Or if you wanna watch on the web every day at 11:00 AM live, it's at Rumble dot com slash bonino. And if you wouldn't mind, go to the Apple Podcast app, search the Dan Bongino Show, click Follow, and Spotify. It means a lot to us. See you on the radio here in a little bit. And back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.