
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, I'm growing increasingly concerned as we close in and I mean now really close in like the bullpens warming up on election night. We're now less than two weeks away. And folks, I can't say it enough, the Kamala collapse is real. It's not a conservative media phenomenon. It's not, the collapse is real. It's genuine. You're sensing the panic. I'll play you some clips from left wing media outlets. They're starting to sense that this thing could be ugly. Here's why I am concerned, and this is what I'm gonna get to in the beginning of the show, and I'm gonna make a few really interesting points.


A friend of mine called me about this one thing I said the other day, and I guess it deeply impacted 'em, but we snuck up on them in 2016. They had absolutely no idea that we were gonna pull that out. So they weren't prepared, they weren't legally prepared to file Lawfare cases against the election. They weren't prepared with media narratives. They just had already assumed the game was over. It was 45, nothing in the fourth quarter. They thought they weren't prepared. You know, the tr the the, the Super Bowl trophy was already in the locker room. They're ready now. And Kamala Harris is already hinting at a strategy they're going to use. And I'm telling you, you heard it here first, but you better get ready for it too.


Hey, Bonino listeners get access to Beam Cyber Sale before anyone else. Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's biggest sale.


And as I said, I'm gonna ask you a critical question. If you're still undecided, it's important going forward.


Hey, using the internet without express VPNs like walking your dog in public without securing them on a leash, most of the time you'll probably be fine, but what if one day your dog runs away or gets dog naed? Listen, you gotta be careful, especially when it's as simple as using Express VPM. Every time you connect to an unencrypted network in cafes, hotels, airports, et cetera, your online data's not secured. Any hacker on that network can gain access to and steal your personal data. But Express VPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet so they can, it'll take a hacker with a supercomputer over a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption. ExpressVPN works on all your devices, phones, laptops, tablets, even on your smart tv. And it's really easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to get protected. I use ExpressVPN because it's nobody's business when anybody's doing online, especially me, I don't want the government watching us. Okay? Get an extra three months of ExpressVPN free at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


Alright fellas, let's go. I just wanna reiterate this one last time. If you were an undecided voter out there, or if you know, if you know, 'cause you're not undecided, an undecided voter out there, please pitch them this one simple question that may change their mind. It's not what you want right now. If you're undecided, it's clear. You don't want either. I don't know why people wouldn't want Donald Trump over Kamala Harris after these three and three quarters years of horror. I don't know. I can't get in their heads. I don't understand it. You probably don't understand it either. It's not my business to understand it at this point. Okay? I've tried for three and a half years to convince you, stop asking them what they want. Ask 'em what they can live without. I told you, this happened to me when they separated the SWAT team from the president's detail, and you had to pick one or the other.


You should be able to do both. I was pissed. I wanted to do both, but I couldn't. the world sucks. It's not fair sometimes. So my boss said to me, stop asking yourself what you want. 'cause you can't, you want 'em both. You don't like the decisions. Ask yourself what you can live without. Can you live without inflation? Can you live without an open border? Can you live without global chaos? Because if you can ask yourself that question and honestly answer it, there is only one choice in the election. And it's obviously Donald J. Trump because it's the only candidate you elected where you did live without that stuff. I only bring that up because someone called my wife yesterday, a friend, and he brought up, he was on speaker phone, he was talking to Paul and he brought up that that had impacted him pretty deeply.


I hope it helps folks. This Kamala collapse is real and bottom line up front, you know, I hate teases folks. If this thing, if, if this thing, what are you laughing at? If this thing is a blowout on election night, I'm not telling you that's gonna happen. Don't get excited, execute, execute, execute. 10 people vote early in person. Have I mentioned that before?


If this thing's a blowout on election night, folks, they're absolutely not gonna concede. Here's a couple things I want you to watch. I hope you're gonna spend election night with us here at Rumble. We'll be starting at 7:00 PM Eastern time. There won't be a day podcast that day. Obviously there'll be a radio show, but we'll be in basically all night. Folks, if you see a state like say in New Jersey that Donald Trump's, I'm not gonna win. That's that'd be highly, highly, I I'm not telling you it's impossible, I'm just telling you I doubt it. But if you see a state like New Jersey and it looks like Donald Trump is only down about six and as five or six points.


And then you see, say a Virginia where he's maybe winning or down one or two, and then you see Georgia called early, say Donald Trump is up five points. And you, you might say, well Dan, they're already saying they're gonna delay the voting count or whatever. Folks, they have exit polls. I've explained this for the last three days. Every media outlet on planet Earth will be sitting outside select poll locations in swing counties asking anyone they can get their hold of who leaves who'd you vote for? Trust me. If it's a four five point win in Pennsylvania or Georgia, some media outlet's gonna call it early. If you see a Virginia close, a New Jersey, five or six points. If you, if, if you see a big Georgia win, if you see a huge Florida win, say Florida closes Florida, say he's up six seven in Florida.


You see Michigan's looking tight folks, the race is going, they know it's gonna be over the Democrats, they know it. They know there's not enough electoral college ground to be made up. Especially if in swing states and blue leaning states, Donald Trump is overperforming 2020 and 2016. There are very, very accurate spreadsheets they can put together these media outlets where they'll generally have a good idea if it's a blowout, not if it's closed, that this is gonna be an early night. I'm telling you right now, Kamala Harris's team will absolutely not concede this thing. There is zero chance folks, they are gonna go to court and they are gonna try to steal this thing again.


She's already planting the seeds. I'm gonna, folks, we, why are we the supermarket? Why are we l super mercado? Because we bring receipts. What's receipts in Spanish? Sibos. Do you speak Spanish? Re I think it's receipt receipts. Babes Receipts receipts. Listen to Kamala Harris already planting the seeds that they are not gonna concede this thing. Ladies and gentlemen, no matter what Trump could win 49 states and they're going to, they're gonna make up some bizarre reason. And here's what they're gonna say. Hey Jim, flag this. Right? Flags in the chat right now. Flags. Flags. I wanna see flags everywhere.


Every single person flags in the chat. They're gonna say, we gotta count every vote. We gotta count every vote we got. No, you, you, you don't I mean you will count every vote. 'cause you have to count every vote. But counting every vote means nothing for the election outcome. If you need a hundred thousand votes to win and there's only 25,000 outstanding votes, yes, count them. Of course everybody's voice should be heard, but it is no relation to the outcome whatsoever. Listen to Kamala Harris already watering the chia Pet. They are. Did we break in already? Nice. Good. We wanted to break the chat. That was actually, we were gonna write the at 1150, I'm sorry, but we're testing everything before election night.


So Chris, remember wanted me to break the chat so you did it early. Good job. Alright, here we go. Listen to Kamala Harris watering the chia pet right now that they are not gonna concede this thing. Check this out. How, what do you expect on election day to get the results on the same night, maybe two days later, a week later? What are your expectations? Well, I hope to get the results that night, but that may or may not happen. I, and last time it took, it took more than obviously one night. Folks, she's not saying this by accident, ladies and gentlemen. Fascist socialists and tyrants never slip up. Sometimes they say the quiet part out loud, but everything they say, they say on purpose.


They may wish they can change the wording, but the fact that they said it is not an accident, they are planting the seed right here. The media floats trial balloons for them and they wanna see what these trial balloons, what kind of feedback they're gonna get back from their own side. If their own side would do the right thing and say, Hey listen, we just criticized Republicans for being election deniers. We're gonna look like hypocrites even though we had a legitimate case, if we just fabricate a case that the election was stolen. Do you think they care? The answer is no double barrel middle finger to you. They don't care. Here's the media trial balloon receipts incoming.


Yet again, Kamala says it, oh look, all of a sudden in Axios this morning a communist, a political playbook knockoff, right? Do you think this is an accident that the exact same message is in Axios this morning? I'm sure it's just a little bit of an accident. It is not. Axios am post-election Zen. They know it's likely the election winner won't be known the night of November 5th. Oh really? How do they know that? Because I'm telling you right now, if these polls are even close to accurate, oh, we'll know not Biden, November 5th, they know it may not even be clear the morning after or the day after here.


Look at this. But that doesn't mean the eventual results were rigged to manipulate or wrong. Van der High and Allen right behind the curtain column. You see what they're getting at here? They're getting at the, leave this up. I'm gonna read the rest of it. This is super important. They're getting at, if Kamala Harris challenges this thing and says, Hey listen, there are still votes outstanding. And Republicans go, Hey man, this is, you're trying to rig this thing. You're saying, you know, there are votes outstanding. There's only 25 outstanding votes, 25,000, she's down by a hundred thousand. It doesn't matter what's outstanding. You see what they're doing? No, no, no. Every vote's gotta be counted. They know why it matters. Sluggish vote counts could fuel distrust in the election. Spark protests and paralyzed governance.


Both parties are preparing to challenge the ballots. You talk about raising the possibility of prolonged court fights. Yes, that is absolutely going to happen. Is there more to that? I think I could put in one more sentence on that. That's, I thought it was Cut off. Sorry. Oh no it wasn't. That's all right folks. They are going to litigate this thing to death. I'm telling you, if, if she loses 49 states, they are preparing right now, right now to steal this thing. Now that, let me, I got the bad news outta the way. The good news is this, I don't even know if I should say the good news because I don't want to, this is an unlikely outcome, but I'd be remiss if I didn't put it out there.


Folks, the media dislikes Kamala Harris so much. They do. They piled on her when she was vice president. It's not because they, they love her left wing ideology. They just think she's a terrible candidate. They don't like her the way we don't like Mitt Romney. I mean we're conservatives. Just because Mitt Romney ran as a Republican doesn't mean we like him. Correct? The media has the same problem. They're communists. It doesn't mean they like every communist, you get it. They don't like Kamala the same way. We don't like Romney. We just think they suck. And they're just not good at getting our values across the finish line. They don't like Kamala. So the good news is this, if it is bad, the say the exit polling is brutal.


Say we're up in Georgia, three, four points outstanding votes don't really matter. Say in Pennsylvania, it goes downhill quick. In Virginia, like I said, it's one two points in Jersey it's five, six, even like seven points closer than it should have been in a state that's gone blue like for eons since what? George HW Bush or something like that, right? The media may decide this isn't worth the fight. And I'm not telling you it's because of don't pile on me in the chat. What are you saying the media's gonna do? No, I love you guys in the chat. I'm just saying they may realize it's a fate of complete and they may say to themselves, listen, we gotta move on and save the house and the Senate.


We gotta get rid of this. She's just gonna embarrass the party and we're gonna wind up losing in court and it's gonna be even worse. Low probability that happens, but it's not zero. So folks, the problem they're having right now, and while everyone is getting ready to politically throw Kamala Harris overboard, they, she, the com the campaign is a total train wreck. They cannot answer a single question about what Kamala Harris actually stands for. I'm gonna give you the, I usually do this in reverse. Kamala Harris did a CNN town hall last night. An abomination to humankind probably cost her a point nationally in the polls.


I think it's gonna, it was so bad that even the lefties on CNN on CNN where it was hosted we're like, this is bad news. I'm gonna play David Axelrod on this in a minute. And the reason I'm playing axelrod is imagine when Axelrod talks. I know this from experience. This is Obama talking. This is Obama's puppet master. If Obama had a puppet master, it's this guy. He listens to this guy like no one else. When Axelrod talks, he doesn't say anything without Obama and them speaking li you know, with like, with like the Borg with a hive mind. Okay, here's Axelrod on Kamala Harris's performance last night on the town hall. She was supposed to pitch herself to America last night and she just reaffirmed the preexisting political narrative that she has no idea what she's talking about and speaks in word salad.


Check this out. When She doesn't want to answer a question, her habit is to kind of go to World Word salad city. And she did that on a couple of answers. One was on Israel Anderson asked a direct question, would you be stronger on Israel than Trump? And there was a seven minute answer, but none, none of it related to the question he was asking Folks. This is, she's trying to, she's trying to rescue her campaign. But the problem is she doesn't have the toolkit to do it. You know, I I reiterate messages a lot on the show because I, when I was a, an instructor and you have to go to, they have these train the trainer things and usually they're lame.


But one of 'em was tell people what you're gonna tell 'em. Tell 'em and then tell 'em what you told them. And one of the things I keep telling you is if you, you, you're never gonna understand campaigns if you don't understand like this set of golden rules. I have, you know, snapshots and soundbites, contrast, you know, all those. But the other one is, if you are not the most effective weapon for your campaign and they are hiding the candidate, there is a 90% chance you're gonna lose. Not a hundred percent, 90% chance. You always got the Eddie Murphy Distinguished Gentleman case, right? Where someone shows up and like runs on their dad's last name. Look at Bob Casey in Pennsylvania. Perfect example. A guy running for Senate who has never done a damn thing in his entire career running against an accomplished guy at Dave McCormick.


Casey has never done shit. He's running on his dad's name once in a while. It works 90% of the time. It doesn't. You have to be the candidate. As the candidate, the best weapon. You have to be the one at fundraisers. Everybody should be paying to see you. No one wants to pay to see the chief of staff people go to a Donald Trump fundraiser. Imagine you pay, I don't know, $5,000 for a VIP ticket to a Donald Trump fundraiser. And gee shows up. I mean I love, gee, I love Michael. They're great guys. But let's be honest, no one's paying $5,000 to see them or me. No. Do you wanna see Trump? Imagine all that Dan Bonino is here. I'm sure the Bonino Army me would be like, okay, cool, but I, I paid to see Trump, not him.


I can watch him on the podcast. What's that? Talk about Star Wars does that. G's like GE said, I'll tell you, if you wanna talk about Star Wars, he's your guy. You wanted someone to do your math homework. Ask Michael. He's a smart math major, but he's not running for president. Kamala Harris cannot save herself, folks, nobody wants to see her. Nobody cares about her. Every time she opens her mouth, she says something stupid. She, and the thing is, the political narratives surrounding her are all true. Here she is. Last night, given an answer in the CNN town hall, I'm not gonna play a lot of it because it was just typical Kamala Harris word salad bullshit. But here she is giving one of the worst answers I ever seen claiming like her superpower.


Here she tries to reframe a question, is that she studies too much Kamala Harris as a reputation for being lazy and not doing her homework. Don't ask me, ask the staffers who quit and leaked it to the media. I don't know Kamala Harris' study habits, I don't know her. Here, watch this. And then receipts incoming afterwards, check this out. So I may not be quick to have the answer as soon as you ask it about a specific policy issue sometimes, because I'm gonna wanna research it, I'm gonna wanna study it. I'm kind of a nerd sometimes. so I confess Folks, she, someone in a focus group again told her, you have a reputation for being unprepared, for being lazy and for not doing your homework.


So if you get the opportunity, try and reframe a question and tell everyone how smart you are and land that plane that you're kind of a nerd. The problem is you've gotta back that up. You've gotta give an timeout. Got the perfect answer for you. I'm way too into today's show. The kid's gotta calm down. Who's the kid? Two thumbs. And this guy's the kid JD Vance. If JD Vance were to give that answer and say, what's my weakness? You know, a little bit of a nerd. Sometimes I read too much into stuff and you know, maybe sometimes I need to speak from the heart or something. I'm not saying JD would, and he doesn't speak does.


I would say if he gave that answer, you'd be like, yeah, okay. Because jd, every time you ask him a question about any issue at all, jd, tell us about first to invent versus first to file on patents. Well, lemme tell you something, there's a strong case to be made for both. But I think personally the intellectual department, he'll give you, you would believe it. The problem Kamala Harris has is this Washington examiner Beckett Adams to her staff. Kamala Harris is a clueless bully who refuses to do her homework. This is from January of 2022. It's not me. Oh my gosh, you're calling her lazy. How dare you do that? I'm not calling her lazy.


Her staff's calling her lazy and she proves it every day because she can never give an answer on anything. She doesn't look like she knows anything. Because why guys? Because she doesn't, she doesn't actually know anything. Now I made an executive decision here. I think my team may disagree, but you tell me in the chat when I'm done, I'm gonna assure you what I mean. I'm take a quick break and on the other end this, I'm gonna play a minute and 52 clip. That's rather long. We try to keep him like max to a minute 30. It's the last piece from the town hall last night. But I think you need to see it in these closing days. This describes the Kamala Harris problem to a T.


She is asked an easy question, a direct question on the border. She has an opportunity to save her entire campaign by saying, you know what? Stop and building the wall was a mistake. There was a border problem during our administration. I acknowledge it. We're gonna move on. We're gonna fix it. I'm committing to you right now looking you in the eye. We are gonna reinstitute some of those plans even if they were under the Trump era. We wanna see what works. She had an opportunity. I want you to listen to this minute and 50. I didn't cut it anywhere 'cause this is the Kamala Harris problem. She doesn't know anything. The thing she doesn't know about, she pretends to know about. She doesn't even pretend well. And she comes off like an idiot every single time.


You'll see it after I play this. Tell me if it went too long. I really like your feedback 'cause I don't wanna do it again in the future. If you don't like it. Quick break and I'll get to it.


Hey Beams Dream powder. You having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there, but guess what? There's hope on the horizon with Beams Dream Powder. It's a game changer. It's been a game changer for me. Here's why. When you're sleeping well, I mean you guys know this, but when you're sleeping well but deeply, a nice cool dark room with a little Beam Dream powder that tastes amazing, you feel better. The, Next, Day, you're sharper. You're ready to tackle the day. A lot of those other sleep aids out there, they cause The, Next, Day Grogginess Dream is a powerful all natural blend though of REI Magnesium, L-theanine, Apogen and Melatonin helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed like I am today. Right now, beam's offering my listeners exclusive early access to their cyber sale. The biggest sale of the year my listeners can shop at early before anyone else. Get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam b eam.com/bonino and use code bonino at checkout. You've been hearing me talk about Dream all year. You know I love the product, it's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Enter enter code bonino and unlock your early access. That's shop b eam.com/bonino and use code bonino scroll and use code bonino for up to 50% off. Sorry, I guess that's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 50% off.


Alright, back to the show. I'm gonna play this again. It's about a minute and 52, but this answers sums up the Kamala problem. She cannot save herself. She doesn't know anything. When she doesn't know anything. She engages in word salads. Like Axel Rodd said, they never leave anywhere and she never answers a question. And that's why people are moving away from her in droves. Watch this disaster Under Donald Trump. You criticize the wall more than 50 times. You called it stupid useless. And a medieval vanity project is a border wall. Stupid. Well let's talk about Donald Trump in that border wall. So remember Donald Trump said Mexico would pay for it.


Come on. They didn't. How much of that wall did he build? I think the last number I saw is about 2%. And then when it came time for him to do a photo op, you know where he did it in the part of the wall that President Obama built on. But you would agree to a bill that would earmark $650 million to continue building that wall. We, I I pledge that I'm gonna bring forward that bipartisan bill to further strengthen and secure our border. Yes I am and I'm gonna work across the aisle to pass com a comprehensive bill that deals with a broken immigration system. I think Jackson's question, part of it was to acknowledge that America has always had migration, but there needs to be a legal process for it.


People have to earn it. And that's the point that I think is the most important point that can be made, which is we need a president always grounded in common sense and practical outcomes. Like let's just fix this thing. Let's just fix it. Why is there any ideological perspective on this? Let's just fix the problem. To fix the problem. You're, you're doing this compromise Bill, it does call for $650 million that was earmarked under Trump to actually still go to build the world. I'm not afraid of good ideas where they occurred. You know, So you don't think it's stupid anymore? I think what he did and how he did it did was, did not make much sense because he actually didn't do much of anything.


I just talked, talked about that wall, right? We just talked about it. He didn't actually do much of anything. But you do wanna build some wall. I want to strengthen our border. Now, just quickly, because you guys in the chat and ladies out there, the show's about you too long. Yes. Too long. No it isn't. Bino on the case. If you could, I I I just think in the closing days of the election you needed to hear that entire thing. The reason I play the whole thing is he Anderson Cooper, who lets no one mistake for a conservative. This guy probably throws darts at Donald Trump pictures every day.


Yes. Thank you. Good, I'm glad you agree. He even, he can't believe, she can't answer a simple question, are you gonna build a wall or not? And it, that's why I ended it where I ended it. She, he asked her for like the third time, are you going to build a wall or not? And what does she say? I have told you Eric got occurred. But she can answer a question. She is an idiot. And the thing is about this clip too that I love, I dunno if you guys caught it. There's an epic cell phone in this thing. Cell, oh not cell phone. Self. S-E-L-L-S-E-L-F own.


At one point in the beginning she claims I'll take ideas from anyone, Democrat or Republican or they're good. She then goes and makes fun of Donald Trump because yes acknowledges he did build some of the border, the border wall that he said he was going through. She acknowledged it and then she says, oh, and then he did a photo op near a section Obama bill. Oh, so Trump didn't have a problem with a wall when Obama built it. But even if that's accurate, it's the biggest cell phone I've ever seen. So in other words, Trump likes the wall, whether it's a Democrat or Republican. You just said the same thing and it made fun of him for being bipartisan. Again, it's one of those things it you follow politics like I do. You pick up on the subtleties of how this woman doesn't even realize she's stepping on her own unit.


She can't get out of her way. This is the worst candidate we have ever seen run for president folks. She is a moron. She is unlikeable. She has the lowest social IQ I've ever seen. And I'm telling you on election night, they are, there is no way they surrender this race easily because it's the end of her political career. If she was handed on the silver platter, a nomination, she never got a single vote for in either the original primary or the primary. That never happened in 2024, handed a $1.6 billion of money. They've raised a fortune handed.


What she claims is this great Biden legacy to this day. And she gets destroyed as essentially an incumbent, which rarely happens. Rarely happens. I mean if she gets destroyed, incumbent slews. But if she gets destroyed, IE like Jimmy Carter style folks. Her political career is only going to be as Jimmy Carter, the female Jimmy Carter. She will be a laughing stock forever and she knows it. You have to start asking yourself questions. Now it's go time now. Cutesy time is over. It is time to execute and vote early and in person.


If you're annoyed by this, I'm sorry, don't watch the show then over the next 12 days, because I, my job right now is to say it so much you wanna vomit when you hear it. All I care is that you do it. My daughter just sent in her mail-in ballot. She has to vote absentee 'cause she's away at college. I have been harassing everyone. Vote early and in person. Someone in the chat. If you met me out there, what's the first thing I said to you? Are you voting? Hey, you Dan Bonino? Yes. Are you voting? I drive people crazy. Vote early and in person because the question, is it bad enough? I believe is starting to lean in the yes direction.


I wanna show you coming up next. Chicago. Yes, Chicago. I'm on the air there on the great WLS on the radio. One of the biggest blow torch stations in the entire country. I get a lot of feedback from Chicago. Is Donald Trump gonna win Chicago and Illinois? No he's not. Is Donald Trump gonna perform exceptionally better than any Republican in the past? Oh yeah, I'm pretty sure. And I got the receipts to back it up. I want you to watch this resident coming up next. Absolutely. Torch the communist mayor Brandon Johnson there with a Trump hat on. This is some classic stuff. Stay tuned. This will put a smile on your face.


Last break. Hey, number one question I get from listeners is how can I get in a fight? Join the parallel economy, right? It's critical to know where your dollars are going. A lot of these credit card companies funnel millions to left wing causes and candidates they hope you don't notice. But now you have a choice. Coin. C-O-I-G-N is America's conservative credit card. Find find them@coin.com, COIG n.com. With every transaction you help coin advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. It's a great looking card. You'll take pride in using it's bright red with a we the people on the front. Coin works everywhere. Visas, except it, it comes with a 100% US based customer service team and consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now@coin.com. COIG n.com. Be sure to select the Dan Bongino Show please. And the how did you hear about a section? We really appreciate it terms apply. Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details.


And our last sponsor today, Blackout Coffee. Ladies and gentlemen, start your day with Blackout. Coffee. I love Blackout Coffee. I have about three cups a day right after the podcast. I jet downstairs. I get about five minutes doing this in the radio show. What do I have? Yes. Blackout Coffee. Why? 'cause they love their customers. And the owner, John is the greatest guy, loves the country too. Blackout Coffee uses premium grade coffee beans. A lot of folks don't even know what premium grade coffee tastes like. 'cause we got so used to drinking this crap. Brown water Bitter coffee. Blackout Coffee is bold. Tastes like affable coffee supposed to take, but it's never bitter. I recommend it is the official coffee of the Bonino Army. Folks, I love this stuff, please of. This is one company. They are really amazing. They love the country. John's been doing an amazing job and I promise you the coffee's amazing. Try the cinnamon french toast flavored coffee. If you want your taste buds to explode, the folks at Blackout Coffee shift within 48 hours of roasting. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bino and see what I've been raving about. They're the real deal. Stop drinking woke corporate junk coffee. Those people hate you. Blackout Coffee loves you. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bun bonino or use code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee the official Coffee of the Bonino Army.


Now I'm wearing the Dan Bonino. Is it bad enough shirt today, right before the election, my daughter, everybody in the chat give a big shout out to my daughter. Isabelle went to her first political rally yesterday, drove all the way from Auburn to Georgia with her friend Ashley. And they went to a Donald Trump rally in Georgia. And she called me this morning and said, daddy, she calls me daddy melts my soul. Folks like wax on a candle. There's no greater sound. That's how I know there's a God that kinda love. You can't. Why do words like that? She, when she says, daddy, I had the best time. I, I just, it melted my heart. It just melted my heart. I was so proud.


She went and she said, dad, Donald Trump is amazing. She and I for her to get involved. I'm sorry and I sound like a proud dad this morning. Gi gimme just a I I'm sorry folks. I maybe why I woke up so excited. My daughter called me first thing this morning. She even got up early to call me and she's like, dad, thanks for getting us in. I appreciate it so much. She said, we had such a great time. She saw Tucker there last night and I'm just so proud of her. She voted folks. She voted too. Is it bad enough yet She had her, is it bad enough? Shirt on. And a bunch of people came up to her and said, oh, we love the Dan, Bongino, Show. And she said, that's my dad. Oh man. See? All sappy.


Like that's the only job that matters, man. That's the only job that matters. You get that right? Your whole life is good. You screw up your kids, man. Everything else is shit. We can have the number one podcast on planet Earth. I'm sorry, your life's gonna be shit. She was so proud. The two guys from FSU came up and they were like, oh, we love Dan Bonino. And, and she was like, that's my dad. So she took a little selfie with them and sent it to me. And I said, send my regards to the boys. But I did know that F Ssu is having a little bit of a tough season, just like all her new football. So thanks guys. And thanks to the lady who said nice things to my daughter too.


Is it bad enough yet? She had this shirt on last night. Folks, you watch this clip outta Chicago of this Trump supporter in Chicago, female black Trump supporter. Why does that matter? It doesn't, it only matters. 'cause the left told us, if you're black, you should be voting Democrat. Really? Why? It sounds kind of racist, doesn't it? I mean people who are black don't think for themselves. Is that what you're saying? Sounds kind of racist. Steve, check this out. You are running the city to the ground. We've faxed you over and over again to stop with the spending. We've told your cronies to stop with the spending.


They won't stop you that letting you run. Grab it in here. They letting you run the city through the ground. They won't stop you. So because of that, you giving us no choice. We gotta go to the federal level. We gotta go to Donald J. Trump. That's right. That's what he's made clear. Yes. But he's going to do, see, I got to have some help. I got to have some help. I can't let you and Cook County and the city take what my mother worked for and left for her children. Just because you feel like it. Just because the Democratic party think they all act like they un touchable. This is America.


You bringing these people over here that's from socialist countries and all this and that, and y'all think y'all gonna run that here, say that Black America said, no, you not. No, you not. The true white Americans are saying, no, you not. No, you're not the true Latino, the true And Asians are saying, no, you not. I'm telling you, Brandon Johnson, from my heart to yours, Trump 2020. Boom. I don't know who that woman is, man, but I'm proud of you. Jessica Jackson, Jessica Jackson. Is that i I, Jessica, we never met.


But I gotta tell you, man, I'm I'm, I'm proud of you for standing up. I'm a little emotional today. I think what my daughter just kind of got me in, but I mean in a good way. Like I'm really, I just feel like the country's about to change. I feel like we're going through something like an Ellie, an extinction level event. You ever see that movie Deep Impact? You know, the, the the, the guy gets caught on the phone talking to Ellie and the wife thinks he's having an affair with Ellie and he's the president's national security advisor. He's talking about the asteroid. The comment that's gonna take out earth. Ellie was extinction level event. I feel like we're looking at an extinction level event for censorship for the mainstream media and their communist bullshit for the fascist weaponized deep state.


I feel like we are just 12 days away from us. Hopefully, if we execute and we do the right thing, I feel like we are just 12 days away from all being a little bit of what's her name? Jessica Jackson. We all got a little bit of Jessica Jackson as it takes a lot of balls for Jessica Jackson in a city like Chicago where you are surrounded, surrounded by not just leftists, but the most hardcore of leftists, the BLM Antifa types. And to get up there when you know even people in your own community are gonna look down on you and to speak the truth to power. Man, I gotta tell you, I have never felt better about an election and I'm not gonna let them steal this man.


Folks, the black community has had enough of this bullshit. The Spanish Hispanic community has had enough of this bullshit. The Cuban community, the Venezuelan community, the Puerto Rican community, the Arab community in Michigan, the Jewish community in New York and elsewhere in Florida and other states around the, around around the United States, they have had enough of the bullshit. The Asian community is tired of being discriminated against and in college and being told they're white adjacent parents around the country who may have voted Democrat or tired of having their kids told it's okay to read books about oral sex and have their nuts cut off and then hiding a fake gender transition from the Paris.


They're tired. I am sensing a sea change. I know you see it too. And the receipts are everywhere. It is now time for us to just execute. Everybody has a plan. As Mike Tyson said. Until what? Until what? Until what? Until you get punched in the face. You're gonna get punched in the face. No, not actually, but literally figuratively. You're seeing it yesterday. Dan, why aren't you mentioning the fake Trump stories that came out yesterday? Because they're not worth your time. I told you a bunch of bullshit was gonna come out and it did. I met Trump at a locker room 47 years ago and he touched my peepee or something.


Everybody's like, what? What are you even talking about? What do you, even folks, the hoaxes don't, no one cares. Why are we not talking about them? Because they're hoaxes. They're hoaxes. You're gonna get punched in the face, figuratively speaking. There's an easy way to prevent it. You know what it is? You guys have any idea? Just put your hands up. That's it. Rather get punched in the hands than the face, right? That's it. Execute. Execute. You think I'm making this up that there's a sea change out there, folks, I'm gonna play for you now, an M-S-N-B-C panel again, Dan, you sense in a pattern, folks.


This is only what, gee, the 10th one of these we've played CNN and M-S-N-B-C maybe more. I maybe maybe more than 10, trying to not speak hyperbolically. This is about the 10th voter panel minority voters that CNN and NB MSNBC's put on. You don't find it a little weird that these communist networks cannot find a panel of black or Hispanic voters where the majority of the panelists, or even a few of them support Kamala Harris. I thought we were told the black vote. The Democrats own the black vote. No, no, they don't own shit. Watch this disaster. For, for, for the lefties.


Not for America. This is great for us. Check this out for Me to believe you for another four years. You're crazy, right? Like you're crazy. You're saying the same thing that you said four years ago. So the fact that she's the vice president to you, the bottom line, you're like, you've been here, you've had a chance. Yes. Well, for me, the very first time I ever heard the name Kamala Harris, it was an association to locking up parent for a truancy. That was the first time I I ever heard of her name and I, I really didn't understand how this person claims to be a black woman, but yet she's locking up black women and black men and separating families. This is a thing that is, Trump talks about this a lot.


He says, you know, Kamala Harris became black, right? Right. When it was convenient, right? Yep. Can you, can you talk to me about do you feel, do you agree with him on that? Do you feel like absolutely. She's wearing her blackness? Absolutely. She's sworn into the, when she's sworn into the Senate, it was as the first Indian American thank you. Which is, it's fine. We don't care. We all Know she's not black. That's understand that we, we are all clear of that. But my point of view, like I told you earlier, she's already been there. She's in office right now. Folks, I'm not telling you Kamala Harris ain't black. I'm not Kamala Harris' father is black.


You, I, I don't care the, the racial categories. I don't care if she's black Indian. It doesn't matter to me. I don't judge people by racial cri. It doesn't. Kamala Harris sucks because Kamala Harris sucks. Kamala Harris doesn't suck because of some, you know, racial criteria. That's a very essence of racism to claim that. But I'm just telling you like Kamala Harris being phony and inauthentic has created a narrative I didn't put out there. People see it. They censor as fake that she'll try to relate to any community she'll relate to by using six or seven different accents.


Just because she wants you to believe she's down or she's one of you. Or you don't have to be I mean Think about it, right? How is it that Donald Trump resonates more with the black community when he's as white as the driven snow and he's a New York billionaire? The answer is because he is not fake. And people in the black, Hispanic, Asian, Jewish, Arab and white community just want a genuine person. They don't have one in Kamala Harris folks. It is all falling apart for them. All of it. Their firewall has collapsed.


Young voters, my daughter said there was a ton of under 20 fives there yesterday at the Trump rally in Georgia. Black voters, it's falling apart for them on the left. The game is over, man. The gig is up. Latino, Spanish, Hispanic voters, Spanish I, I don't even like these categories. They Cuban voters and Venezuelan voters and Puerto Rican voters and voters from Spain share very little in common other than a language. That's it. They're not the same. It's not a monolithic block. They're all going in the Trump direction. Look at this. A Bronx barbershop, my friend Lawrence Jones been doing great on Fox and Friends love Lawrence.


Lawrence gets it, man. Lawrence understands the black community. 'cause Lawrence is black. He didn't pretend to be anything else. He doesn't need to. He goes into a barber shop in the Bronx with Donald Trump. Dan, this happened a week. I know, but it only fit right here. Here's the Bronx Barber guy. A place where you would've, these guys would've never envisioned voting for a Republican in the past until Donald Trump came along. Here they are talking about things Kamala Harris just won't address like inflation and the cost of energy. She's busy filibustering telling you how she's such a nerd. Watch this segment that won viral from Fox and French. Check this out. My issue was more of the energy.


I've been paying 2100 since I first opened up in the last seven months. It shout out to 15,000. What? That wasn't nuclear. Because even Donald Trump doesn't believe it now, because again, we don't do bullshit on the show like the left wing media. Trump is Hitler. He eats little children for breakfast with a Diet Coke. It's a bacon. Okay? Con Edison, which is the energy company, deals with me. I know Con con ed for short. If you know New York, you know Con Ed. It's like FPL down here in Florida. Con Ed has said it was a billing error. Fine. Maybe may not. I don't know.


I'm not this guy's energy manager or his intermediary. That's not the point. Whether he pays 15,000 or he paid 2000, now pays 4,000. Everything the guy said about energy bills and inflation going up is true. Maybe the numbers, and maybe it was a billing error. I don't know. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. It doesn't make the problem go away. Trump's sitting there like stunned that this guy's getting just raked over the coals with his energy bill and every American sitting at home who's paying out three bucks plus for gas instead of 180 under Trump, or paying twice the energy bill, twice the rent, twice the insurance is scratching their head going, yeah, bro, I feel that man, I feel that.


I feel that that's this cat's a hundred percent correct folks. The communist media is gonna do their best to try to repair the damage in the coming days. What they're gonna give up at some point though, if this cont if, if this continues to get worse, at some point you're gonna see recriminations. I promise you. Listen to your boy, Dan. I am rarely wrong on this shit. I'm telling you right now, over the next few days, there's going to be a last ditch IV infusion of vitamins and minerals to the Kamala Harris campaign.


It's gonna be a series of Trump hoaxes. I saw Trump transformative a werewolf in London when he was a teen. It's all gonna come out over the next few days. If they were real stories, you would've already heard them immediately dismiss them as liberal left wing fantasies. They're already falling apart. Okay? We get that. I can almost guarantee you by Tuesday or Wednesday of next week, if these polls continue to degenerate and the fake Kamala momentum completely collapses and she does a couple more horrendous town halls like this, folks, they're gonna start preparing for defeat. She's not going to Kamala Harris.


They're not gonna concede this thing no matter what. Then I'll be stunned unless the media pressures them to, but they're gonna try to save her. You're gonna see more of this. Watch this CNN clip and I'll show you. Watch the CNN panel totally meltdown this show. This is what I'm talking about. There is now a very credible story surfacing being reported by the daily male that Kamala Harris's husband, Doug Emh, and it's an allegation. Everybody's innocent, so proven guilty. I actually believe in that of like the lefty scum out there. However, the allegation is that Doug Emh the second gentleman, could be the first gentleman. God forbid she wins, smack some woman in the face.


Now she's now coming out again saying she, he hit me so hard that I turned around. Now we were told by the left, believe all women, she's now doubling down on this story. That story comes out the left wing completely ignores it. Yet a story surfaced yesterday. So ridiculous on its face that, oh my gosh, Donald Trump tried to grope someone or something. No one has any evidence. It's actually true. It's another Russia collusion hoax. And the media was like, I don't know. There could be something even though the nobody knew. Nobody's seen it. Nobody's heard it, nothing. Watch how Scott Jennings is handled on CNN, the Republican commentator when he even brings up this believe all women Doug Emh H thing.


Check this out. Bakari. I listen to your entire filibuster. If you could just give me 13 seconds. I give you 12. 'cause he said, grab 'em by The, and so and so when you, when you think about the things he has said in order to sell those records, and you also consider some of the questions that are swirling around Harris' own husband in this regard, oh my God, I find, find, okay, you don't even get 12 seconds. I find I'm not gonna let you go into the the far end of, I'm telling Scott, you can't, can't, I can't represent you in the defamation case. You are gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna stop here for a second. I can't represent you in a defamation case. He's a news commentator reporting on a public figure who has an allegation that has now been reported by a credible media outlet.


What? What's the defamation? He didn't say it was true. He said it was an allegation exactly what I, which is what it is. But notice how they'll happily report on Trump said a hundred years ago, he was even born a hundred years. Doesn't matter. He said he loves the Nazis or so. Oh really? Who heard him say it? The barbers bought a bagel from a guy named Tony who's a dog walker for a dude named Angelo. And Angelo's cousin's brother heard it from the foreman on the job. Who heard it from his wife, Alicia. Oh shit, that's definitely true. Do you notice it's not defamation then?


This is what's gonna happen. You are gonna get figuratively punched in the face over the next few days. Just put your hands up. How do you put your hands up? You don't magnify this stuff. He's like, I didn't mean how you actually we're talking in figurative terms. Don't magnify it on Twitter. Just simply point out hoax in all caps. You don't need to do anything else. Another hoax. That's it. Nobody believes it. Nobody buys it. And I wanna show you, because receipts matter how the left wing hoax, commie ad prop, north Korean scum media is now melting down because their latest Trump Hitler hoax or whatever, it's all bullshit, just collapsed.


Jennifer Rubin, one of the most pathetic human beings on planet earth. A woman who, how she's still employed in any job, is just stunning. She's known for being spectacularly wrong on the major political stories of the day, is losing her mind. What is wrong with the media that the John Kelly Atlantic Hitler story is not dominating? They simply don't understand the stakes or they are intent on currying favor with the MAGA gag. It's a disgrace. No, Jen, you're a disgrace. You're trying to parrot another hoax by an outlet known for parroting trump hoaxes. You work for a paper that has already parroted a number of repeatedly debunked bullshit things and now you're just breaking down.


And I'm gonna tell you the shout shouting fraud is real. I know it's not great, but I am enjoying the glorious meltdown of the left. It's gotten so bad. It's gotten so bad that who do they bring out to parrot this Trump. How many times are you gonna call this guy Hitler I mean you've been doing it for eight years. It has clearly collapsed and fallen apart. How bad does it have to be that you bring out, bring out John Brennan, the, the, the Lord of the Eastern territories of the Russia collusion hoax, A disgusting filth bag human being who I'm telling you, if he was on fire, I wouldn't piss on this guy to put him out. He is an absolute life loser.


This guy has destroyed the country, has abused nearly every position he's power. He's been in to promote collusion, hoaxes, and destroy faith in the intelligence community. A disgusting garbage pile. Have I said enough? How bad does it have to be there? There we go. They got 'em now. Good one. Gee, look at that. Mostly peaceful memes, by the way. That's a great account at mostly peaceful. He check them out. That's really cool. Check them out. That is a death total. That's it, folks. They nailed them now. They nailed. That's evidence. Total receipts. Trump, Hitler definitely have a hundred percent. You guys nailed it. That's it. That's what you I mean. It's just embarrassing. It's freaking embarrassing how a party that embraces the death to Israel from the river to the sea.


We love Hamas. Hezbollah has dared to claim that we're the party of Nazis. Are you shitting me, bro? Here's John Brennan. Go out there parroting the Hitler hoax. Russia collusion Champion two. Check this out. This is not surprising at all. We have seen this continuous pattern over the course of many years of Donald Trump endorsing individuals such as a Hitler disparaging the US military advocating for fascism, which is what John Kelly said, that he is fascist. And just like Mark Millie, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who said that Donald Trump is fascist to the core, it just demonstrates that Donald Trump is not interested in promoting our democratic system and our values as Americans.


And so therefore, I, again, it's, I find it absurd and appalling that so many Americans are willing to just dismiss these comments and the undecided voters that are still out there. I think they really need to take this into account. When you have individuals such as John Kelly and Mark Millie saying this about Donald Trump. Is this the country that you want your children or grandchildren to grow up in? I certainly hope not. Imagine trotting this piece of filth out, this filth bag on M-S-N-B-C to parrot yet another conspiracy theory and then wondering why the campaign has collapsed. I wanna show you how bad things must be if Kamala Harris, if you watch yesterday show, starting to sound more like Hillary Clinton and Obama Obama's, one of his worst moments was the bitter Clinger moment saying, oh, you know, you clinging to your religion and your guns.


Basically calling Americans who worked for a living. Losers, it was one of Obama's worst moments. It should have impacted him deeper than it did, but the mainstream media tried to apologize for him. How bad does it have to be that Obama is out on the campaign trail and he did it again?


Hold one second. I need to finish my last time. I promise I'm not gonna ask you again, but we're doing really, really intense quality improvements for Rumble. We wanna make this the premier home for video, for discourse, for live chatting, and the chat matters to us. We got, we got, let's see, I'm working. I, I'm working. Says I can't stand Brendan. Me either. So me being able to interact with you in the chat matters. We love Rumble. I love Rumble. Chris is the CEO. He needs a favor right now. Last time I'll ask, I don't want it this to be annoying because the people on Apple and Spotify are listening. But I really need you to break the chat. We couldn't do it the other day. We need to load test it before election night. I know, I joke around. I don't care what you put in there. A number A yes, a no, a why and N, it doesn't matter. Just put something everybody out there. We're the only show. Big enough. We are the biggest live stream in the United States every day. We're the only one. The Bino Army. I'm serious. I'm not. That's a statement of fact, not opinion. I need you to break the chat. Everybody go in and just decimate that. I don't care what you put in there, but everybody comment and do it all at the same time. 'cause if there is some kind of little bug on some little device somewhere in a, you know, corner of Iowa somewhere, we find it. 'cause election night, I want this thing to work seamlessly. So bang it out, destroy it, destroy it, keep it going. Wreck it, wreck it, wreck it. Ralph kids. Wreck it. Record record destruction. Destroy it. Shred this thing to pieces. Make this thing FI want my phone. Oh look, a fire, I want this thing on fire. He's got the fire extinguisher in his hand right now, getting ready to launch. I want my phone smoking. I want wires. That Rumble smoking. I want people's computers breaking. I want Chris sitting there going, ah, smoke coming out of his ears. Blow the chat up. Blow it up, blow it up. Make sure I, it's still not broken. Chris, you're doing too good of a job. Break it. Break it. Keep breaking it while I play this clip for you folks. Obama did it again. Obama's back again with the bitter clingers. How bad does this thing have to be internally for them? Check this out. I I, I don't understand how we got so toxic and just so divided and so bitter and I, I, I get why sometimes people just don't wanna pay attention to it. And we all have friends like that. We have family members. It's just like, ah, you know, it, it's all, it's all a circus out there. I. get that. Here it is. You're all bitter cls. You are all, I get it. It's all a circus out there. You're all bitter. We're not bitter. Who's bitter? Who's bitter? We're John Brennan Sounds bitter. Jennifer Rubin sounds bitter. And we're not bitter. We're not bitter at all. We didn't have that greater midterm. We got right back. We dusted off. We're right back with another election. We love our country. We're not the ones bitching and moaning. If we lose, we're leaving the country. I'm not leaving the country. I'm not leaving, I'm not going anywhere. I'll get ready to fight in the midterms. I'm not going anywhere. You are the ones who are bitter. Obama. It ain't us. You are bitter, not us folks. I hope you're gonna ch thank you for I, I don't, I still don't think we broke the chat, which is amazing. But you all thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. The Bonino Army. We were number one again. We're the number one live stream in the United States most days in the world. Absolutely love you guys. Thank you for hooking me up and making my life so completely fantastic and awesome. Make me feel part of something really special. Please go today. Download the Rumble app before election day. Download the Rumble app. Watch us on election night, 7:30 PM Eastern Time. We'll have a radio show earlier that day. Stay with us the entire night. Great guest lineup. Also, you can join us every day at 11:00 AM 11:00 AM live Rumble dot com slash bonino or on the Rumble app. Just give us that follow, give us a follow on Apple podcast and Spotify as well. Thank you all. Love you so much. Such an honor to be a part of this. I'll see you here tomorrow.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.