
Hey everybody. Welcome to a Wednesday edition of VINCE, brought to you by Blackout Coffee, the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE, and you'll get 20% off your first order. A little blackout coffee to start the day. Just doing great. I'm feeling great today.


I had a big visit to the White House yesterday. I got to spend a whole bunch of time there talking to White House officials, talking to cabinet secretaries, talking to spokesman for the Trump administration, always as we approached that 100 days of the Trump administration. And luckily for you, I brought cameras with me. We recorded our conversations, had a a lot of really important ones, including the one you're about to hear in just moments from the DHS Secretary Christie Nome. Think about all of the stuff that she has to deal with. She's gotta deport all of these illegals. Where are the mass Deportations of not just the violent criminals, but all of the illegals that are in our country right now? What's going on with the Secret Service Investigations into those assassination attempts against President Trump?


And how did Christie Nome just get robbed in Washington dc? She had a purse stolen from her as she was sitting there being protected by the Secret Service. Answers to all of those questions coming up in just a moment. Great to be with you again this morning If you're watching Live on the Rumble Chat. Thank you. The best damn audience in media. Love having you with me.


As always, I gotta thank our sponsors for making this entire show possible each day, and that includes Patriot Mobile, wonderful people. You know, while we may have won this 2024 election, the fight to restore a great nation, it's only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. You see, with Patriot Mobile, you're gonna get that outstanding nationwide coverage you need because they operate on all three major networks. Now, If you have cell phone service already today, I'm here to tell you, you can get cell phone service so easily with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. And the big difference here is that every dollar that you spend supports a company that believes in the first and the Second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching totally easy. Keep your number, keep your phone. You can even upgrade if you'd like. They're 100% US-based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2, but a Patriot.


Yeah, our thanks to the White House again for setting all of this up. Again. They're approaching a hundred days here, so they said, You know what we need to do? We need to speak to the VINCE audience directly and give everybody here an update on how things are going in the administration. And there are few officials that I wanted to speak with more than the next guest you're about to see. And that's the Secretary of Homeland Security. Christie Nome, one of the biggest and most important portfolios in the entire government. She sat down with me at the White House and here's what she had to say. Take a look. Well, joining me now is the Secretary of Homeland Security. Christie Nome in the house. Nice to have you here. It's wonderful to be here. Thank you so much for inviting Me and I should say nice for nice.


Thank you for having us here. We're at this great White House complex. Yes. Tell me, how's the state of homeland security right now in terms of when you got there and to where it is now? What has changed? Oh, it's phenomenal. It's phenomenal what leadership can do in the White House to make a difference for the American people. You know, honestly, If you look at the southern border, which was the number one priority of this president and concern of the country, it's under 99% operational control, which is phenomenal. We set the record for the lowest encounters at the border in February and March in the history of the nation. So not only did he fundamentally change everything, yes, in the first 100 days, but he is doing a better job securing the border than we ever have in the nation's history.


Wow. That's even better than I realized. 'cause I saw the Wall Street Journal had a great piece on this, I think two days ago, and they said that it was the lowest since the 1960s Yeah. Is the way they described it. And they said that people who are have been waiting south of our border have just made the decision to go home. They're not coming across Well. And what President Trump tasked me was specifically was communicating to people that we were securing our border. And If you were coming to this country to turn around and go back. Yeah. So we actually have ads running in international countries that are running in Guatemala, El Salvador Yes. Mexico, that are saying, If you were thinking about coming to the United States illegally, don't do it. You can't get in. Yes. And If you get here, you can be charged criminally and we will take you back.


So there will be consequences If you continue. That's for sure. And my suspicion is it's probably not the ads as much as it is the viral videos. Oh, I So that you guys are putting out, because, and I say that because obviously you're working with the president of El Salvador B Yes. He keeps releasing videos of people being brought to that high security prison, which you recently visited. Absolutely. Shaving their heads, throwing them in jail cells. And then what we see is that, for instance, El Salvadorian men and Venezuelan men who are in the United States, they see those images. Yeah. And they're like, I don't want a piece of that. And they're self deporting. Is that actually Happening? Yes, they absolutely are. They absolutely are. And that's the one thing that the president really wanted people to know, is that there's consequences Now before under Joe Biden, you could break the law, you could perpetuate violence, you could do whatever you wanted to do.


And they did nothing. But President Trump said, Christy, we need to communicate what the consequences are. It's one of the reasons I visited that prison was to talk to President Belli. Ask him not only, You know, how he had fundamentally changed the future of his country. Yeah. Because If you think about what the transformation that has happened in El Salvador since he's been president, it's phenomenal. He's got one of the lowest murder rates in the world. Is It true it went from one of the most dangerous countries on the planet to the safest country in the Western hemisphere? Yes. It's incredible what he has done. And he is done it through leadership and consequences. And that that prison President Trump wanted people to see, to know that it could be a real consequence for those that are members of foreign terrorist organizations. Yeah. And that these gangs, MS 13 and TDA are terrorists.


They have been conducting terrorist operations in this country. Yes. And they need to get out. So, so the videos that I just referenced, what you've been in some with them, you visited that center, you're, you're standing in front of the inmates who are behind you. I love that people, I I saw people think they thought it was like photoshopped or So I know they really did. It was Yeah. That they thought that. But you were really standing there in front of those guys. Yeah. And I think people, You know, people have their criticisms, but it makes a big impact and people see it and they recognize that that's possible for those individuals that are doing what? The things that those men in those cells raped children. Yeah. They were child pedophiles. They were murderers. They, they weren't people that were out there, You know, getting speeding tickets.


These were individuals who made a life of violence. And to have consequences like that is pretty impactful for people to understand the message across this country. What Are they doing in that prison though? Because behind you, you're, you've filmed this video, I don't know how long was it? Maybe two minutes or something? Yeah, It was pretty short. But But that two minutes of every one of those guys, not one of them moved. Yeah. They just stared at the camera. It was almost like they didn't want misbehave behind you. Yeah. What was that about? Well, You know, sea Cot is a prison that will hold 40,000 prisoners. There's about 80 prisoners in each cell. Yeah. I spent a lot of time with the warden and the president talking about it. And they just said, nobody will ever leave there. They will, they will live there until they die of natural causes.


Wow. They, it is a life sentence that they will spend there and he wants to build another prison. You know, he had MS 13 overtaking his country. Yes. And so he went hard after them. And he said, If you don't get aggressive in the United States, you will have that happen in America. And we do have some MS 13 members now in the United States that were born here. Yes. They're citizens. So that gets even more complicated. And why we need to get so aggressive at, at getting them out and having them returned back to their home country before they get a foothold and recruit more of our children. So I wanna ask you more about MS 13, but one more on the videos. I Yes. You alluded to the, the criticism of some of the videos. You're holding guns standing outside with law enforcement. Yep.


And the critiques that have come your way is that you're play acting as, You know, as a door kicker. But your point seems to be that these videos are important to convey that we are imposing Consequences. Yes. Absolutely. People need to see them. They need to understand why I am out there with them. The reason I'm out there with them and with our ICE agents, H-S-I-C-B-P Coast Guard, is because I wanna know what their lives are like. Right. They've never had a secretary go out there in years and years and spend a day with them, do patrols with them. That's where I found out that our ICE agents need new authority so that when they can interdict drugs Yeah. They can't arrest 'em. So getting them that training and authority, they need to do that. I wouldn't have learned that if I hadn't gone out there and spent time with them, I wouldn't have learned that some of the equipment that HSI was using and CBP didn't work.


Yeah. That they had, some of them had bulletproof vests that weren't certified anymore. Oh my gosh. Some of them didn't have the authority to make some decisions that were best, You know, to really enforce the law that the president directed. So you don't learn how vulnerable we are If you don't realize the weak spots. And that's why I am out there on the front lines, talking with them and finding out what do you really need to do your job? Right. And do you understand what the president wants you to do? And that you've, that he is got your back. Okay. So's not, and he wants you to enforce the law so that communication with the American people is important. Yeah. But it's also important for me making decisions every day. I don't wanna take all my information from people sitting behind desks in Washington. Sure. I think we've seen that.


That doesn't work. Yeah. It's not quite undercover boss. Right, exactly. You're out there on the front line. Yes. That's cool. And, and the, And it definitely, the message is getting through to foreign nationals. There's no question about that that's measured. So on MS 13, obviously the big news story continues to be because the Democrats are lunatics quite frankly. Yeah. That they are desperately trying to bring back someone who is quite clearly an MS 13 gangster Absolutely. Into the United States of America. I, I know you're now running home insecurity, but also as a political matter, you've been in Republican politics. Have you ever seen something so insane done by a political party before? I honestly haven't. I've never seen Democrats go out and endorse and fight for the freedom of a terrorist. Yeah. Someone that a court said was a terrorist that an immigration appellate court said was a terrorist, that local law enforcement agents built a case and said he was a terrorist that had perpetuated violence against his family, had been suspected of human trafficking.


Right. By moving people from Texas to Maryland in 2022 as well. And that when he was incarcerated and picked up was surrounded by terrorists and the fact that they would try to say, this guy is a normal father from Maryland Yeah. That, that they should be advocating for to come back to this country. There's just no scenario where that should ever happen On his knuckle. He had those, he has those gang tattoos, or at least they look like gang tattoos to me. Yeah. Where did the photo come from that the president shared the other day? You know, was that from your department? You know, I believe it was, and I believe it was either from that or from local law enforcement. Okay. But it was from people that had built a case against him. And that's what I think the American people need to understand is we don't just go out and look at tattoos and arrest people and deport them. Right. We built a case against each of these individuals.


We have Homeland Security investigations and experts that go out and build a case to make sure that these people are who we believe that they are, and that they, many of them have been prosecuted and convicted and that they need to leave this country because they hate America. So in other words, you, you, you are very cautious before you're sending people to seek cops. Oh, absolutely. We're making sure. And that's one of the things that, that President Belli and I talked about when I was in El Salvador, was that we know who these people are. We're sending you people who belong here. Yes. And he told us that he would certainly take more. Yeah. And that we should always make sure that they're members of those two gangs, because that's what that place was built for. So we, we've obviously, we were talking about deporting these dangerous criminal aliens.


What about just other aliens who are in the United States? A lot of people, I, I get a lot of messages from people who are looking for what they refer to as more mass Deportations. Now, I gotta be honest, I am grading you Well 'cause I think you guys are doing a great job. Yep. The border numbers are proof of that. Yep. But what about further mass Deportations? Yeah. What can we expect going forward? We are, we are working on people that have final removal orders. Yeah. So we've deported hundreds of thousands of people that have final removal orders, which means they overstayed, they stayed, they missed appearances in immigration court and they've been told that they have to leave and they never have. So they've knowingly violated the law. Yes. We also are enforcing a law that was put in place after World War II called the Alien Registration Act that says If you are here illegally, you need to register within 30 days.


Okay. If you don't register with the federal government, then, then you could be charged criminally and you'll be deported and you'll never get to come back. Okay. If you self deport, you decide, okay, I'm here illegally and I, I wanna be an American, I wanna come to this country. I love it. I wanna work here. Yes. Then self deport, identify yourself, and then we will make sure you get the chance to come back to this country. So, so do we. So should we expect big action about a month's time? Oh, absolutely. And I think we've already seen big action, but we've already seen because of that message that you can self deport and then you can come back again. Yeah. That you get a second chance. Thousands of people are self deporting, so thousands of people are taking themselves home and we're working on helping those financially that want to self deport.


Yeah. So we can maybe help them with a commercial airline ticket too. Okay. You have a huge portfolio. So I, another thing I wanna ask you about is the Secret Service. Yes. You obviously come into this office with a secret service that's kind of reeling from a bunch of problems, including the fact that the president of the United States was shot last year on July 13th. Right. What is in, in your view, the current state of the Secret Service? Has it improved as as you've been in? And, and will we get some real accountability as to how these guys got so close to assassinating the president? Yeah. Well, the Secret Service is filled with phenomenal human beings. I mean, there are people that took a pledge to, You know, enforce the law and to go out and to be protectees and investigations and respect this country and love this country.


And they took the extra risk to protect the most powerful, the most powerful individuals in the country. Right. So, You know, we need to appreciate that every day and continue to give them the respect that they deserve. The investigations are still ongoing. We're making sure that we do due diligence. Yes. And then also recognizing that President Trump has put a new director in place, Sean Curran, who was his lead detail. Right. That brings an agent's perspective to it. You know, know you put somebody in an administrative role that has actually been on the front line and done these jobs. They bring better information to that job on what can we do to equip and to train these individuals to do better the next time. One of the things I'm focused on is communication. Yeah. What we saw happen in Butler, Pennsylvania was a breakdown of communication.


It's insane. Local cops couldn't talk to the Secret Service in the midst of that crisis. And that's something that, that we at Homeland Security can help direct. You know, I have fema, I have TSA Secret Service, we have the Coast Guard. There can be a plan and a pattern for communication on how we interact with state and local law enforcement officials. That can be a uniform process so that that consistency is there. That, that we don't have what happened in Pennsylvania happened again, and don't forget, we had a, an assassinate assassination attempt in Florida as well. Yep. So there are people out there now that perpetuate violence against the president. Yes. But also against our law enforcement officers. It's increased 300% just during this administration because of the enforcement actions that were taken.


So we need to make sure that we're, we're giving them all the tools and equipment and training they need for every scenario they could encounter. That's great. So I know the president expressed recently that he's dissatisfied with the answers he's gotten on the two assassins. Right. Because he says, look, these are guys with all these cell phones. The Butler Pennsylvania suspect was cremated within seconds he's gone. Yes. Right. And the president says that, and I I'm thinking this is the president of the United States, I would think that he would've access to all the relevant information. Yeah. And he is, he seemed kind of woefully dissatisfied with where things are. Can can you give us a sense of, are, are you, are people giving him more information now? Are we any closer to getting answers on why these guys, for instance, the second guy was so dialed in in Ukraine?


Yes. What do we know about all that? Yes, absolutely. We are digging into that and getting the information. It's been slower than we've wanted because Joe Biden and his administration slowed us down. But we have a director now that's going to be giving us a lot more details and information of what he's able to uncover. And, You know, you have the Senate that did a report and the house Right. That did a report as well. All that information will be compiled to help us make the best decisions on how to equip the secret service for what they face. But You know, you think about how threats have changed. Yes. The dangers have changed what they have to be prepared for, it's unprecedented, the scenarios they could find themselves in. So we need to respect the fact that danger is all around us now, and we've got a lot of unstable people Yes.


Who really have more access to more items that could be created that to do damage and that we have a, a situation where politics is polarizing. Yeah. You know, there's something, I was talking to my husband about this weekend, that there's something about the way that the media has used fear to scare people, to promote an agenda. Right. To divide people that, that takes people and makes violent acts acceptable. Yes. And, and so the media, I I would say the fake news is, is shameful for twisting and telling lies. Yes. That, that divides people and doesn't bring us together on a shared purpose. When Teddy Roosevelt was shot ahead of a speech, he was told that he, he said Right, right.


As he gave the speech, he said that his political opponents had been inflaming weak minds. Yes. Right. We were inflaming weak minds. That's exactly which is what, which the left us Far too often what I believe that still holds true today. So we need to make sure that there's still voices out there of truth and people who still love each other. Yes. I mean, that's, that's really why we were created is that we're all human beings. We may disagree on a few things, but boy, we were created to serve each other. Yeah. And that's what we need to be reminded of as well. Well, amen. Last question for you. Yes. I see you're in the news this week. Yes. You went to a restaurant Yes. And someone swiped your purse. Yes. Who was in a covid mask, by the way, that Tells you everything. Yes, that's right. That tells you, Did you ever get the purse back? No, I didn't. It was kind of shocking actually.


'cause it was sitting right by my feet. Yes. It was. I actually felt my purse, he hooked it with his foot and drug it a few steps away and dropped a coat over it and took it. But, You know, I felt it, but I thought it was my grandkids kicking me in the legs. But that it was very professionally done. And I think that is Yes. The theft was it. And it tells me that this happens all the time to people and that they live in communities where this is a danger And it reaffirms why I'm here. My job is to make sure that I do everything every day I can to make our communities safer. Yes. And President Trump recognizes that families shouldn't have to live with any kind of violence in their lives. So you Think you were targeted just because you were a woman with a purse and not because you're the DHS secretary, do You think?


I, I don't know. And there's an investigation going on, but I, I think I was a busy grandma with four kids. Yeah. Four grandkids under the age of four. And I was, You know, taking care of them and feeding them food and enjoying my family. Yeah. But certainly had my purse even touching my feet and Wow. That's how vulnerable people can be. So I think we need to be aware, but also be making sure there's consequences for people like that, that make a living off of harming other people. Amen. All right. DHS Secretary Christine Nom. Thank you. What a pleasure. Nice To see that Virginia. Nice to see you too. Thank you. Thank you. There she is. Rather, there's the Secretary of Department of Homeland Security. Thank you again to Christie Nome. A lot going on there, by the way, for those who are wondering if you're listening to the audio podcast, you can't see our, our live chat rumble.com/ VINCE.


I was trying to indicate during the interview that the reason you're hearing background noise during all of this is because the White House arranged for a bunch of different hosts and outlets to conduct interviews at the White House. I, this is a part of the most transparent administration you have to believe at, at any point in American history. You know, with the, with the dawn of the Internet of Independent Media, the ability of all these people to break through the legacy media blockade. The White House has embraced new media in a really big way that includes this show. And so what they've done is they've opened their doors and they said, Hey everyone come in. And as a result, we get these interviews all kind of happening simultaneously. Of course, I'm sitting at that moment with the DHS secretary Christie Nome.


So my thanks again to the White House, the background noise, just a product of, You know, there's a lot, not a lot of good spaces for a million interviews to all be happening at once. So we were all there in that room together. That was really nice. But let me, let me just hit some of the top line items I think that We got from the DHS secretary for those who have been asking about further mass Deportations, beyond the very violent criminals that the Trump administration is correctly targeting as they triage this problem in the country. She is, is saying right now that, and you've seen some of the advertising, perhaps you've seen some of it on television or online, that she's in the ads she's talking about right now. If you are illegal in this country, you better register with the government. You better file something with us to indicate that you're here illegally and then you should self deport or we're gonna figure out a way to get you outta the country.


We'll work together to do that. But this is the only way that you can have a future prospect of potentially coming back to the United States in some legal format in the future. But regardless of, of what any of that looks like, If you are here illegally and you don't register and we catch you and we deport you, you are not coming back. There's no scenario where you're coming back to the United States of America. So this is a combination sort of carrot stick approach. And the window was, it was announced about a week or two ago. So that 30 day clock that the DHS secretary has given is counting down. And So I asked her there, so does that mean we're gonna see more action in the next month in terms of mass Deportations?


And I think the suggestion that she gave me in response was pretty clearly yes, you're gonna see a lot going on. So we have that to look forward to. The Secret Service investigation continues. Yes, she is the DHS secretary. Yes, she oversees Secret Service, but as she pointed out, there's an FBI investigation into this right now. And that means it falls under the leadership of Cash Patel and Dan Bonino, of course, a Secret Service alum himself. They are undertaking that effort to the extent that she's doing anything to handle the present day Secret Service. She mentioned the communications obligations that they have to make sure it's insane that a local cop can spot a shooter on top of a roof, yelling to his radio that there's a gun. And not to have Secret Service agents who are at the same event hear him a total communications breakdown in an event that demands a lot more answers, including how much malice went into the construction of that day's security at that rally in Butler.


And then finally her purse was stolen at a DC restaurant this weekend. How does that happen to the DHS secretary? And that gets right back to the Secret Service question because she has secret service protection, obviously priority one is to protect the person, but I would think somewhere near the top of that list would be also prevent her from being robbed. Interesting to hear her talk about that though. She thought it was very professionally done. And I'm not convinced she was just targeted because she was a woman with a purse. I think somebody had it out for the DHS secretary and now she had her purse stolen. And the last thought from that is if she can have her purse stolen, the DHS secretary with all the resources that the federal government has is at his disposal. And that was this weekend.


It is now Wednesday, as of it was Tuesday when I spoke to her. She hasn't been able to get that thing back yet. What's the hope for the rest of us? If we get something stolen from us, what are the chances we ever see those things Again, a worrying sign in our conversation. But I'm very grateful for that. DHS Secretary Christie? No, I'm coming up. I've got a lot of more great, a lot, a lot of great conversations, including with a guy Alex Pfeiffer. I've known this guy for many years. He is the principal deputy communications director for the White House. And he wants to bring to the surface some of the stories that the Trump administration is trying to tell, but the media have been doing a blockade on them. We'll talk to Alex Pfeiffer here in just a moment.


Before we get there, I gotta thank the sponsors who make this show possible. As always, that includes the great people at Beam Beam. You know, a lot of the conservatives, all the all conservatives believe in self-reliance, taking responsibility for your own wellness, your family, your future. But when my sleep is off, I feel like I can't show up as my best self. This is why I'm very excited to share something that has made a difference for me. And that's Beam's Dream. Powder Beam is proudly founded right here in America, run by people who share our values. Hard work, integrity, delivering results. Dream is a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients that are shown to help improve sleep. So you can wake up nice and refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made up of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients, including Reishi Magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin and Melatonin. Plus Dream tastes incredible. Just, You know, heat up some water, put the Beam powder in, stir it up, And it is delicious And it helps you sleep really well. Here's the deal. Beam is giving my listeners and viewers the ultimate Patriot discount of 40% off. Try their bestselling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show, use the code VINCE show at checkout. That's BEA m.com/ VINCE show. And use the code VINCE show for up to 40% off support a great American company. Invest in yourself and start getting your best sleep tonight. Shop Beam dot com slash VINCE Show. Thank you very, very much to those guys.


Hey, let me, I'll just, once again, I just wanna say this guy, Alex Pfeiffer, I, I mentioned it here in the interview, but I'll say right up front. He used to work for me. He was my white, he was my White House reporter many years ago. We hired him very young and he went on, subsequently, he worked on Tucker Carlson's show for a time on the Fox News Channel. He was one of his producers, really talented at that job. And then he, the president hired him to be one of his top communications guys. So this guy knows his stuff. And you're gonna like Alex Pfeiffer here, he is real privilege always to stop by the White House as the White House. What they're doing right now is they're marking the 100th day of the administration, which is technically April 30th. But as we get closer to that, a lot of these officials inside of the administration are fanning out talking to the media and of course coming to you right here on this program to tell you some updates on how everything is going.


And that includes my next guest who have known for a very long time now, Alex Pfeiffer. Alex Pfeiffer is the principal deputy communications director here under President Trump and his 47th administration. And he joins me now, live at the White House. Hello Alex. VINCE, it's a pleasure to be on and I have to correct you. You ready? Unfortunately, start off some fake news reviewers. The hundredth days, the 29th. What? 'cause here at the White House we're counting January 20th as day one's because the president fired off so many executive orders. NRA accomplished so many promises shortly after inauguration. I don't Think that, that's not a good fact check. I don't think that doesn't count. But anyway, we're, we're approaching a hundred days one way or the other. It is good to see, so people know. So we can set the frame here. Alex used to work with and for me years ago now at The Daily Caller as the White House correspondent.


So you've, you've seen both sides of this question. I, I have actually, and I was thinking about that the other week. I mean, I've been in the briefing room and then on the other side out being brief, Caroline, our, our press secretary before those briefings. And it's much more enjoyable being on this side of things. Is it? Yeah. Than working for you. Thank you. Sorry I didn't let you finish your sentence. Thank you for that. It, it is a different thing, You know, it's like you do fight for scraps. I know if you're like a reporter, you're just fighting to get whatever you can. Here is the incoming kind of crazy. Like what is it like to be, to give you on the incoming of all these reporters? I, I so fortunately my, my role in sort of the comm shop I deal with less of incoming Yeah. And more of the outcoming. And from my point of view, it's just like, it's hard to get everything out that we're doing.


I mean, every single day all these cabinet agencies are making tons of announcements and You know, flooding the, like, You know, everyone likes to use the term flooding the zone. But, and we are. And so it's a fight for me to get the little things that I don't wanna get attention. For example, last week, I doubt you even know this, any of your listeners or viewers know this. We did final approvals for this copper mine in Arizona Resolution copper. It's gonna provide up to a quarter of the nation's copper needs. I mean that's like a big deal. Big And it barely got any tension because there's so much other stuff going on. Yeah. So like my day-to-day fight is working to get the good things we're doing. Attention is sort of my focus on it. And I've, you know, I have a to-do list to start today and most days I don't get to check off all of it 'cause there's a lot going on.


And then like you mentioned, things pop up, You know, people say stuff, things happen and we sort of have to, you know, deal with the response to it. One of my roles here is helping lead our great rapid response account. Yes. I love the rapid response account. I it's, it's awesome. But yeah, so for instance, like, here's one of the conversations we've had with the audience and just talking about this last week, is this guy in Venezuela, or sorry, who's in El Salvador right now, the MS 13 guy, You know, there's some people on the, on the right who are like, hey, this, this story is kind of a distraction from all these other important things that are happening in the Trump administration. Yes, true. It is in, in that, in that sense it's a distraction. But on the other hand, just as a political matter, I love, love rubbing the left's face in this because it is so cartoonish that they've gone all in on defending the rights of MS 13 people at the expense of American citizens.


So yeah, go ahead. Keep that story alive because it only re redos to the benefit of the president and the people who voted for him in the first place. Yeah, no, I I If they want to talk about Kmar Abrego Garcia every single day, I hope they do. You know, I should start actually getting on their mailing list, sending them some talking points to, to keep him in the news. Because today a friend of mine sent me a tweet from Senator Van Holland in 2017 during the first Trump administration. And he was like, You know, Mr. President, you need to focus on deporting MS 13 mem members not scholarship winners. It's like, oh yeah, okay. Senator Van Ho, we've deported an MS 13 gang member from your state. Where, where's, where's our applause for that? No. So if they want to talk about this guy, we'll talk about him. And the key thing is, and this is also why like you, I sort of, well I reject the distraction premise because it's, it's the news, it's what people are talking about.


Sure. It's what's being talked about in court. So it's not a frivolous issue. But also we're not gonna seed ground on this. You know, the majority of Americans support not just deporting people with a, an additional criminal record, but they support deporting anyone here who is here without legal status. Yes. So, You know, and they're, they're saying all these headlines mistakenly deported. The only mistake is that he was not deported earlier. Yes. That's the only mistake. The only mistake is that someone was able to come here and I believe 2012 and hang around and not get deported. Right. That is not how a country should operate. No, it shouldn't operate like that at all. And it's just cartoonish that they're still mounting it offensive. And four more Democrats are right there right now in El Salvador trying to say, we've gotta bring him home.


One of them said, today, I'm not coming home until he is released Now you're gonna be there for a long time. The one who Said that it was Congresswoman Maxine Dexter, I believe is her name, and she's I guess in a competition become the dumbest Maxine in Congress. And she had said in an initial statement that kil Mara Bgo Garcia is a legal US resident, which is just like, you know, cartoonishly wrong. Yes. And you know, obviously the press and you know, do the proper call outs of her, see how That works. No, that's true. They did not. Hey, So I like that too. The dumbest Maxine in Congress. She's got a long way to go. Yes. So when it comes to some of the other things that you feel like, okay, look, I've been trying to get this out there and not, not being talked about. I think it's big that We got more copper development. I like being in the world where, You know, under the Biden administration it was homes were being rated to steal copper pipes to sell here.


Now under the Trump administration, you're generating more copper love that also economic data looks like it is heading in the right direction. Deflation is a good thing for American consumers. And we have it right now. Consumer prices fell for the first time nearly three years in March. Core CPII think was at its lowest in four years. And then on the econ news front, you know, this morning Rochet, I think is how you pronounce it. It's like a Swiss, you know, makeup company? Yeah. Or not makeup, sorry, health. I'm wrong. Health company. Yeah. They announced a $60 billion investment in New Jersey. It's gonna create thousands of jobs. You know, the bike company in, in, in Indiana announced that they're breaking ground on the, the first first We don't make bikes here. They're like bizarre.


The things we don't make here. Yeah. So now we're gonna finally make the Indiana, so every single day we see new positive investment news. Where's the Louisville Slugger made nowadays? That's like a good question. Hope. It's, it's probably, I hope it's still Louisville. It's some, some Chinese town that phonetically pronounces Louisville. Yeah. I'd like, I'd like to make that in America, If you don't mind. That'd be good. That's, that's a great story. The other, the other story that, of course we talked about it with Christine Nome today and others is the border story is, is better than I expected it would be. It was, it's better than I expected it would. I mean it's, it's, it would be's it's, it's better than anyone could even have imagined. It's better than a fantasy. You know, a Stephen di at the Washington Times, this amazing story, catch and release is down 99.99%.


He did the exact, You know, calculation. But we have areas of the border. I mean, one, an anecdote I always like to bring up is a migrant shelter in San Diego closed because there are no migrants to be in the shelter. Right. And you, the Wall Street Journal has this amazing story this weekend about the border essentially being shot. And so like president since he gave his first speech in, I think it was June, 2015, coming down the golden escalator to present day, the animating issue, one of the animating issues of the Trump movement, the America first movement, whatever you wanna call it, has been secure in the border Yes. And border security. And we actually accomplished it in a hundred days. Like I, I don't think it's, it's not very often that there is a politician who makes lofty campaign promises or campaign ads, et cetera, and can actually do it in a hundred days.


Most don't even get it done in four years. Right. Or eight years. But a hundred days I think is pretty impressive. And I, I'd like to keep bragging about it. That's Cool. So on on the immigration story, I asked secretary no about mass Deportations. 'cause one of the things we hear a lot is, okay, good, I'm glad you're getting rid of criminal illegals. Like the people who go beyond, I mean, they're already, what again, to be really clear, if you're here illegally, you've committed a crime. But when people say criminal illegals, what they're saying is violent criminals who are also illegal aliens. But there's the basic category of just people who are here illegally who've broken our nation's laws. And the question that I get a lot is when are we gonna start seeing mass Deportations? And the answer the Secretary Noam just gave me was, well, look, I just started a 30 day clock. The president just did a couple days ago saying, you have a chance right now to register with the government and then to self deport.


And if that doesn't happen, well consequences will ensue. So it sounds like, and maybe you've got some perspective on this, it sounds like about a month from now we could see a lot more consequential action on these mass Deportations that the president ran on. Yeah. Look, I think on, on the deportation front, the ramping up, it's, it's a part of, it's also we need more resources from Congress. And that's part of the, the reconciliation fight, right. Is to get more funding for ice capabilities. One way of looking at it that I thought about yesterday was we're net decreasing amount of legal immigrants. So, You know, in a prior administration for like every 30, You know, new illegals you'd get, maybe you deport one, You know, now we're getting zero and You know, we're deporting. Yes. So I, I don't, I don't find I I I see criticism online.


I I I find it disingenuous just to the fact that like we are doing everything we can with the resources we have. We're asking Congress for more resources. Right. And we are certainly deporting a lot of people. Like it's not like we're not deporting people. Yeah. And the president has made clear, Tom Homan has made clear, Christine Ho has made clear like, we're gonna keep pumping up the numbers and they're making all these steps to do So. I mean, we even see self Deportations now using the CCB CBP one app. Yeah, Yeah. Well it speaks to what we're talking about, speaks to the very high expectations that people have of President Trump because he has delivered on, on so many of these really important promises. And they're so sick of what the left did when it was control, in control of government that they wanna see a dramatic course correction.


This is why you see with each passing day these conversations about, well, when are we gonna see the perp walks of all these government officials? When are people gonna be arrested? When are they gonna be charged? All of these things. And I think the answers that we're getting right now from the Trump Justice Department, for instance, are just, hold on. This is a deliberative process. We have to do things the right way, not the way it used to be done, which was the abusive and wrong way. Yeah. I can't speak to anything that Justice Department's doing, but everything is being done the right way. And one thing you and I were talking about before We got on air, when it comes to filling promises Yeah. My team's doing a project where we go back to the president's rallies and then we compare what he's actually done on them. And it's almost every single thing you talk about at the rally we've either done or are in progress of doing.


You know, one good example is the, the, the fentanyl tariffs on Canada and Mexico for allowing all this fentanyl to flood in and kill Americans. You know, when it got announced in these outlets, like the New York Times were like, oh, what's going on? What's he announcing? I went back, it is last rallying Grand Rapids. It was on I think 2:00 AM of election day. Yeah. The president said, well, I'm gonna tariff Canada and Mexico until they stop laying the fentanyl into our country. So, You know, we've either accomplished already what we said we're doing it, or we're in the progress of doing it. Yes. I do love that. One of the features of the Trump presidency is that he has to force people who hate him to consume every his every word. To be like, okay, what did he actually say about this subject? Which is always really funny because look, I, You know, you and I both know, the media went for years.


They straight up said, we're not showing his speeches on television Anymore. It's not they were, they were saying, we refuse to watch. They go, oh, we're, we're not gonna give him oxygen. And it's like, what are you talking about? He's the major party presidential candidate. He has the oxygen. Yeah. In fact, CNN and all these outlets were doing a disservice to their viewers by not showing his rallies. Yes, I know. Those same outlets are begging for oxygen at this White House. Oh yes, they are. Have you seen the ratings though, recently? It's, it's, it's nuts. I mean, the CNN numbers are not good. No, they're not good. No, they're not good. There's a way to change that. You know, you can just start telling the truth. Well Give VINCE a show maybe. Yeah. Gimme A show. I don't need a show on cnn. I got this. Hey, thank you very much. Yeah. Alex weer brother, always good to see the great Alex fight for principal deputy communications director right here at the Trump White House.


Yeah. Sometimes these guys have very long titles. Principal deputy communications director. I like. That was nice of, I I know he meant that as a compliment at the end. Maybe you can do a show on c and I thought about it for two seconds. I was like, wait a second, why would I wanna drop my ratings? CNN What? I think we're fine. I think we're fine with this great program and I appreciate you for always being here. Alex Pfeiffer. Isn't he great? I'd like to hear more from him in public. He's, he's good, but he's chipping away behind the scenes. In fact, the thing that he's very responsible for, you heard him kind of casually mention it in that interview. If you like the rapid response 47 account on X, this is where the White House is constantly posting these like really quick videos and great things that are going on.


That's Alex's team. Alex runs that. So he's doing a great job there. Mike, thanks again to the great Alex Pfeiffer for stopping by VINCE, the VINCE the podcast. So let me thank the sponsors who make this all possible.


Helix Sleep is one of them. I am so happy with my Helix mattress is it is an award-winning mattress. The brand, the whole brand is, and it's been an essential reason why I now wake up feeling so much better and I'm ready to take on each and every day. It's, I I, I can't emphasize enough how much Helix has changed my sleep. I had one of those kind of regular mattress store mattresses that I thought was great. I was, and I went through the whole process. I visited with the salesman and he was like, lie on this one, lie on this one, lie on this one. And I've ended up with a mattress and then I just thought I was doomed to have lousy sleep forever. I was like, well, maybe, maybe I'm not supposed to. You know, it is just my body. I can't do this. Nope. It was my mattress. I found out as soon as I had a Helix mattress. My wife and I are sleeping better than ever. And you can too. Visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE and you can get started. You know, a good night's sleep is one of the best ways that you can have a better quality of life. Helix Mattress can help you figure out which mattress will actually work best for you. And as you can tell, whether it's at the White House or anywhere else, I've got a pretty hectic schedule. And, and after a long day of work, I do look forward to lying down on the Helix Mattress. And also, I should point out Major, my dog also adores the Helix Mattress and we put a little blanket down for him at the end of the bed. He leaps up on only upon invitation though. He's very good. He doesn't leap up unless I give him the signal. Then he is up on the bed and he enjoys the Helix mattress too. You are gonna love it. And right now Helix is offering 20% off Sitewide. That's right. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE and you can get 20% off Sitewide. Once again, get 20% off Sitewide by visiting Helix sleep.com/ VINCE Love Helix. Truly do.


I also love Blackout Coffee. So we go from Helix, which helps you sleep well at night to blackout coffee, which helps jumpstart your day. Blackout coffee is amazing. In fact, I just messaged John this morning. I'm, I'm running low on my espresso roast. I've gotta get some more. And John is the owner of Blackout Coffee. He's the real deal. And he built blackout coffee from the ground up. He's refusing to compromise on quality or values at all. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackened Coffee has just been the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock because we love it. And you already know that this is a brand that stands for the right values. I drink my coffee black every day so I can taste the difference in coffee and blackout coffee. That's the stuff. And I've got it this morning. I've got it in my, my Jackson Hole, Wyoming mug. I love, I like when I travel, I collect these glazed coffee mugs to, to commemorate where I've been and, and blackout coffee's inside of it. How cool is that? Blackout Coffee. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE and you'll get 20% off your first order.


Speaking of major, he's arrived. Major is in the room. Major buddy, come here. Lemme see. Let's see if I can get the major cam up and running. There he is. Look at that. There's major major's stopping by Major Slept well last night. Major and is Helix Major. Loves the Helix Mattress Major. Did not take the Helix mattress quiz, but he adores it and he's stopping by up in the the Rumble chat right now. Those of you are listening on the podcast on our rumble stream rumble.com/ VINCE. As we're going live, there is a, there is a, a major emoji Justin developed for us. Justin asked me a couple weeks ago, he said, Hey, send me a photo of the dog.


And I was like, sure. So I did and sure enough, now we have, now we have a major emoji and it's going absolutely wild in the chat right now with, You know, 50,000 Patriots absolutely dialed in on the major emojis. Thank you guys. Anyway, major's doing great. Major. I wish he, I could've brought him with me to the White House yesterday. That would've been an a way to to, to really get some more interviews. I did see Caroline Levitt yesterday, the White House Press secretary and, and she was really nice. I thanked her again for helping us get President Trump on the show. If you haven't seen that yet, you can go back in our episodes. We had President Trump on the program And it was great. Caroline Levitt played a huge role in, in making that happen. So our thanks to Caroline there again, we were at the White House yesterday.


We did have a lot of conversations, including my next guest that I wanna share with you is Brian Hughes. He is a spokesman for the National Security Council with a fancy title, but again, he's a spokesman for the National Security Council. So we talked all things national security. Here's my chat with Brian Hughes. Alright, joining me now from the White House. Brian Hughes, the Deputy National Security Advisor here. Brian, nice to see you again. Good To see you again. How Sleepy have things been lately? It does feel like a boring place, doesn't it? Very boring. Lots of extra time to sleep and have fun. How, how are things on the national security front right now for the Trump administration? Well, as we see every day, president Trump only has one gear And it goes very, very fast.


So whether it's the work we do here at home or on America's behalf out in the rest of the world, the president's commitment level and the pace are, are, are serious. There's a lot of, a lot of important things happening in the world today. Yeah. And the president remains focused and we, the National Security Council are trying to implement his vision every day. The, one of the big items in the news right now is obviously the president's prosecuting well this war, this battle against the Houthis Yeah. In Yemen and all of those proxy fights against Iran. How is that going right now? Are things improving there or are they as kind of chaotic as they seem from the outside?


You know, the, the operation against the Houthis is, is massive and it's growing and it's very successful. We've taken out key leadership, we've degraded their capacity to attack in the international shipping lanes. There's certainly more work to do. But there's, there's no doubt that we've degraded. And as you note, the, You know, essentially the Houthis, Hezbollah, Hamas, these are all proxies of Iran. Yeah, they are, they are organizations that were like Iran itself on their back heels when Trump left office the first time. But Biden did so many things wrong that Iran was able to get his cash flow back up.


And Iran uses that cash to directly Yes. Fund attacks on us and our allies. How are negotiations with Iran going right now? You know, they're going, I think the president has made and continue to make a really important good faith effort. The President would rather, You know, get to a place at a negotiation table rather than the alternatives. But he's holding every option and hoping that Iran sees, sees that he is extremely serious about his commitment, that they'll never have a nuclear weapon, a nuclear weapon. Iran would so destabilize the Middle East beyond where it's been in under Biden, that it's just, it simply can't happen.


And the president's commitment is steadfast. But again, the president will always try to do that. Yeah. Through discussion. Yeah. And, and, and negotiation. But they should make no mistake about it that all options are on the table. So when you say all options, is that from carrot to stick, like in terms of like normalizing relationships with Iran all the way to going to war with Iran? Well, you know, the, the all options are all options. And you, you've, you've kind of identified the far ends of the spectrum. Yes. A a, a full normalization with Iran seems as, as hard to imagine as as war. Yes. I, I where we're living is in the middle space, and that's where I think it would be best solved.


But all options are all options because we simply cannot accept an a, an Iran with a nuclear weapon. The, the instability in their own government, right. Is both a good reason for them to be at the table, but also a good, a good indicator of why they cannot possess a nuclear weapon. They are, You know, a, a, a fanatic regime that has its own instability internally. Right. That would make that just untenable. Are we getting much support from Arab partners in the Middle East to try and navigate towards a piece here we Are. I I mean there's always a, a complicated, a complicated dance that our regional partners have to do there, but I think, I think our allies in the Middle East, the Emirates, the various other nations, I think they understand the same as we do that it's just, it, it would be too much of a destabilizing force to see them nuclear with a nuclear weapon.


So they're, they're certainly helping. I mean, we have partners like Oman and, and UAE that are, that are helping facilitate discussions. Yeah. So it's an important part, a part of what's happening now. Yeah. It's a big deal. I want to ask you about these, this signal stuff that keeps popping up in the news all the time. Yeah. My view is, it's a little, the nerve wracking component for me, the signal stuff. Yeah. Is power Unsecure are our own government systems that government officials feel like they've gotta use signal to communicate with one another. Is there, is there anything to read into that particular thing? Well, you don't have to imagine it, and I would, You know, I, I'd hate to say that the Biden administration got anything. Right. But you can look back to cisa, the, the folks that look at cybersecurity for the government.


Yeah. Cisa, during Biden in 2024 issued a report that really comprehensively looked at the threats, particularly in China, China and Iran Right. As it comes to cyber and to technology. So even the Biden administration had suggested to senior officials in that report, that encrypted end-to-end encrypted messaging Yep. Was better for public or senior officials. And, and they even introduced in that report that signal is a good option. Yeah. Again, what's most important to understand about it, and I think both my boss, national Security advisor, Mike Waltz and Secretary Hegseth of the, the OD have been trying to make sure this is understood.


No classified information has been put through signal. Right. Everyone universally understands and agrees that it's not a platform for classified. Yep. But as a, but as an encrypted end-to-end app, it, it, it works for unclassified material. In fact, many departments load signal, the signal we loaded on devices and in fact, the White House, I have a White House cell phone. Yep. And it has signal, the signal app added to it. So Signal is another tool in a communication toolbox. Yes. It is completely for unclassified. No one in the government in any of this, of this reporting has has, it's been shown.


No one is using it for classified information. Right. Also, isn't it, in some cases, up to some of the people who are on these communications, whether something is classified or not. In other words, if you're the Secretary of Defense, don't you have classification authority? Can't you make decisions about what's considered classified and what's not? Correct. And most of that is, is a function of, of timing. You know, when something starts the classification of it. Right. Dramatically changes. But, but we have, we have very good, very solid, secure systems. Yeah. And we use them every day in a variety of ways, but for unclassified material, there's a lot of different ways to communicate. Yes. And again, even since the Biden era signal has been one of those suggested as a good alternative for unclassified encryption, Tell me about whether or not that you're encountering internal resistance inside of the federal government for the efforts of the Trump administration.


Because, because like right now, just to give you an example, I know Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, has talked about how she's trying to do all these transparency initiatives that the president has asked of her. And yet she says she keeps finding that there are people who are resisting her efforts to give her information or have tried to hide information in places where they think no one will find them. What are you encountering? It's, it is rampant and it's been what, what President Trump talked about in his first term really came to understand the power of it in his first term, and then committed to changing the culture dramatically. And there is extreme resistance. The, the, You know, the swamp and the, the deep state as we talk about, there are deeply entrenched bureaucracies across our federal government that are, they've been here for decades.


Yeah. They have power bases that they are very hesitant to give up to elected officials. And they are absolutely petrified about the type of transparency and openness that President Trump is, is forcing on the government and the people that work for him. So what happens when you encounter that resistance? Like If you, If you identify someone who's slow walking things, how does the government, how do you handle that? Well, the first thing you have to do is confront it with force. Like expose it as you, you mentioned a great example, which is d and i Gabbard, he's very, very aggressive. And again, her, her, her wheelhouse in the, in the intel community is perhaps the most entrenched bureaucracy.


Yeah. They, they live in a veil of secrecy in some cases for good reason, but in some cases, just as a nature of this, this separate view they have of the world. So she's extremely aggressive and many of us are about exposing it. And the other thing you just have to do is, is put your head down. I mean, there are forces in this town that very much hate disruption. You've seen what they've done going after Elon Musk. You've seen them go after my boss, NSA Waltz Secretary, hegseth, You know, DNI, Gabbard, I mean, it it across the federal bureaucracy when President Trump's mandate is brought into departments and agencies, and that mandate is to shine the light.


Yes. Open it up, let people see what their government's doing, and hold government accountable. They are very much resistant. Does the president himself ever have to get involved in these disputes where there's like some sort of resistance and the, and an agency's trying to stop you guys from pursuing your agenda and he just shoves everything through? He really doesn't have to because he has empowered such a great group of leaders. When you look at his cabinet and senior leadership team, there is nobody on the sidelines quietly rooting for the old, the old guard. These are people who, who understand what the president's mission was as, as he gave them, which is get in, disrupt this, open it up, put it under, under the bright lights, and let's make this a government that is more responsible to the people.


Yeah. Who elected us. Okay. Finally, national security concerns. We talked about international ones. What about domestically? Obviously we're watching as MS 13 guys are being rounded up, ejected from the country. What does the domestic national security picture look like right now? Well, it's better today than it was just three, three months ago. I mean, it, what you look at what the president's done securing our border, You know, we had no idea, no vetting on millions and millions of people who came into this country. We have, for all intents and purposes, stopped that flow completely. And at the same time have an extremely aggressive campaign to get the worst of the worst out. When, You know, the, the, the designation of these transnational gangs as terror organizations has, is appropriate first and second.


It is, it is led us to getting extremely violent bad people out of our country. Yes, sir. So we are more secure than we've ever been, but we're also extremely vigilant and, and, and even more committed to that mission, which is keep the homeland safe. Listen, let's make no mistake about it. When you talk about foreign policy, the, the, the greatest tool in the world for peace Yeah. Is a strong and secure America at home. That's for sure. All right. Deputy National Security Advisor, Ryan News, good to see you, sir. Good to see you, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate that, Mike. Thanks to the National Security Advisor, deputy National Security Advisor, he is a spokesman there on, on, on behalf of the whole Trump administration of national security.


Brian Hughes did a great job kind of breaking down what they're dealing with inside of the administration and the, the problems that they're encountering inside of the administration. The people that, that are still creating havoc as a part of that deep state. They're in there and they have to be rooted out. No question. All right. So the question for you today on the Rumble Chat, those of you who are watching live, and If you're not watching live, let me know anywhere on my social media channels as well. Who would you like to see me interview going forward? We had a lot of great interviews at the White House this week. I do have a, a bunch of, You know, irons in the fire for some other big interviews. Secretary Rubio is gonna join us, the, the Secretary of State at some point. We'll have him soon. Tom Holman, the border c are also going to stop by.


I do want have an interview. I'd love to have an interview with people like Tulsi Gabbard and Steven Miller and RFK Jr. Of course. We'll try and have the president back. And I, and I think I've already told you before, the FBI director himself, cash Patel indicated to me late last year, we had a conversation. He said that he is gonna Come on at some point. So we, I'd, I'd love to get him in here in the near term maybe, maybe with some results in hand so he can talk to this audience. I'm sure he'll be very eager to do that. So if there are, are people that you would like me to speak with, put them, put them in the chat, put them on social media, let me know, and we will set about getting those interviews for you. Looking very much forward to continued conversations because look, the whole point of this exercise, the whole reason we do this together is to suss out the truth that's being kept from you every single day.


I'll leave you with this in terms of transparency. One more thing to share today, Reagan Reese, my White House correspondent over at the Daily Caller, she was inside the Oval Office yesterday as the president was once again opening the Oval Office to the press and doing a big event there. And she asked outright, Hey, when are we getting the rest of the Jeffrey Epstein files? Here is the President's response to that question. Take a look at this. He said, When can we expect the Epstein documents to released the Rest of them? Which documents the Epstein Files? I don't know. I'll speak to the Attorney general about that. I really don't know. I know that we've done, we've done the RFK, the Kennedy, Martin Luther King is out there very shortly.


So shortly we'll find out. But we've, and we've, we've really, really announced we're doing them in full transparency. You know, and we did JFK people were saying, oh, maybe it wasn't all, it was all, and people actually went up to the office and they looked at some things that were, You know, not really easily available. And they were amazed that we, we gave it all. And I don't know if it solved any problems for people. People still have questions one way or the other, But that they do. I'm not, but 100% of all of these documents are being delivered. Alright, so the president's saying, I'm gonna talk to the Attorney General Pam Bondy about that. A nice update.


Lots of people having questions. When are the Es Epstein files are all coming out? One of those Epstein tapes, all that blackmail. When are we gonna find out what's actually in there? The President saying, I'll check with, I'll check with the attorney General. Thank you for asking. And thank you for watching VINCE listening to VINCE. I'm always appreciative of you. The best damn audience in media. Thanks for being with me today.