
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Dan Bongino Show. Ladies and gentlemen, the waiting room is so packed right now in this live stream. I think we may be the largest livestream in the world right now, and the interview hasn't even started yet and it's not even at a regular time. Thank you everyone. I'm really appreciative that you all got here early. I know we usually go 11:00 AM Eastern every day, but we're just waiting on President Trump, but be here any minute. I wanna start a little bit early so we get everybody in. So when he comes in, you can catch him walking in. We've got a bunch of questions.


I took a lot of 'em from you in the audience here. They are right there. If you wanna sneak peek some of you, if you can pause the screen or screenshot, you'll see that. And obviously we're gonna ask some questions about the Secret Service. Things that are really personal and intimate to my heart. I'm very concerned about his safety as well. I wanna make sure you know the President Trump. I know a really, really good, decent guy who's portrayed by the media as some kind of a Skeletor like Heman villain. And that's not the guy I know. So we're gonna do a kind of an untraditional interview. I hope you all are cool with that. I took some of your question recommendations from you, my staff and everyone around.


We got some good stuff. I just got some administrative stuff to handle in the beginning. The sponsors keep the show free. I really appreciate your patience. Thank you all for hanging. President Trump will be here any minute he's leaving now. We're in New York. It's my hometown. I was born here. I'd love to tell you it looks a lot different than when I left. It doesn't outside of Louis Vuitton doing a nice little building in the background. You got Central Park over the shoulder. What a great


view today's show brought to you by Tax Network USA. Hey, I asked my friends at Tax Networks USA about this IRS Crack down. Everybody's been talking about their advice. If you owe back taxes, don't gamble with the IRS. It's a no win. That's why you need Tax and Network USA on your side. Their attorneys and expert negotiators employ aggressive strategies to help settle your IRS issues quickly and in your favor, even if you haven't filed in one, five or 10 years. What gives Tax Network USA the Edge, they're preferred, direct line to the IRS. They know the agents to talk to and who to avoid and they won't back down until they get the best settlement for you, which could save you thousands. That's how they help resolve over a billion in tax debt for people like you. So don't wait until the IRS closes in Give Tax Network USAA call it's free. Talk with one of their strategists and see how they can help you. Imagine putting this a nightmare behind you. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/dan. That's tn usa.com/dan


Today Show also brought you by Genus Sell. Wish those bags under my eyes would just go away. It sounds like you every morning. You're not alone. Bags and puffing this under the eyes or a problem for millions of American men and women until now. Introducing the new Genus Cell Skincare Serum with plant stem cell technology for under eye bags and puffiness. Susan wrote, I've been using genus cell for a couple of months. The puffiness around my eyes is gone. Even the crow's feet and small lines have disappeared. We don't want those crow's feet. I love your product. I use it under my eyes, around my cheekbones and on my eyelids. Sure you can have surgery to look younger, but why on earth would you do that? With it's instant effects, you'll see results. And the first 12 hours or your money back, I guarantee it. Order now, say big on Genus Sell's complete skincare package for a limited time. Order genu, including genus cell for bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects, all at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself completely risk free. Go to genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan. Order right now and get an extra discount at checkout and free shipping. Go to genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan.


Again, folks, appreciate your patience. Your sponsors keep the show free. Thank you very much.


Beams Dream Night. You have us all excited today. You having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired. The, Next Day. It's about the toll Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. but guess what? There's hope on the horizon. Beams Dream Powder. It's been a total game changer for me. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper. We're more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. It's a science back delicious hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. Other sleep aids cause The, Next, Day grogginess. but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI, Magnesium, altheine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's bestselling Dream powder beam's now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. That's BEAM And use code bonino at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor. And then we will get to President Trump as soon as he arrives. How many people we got in the chat room, by the way, Justin. How many people got 76? 1 76? Seriously. It's like the biggest dream we night. We haven't even started yet. Thank you guys. I love you all. You know that last monster today is lean. I lost a lot of weight. You may have noticed everyone's talking about this weight loss injections. 'cause the results are so dramatic, they help lower blood sugar and reduce appetite. What if you need to lose weight but you don't have the money for these expensive shots and you don't wanna take weekly shots? Brick House Nutrition created a supplement called Lean. I use it. The results are remarkable. The studied ingredients of lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar. Convert energy by burning body fat and curb appetite and cravings. Lean's not only for the diet with only a few pounds to lose the doctors at Brick House Nutrition created Lean for frustrated diners with 10 or more pounds to lose. So let's get you started with 15% off and free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit take lean LEA n.com and enter code Dan 15 for your discount as promo code dan15@takeleann.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. Not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Thank you Lean. Thank you everyone. Such a corrupt. It's so good to see you I. mean stand up. You are. That's good. Thank you man. Former president and soon to be hopefully next president. How you been? You feeling all right? We hope so. You've been busy. I've been busy. I really have. I've been, we've been doing a lot. Your show's going great, huh? Oh, How many people we got watching right now? Oh yeah. Move your mic a little closer, Mr. President. Just to be How many people we got watching 2 90, 200 90,000 people and the show just started so we'll, the biggest Live stream stream in the world. Yeah. Yeah. We just started. You're gonna have a lot more than that when this goes off, you watch. Yeah, we beat the NFL last night in livestream. You know that? Is that right? Yeah, We did. That's kidding. Crazy. You know why? 'cause the MAGA crowd are the most loyal people.


I've never seen a politic. You crowd is maga, right? Oh my gosh. Pretty much. Maga they're like super extra mag. They're like, you know, Elon had like the dark Maga, right? We're like the darkest maga. Oh yeah. We are like in How about Elon? How about him? Oh, we love you. I saw that rocket come in and, and that and he's campaigning now in Pennsylvania. He does. I love it. It's good to have successful people, right? Yeah. He's the sweetheart. So I, let's go. so I got a couple questions for you. I, I appreciate your time first Off. Okay. Yeah. The Secret Service, obviously a sensitive topic with me. Spent 12 years there. Protected Democrat and Republican president. Something really close to my heart. I know you've told the story quite, we all saw it.


I spoke to you The, Next Day. We had a conversation on the phone. It was amazing. Like you told the story almost like you weren't even there. It was so I couldn't believe how you came within inches of dying on television. There's no easy way to put it. And you just, I never seen anything like it. You get up in your first instinct, it's to scream, fight. And then you had said, which I know the people who surround you, they're really good people. The Secret Service. I've known him for a long time. But if we get you in the office, Mr. President, we need you safe. Can we commit today to some kind of commission or reform, the secret service. We can get some outside experts to make substantive reforms when you're in charge.


So the people I've met from Secret Service, and I know a lot of 'em, right? They're amazing. They're really good. They had a really bad day in Butler and I don't know whose fault that was. You know, I guess you go top level, but that building should have been covered, obviously. But if you look at what happened when those bullets started going off, they were on top of me really quickly. And they were, it's a miracle they weren't hit. Actually, I think the guy was sort of stunned. Something happened to him, something happened. The Secret service shooter was amazing 'cause he was very far away and he, you know, he, he spent one bullet when you think, but everybody I've met from the Secret Service has been so good, but they had a bad day.


There's no doubt about it. We're not allowed in this world to have a bad day, right? No, not, not in this one. This is too big. I think they did a good job the second time. Some people said you should have caught him the day before, or he should have never been there. But that was a great job that the other secret service, the second time when that guy was, I don't think so. I One of people. That guy was, I've done this. No, I understand. I understand it. They shouldn't a that guy should have been nowhere near you. Yeah. Yeah. I understand it both ways. The, the individual guy did an amazing job to see a barrel coming outta the bush. Oh, that guy. Yeah. Yeah. No, but to see a barrel was secret service guy. To see a barrel coming out of a bush was something pretty amazing.


But no, it's gotta be safe. Gotta be safe. Yeah. We need to reform that. It's, it's really important. I I, you Know, how was the report? The report came out yesterday. The report's devastating and it confirms a lot of things that I've said. Being an agent for over a decade of my life, Mr. President, they have this government attitude. This kind of segues nicely into another question I had. You, you're from the private sector, right? Okay. I I was giving an example. I was chatting, waiting for you, my audience to, to come down from your Fox interview and what you were doing. And I said, you're, you're a builder in New York, one of the toughest places in the world to build, you know that Yeah. You're dealing with bureaucrats, unions. Unions with conflicting interest. Right? How you got all this done? I don't even know, but you did you tell a guy, a guy, I need 15 floors of concrete in six months.


And he tells you, Hey, we came up 10 floors short. You're going with the new concrete company. And by the way, you're dealing with a lot of interest if you know what I mean, right. Especially the concrete in New York, you've been there. Right? Right. That doesn't happen in New York. I mean in the government. Excuse me. You were president of the United States. You have these failed agencies that, that blew it. The Secret service that did this whole, you know, yesterday's technology tomorrow we used to laugh with, they, they didn't have a drone. So when you get into office, say with someone like an Elon Musk, are, are you planning on some systemic wide review of the FBI Secret Service, these other entities and saying, listen, we're not doing it this way anymore. We're gonna produce results for the American people. Or you're all getting a boot. We're out. This is it. We're done. Well Dan, as you know, you have to have the best people and it's all about the people.


And I know nothing about, you know, very little about that. Although I've learned a lot over the last few weeks. It's amazing. You know, we had a, a rally in Butler's second rally. We had 107,000 people. It turned out amazing. And it's, it's been, and it's become a, a great site. I don't know if it's like a memorial site where cars are riding up and down the road honking their horn from all over the place. They're coming from all over the country. Yeah, I saw that. It's become like, what is it in Nevada where they have the site with the aliens, right. Area 50 flood. It's like, yeah. Area 51. Area 51. I think it's the largest butler. You have to see Butler. The the streets are just loaded with cars.


They ride up and down the side and they hunk. Yeah, it's, I dunno, it's cute. It's beautiful actually. But I know the Secret service. Well I know I didn't know the top person, but I know the people that work on my detail. They're very, you know, very good. You know, a lot of 'em Yeah. Know person and they're great people. Something went wrong and you can't let it go wrong. so I can tell you, you'd be somebody good to look into that you would be good. That was your business. Right? That was my business For one time. You would be good. But they gotta make, they gotta get it right. It's dangerous. I'll tell you what, being president is a dangerous profession. Oh yeah. When you think, okay, I mean forget about me, you look, it's one 10th of 1% die as a race car driver.


Right. Okay. So you take 1%, now you take one 10th of that, that's what die. And these guys are going around a track at 220 miles an hour. The bull riding to me looks like, you know, that's, that's not something I want to do. Right. And it's about the same one 10th, you know, they get killed. They get killed. It's not like it hasn't happened. JFK No, it happens. Oh, Reagan was shot. No, no, but when you Think about it, a lot of presidents have been shot and even assassinated relative to the, relative to the number. so I always say this is a dangerous business. I never thought of that when I ran, you know, you think everything's peachy dory, but it's a nasty business. One thing I would like to do is the first shooter, which they say was a miracle I mean, you know, it's lucky I, I moved to the right but if I didn't turn to the right over immigration, see I got saved over illegal immigration.


The chart, the chart, my all time favorite chart chart. But, but the first shooter had three apps and two of them they say were foreign based and they haven't opened those apps. And I wonder why the FBI hasn't done that. The second shooter had six, had six cell phones. Now who has six cell? Have you ever heard of anyone? I have two. But who has six cell phones? And you would Think that they'd want those opened and they haven't opened them and they can open them. And I guarantee they opened them for January 6th. All those guys got their cells opened. So why aren't they opening so I? I do ask that question.


Why isn't the FBI opening up those phones? Yeah. And they're foreign. It looks like they're foreign based. You never know. You know where these people are coming from. They may look innocent, like, you know, they're nice country boys, but they may not be. So I'd like to see 'em open that up and fast. Yeah. And we'll get down to the bottom of it. I Suspect there's probably some foreign connections there. And I candidly, I don't, I don't Trust it looks It doesn't it though. Yeah. I just don't trust the FBI president given their Experience with deal. I understand that. It's not like we're basing this off some hypothetical they've spied on your campaign. We have the names of the spies. I mean I've, I wrote three books on it. It's not, I I cited left wing sources in the books. Let me ask you, lemme Tell. They actually spied on my campaign and then they go after the people that went after the spies.


Right. And, and nobody, they spied on my campaign. And if you look, it was Biden and Obama and their group of people and the deep state, they wanted that forgotten as quick as possible, quickly as possible. The fake news media, they, they hate to cover it. And when you say they spider my campaign, they go, well, you know, no, they actually spi my campaign. We have it all. So we'll see. It's Leslie s Stallon Know though. So I don't at 60 Minutes. So it didn't happen. Happen. Yeah. Yeah. She's a very credible Source. Of course, Leslie. And you know, she never gave me an apology. And David muted. Give me, when I said crime is rampant, he said no crime has gone down. Right.


And he said the FBI told him, I said, well, the FBI, it's a, it's a fraudulent report because they didn't include the worst cities. You Saw the F fbi I correction. You Were right. They corrected. Yeah. Yeah. They had to say, oh yeah, there were 1,699 more. How do you miss a murder? They go, how do you, the guy's dead. That's right. How do you miss a murder? They go, let's include a few other cities. Like the worst cities. Right, right. No, it's very sad. What's happening with the FBI You ever say to yourself, gosh, my batting average with these media idiots is like a thousand like this Trump a thousand media losers. Zero I mean that, I gotta tell you, of all the media moments you've had, the one that infuriates me the most, it's actually a segment on my show is the Leslie Staller moment. Sir, sir, we can't verify you are the media you loser.


What do you mean you can't, your job is all you had to do was go to the FBI and ask, is this thing Real? And she knew it. She knew it. Look, it's, Hey, I, I think the worst scandal I've ever seen in broadcast history will maybe not be as much of a scandal that were Republican would've been over when they changed Kamala's answer. They didn't edit. Oh, they took her entire, which showed she was crazy. They took it out the entire paragraph. And it was a long lots of, they, they say word out. I don't like the term actually, but they say word out. It was just words like rambling words. Horrible. So they take it out and they put another statement that she made. Two pages later they insert it and nobody would've known the difference.


And they got caught. They got caught. Yeah. You've nailed ccb and I think it's the worst scandal. You know, it's one thing if they took even a sentence off. 'cause they do that with me all the time. 'cause I like to speak in long sentences, paragraphs. Right. And if they take a sentence out like in the middle, it really does screw it up. But, but think of this, they took the whole thing in and they replaced it with a totally unrelated a time and place. And they put it in and, and, and that's the only one that we caught. And we want them to release the tapes now. so I think I'm gonna sue them actually. Good. Go for it. I think so. No, you know what? They can't defend it.


And if they do, and even if they win, it's gonna be very embarrassing. 60 minutes. So I've done it many times. I did it with Mike Wallace. The best one I ever had was Mike Wallace. And he was the biggest killer. And you know, Chris tries to be Mike. But it, you just, you still have to have it. Yeah. He's not cutting it. He doesn't, He's not cutting It. But it's a very embarrassing moment for them. But the, the media's not pressing it. You would think the media would be pressing it. And I go a step further. It's so bad. They should lose their license and they should take 60 minutes off the air. This is like the $64,000 question many years ago. If you ever read the books on television, they caught somebody. They gave somebody the answers.


Right. And he was a very famous, they ended up giving him the answers and the whole thing that it was the biggest scandal maybe in television. But this is potentially because think of what they did. It's election interference. They gave her an answer. Right. It was worse than that. They took the answer out and put a new answer in Mr. President, I think you should call them 61 minutes from now on. 'cause they added an extra minute for Kamala. so I think it's a mistake to call 'em 60 minutes. You're giving them too much credit. So in public speeches, just refer to him. 61. They had an extra minute for a Ka Harris. But how about David Muir? Everything I said, right. Crime is down. Right.


No, everything I said, yeah, he questioned. There wasn't a thing. Every single thing I said he questioned and he was wrong. I think on every one of 'em, I'm pretty sure. But, and he never questioned her on what? And she talked about Charlottesville, she talked all things that have been, as they say, debunked another term I don't like. But it's, you know, a pretty accurate term. All totally debunked blood bath. They used the blood bath that was talking about the car industry. Right. Not, not talking about a bloodbath. He used the word blood bath. Right. You know, these people are sick. You gotta say though, they are good at what they do. You have to admire it. Yeah. Listen, If you're I mean they're sick. You know, you and I are New York kids, you know, I'm, I'm just a, just a slight tad bit younger.


But you remember 1980s times Square pre Giuliani. Yeah. You know, remember the foes, the fake Rolexes and then all the peep shows and stuff. I mean, some of the scammers were good. Remember the Shell game guys? That's right. Like, they were good. Like, so that's them. Like, if you're gonna be good at a scammer, you might as well be good at it. That's what 60 years is. The press is a big scam. They're amazing. It's terrible. It's, you know, I don't know that a country can come back if it has a fake press. It's hard. 'cause they're like the policemen, you know, they're like, they keep people honest. Right. But Democrats don't have to be honest. They really don't have to be honest because they're not gonna, they will never be accused of anything. That's interesting. I was so amazed that Harvey Weinstein got schlonged.


He got hit as hard as you can get hit because he was sort of the king of the walk. Right. And yet he got hit. And I figured that maybe he wouldn't get hit so hard. But boy did he get, you don't know him. Well, I don't know him. Well I, but I watched that and it was amazing. So when they do get hit, they get hit. But that's the only one I can think of. Normally they protect everybody. What they did with Adams, I think is very suspect. The mayor. How'd you bring that up Last night at, Well, I brought it up 'cause he was on the DA and Yeah, I think other people were bringing it up too. You think it's coincidental that he comes out with the immigration problem in New York City as the mayor here? No. And all of a sudden that the oj I predicted it. So he came out pretty strongly against the migrants taking over the city, which as a Mary should.


Right. And not getting paid. You know, they've spent $3 billion on migrants and the federal government's not there to, to pay it back. But he, he went against the party. I said, he will be indicted within six months. I know these people like deranged Jack Smith. This is a deranged individual. Do You see he's gonna release another manifesto. I mean is this the, this guy is absolute, Before the election, I've never seen anything like it. This is like tyranny. And the judge is allowing camera sickle Stuff And the judge is allowing him to do it. And it's not even believable. This guy is a sick puppy and they're gonna release something else. And always before the election, you know, they wanna do it before the election.


Yeah. Election interference. No, it's a terrible thing. What's happening? And the judges, this judge is the most evil person. I never see anything like it. She was jukin. They all said, well, make sure you don't get jukin. And who did I get that Kin. I got you. It's all right. It's a real prize. It's alright. Because you know it has to get approved by lots of different people. Yeah. But they said make sure you don't get shotgun. Well, I have nothing to do with it. So, you know, they supposedly pick, they pick balls. Right. It's not, I don't think it works that way, but that's what they say.


That's the way it's supposed to be. You pick out of a hat and that's a judge. But they said it was probably one name hat. Well, you don't want jukin, that's for sure. And you got jukin e Every, every ballot in a hat had jukin on it. That's what Well think of. What judge would do that? Forget about Der Jack Smith. Right. You know, judge is supposed to keep it a check. What judge would say, we're gonna release something, you know, a couple of days before the election, By the way. Which you have almost no ability to respond to. He could, he could be making this up. Everyone in our system is innocent till proven guilty. Not guilty till proven innocent. It's Disgraceful. It's a, it's an amazing thing. Well You know what, you know what the, the real ah, I got so much I wanted to, can I ask you a different Question? No, it's because it's hard to believe. Right? It is. It's hard to believe that even the CNN legal analyst, what's his name?


That Honney guy was like, this is really on pre, it's CNN, they don't even like it. Did he, Did he say that about this one? He Said it about three weeks ago. Oh. When Jack Smith released the first, you look it up. I'm pretty sure it was honing, but it was definitely on CNN. And he was, I think a federal prosecutor. And he said, I've never seen anything like this where the prosecutor gets to release an uncontested memo with unproven charges. Not in a courtroom, but basically a campaign document. Right. It was the most obscene thing. This again, CNN, which let's be honest, they hate your guts. And they're putting that on the, that's how bad this guy is. The legal analyst for cnn. He's the top guy, has been against all of this.


He said Trump did nothing wrong. I'm so amazed. I'm more impressed with that than anything else. C-N-N-C-N-N. But you know, 'cause you'd think they'd try and stop him. Yeah. He is one of the biggest guarders of the constitution. I mean, he really is. He's a great lawyer. He said, this is really unfair. But think of it right before the election. Now I don't even know what it says. This is made up by other people. It has nothing to do with me. And you don't even get a right to answer. It is, see, that's election interference right there. That's cheating on the election. How many stories have they told about you that are, so remember the, the, you, you beat up the Secret Service driver. Yeah. We used to laugh about that at my show because I know the people Were involved.


So that's now been proven to be false. That you tackled you like you gave him a triangle choke from the back of the car. You're a pretty talented guy. You must have A lot of people said, don't dispute that, sir. It makes you look very tough. And so, no, they say you took Out a couple. They say, I went to the man of the right who's a weightlifter and, and like 30 years old. And then the man of the right who's supposed to be a great karate expert took Right. I decided to go for him and i's got him around the neck. Use your skills. Right. Your boy kind skills. And this was a woman who I think the testimony is all now gone. So what happened to me, he's one of the greatest scandals. The unselect Committee of Political Hacks. Cheney, all these people. Yeah. Cheney is, you know, they say we have a Republican.


The Republican is Cheney and then they have kissing, crying. Yeah. He's always crying. I've never seen him When he not crying that crying All the time. At That time. They call him crying at him kissing. He cries every time. You know, he's so desperate. He see's a six puppy. Right. Those are the two Republicans. Okay. So they say the bipartisan committee. Right, right. They were much worse than any Democrat. The Democrats were nothing. So anyway, so the head of it, Benny Thompson. Yeah. The real beauty. He decided to destroy all evidence of the, of this year and a half trial. Everything is gone. The reason is because I was so innocent. And like as an example, this one case that I won't mention names.


The girl, the person that did that said that it's been totally unconfirmed. Right. It's been unconfirmed. The Secret service agent said, never happened. Never happened. I tell you, first of all, you wouldn't be able to do it in second. I worked with him in New York. Bob. Yeah, Bobby and I, he's great. He knows that didn't happen. Bobby's A tough cookie. Bobby's not gonna let somebody grab him. Yeah. He's You're not grabbing Bobby around That. You're right. That may be a great, like you took them all out. No, I have a friend that say, why are you fighting that? Let it be, it doesn't make any difference. Let it be You beat that crap out of, it's the coolest thing I've ever heard. Right. But I said, let's tell the truth. It never happened. I actually said, I'd love to go down.


Remember peacefully and patriotically. Do you know they don't mention that in any paper? No, never. The biggest, most important part. Peacefully and patriotically. They don't mention that in any paper, in any document, in anything. It's crazy. So anyway, so it was all disproven. They did, you know, they, they've destroyed all evidence. Right now you're supposed to go to jail. If you destroy evidence, even in a civil case, you go to jail. They destroyed, they announced. And we have decided to destroy all evidence having to do with the Unselect committee. I love the name Unselect because it's called the Select committee. Like it's, I call it the Unselect committee. Do you find it weird that the January 6th unselect committee, which I agree is unselect about 'em, do you find it weird?


They're not interested about why Kamala Harris was not at the Capitol on January 6th, but was at the D NNC when a pipe bomb was outside. Yeah. It's interesting. Why, why doesn't Kamala Harris, she's, they keep saying it's an insurrection. Why doesn't she tell that Story? It's a rigged deal. The whole thing is rigged. A hundred percent rigged If, if you get elected. And we hope that happens. Can, can you get an answer as to why She was there? I I do believe. I do believe. Look, this is really corrupt stuff. The other thing is, as you know, they really won in the Supreme Court. Okay. The Fisher case and the various cases. Why are they still being held? Nobody's ever been treated like this. Yeah. Nobody's ever, maybe the Japanese during Second World War, frankly. But, you know, they were held too.


But when you look at Portland and the damage they did and killed people, because other than nationally, nobody was killed here. Nobody was killed. And there were no guns involved. And these are all gun owners. You know, these are people that have guns, but they never went to the capitol with guns. Yeah. It it's really amazing. It's a very sad, I think it's a very sad day in the country's life. Yeah. But they, but here's the end of this. They destroyed and deleted all evidence. So now we're not gonna know what she said about how I beat the crap outta these two secret service agents. Right. I was so strong.


My arm just ripped around those big next 24 inch necks. Yeah. I ripped my arm around them and they didn't have a chance, you know. No, no. Dan, can you imagine that? No, I, I Know. But How do they, how did they delete it and destroy it? You're not allowed to do that. The Secret Service deleted the text from that day too. And they said it was a tech transfer. It was not. It's a lie. So if you get elected, I'm really hoping we can get to the bottom. We should talk about that. Can I ask you something else about a kind of a switching gears a minute. You know, the, the media paints you in this ridiculous, you've seen the caricatures. They're insane. You know, when I was going through cancer treatment at Sloan Kettering, I was going in for surgery and I had had a bad incident. And you called me that day from the White House. And I gotta tell you, I was really touched by the whole thing.


You are extremely loyal to your friends. And I, I say to people, you know why? 'cause he's a Queen's guy. And tell me if I'm right. Here's my theory, Donald Trump theory on Queens. Why you got the bravado and the machismo. Why the guys really like you and the bro podcast Queens guys. We never had the money of the Manhattan kids. So you don't have like the class, like of the Manhattan. You're not in like the upper crust of this fake cast system we have in New York. You know, it exists. Yeah. But we're never given the tough guy credit. The Brooklyn and the Bronx Kid. Bronx kids are, nobody wants to fight them. Just 'cause they say they're from Brooklyn. So when we're from Queens, we always gotta say it and do it. We just can't show up. And, oh, this guy's got money. He's from Central Park West or he's from Brooklyn. He's tough.


Hey, tell me I'm not right about Queens. Is that the Donald Trump that was? Well it's a great place to learn. A lot of very successful people came at it. Queens. Queens is, yeah. It's a place of successful people as you know. But so is Brooklyn. And maybe the Bronx too. A little bit different. Paula is From the Bronx, Huh? Paula? Yeah. A lovely Paula. Wow. She looks good, doesn't she? It's good beyond good. It's really, it's great. It's crazy being married to a 25-year-old. I know. It's just so weird. I know I'm doing well and yeah. And she has a lot to do with your success. Oh my gosh. I have seen over the years people married and having a great relationship and they're successful then it doesn't work out. They go to somebody else and they lose everything. You know, the man behind the woman and the woman behind the man is both, it works out both ways.


But I've seen many cases where somebody's successful and, but with somebody else, not successful at all. I see Your secret weapon. Melania Meni. She's secret weapon. The, by the way, she just did number one bestseller book. Did you see that? Yeah. Number one. She's number one on the list. New York Times list now to be number one for Trump. For Trump to be number one on the New York Times list is not even believable. Right. You know what? You have to go, she, she had to be number one by thousands of books. Okay. Because they're pretty tough on that. No, she's got the number one bestseller. Melania, Can I ask you a question about your business time in New York? Wallman Rink, for those of you who don't know at home, Wallman Rink is a ice skating rink.


The city couldn't fix it for whatever, 500 years because it's the city in New York. It was a train wreck. They come to you, they say Mr. Trump at the time weren't running for president or anything. You know, can you fix this mess? You got it done in record time. I don't even remember. Right. You have the rink. Well it was, it was closed for 11 years. My kids were getting older. They kept saying, Ivanka Daddy, can I go ice skating? I'm sorry darling. The rink is under construction after saying that for 11 years. Yeah. You know, for 11 years it's been under construction for 11 years. My darling, you're the most beautiful little ice skater. But there goes your career. 'cause Right. You have to start young.


And they were building, so they were building it for 11 years. They had spent just, you know, numbers that were unbelievable. They couldn't get it to work. They were building it wrong. They had the wrong pipe, they had the wrong system. They used a refrigeration company from Miami. Now you don't go to Miami for rink, you go to Canada. Right. I went to the Montreal Canadians, they came down, they were very nice. They came down, they said, this doesn't work. You have to use a brine system. Anyway, they were using a gas, they had the wrong everything. And you know, they'd pour this big 50,000 foot site in little tiny patches. Right. So it was all uneven. You never sort butcher job like this. so I took it over. So it was under construction for 11 years.


They got it done in two and a half months. Yeah. It was, I Remember it was a famous story in New York. I had cement trucks going the teamsters, I had cement trucks going from the rink back to Harlem, you know, along the Yeah. Park. Oh yeah. And I had 40, 50 trucks standing there all poured over a two day period at one time. You know, they were doing little chunks and then they wouldn't match. And then they tried to hook up pipes. The whole thing was the craziest thing. And the people from the Montreal Canadians came down and they said, oh, and you remember they kept stealing the copper pipe. You know, you'd put pipe in the concrete. Right. But every night they'd put the pipe in.


The pipe would be gone. The, Next, Day. The thieves. 'cause copper's very expensive. Yeah. And they said, no, you don't wanna use copper. You want to use hose and it has to have water in it. Warm water. And you have to put salt in the water that way. It doesn't, that's the whole thing. That was a big factor. You know, it's called brine. It's water and salt. So the salt doesn't let it freeze. Right. Yeah. And it was great. And we, we opened it and I ran it for many years. And De Blassio came along. And by the way, I hit him hard last night. Did you see that? Were you watching last night? No, I was traveling up. So they had the Alfred Smith Al Smith dinner last night. The big Catholic dinner in De Plaza. It, it was great.


The Cardinal was there. Everybody was there. Kamala Skipped out Every she Yeah, everybody was there. But her, I love your joke about Tampon and Tim by the way, that he didn't show up, but he's telling everyone he's There. That's right. Yeah. He's, he's telling war stories right now. We Had a lot of jokes. It, it's actually, you're supposed to be a comedian, at least for part of your speech. So you No, You were good. I liked that. You were pretty funny. It came out. It was a great evening. Let me, I I know you should On Time was de Blassio the worst mayor in history. You know, I think Dinkins was really bad. I think Dinkins was I mean. They called them Dinkins. Yeah. Dinkins was bad. Yeah. I mean, you and I have been through Koch, Dinkins, Beam, mayors of New York. You know who Was the best mayor? Oh, Giuliani by far.


I worked as a cop. Under Giuliani. I mean you went into Times Square under Giuliani. That's actually one of my questions. You're bad enough yet. New York City, you know, you and I lived through the Giuliani era. You go up, you get off the train station in Times Square, you get hit with seven hookers, 20 drug dealers and three card Monte guys left and right. Right. Giuliani gets elected. Mr. President, you know, as well as I do, you walk through Times Square, six months later, it's a totally different place. So when people tell me Donald Trump, who grew up in that New York and is committed to changing government can't fix things, it's, it's, it's too bad. I say bs. It was a thousand times worse than New York. And Giuliani turned it around like that. Well, It's getting bad.


I will say it's getting bad. Bad things are happening and the migrants are making it happen really bad. Because, you know, we have a hundred thousand migrants. Nobody has any idea how many And interesting the mayor said, you know, we, this is not sustainable. And I said, he'll be indicted. And he was indicted. They indicted him. This is a bad group, same group that we just talked about. And it's, let's see what happens. I mean, let's see what happens with it. But having a young Rudy at this moment, you know, a young Rudy, 'cause he did, he did a great job. You saw it. This city was a mess. This whole place was a mess. And within a couple of years it became the safest big city in the world.


Right. It was amazing. And it was great for business with You. He did a job. He's gotta be given credit for it. He, he did a great job. Well, the question from my audience, I got, I put out a poll. I said, give some questions for President Trump. I wanna hear what you all have to say. Personnel, your first term, you were new to politics. Right. Which was a benefit, but in a little way has it a little bit, has a downside. And that you don't know all the players. Right. You're a business guy. So people recommended you hires you had to get rid of a lot of people. A lot of 'em turned out to be turkeys. And they're concerned the second term that we may have that same problem. I've told them, I know your team. I know they get it. Now do you have, I'm not asking for any names. I don't want you, I wouldn't, I wouldn't dare. But do you have a set of people now, you know, you can trust who, and we get in 'cause we're not gonna have a lot of time in two years there could be a midterm issue.


That's right. We've got two years to clean this disaster up. You feel like you've got a roster like at, at teenagers? So when I first got elected, Dan, I was only, you probably heard me say this story, but I was there 17 times in Washington DC so I wasn't a Washington person. I knew really nobody there. And mostly 'cause I was building a hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue and a beautiful hotel that I sold to the Waldorf Astor. You know, I did. Yeah, yeah. Love that hotel. But I did a beautiful job. But it, that was mostly for that. so I was, I was essentially never in Washington. so I didn't know people. so I had a rely on people, you know, for big positions. I'm saying, Hey, do you know anybody that can be like this job and that job? And generally I got it very good.


We had Lighthizer, you know, trade. We had, we had a lot of good guys. But we also made some mistakes. Made mistakes at Attorney General. Made mistakes. I made some mistakes. And I don't really blame myself for it. You know, they were highly recommended by rhinos and they weren't the right people. They just weren't the right people. And there were some other positions who mostly I got it right. You know, nobody ever talks about the good. We had a lot of great people. Right. But we had some, some mistakes. And I say, But you fired them. I fired him. And here's what happens when I fire because I'm famous or whatever for whatever reason, when I fire them, immediately the book companies go to 'em and they say, oh, we'll give you a book if you say bad things about Trump.


Right. If Bush fired somebody, nobody cares. You know, if somebody else fired. But immediately when I fire, they go to and they write something or they say like, Bolton was a stiff, he was a dumb guy. Very stupid guy. But actually he came in handy 'cause he was a maniac. You know, he always wanted to go to war with people. Yeah. He wants to bomb everywhere. He wants to bomb mustache. so I just bring, he wouldn't talk because he was stupid. But what happened in, I'd bring him into a room with Putin. And Putin would say, oh shit, Trump wants to go to war. 'cause Bolton was with Bush and they, you know, think of it, they went into the Middle East, they bombed the hell out of the place and they left. You know, it's like they bombed this guy would, he would go, he wanted to bomb anything.


He's a nut job. But, but he was good for negotiating purposes. But then after a while, you, so you fire him. And when, whenever you fire people, generally if, if they have an option now with me, they have, most people don't care. It's like they get fired, but there's nobody to write about the boss. But if the boss is famous, they can maybe get a book deal. so I believe in firing people, for instance, in Afghanistan, Biden should have fired every general and every person involved in that botched job, moving the soldiers out first. Everything they did was wrong. It was graceful. They should have all been Fired. How do you leave the military base first in Bagram? First of all, they should have used Bagram. And then they dropped Bagram.


And China has Bagram right now. And it's an hour. I Was in Bagram. It's amazing. So it's They left it. Yeah, they left it. They didn't even tell the locals. They should, the locals showed up when there was nobody there. Yeah. My plan was, I was getting out but keeping Bagram because of China, because it's a narrow away from where they make their nuclear weapons. So anyway, that's where it is. That's the saddest story in maybe the most embarrassing story in the history of our country. That whole Afghanistan, we were getting out, but we were gonna get out with dignity and strength and we were gonna get out. It was gonna be great. We had to get out. It was two 20 years, 21 years. It was ridiculous. But we were gonna keep Bagram because of China. We didn't keep it. Can I ask you a hypothetical on that?


Say I I mean obviously we can't prove a counterfactual, but you're the president say that 2020 debacle doesn't happen and you're sitting there in the oval. I I agree. We had to get outta there. Do you say to them, the Taliban, here's the deal, brothers, we are leaving. But I'm telling you right now, you touch a hair on the head of one of our people, we are gonna reign. Hell five down. But I did say that we didn't have any soldier shot after I spoke with Abdul, the leader of the Taliban. Yeah. We didn't have any soldier. Not one soldier for 18 months was killed. And Biden actually admitted that at a speech shift a few years ago. He said, well, I have to say, no soldier's been killed. We were get, we were losing a lot of soldiers over there with Obama.


And I said that if you do it, I, I don't wanna say exactly what I said because it's not appropriate, but I said, you better not shoot our soldiers. We didn't have one soldier killed Dan. Yeah. In eight, think of it in 18 months. And then this horrible thing happened. They should have left from Bagram, number one, not for that base. And we, we lost 13 soldiers. Yeah. Many really badly hurt, you know, with the legs and the arms and the whole thing. We have Americans left behind, yet some very good people left behind too that maybe should, should have come with us. They had that airlift, which was terrible with people falling off the planes. It was so bad.


And we left behind $80 billion worth of equipment. Biden never recovered from that. Everybody saw what illusory was as that Biden is a grossly incompetent man. But here's the bad news. She's worse. Oh, she's horrible. She's more incompetent than Biden. Yeah. No, she's horrible. Can I ask you what Really? Hey, hey, Dan. Off the, I gotta get Going. Oh, I'm sorry. They're going crazy. All right Folks. I'm sorry. We gotta wrap it up with the president. You gotta, you gotta a little thing. All the campaign coming up. I do. And you gotta go win. I, I want Thank you for your time. I wanna thank you for my audience and really, oh, can I ask you one small favor? Yes. We're gonna do election night coverage and I wanna, do you know Franklin Graham Samaritan's purse? Yeah. so I wanna auction off a Donald Trump, signed Bonino baseball.


Good. And give it to Franklin Graham, would you be kind enough to sign it on camera? I would do it. And that way everybody knows it's real. I will do it. I would so deeply. I'm sorry to put you on the spot, Mr. President's. I just, I think we could raise a fortune for Franklin. Graham's nice. You like that? Someone made a listener. He's plenty of movement On it here. And we are gonna auction this off and everything. Franklin Graham Samaritan's purse coming your way. I know you like Franklin a lot. He doing a great job. He's doing an amazing job. I just wanna make sure everybody knows He's not doing a good job. Kamala, Kamala tell she's not doing a good job. The worst. You're right. Biden was better. They were better off with him there. It's, we are gonna raise a fortune for charity. 100% to charity. There. You see it folks. President Donald J. Trump Justin. Grab that Sharpie.


We appreciate it so much Mr. President. Thanks a lot. Best of luck in the, the campaign. Thank God bless you. Thank you very much.