
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know, thank you to the chat crew, to the groin crew and everyone else in This bonino army Rocking This bonino army shirt. Today. I saw Anita just put up in there. We are the news now and folks, we are, we are the news now. Even the lefties are recognizing it. I wake up this morning and I see this article someone sent to me from The Guardian, which is a pretty far left-leaning rag. The Guardian This isn, no conservative all. And the gist of it is that they mentioned This bonino army in there. Of course this show and, and it's the show's about you and us, Theo Vaughn, Joe Rogan, how they call it, the Rogan Sphere is basically taken over and they are, we are the news now.


But one of the reasons we the news on this show is because I always promise you, you will be weeks and months ahead of the news cycle. Did I not tell you the other day that the left was gonna reorganize quickly? Don't get too crazy. The cannibalism theory yes works. They're all still eating each other alive. You probably saw that Jenk thing with Alan Liman last night. Hope I get to it. But they're still sniping at each other, but they're reorganizing. And I told you the new narrative was gonna be Well, Donald Trump may have swept every swing state, kicked our ass in a popular vote and taken a few Senate seats with him, but he didn't get to 50%. It was 49.9 9 9 9 6 2 1.


I told you, and it's already here. Do you think they're going to you? They back off? No, they are getting ready to double down. Stay tuned. Big show for you today.


Hey, it's time for you to be awake, not woke. Start your day with the official coffee of This bonino army. Blackout Coffee. This is their ready to drink. Skip the Brew, which is adored by my crew, especially Justin who likes it a little too much. He loves to skip the brew, but the coffee's amazing too. Why they use premium grade coffee beans sometimes you drink a lot of woke coffee. Those, those beans, honestly, they're shit. They're terrible beans. This is premium grade coffee beans. Skip the long lines at the store and order online. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Stop drinking woke corporate junk coffee drink blackout. It is fantastic. Try the cinnamon french toast flavor. It is amazing. I got a lot of fe email feedback on that. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee, the official Coffee of This bonino army.


All right fellas, let's go. I told you that another BS liberal narrative, once they reorganized, which is starting, which is starting, they're starting now to like get it together a little bit. They're getting ready to pick a new DNC chairman. They're not gonna sit back for long. And you wanna know why it's obvious. This isn't like some Dan, Bonino, stiggy and witches moment folks. You have a lot of people with a lot of interest at stake. You've got green lobbyists who are getting billions of dollars from taxpayers for garbage. you know, cow farting projects that are never gonna work.


You think they're gonna let Trump dry that gravy train for themselves up without a fight? Hell no. They sit there, they lick their chops, they're up, and they're getting ready to fight again. But they need a narrative. You understand? They need a guiding narrative to tell the public why they're doing what they're doing. Why? Why? Again, it's obvious they got their asses kicked. It's kind of hard to go back to the public and say, Hey look, we have a popular mandate to steal your tax dollars and give 'em the cow farting projects when you just got your asses kicked in every single swing state. So they need a story. And what do I always tell you? The left is good at creating a story, but they're never good at telling you the story.


There's a difference. They'll tell you our story, but they will never tell you the story here is, so this, this I don't, I never really understood where this woman's coming from. She's a talking point queen. Here it is. Whenever you wanna see where the left is gonna go with a new talking point. I strongly encourage you to listen to Jessica Tarloff on the five. She, I know it's hard. She is the queen of talking points. I don't know who feeds 'em to her if she reads 'em in playbook in the morning, but you can always see the direction. The left wing focus group is gonna go. Here she is telling you exactly what I said. They were gonna say, oh, this wasn't a mandate. He didn't get 50.1% of the vote.


So none of this stuff really matters anymore. Watch, watch. Your boy was ahead of this. Check this out. Daroff. Yes. One thing though that I, and I'm not saying that, that there isn't a lot of work to do. 'cause there absolutely is for people who are talking about this, is if we got completely decimated, the numbers don't bear that out. So Trump didn't cross 50% of the popular vote, so the majority of Americans didn't vote for him. And Senate Democrats performed really well. So people like Ruben Gallego, Tammy Baldwin, Jackie Rosen in Nevada, they ran seven eight points ahead of Kamala Harris, which is what was predicted. And that does show that this normie coalition can't exist. It was that Trump had a special sauce at the top of the ticket for a lot of people.


Did, did do, did, did, did, did we not say it? Did we not say that the, it doesn't matter what Trump does, 2016, he wins the electoral college no good despite the fact that's how federalism works. No, no, no. He didn't win a popular vote. Trump wins a popular vote. He didn't win. Win the popular vote by enough. There is nothing this guy can do to convince these people on the left because they're not interested in evidence. You understand? If Trump would've won 51% of the popular vote, what do you think they would've said? Folks, folks in the chat, you know, you know, well, he didn't win like Reagan, he didn't win. 49 states, folks, this is a completely different country than it was in 1988 with monopolistic media control.


It's totally different right now. You have two divided factions and almost no middle anymore. It's a different country to win every single swing state and resoundingly win the popular vote. If you are not categorizing that as an electoral mandate for the MAGA vision of the country, then you're just an idiot. Or you are a hack. You pick. It's not just her. Here's Harry Anton on CNN, who you know, usually tells the truth and his numbers are accurate. I don't wanna knock his numbers, but again, they're cherry picking data here to make it seem that this electoral slaughter that just happened wasn't why Think behind the scenes.


Follow the money folks, always was the title of one of my books. There are people right now who have been benefiting and suckling at the Tet of government for the last four years under Biden. The gravy train is about to dry up. Green industries fabs. People who benefited from the Inflation Production Act. The Chips Act where you paid billion dollar companies your tax dollars to boost their stock price, it's all gonna dry up. You think they're gonna go down without a fight? They need a narrative. And the narrative is, Trump isn't that popular. It's time to start fighting back here. Watch this. His Popular vote. Victory ranks 44th at a 51.


That ain't exactly strong. Some might argue that is weak, weak, weak. In the words of Tony Blair. In fact, his popular vote win at this point is the weakest going all the way back. You have to go all the way back to 2000 to find a weaker one, a smaller popular vote victory than Donald Trump currently has. I told you that's what's gonna happen. They're gonna get. Now, keep in mind, when Barack Obama won a similar victory, it was the greatest electoral mandate ever. I warned you about this stuff again, they're gonna continue to move the goalpost. If they mysteriously found a million new votes, Democrat staff Donald Trump, and he did win 51% of the vote, I promise you they'd move the metric again and say, well, Barack Obama got 51.11.


It doesn't matter. What's the lesson for you here going forward? There are powerful forces with a lot of money working against you to move the MAGA agenda and flush it down the toilet. We're not gonna let it happen. The mandate is real. You showed up, you brought 10 people, and who's chiming in now too? You see how when the left puts their little like tentacles out there with a narrative, everybody scoops it up like an octopus. Everybody takes it and runs with it. Tarof, CNN. Oh look, here's Alexander Soros. Soros is kid. It is not a powerful mandate and the numbers are important. This was a close election, not a surprise, it was not a close election, dude, the election was over.


If you knew what you were talking about. By nine o'clock that night, he got his ass kicked, or she got her ass kicked in this thing. Period. Trump wiped out the Democrats nearly everywhere. And if it wasn't for California scamming and all this other stuff with their counting votes, the Arizona and California, 700 days after the election, this would've been an even more resounding house victory. And by the way, one thing the left isn't telling you, the only reason the house is even close is because scamming in California, endless vote counting in these districts and also Because. they gerrymandered a couple states everywhere from Alabama to New York, and then they complain about it when the same thing happens in a Republican state.


That's the only reason they're even close. Don't believe the BS folks. The mandate is real. And in more bad news from the Democrats, look at this tweet here about this polling data, folks. This does not look good for them going forward. Puck News, which again, it's some like far right leaning outlet, a bracing new poll for Democrats. Voters approve of the Trump transition. Yes, GOP is now more popular than the Democrat party. Yes, most Democrats wanna move past Kamala. I actually think that's a bad thing. I think you should nominate Kamala again. She was a wonderful candidate. Best I've ever seen. Oh, look, Kamala, Hillary, Kamala, Hillary, I gee said it right. Let's go Kamala. Hillary 2028.


Gee, I am all in. Michael's gonna get the pack going today. Kamala Hillary Pack. We're all gonna make donations to run ads to get them to run again. Oh, here's another one. Podcast boosted Donald Trump. Donald Trump at the end did about five or six podcasts. He did the O Vaughn. He did Joe Rogan, he did me, my show. Aiden Ross and the Undertaker in the wrestling show. And maybe one or two more. And you know what? He won. Why? Because we're only 11 minutes and two seconds into the show and there's 128,000 people rising by hundreds by the second here. We're talking to a major football stadium every day. And millions on demand here.


This last part's important too. Puck news. Only 12% of voters pay for news. you know, I get this a lot. They say, Dan, a lot of people in the business have asked me to go behind a paywall fully behind a paywall. In other words, you'd have to pay to get my content. Listen, I will. There's always gonna be some stuff there. And it's extra stuff I do for the hardcore P ones. I have my locals and others. But this show, this show, The Dan, Bongino Show, this weekday podcast is gonna be free. Why? Because folks, one out, only one out of 10 people is really willing to pay. Those are like the hardcore P ones.


If you're a business person, And, I, And I, appreciate that. But this show is gonna stay free and that's why we're reaching, you know, now a 130,000 people. And they're not folks, there's Anita posted this morning. We are the news now. And don't you forget it. 'cause Cutesy time is over and we led the way. And a lot of people are recognizing that folks Cutesy time is over. I'll say again today, on Wednesday, people are policy and it is time for us because we are the news to double down on the MAGA agenda. Don't believe the left wing bullshit. Oh my gosh, you guys didn't really have a mandate. If you believe that, I'm serious, listen to me right now.


You're a freaking buil. You cannot read tea leaves and you're just gonna get smoked again. You wanna keep it up with the transgender bathroom stuff. You wanna keep it up with the porn in schools and the open border stuff and all the weak, you know, foreign policy stuff and all this other, you know, weakness on the national stage. You go right ahead, but you're gonna get your ass handed to you again in the next election. Cutesy time is over. The cultural shift is happening. Folks, how many of you in the chat followed Andrew Breitbart when he was still with us? Breitbart was I, I didn't know him. I don. I, I, I met him one time at CPAC in, gosh, 2010 maybe, I don't know.


2011. He was sitting there at a table talking to Ted Cruz and my campaign manager introduced me to him. He was not very nice guy. But if you knew Andrew Breitbart, the autonomously named Breitbart got.com site, Breitbart was a very insightful guy. Breitbart understood something before a lot of people did that. you can argue about politics all day, but if you don't change the culture, the American voter culture, the politics are irrelevant. You're just gonna keep voting for the same old idiots. In other words, if you don't change the way people think, it doesn't matter how they think about voting. Does that make sense? The cultural shift has to change. And there's been a culture of fear. I don't wanna get too deep 'cause I don't wanna bore you guys.


If I am and the chat say STFU, you know what that means? Say Dan, shut up, move on. There's been a culture of fear. And I know you felt it. It's about, it's gone on for decades, but it's been really intense for about the last 10 years. This culture of fear. I know you felt it. Where, and I'm not saying you didn't override it and flip the lefties, the double barrel middle finger, but there was a culture of fear about putting a MAGA hat on in public, especially in cities. There was this culture of fear, like, if I post online that a man can't be a woman, am I gonna get banned? I know you felt it. Again, I'm not saying you didn't, A lot of you just did the right thing. I mean, we've never wavered on this stuff.


That's why I, I was banned from YouTube. you know, they told me on YouTube, remember that email with that cocoa lady? You remember that key? They were like, you can't say masks don't work. So we went on the air the next day on YouTube and said, masks don't work. And they banned us from the platform. So listen, bonafides matter, we did it. But that fear culture is now. You are seeing it in record time completely evaporate. That's why the Trump dance thing is so important, folks, it's funny, it's silly. It's not a big deal what they're doing, but it is a big deal what they're doing. They're changing the culture of fear to a culture of pride.


Hey, we're on the right side of this and we're proud of it. I just want you to watch this. This is his soccer style. I don't follow soccer. So shamefully I don't really know this guy is, and maybe I should, but it's a best. I don't, yeah, good. I don't really, I don't follow soccer, but he looks like a pretty cool cat. And, I, love him even more. Now look up doing the Trump dance. I love this guy. What is his name? Pulsic. And sorry I Don't. If I don't know, I'll tell you. I'm not gonna bullshit you, but this guy, I love this guy. We're big fans. We're huge fans. Can you send us an autographed jersey? Would you mind? So if anybody knows this guy Pulsic, if you have an autographed jersey, we would, I'll pay for it. We'll put it up in the new studio. This, it's everywhere. The, the NFL.


What were they doing? They were kneeling with, remember Colin Kaepernick with the, the socks with the cops depicted as pigs. Now what is everybody doing now? They're doing the Trump dance. Black, white, Hispanic, Asian. It is beautiful to see, man, the culture is changing shockingly, it's even starting to change on Capitol Hill where, you know, the golden rule of of Republicans applies. What's the golden rule of Republicans on Capitol Hill? Anyone in the chat? Bring it. Don't sing it or sing it and bring it. What's the golden rule? Most Republicans on Capitol Hill are what? Who's gonna get it first?


Lemme look. Trump dances everywhere. Yeah, look at, oh, we got a Trump dance emoji. Who's gonna get it? Most Republicans, most are who Blair is. B-L-A-R-I-Z says they are. Yes, most Republicans on Capitol Hill are Democrats. However, no Democrats on Capitol Hill are really Republicans. You remember that golden rule. You will never be disappointed. But even there, the culture's starting to change. Don't get involved with the emotions with these people. You view every member of Congress like a spreadsheet, they do something that's a plus one. Excellent. Thumbs up. They do something that's a negative one. What do we do? We go out there and we call it out and we don't give a shit.


If you're a Republican or a Democrat, here's Speaker Johnson, there's something going on right now up on Capitol Hill. I need you guys 'cause I'm gonna keep you ahead of the news cycle, awesome. And be dramatic. This kind of in the news cycle. But Avita, I know you've been following this story too. There is a trans member of Congress who is a man. A man, okay? Is a man, is a man and is absolutely a man, okay? Like a, a biological man in every sense of the word. A man, you don't need the biological, the man, okay? What happened is now, because the left understands like the culture war in the past better than we did, they're trying to set a trap for Republicans.


Republicans, how are you gonna refer to this member of Congress? Congressman, the individual is a man. Now, typically members of Congress would freak out, oh my gosh, you're gonna ask me about masks, the covid vaccine. You're gonna ask me about men versus women? you know, I, I can't talk about that. The Wuhan Var. Oh my gosh, because they're really Democrats, but the culture is changing. Here's Speaker Johnson on the trap they're setting yesterday. 'cause he gave a little bit of like a wishy-washy answer and then I think he realized like, eh, it probably wasn't a, and then he came back to the microphone and this happened. Check this.


Hello Everybody. I just wanna make a statement for all of you here and be very clear. I was asked a question this morning at the leadership Gaggle And I rejected the premise because the answer is, is so obvious for anybody who doesn't know my well-established record on, on this issue. Let me be unequivocally clear. A man is a man and a woman is a woman and a man cannot become a woman. That said, I also believe that's what scripture teaches what I just said. But I also believe that we treat everybody with dignity. And so We can do and believe all those things at the same time. And, I wanted to make that clear for everybody because there's lots of questions, but that's where I stand. I've stood there my whole life and those are facts, Folks.


This, none of this is hard. None of this is hard. What he just said there is correct. You're tell me your name is Sarah. That's your name. Don't ask me to call you a woman. You're not a woman, you're a man. And I'm not gonna do that. And I'm not gonna address you as a woman. You wanna call. I don't care what you go, that's fine. I don't make anybody feel bad. You got, you got your thing, I got my thing. You do. You do not. And there were under. There's no circumstance. I am gonna call you a woman. You are not. You are asking me to believe something and tell my audience something. That is not true. It is not true in any way, in any way from the DNA upward.


It's not happening on this show. Finally, you're seeing the culture change. He just said it, right? Can you imagine in the nineties playing this video, people be scratching their heads like, what the hell are they even talking about? It was so obvious. They're setting a trap every single day there's gonna be a new thing about bathrooms. How do you address this individual? It's really simple. You put it to bed from the start, just like that. Of course, Nancy, Nancy Mace introduced a piece of legislation that men will use the men's room and women in the women's room. Again, why this is controversial, I don't know.


I don't know. You have the equipment, you go in that room, you don't have that equipment, have different equipment. You go in is hard. And because Nancy Mac happens to be a woman, you would think they would support her defending women the right to privacy in own own bathrooms. Oh no. Oh no, they're attacking Nancy Mace. you know what? Let me play that video quick so I don't get to that. I'll take it. I know I'm running a little behind, but this is important. Here's Nancy Mace on what's going on with this bill to keep the trans member of Congress in the bathrooms where they belong and with men and women, with women. Honor, this is hard, folks, watch this. The question is with your piece of legislation about banning women from using a hundred percent yes.


My question to you is, And it doesn't go far enough, I'll be filing more Bills. You have said that it was created in response to, to congresswoman elect cro. Absolutely, A hundred percent. And it it, but Should legislation be created targeted at one specific person? It doesn't, it doesn't mention anyone in the legislation. But I Said it, it was aimed at her. No, I have said it's a result of this. I'm not gonna allow biological men into women's private spaces. I will stand in the brink and stand in the way of anyone on the radical left who thinks that it's okay for a penis to be in a women's locker room or a bathroom or a changing room. Hell no, I'm not gonna stand for it. Good for you. Again, if you've got a Don Women's bed was data martian data mart.


He's got the data, but he's definitely not a martian. I could if you post it here, I'm not sure that you wifi signal goes that far. Folks, this is not hard. This is not, you see how when you start to wave on this reminds me of an interview I did yesterday with Sean Davis on the radio. Sean Davis was talking about the bed wetters in the middle. How once they think they can scare you, you better call a man or woman. They'll keep pressuring you. Once you're clear on it, there's nothing left to say. I am not calling a woman a man or a man, a woman, period, under any circumstances. That's it. That's it. Don't tell. I'm not interested in your pronouns. I'm interested in how pronouns work. Tell me your name. Fine, whatever.


The culture's changing, man. This era of our truth and my truth is giving way to an era of the truth. And you should be proud to be a part of it. Alright folks, quick break. I'm gonna get back to the show and I'm gonna show you now how the Democrats like I told you they're reorganizing and they're doubling down on crazy. If you thought they were gonna change, you're


nuts. Hey, it's been a tough year for a lot of us impacted by emergencies. There've been some really nasty hurricanes. You've seen storms, there's emergencies all over the world. And the thing about emergencies is they happen typically without notice. Folks, you saw that with some of these hurricanes and floods where people didn't expect it. The last thing you want is you get an infection and the pharmacies either wiped out, closed or locked up and you're, you're in real trouble. Listen, I sadly, I per, you know, personal experience with this over the last few weeks, I told you I got bit by something true story And I had this, my hand looked like a damn boxing G Club. You imagine where I'd be without antibiotics. Go get yourself a JCE case today, JASE. Go to jce.com, enter code button Gino at checkout for a discount on your order. The jce case is a personalized emergency kit that contains essential antibiotics and medications you should have on hand anytime, but especially during emergencies and disasters from antibiotics to EpiPens and more. JCE will provide a kit of essentials. You need all it takes to get a jce cases to visit jce.com. You fill out a simple online form, review the terms, and as soon as Jce Medical as a physician evaluate your request, the JCE case could be on its way to you. Go to jce.com, enter code bonino at checkout for a discount on your order. That's promo code B-O-N-G-I-N-O bonino promo code bonino@jce.com. JASE. Jce medical and products are not intended as a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice, consult with your healthcare provider. Thank you Jace.


Folks, the culture is changing. You're seeing it right now. The days of my truth and our truth are coming to an end, but it is time for us to all double down. What you saw happen there with Speaker Johnson has to happen with every member of Congress moving forward. You've got soccer players doing the dance NFL players doing the dance. The thing about the culture changing is we gotta reach that tipping point. It requires us not to get complacent. Some of you may fairly enough be saying, damn, we just won the election a couple weeks ago. Can we take a break? Ladies and gentlemen, I'm really sorry to tell you this, but we can't, we can't, we don't have time. It is time to push forward with the nominees, with the culture change and everything because they're gonna lose their minds.


I want you to watch this. Jennifer Rubin, this is quick. Jennifer Rubin is a lunatic who writes over at the Washington Post, was a podcast again. Do you think there's gonna be a moment of self-reflection? They're already telling themselves there's no mandate. Trump basically won by accident. They're implying it at least, and now they're getting ready to double down on crazy again. Here she is. She wants to be pithy and short about what Republicans really stand for and oh, she is. Check this out. You have to be pithy. What do I mean by pithy? How about this? Republicans wanna kill your kids. It's actually true. This you, if there's a human being on planet earth outside of Scaramucci that Trump broke, it's Jennifer Rubin.


That's probably the craziest thing you're gonna hear all year. But Jennifer Rubin actually believes it. And I. I I I play it as a corrective so that we're now, you know, two plus weeks past the election. I wanna ensure that no one gets cocky and thinks, oh, you know, they're just gonna, you know, all dance off into the night and go away the liberals and leave us alone. They will not. We're winning. We're in one of those back and forth battles where, you know, both sides kind of think they lost one point, but we kept going. They're gonna get their breath. They're already doing it here. This is the crazy. Now you're, I I I told you a couple weeks ago after the election win that you were gonna see a schism on the left.


You were gonna see people like Jenk from the Young Turks who was on my show. Very liberal guy, very popular podcast who, if you follow him on Twitter like I've been following, you can see he's trying to tell his fellow Democrats, you guys are crazy. We're losing it right now. But that, that's the one wing of the party that realized they've got a problem. But I warned you that the other wing of the party, the crazies we're not only gonna get not less crazy, sorry for the triple quadruple, double negative, but we're gonna get crazier. They were gonna double down and say like, Bernie, Sanders and a OC are, and they were gonna say something to the effect of, Hey man, we just weren't liberal enough. We just weren't, we need more porn in schools.


Here's Julie Rodinsky, another one who's like, seriously, like I I I I'm not, I remember her from Fox, some of the dumbest talking points you've ever heard in your life. Here she is on CNN, she's convinced, I want you to listen to this whole thing. 'cause they, they believe this, that the military is getting ready to come to round people up at gunpoint under the Trump era. Now when none of this happens, she will never apologize, but they actually believe this, this is the left wing crazy portion of the crazy party. Check this out. But If anybody comes for these people and tries to drag them out by force, there will be protests of people like me, American citizens who are going to stand there and do everything possible to prevent these women and children, which is all who these people are.


How about the criminals from being, how about the terrorists? How about the convict? But How do you sort, how do you know who This isn, how do you sort through? That's problem I don who? Stop, stop, stop, stop. I'm sorry. I live next to these people. I can tell you they are women and they are children. Are there terrorists among them? I don't know, but I can tell you that there and neither does the government this tell you this is why we have to figure this out. But lemme me talk, okay? But what I'm telling you right now, practically speaking is that there will be people, American citizens who will prevent these little kids from being dragged out of these shelters. There are, and what's going to happen to these people? What is going to happen to the military when the military opens fire on us? No. One sec. Do you understand how insane that is? This woman, she listen to me, I've I've met this woman before.


We're not friends. I'm telling you she believes this, that the United States military is gonna start opening fire on people. It doesn't matter how many times borders are Tom Holman. 'cause folks, listen, this just is the true show. It's not the bullshit show. I tell you the story, not our story. Deporting 12 million people at once, once is not logistically possible. It's not. There's just it. I I wish they weren't here illegally. Unfortunately they are. We have to prioritize the most dangerous people first. Holman's a diehard on the border, but he understands logistics wise that all of us I know. There, there you go. There's Scott Jennings. Like, I can't believe I gotta sit on the panel with this buil that is, that's all of America right now.


It's certainly This, bonino army. Maybe we should create an emoji that is, that's all of America. They believe this man, they absolute, I promise you she believes this, that the American military is gonna come in there. Holman has said repeatedly, we are going to prioritize the murderers, the rapists, the drug dealers and then we're gonna try, we're going to do our best to get everyone here illegally out. You're not gonna get every pre, they're still coming in. No matter how secure your border, you're still gonna have some people who sneak in. It doesn't matter. Julie. They're putting and, and, and the reason I put that out there is the far lefty crazy people listen to this so you can expect them to keep up the nonsense and the craziness if you thought they were gonna back off, you're outta your mind.


Listen, This, bonino army is strong. Folks, I'm gonna take a quick break here, but I want to thank you again. I know I thank you a lot. We're number two yesterday. We lost out to the space launch on a live stream. So, but it was still an impressive showing. I appreciate it. But I've been getting a lot of calls from a lot of people. I'm obviously not gonna say who, but this, this has happened. And I. Wanna make sure you hear it. You listening. A lot of people who are going into the Trump administration are expected to are really grateful for one, your support, your support of President Trump, your votes. And they're really grateful that you're pushing for them. They are really grateful. I mean really grateful.


They know what you guys mean and matter and they know you guys matter. So I deeply appreciate it and so do they. Having said that, I think the tide is turning. You're making a difference. And, I. Think some of these senators are getting a message. Last break and I'll show you what I mean. I'm gonna play a clip. This is crazy by Lindsey Graham, who's not really known as like the most diehard conservative guy, but folks, he has a vote and he does run a very moderate wing of the Republican party. So it EC clip's important. It's important for us to be in the know


lumen. It's one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device. It measures your metabolism through your breath and on the app it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workouts, sleep and stress management. I use it every morning. How does it work? You just breathe into lumen first thing in the morning. It analyzes your metabolism and indicates whether you're burning fat or carbs. That's important 'cause based on these insights, lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for the day. Can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to get real time updates on your body's metabolic state. Keeping you on top of your wellness game. I've been using it. Love it. Thanks to Lumen for sending a product over. It helps me understand my metabolism better and make smarter daily choices. So if you wanna stay on track with helping your health this holiday season, go to lumen.me LUME n.me/bonino lumen.me/bonino. Get 15% off your lumen. L-U-M-E-N lumen.me/bonino for 15% off your purchase. Lumen makes a great gift to statements of products are not been evaluated by the fda. Not to diagnose Tree Cure. Prevent any disease or condition. Thank you Lumen.


And our last sponsor today.


My pillow. So a large retail store just canceled a huge order leaving MyPillow with a ton of extra my pillows. It's a bad thing, right? They're gonna make it your gain. Why? Because the first time ever you get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488. But it gets even better for a limited time. They're gonna offer their entire classic collection or wholesale prices. Get queen size my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar more. Get the body pillows for 29 88 and multi-Use my pillows for only 9 88. Go to mypillow.com. Use promo code Dan or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 to take advantage of wholesale pricing for the first time ever and receive free shipping on orders over $75. Also orders placed between now and December 25th will have their 60 day money back guarantee extended through March 1st, 2025. Limited quantities at this price limit's gonna be 10. Once they're gone, they're gone. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code. Dan once again, that's mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan to get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest price ever. Check 'em out.


Okay folks, your wake up calls to certain members of Congress on the Senate side have been working. You've been letting 'em know you matter. This, bonino army is strong and growing here is Lindsey Graham, obviously not a diehard member of the Tea Party MAGA movement, but here he is on gates and as I keep saying, don't get him. I know a lot of you in the chat, Dan, we don't I get it. I get it. We're not looking to date the guy. We need a plus one right now. What's the plus one? His vote on gates. That's what we need. We need it. It's not an option. We need it. We can't lose anybody. We've already got an issue with these confirmation numbers.


Okay, here's Graham on gates. And this is at least a positive sign. A plus one for now. Check this out. Nobody Should be disqualified because of a media report. It is an investigation investigated by the department who wants to leave bipartisan ethics investigation And they didn't proceed forward. It's a positive sign. It's a positive sign. I'm not telling you we're not gonna keep our eyes on it because we're going to, but folks, what's happening? The gates right now, Matt Gaetz, who is Trump's nominee for Attorney General is straight up bullshit man. It's just bullshit.


I'm sorry. Look at the daughtry. Eric Daughtry, who we love has a really great tweet on us. You think Matt Gaetz is the only member of Congress who's been the subject to some investigation and no charges were ever filed in this case. Marjorie Taylor Green just said, if Gates's ethics report is released, so should every other damning government file. What about the Epstein tapes? What about ethics reports on other members? What about sexual harassment claims, folks? I that you want, you know, you want a priest go to church. You want people who are gonna do conservative stuff then get the most conservative guy. He says, if we're gonna dance, let's all dance in the sunlight. I'll make sure we do. Yeah, let's do it.


You wanna, you you wanna target gates fine, target gates. But let's see what everybody else has too. Folks. We need this vote. We need this vote badly. We've got to get this guy in here. And by the way, here's another one. I love this from Daughtry breaking hacker obtains, transcripts of testimony damaging to Matt Gates, New York Times. Where am I going with this? A hacker. Oh. yeah, sure. You're telling me this wasn't another inside job. This was a hacker. If you believe this folks, I got a bridge over there in Palm City, the adjoining neighborhood. I'll sell you on the cheap. There is zero chance this was a hacker.


Zero chance. Someone's releasing damning testimony for a reason. We need more balls up on Capitol Hill. Push ahead foot on the gas pedal. There's no time for halfway nonsense. It's time to go for it. We've got a two year window, not four. It's a four year to I. get it. The midterms are gonna be tough. We've got two years, we need more of this stuff. Check this out. This is Eli Crane. Eli Crane's a great congressman. He's looking into the secret service, the breakdown in the security failure. Here's Eli Crane. He's given a speech up on Capitol Hill about basically a concealed carry, the second amendment.


And of course some lady comes in there and tries to interrupt him. This is exactly the kind of attitude we need going forward. I love this clip. Check this out. And this is just beautiful watching this heckler and protestor over here. Who doesn't want to hear our argument? She just wants to be loud and annoying. Well congratulations ma'am. You have been 100%. I don't need to be loud effective. Yeah, no, you don't want to hear our argument so you just sit here and run your mouth. You're allowed, you just run your mouth. you know you're allowed running my mouth. Yeah, yeah, you are. No, we're we're actually, we're actually talking to the American people here. And. I'm in. Thank you. Yeah, so am I. So maybe you should read the Constitution because read it.


Maybe you should. Yeah, I have read it. I've been behind and we have, we have a right to bear and keep arms and You. Don't wanna see that continue anymore. Second amendment. I love me Crane. I only play that because that's the attitude going forward folks. No more bullshit. No more halfway nonsense. It is time for us to floor the gas pedal the swampy have told us for years. Nominate a Mitt Romney, give us a Jeff Flake and Adam Kinzinger and everything will be okay. And it wasn't. And it wasn't. We failed. We have now changed the coalition of the Republican party going forward. And you did it and we did it 'cause we've acted with some balls full steam ahead.


Panino Army. I need your, I need your help here too. Been asking for a couple days turd, by the way, huge hat tip to Ka turd who's been helping us out with K Patel. And lemme let me just address, address something up front. A few people have reached out fairly enough and said, Hey Dan, why are we pushing this now? Christopher Ray, the current failed FBI director's term goes through, what is it, 2027 Trump can fire Christopher Ray just like he fired Comey. I, I'm not, I don't mean to sound like an asshole. I'm sorry. I'm not sure, but I I'm not sure if the people emailing me know that Trump is not obligated to keep Christopher Ray and the rumor mill from very serious people Is that Christopher Ray, the current FBI director who's a failed, I mean failed almost as bad as Comey is gonna leave.


We've gotta have a guy ready to go and it should be public right away. I'm telling you, that guy is Cash Patel with every fiber of my DNA cash is the guy cash knows where the bodies are buried. He was a major figure in breaking up the Spygate operation and exposing the Russian collusion hoax. And my opinion, he's the only guy for the job. We need cash. Patel I don't know when that announcement's gonna come out. It's obviously Donald Trump's choice folks, the team really loves you guys. The Trump team, they really appreciate your support, your voice matters. And I'm sure on social media it does make a difference.


Cash is the guy, I want you to play this clip again from him on the Sean Ryan show, another terrific podcast talking about FBI spying. I told you yesterday how cash gets it that the FBI took too big of a footprint in intelligence and forgot their criminal role. Now he, here he is on spying. This is his own words. This guy absolutely gets it. We don't get this guy and we get, you know, an a a an establishment hack. You're gonna get more Christopher Ray Comey stuff. Watch this. Chris Ray was caught last year illegally using 7 0 2 collection methods against Americans. 274,000 times two, 274,000 times.


It's not my number, it's in the report that they wrote. The FIA court wrote it and then the FISA court and there was this big fight about 7 0 2 reauthorization. I know it might not be appealing to your audience, but it was a big fight this, this year to say, we want Pfizer reform and FI did need reform. We exposed it and we gave you a bunch of reforms during Russiagate and it never got implemented. So because the budget of FISA was up this, this cycle, we demanded Congress fix it. And do you know what the majority in, in the house where the Republicans did? They bent the knee, they reau it. Why? Why I don Dunno, ask them.


And they said, oh no, we're just doing it for another year. We're just gonna kick the can down the road. I'm like, okay. So the, the, the other year you're doing it for is an election year. We showed you how they abused FISA once already. And then now you know about Chris Ray and all these other FIA abuses, but you trust the director of the FBI, this guy Chris Ray who went before you and said, no, no, don't worry. We fixed everything. We're good. And they gave him more spy powers. I can't answer that one. And, I couldn't. I couldn't get on board with that, that legislative fix. Listen, it, it, it's rare for me to make such a passionate appeal to you guys about, about a nominee, folks.


This is the guy, if we f up the FBI director, spot Ray is gonna be gone. He, there's no way he's staying. He's gonna be fired. He is gonna leave cash has so many people so scared on the inside that if you believe in me at all and what I'm telling you and you remember my golden rule. Measure the effectiveness of a nominee or a policy by the reaction of your political enemies. They are melting down over cash. Now I have to warn you about something. Turn it up, turn it up. This is really important.


There are people out there on X right now, the world's most powerful news platform, no question about it. They are anonymous accounts anonymous in that you don't know their real names. They have some picture up and then it says like whatever, X-Men or whatever it may be. I'm not even gonna say their names, but if you're following on Twitter, you know who they are. I promise you. These are plants. They are either left wing or deep state plant accounts who are trying to sabotage people like Flynn. People like Patel. Why do you think they're doing that? I give you a simple test.


If, if you are on Twitter, you know what I'm talking about. Ignore these people. They are lying to you. They are working against you. And for the deep state, here's a simple test. Send them a DM if you can. These anonymous accounts claiming cash. Oh, we don't want cash, we don't want Mike. These are terrible guys. Just send them a simple question. Say what's your name? I absolutely guarantee you they either don't answer or they make some John Brown. Why won't they tell you their names? you know my name. I am publicly on my, my name is, my birth name is Daniel John Bonino.


That's my name. Look it up. You're listening to The Dan. Bongino Show. I'm telling you on my honor, cash Patel's the guy. Why can't those people do that? There is an enormous deep state effort to stop cash from getting this job. Because. they are terrified. He's gonna be the one with the keys to the kingdom. And. I don't mean the good kingdom. I mean the kingdom of shit that led to the collusion hoax and Spygate. Please trust me, it is very sophisticated. The o it is an op. I said I don't want to beat this thing to death. It's an op.


I'm absolutely sure of it. Just ask them folks. People or policy. People or policy. That's why they're focusing their ire on gates, on Hegseth, on cash on Tom Holman. Here's Tom Holman on the border. Some of these local liberal mayors are now claiming that they're gonna obstruct federal immigration agents from deportations of people who broke the law in the country illegally. Holman's like, oh really? Okay. You go ahead and do that because you know that's a violation of the law too. Ladies and gentlemen. Cutesy, time is over. You wanna obstruct and get in the way. Okay, fine. You go ahead and do that. you may find yourself in jail though.


Don't listen to me. Listen to him. Check this out. Depending our residents every possible way. Well, she's not very smart. I'll give her that because I just, what I just said is, president Trump's gonna prioritize public safety threats. What mayor or governor doesn't want public safety threats outta their communities? I mean, that's her number one responsibility to protect her communities. And that's exactly what we're going to do. So she helps us. She gets the hell outta the way 'cause we're going to do it. And look, there's a clear line here and they can't cross a clear line. I also suggest she read Title eight United States called 1324 Triple I that says, you know, you, you can't harbor a conceal and illegal in, in front of law enforcement officer. So I hope she don't cross that line. They can not cooperate.


But th there, there are certain laws in place that they can't cross. And I hope she doesn't cross it. But Folks, this is the kind of talk we need. You wanna break the law, you are going to jail. The difference between us and the left is they have to manufacture bullshit against us. Donald Trump defrauded the bank. Really. The banks understand going, he didn't defraud us. We love doing business with 'em. We'll do it again. They will actually break the law and stick it in our face like they did in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. People have to go to jail. That's it. That's the end of that story. I gotta play this. I'm don't go anywhere. I promised you I was gonna cover this January 6th pipe bomb bombshell story pun, believe me, intended.


I'm gonna get to it in a second. I just wanna play this quick one here again with our nominees. It's kind of hilarious how Left Wing media refers to our nominees. Pete Hegseth Never, you know, government experience. He's a morning show host, really 20 years fighting for the United States of two bronze stars. I'm pretty sure that's government experience. Here's how they refer to Sean Duffy, who is the nominee for transportation secretary. A I was, I was informed this morning a five term congressman, a prosecutor, a trained lawyer, and a guy who's only been in the public eye for like 30 years. Here's how Kaitlyn Collins, who I wanna remind you was the movie critic at The Daily Caller on CNN refers to the great Sean Duffy, a personal friend, a and a good, good man.


Check this out. Breaking tonight, another Fox News host has been tapped for Trump's cabinet. What we know about Trump's latest pick, also a former reality show star, Also a former reality show. Star Michael. He's done a little couple other things, right? I think so. Thinks he thinks he's not sure. He'll ask him later. He knows him a little bit. Yeah, I think he's done I. think he went to law school. I I don. I heard then he was like a prosecutor thingy or something. Like Congress. Congress or something like that. Yeah, none of that matters. Reality. Reality show reality. He's also like a lumberjack and all that. Have you ever seen the video? That's like the, the funny thing is the guy's resume is so deep, no one even talks about it. What did he do with like, he like chops, trees down like lumberjack, log rolling and stuff.


Don't even forget all that stuff. Whatever man. I'm so sick of the left wing media. The good news. Anita, post it again. Who's the news now? We are the news. Kids wear the news and they hate us for it. Alright, this is important. Serious time, serious hats on folks. The pipe bomb scandal on January 6th at the DNC building, I'm telling you is the biggest scandal of our time. Are you listening to me? Please tell me you are. I've already told you what I know happened. This was definitely an inside job. They moved Kamala Harris from the Capitol on January 6th to the DNC.


Some insider put a pipe bomb there in case Republicans started making a stink about the certification. They were gonna go stop it. Kamala Harris was almost killed by a MAGA terrorist. Ah, well what happened? Well, riot at the capitol happened then. They didn't need the pipe bomb story anymore. So they're trying to make it go away. But we won't. I wanna play this again. This is Tom Massey, a great congressman from Kentucky, questioning our failed FBI director. That better resign quick about the January 6th pipe bombs and how they don't seem to know anything about it. It's so here, check this out. Director Ray, in light of information provided to us about the FBI's investigation of the January 6th pipe bombs.


In an interview with assistant director Steven Jono, chairman Jordan And I sent you a letter a month ago. Some of the information that we found in that interview was that phone data that could have helped to identify the pipe bomber was corrupted. It was unusable. He also wasn't sure who found or how the second bomb was found at the DNC. Do you know how the second bomb was found at the DNC? And and when do you plan on answering our letter? Well, as to the letter i, I will work with the department to make sure We can figure out what information We can provide. As you know, this is a very active, ongoing investigation and there are some restrictions on that.


But, we'll, yes, We can handle classified information and we fund your department. And so you need to provide that. I, it's not respectfully, it's not an issue of classification. It's an issue of commenting on ongoing criminal investigations, which is something that by longstanding department policy we are restricted in doing. And in fact, the last administration actually strengthened those policies. Partly because that's not our policy though. And we fund you. So let's move on. I could, do you know how the second pipe bomb, do you, can you tell us how the second pipe bomb was found at the DNCI? Again, I'm not gonna get into that here. 900 days ago is when this happened and you said you had total confidence we'd apprehend the subject.


This is incredible. You are telling me Christopher Ray's FBI, supposedly the premier law enforcement agency anywhere in the known cosmos, right? Krypton here Earth anywhere else, cannot find a guy or a woman who placed a bomb in front of a building with probably 50 cameras watching it. Nobody can find this person who made a cell phone call when the bombs were allegedly planted a cell phone that can be traced. 'cause they were the only person around at that time of night by triangulating, oh, we had the data, but the cell phone company told us the data was corrupted. Oh, looky here right after the Trump win. January 6th.


Shocker. Just the news. Phone companies dispute the FBI's testimony on the pipe bomb suspect. Key lawmaker reveals. Oh, they have the phone data. Oh, they have it. This is gonna break soon and you are gonna have been years ahead of the story. Thanks to Darren Beatie and Julie Kelly and others who've covered this. You are gonna be years ahead of this. I'm telling you, this is gonna break when the Trump administration gets in there with a new FBI director and hopefully a new Secret service director that were on that scene. It is gonna break and you are gonna find out who this person was and it is gonna kick you right in the junk. Folks, this is one of the biggest scandals in US history. And I gotta tell you. I feel like I know about 90% of it, but I don't know all of it.


I'm not an insider. I wasn't there. I didn't plant this scam, but I'm telling you right now, when that other 10% comes out, I wouldn't be surprised if it's even worse than you think. This is a huge monster scandal, and it also speaks to the culture. This phone company was probably terrified. The FBI probably told 'em, tell us the data's corrupted, or we're gonna make your life miserable. Now, all of a sudden the phone company realizing they have some liability with the new Trump team saying, oh no, no, data's not corrupted. Data's not corrupted, folks, this is a huge deal, man. The days of the Weaponized police state are over, and another battle we gotta take on right away is a battle up against New York State. What's going on with Donald Trump in the system?


This judge Mechon yesterday delaying the case and not dumping this New York case, basically holding the sword of Dam Lee over Trump's head for four years, saying, Hey, I'm not gonna sentence you on this fake trial, but we're gonna basically wait four years. you know what they're trying to do, right? If Donald Trump goes and deports people from New York, the, the Alvin Bragg and the judge want, they want basically the sword hanging over Trump's head. So he doesn't do it. This cannot happen. We have to go to war with the deep state, and one of the first battles we gotta take on is this absolute travesty going on up in New York with the judge that adjourn the case, but won't dismiss it. Here's John Turley, a really smart guy, a constitutional attorney on the disgrace of Judge Merchant up in New York with the Twinkies case.


Check this out. I was surprised in watching the trial to see some of his rulings, which frankly didn't make a lot of sense to me. I thought that he had left layers of reversible error, but none of that can be reviewed until this is finalized. Now, some of suggested that the judge could just freeze this for the upcoming term to leave it in pendency. I just don't see that type of suspension as a likely or good option. You would have the president's critics saying that he's awaiting sentencing after a jury found him guilty of felonies. They need to have a status that where they can appeal this case, including the decisions made by this judge.


Now, it is possible in a week that he could yield to calls for dismissal. you know, many have, including myself, felt that this case should never have been brought, that the judge made an unholy mess of it. In my view, it would be good to send the attractions back to their cages and call this circus over, but I wouldn't necessarily bet the farm on that Good analysis by Turley. This has to go, okay, gee, will not let me leave without playing this clip. Folks, this may be one of the funniest clips you've ever seen in your life. You remember Jenk from the young Turks Jenk, he's a very liberal guy, but he's starting to figure it out that he's on the wrong side of history here.


In my humble opinion. He's on Pi Morgan show with Alan Liman, who supposedly has these 13 keys to winning the election. He said Kamala Harris would win. Well, she obviously didn't, and Jen and him go at it as my cannibalism theory of the left. This is what I gotta play the whole thing. It's about a minute, 50 seconds, but I promise you it's worth your time. Check this out. Don't blame the voters. I think, look, We can get into this discussion, but Juan, I think you're blaming the voters. I think that's a terrible idea. And look, I debated Professor Liman before. I told him his theories about the keys were absurd. I was right. He was wrong. I said he'd lose his keys. No, you would not.


Couldn't find me before the election Was not wrong. And that's a cheap shot. And I won't stand for it. Well, who Won, Brother? You should not be taking won cheap shots at me. Who? Who won? You wanna make your claim, Make a point In, don't make it personal Of denial. I read your own followers comments and they all trashed you. Every one of them and supported me. Yeah, right? So saw it with your personal attacks. Yeah. Come find out again, Make whatever point you want. Don't make it personal. You, don't know anything. You don't know Anything. You attacked me personally. You, you're so deluded. Oh, Right. I've only been a professor for 51 years on this program, Published. I've never been able to finish a thought. How many books have you published? Been an no, because you're personally attacking me. Again, say whatever you want, but I'm not gonna stand for personal.


Okay? But brother, you got it wrong. Say Whatever you want. You were cautiously and Stupidly wrong, so, okay. Alright. Can I just finish a goddamn thought? Don't me stupid ever on this show. No, not if you personally to admitted I was wrong. I don't need you to call me stupid. Okay. Can I Just say it's you all getting along so well. I've taught you manners. It's lovely that you see a post Come together Right now. Hey, Alan, you deserve a tall glass of shut up juice. So can you just shut up for a second and let someone who knows what they're doing, not You're personally attack me. You're so right, so unified right now. Any you want, I will not sit here and stand for personal attacks for blasphemy against me.


You don't need to do that. you don't boost Blasphemy against you. How are you? Are you Jesus Christ? A loser? Okay, can I make points? Can I just give the correct answer for once This? It is the greatest Thing I have ever seen. Listen, man, Jake And I, don't agree on everything, obviously based on our debate, but good for you for calling out the lunatics in your party. Gee, made him me play. Gee's, like you. If you don't play this, I'm quitting today, which I can't have. I need my crew intact. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. Make sure you check us out on the radio show. Oh my gosh, how are we just short of 170? Everyone's got a comment in the chat now, just to make the chat blow up at 1 69 9 42. We were just shy.


Thank you for another big audience today. I so deeply appreciate it. You guys are fantastic. Please download the Rumble app. Big news yesterday, Chris put out a Rumble and some interest in some Bitcoin stuff. So check out the Rumble app. It is free. Join us every day at 11:00 AM Rumble dot com slash bonino. Please click that subscribe button. It is free. Follow us on Apple Podcast and Spotify too. We deeply appreciate it. There you go. Tearing that chat up at the end of the day. Bonino Army Strong. Love you guys. See you on the radio show here a little bit back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM. Love you guys so much. Thanks for tuning in. See you then. You just heard The, Dan, Bongino, Show.