
Hello everyone. Welcome to another edition of Nightly Scroll. I'm Haley Caria. I'm very excited for the show tonight. I wanna remind you that yes, you can watch this live on Rumble Rumble dot com slash haley will bring you to the Bina Report channel, but you can also listen on Spotify or Apple Podcast. So make sure that you are also subscribing there a staggering new finding on the job front. Almost all of the new jobs created by the Biden administration were taken by illegal immigrants. Boo two council members in Florida actually cried while voting against border of security. I will play the very embarrassing tape. Democrats are slowly waking up to the rise of Republican influence on social media, all that, and more on nightly scroll.


Before we get into the crazy border jobs numbers story, I do wanna let you know that a man that Joe Biden had these prison scented commuted, he is back in jail. So here it is, Fox News headline. A man who had prison sentence commuted by Biden, is now facing drug and firearms related charges. Okay, this is Willie Frank Peterson. He's 52 years old. He was convicted on drug charges conspiracy to distribute cocaine back in 2023. He was sentenced to six and a half years in jail, and Biden commuted his sentence to 20 months. Okay, so fast forward to just this Monday, he was charged in Alabama with unlawful possession of a controlled substance, one count of possession of marijuana.


He was also arrested for drug paraphernalia and firearms related charges per police records. So I'm just wondering now, like, can we commute the sentence? I, I agree to an extent that if you are in jail for an astronomical amount of time for a marijuana charge or something, like, alright, let's get these sentences down. It's, you know, you shouldn't be in jail forever over it. However, can we commute the sentences of people who have proved themselves? Can we commute the sentences of people who made their life better while they're in prison? Maybe they turned their life, they found Christ. Maybe they, I don't, they just became a better person.


They've proved themselves in a way that they're not just going to be released and then do the same thing again. Am I crazy for thinking this? Like, I'm okay with these people not being locked up forever, but you have to prove yourself. Like, let's not just, you know, speed up their prison sentence because, you know, for political reasons or whatnot, but prove yourself. And, you know, a great example of this is Alice Marie Johnson. Trump pardoned her back during his first term and last month he named Alice Johnson as his pardons are. But she had a, she was in jail. She, it was a life sentence.


She, she was involved in like a drug trafficking ring in Memphis. This was back in 1996. She was pardoned and now she's proven herself to have a job within this White House. She didn't re-offend, but the Biden administration has been known to coddle criminals. This is the bombshell story, everyone. So a, according to Peter Navarro, he's a senior counselor for trade and manufacturing in the White House. He says that almost all new jobs created under Biden went to illegal immigrants. And most of the jobs that were lost under the Biden administration, American citizens, now that's backwards.


That is backwards, shouldn't be going like this. So last month, and these are the numbers. So he did this, he exposed this bombshell in an interview with Alex Marlowe at Breitbart. And Breitbart confirmed that these numbers are legitimate. The Center of Immigration studies reviewed the Bureau of Labor Statistics data and found that between 2020 and 20 25, 80 8% of US job growth went to migrants. 60% of those were illegal immigrants. So 60% of the jobs made under Biden went to illegal immigrants and then migrants.


So basically, this is where the, the job numbers went. Migrants gained more than 4.7 million jobs under Biden. And then let's compare and contrast that with the jobs grown for American citizens, not even a million guys, 4.7 million for illegal immigrants. 645,000 jobs for American native born Americans. So basically the, the ratio here was 7.3 migrant jobs to every one job gained by an American citizen. So I just want everyone to remember whenever the mainstream media, they start reporting on, you know, job numbers under Trump are down, let's see if that number matches the amount of deportations taking place.


Because if all the jobs, most of the jobs I should say created under the Biden administration went to illegals, and then Trump's deporting the illegals job numbers are gonna be down, right? I mean, as long as job numbers are up for the American people, that's all I care about. But it's, it's interesting. It's not just the federal government that is absolutely crapping the bed, the local government is just, this is the most, one of the most insane stories I've heard, and this is on the, the border as well. So Fort Myers, a city in Florida, the city council met to discuss an agreement so that city law enforcement would receive training to act as ice agents essentially.


So local police officers would be able to detain and arrest illegal immigrants, which just helps ice, I mean, ICE can't be everywhere. They're doing their best, but why not deploy local law enforcement to help this get done? I mean, this is a massive undertaking. So during this council meeting, and they voted no, by the way, they voted no because during this council meeting, two members, Darla Bonk, that's her name, I'm not even joking, Darla Bonk and Diana Aldo cried over it. Let's play the tape. I cannot begin to imagine how difficult it is for you.


The argument, and I know there's no malt intent to it, that we would risk federal or state funding if I don't sign up for this, it is a tumultuous day and age. And this is a day I hate sitting in the seat that my city's not for sale. Mr. Mayor, council member Giraldo Council, Wiping her tears. Thank you for your Words and thank you. Now they're holding hands. I can't, I sit here to represent my city, but my city is not just all of us sitting here.


It's the people that live here to support you chief to support the intent of the city. I, I can't, I can't stand behind this as an immigrant, the only immigrant sitting in this council. So she says she can't get behind this and this being ice training local law enforcement in Fort Myers to assist with the deportation efforts. She can't get behind this. She says because she's an immigrant. Okay, well, are you crying because you're telling on yourself, are you an illegal immigrant? Because if you're not an illegal immigrant, then you have nothing to worry about.


If your family and friends aren't illegal immigrants, you have nothing to worry about. And she went on in that video saying, you know, there are people who are illegal immigrants, but they're not criminals. Wrong, wrong, if you're an illegal immigrant, you broke the law news flash. And anyone sitting in a government seat, whether it's local or federal or state, everyone should know that If you've got synapses firing in your brain and you've got more than two brain cells, you should know that. But what if they don't have two brain Cells? Well, maybe they're crying and holding hands on the city council. I don't know. So I don't know how you guys feel about that, but I think that these women give women a bad name.


This is where, when men are like, women shouldn't hold office because they're too emotional. I'm like, well, this is a really bad look for us because it's hard to argue against it. Now, the local government craziness does not stop there. And I do have to give credit where credit is due. This is a Blue City mayor, this is Mayor Robert Clark in Newcastle, Washington. This is a Seattle suburb. So I'm just, that's like the trigger warning here. This is Seattle, right? Right outside of Seattle. So I wanna bring you up to speed on what happened last year. There was a big debacle when it was Pride month in June in this Seattle suburb.


They said it's, it's the government and government buildings, they should be flying pride flags during pride month. And the mayor, Robert Clark, he says, this was last year, he said, do you want a Hamas flag flying over City, city of New Newcastle or a MAGA flag or a Trump flag or an Antifa flag? He said, we're not going there, folks. Everybody is equally represented by the American flag. Sounds good to me. This is why, like, I don't understand when it's the Super Bowl. And then they have the, they have the national anthem, which is for everyone, by the way. And then they need the Black national anthem Riddle me.


That is the regular national anthem. Not for everyone. It's not for black people too. I mean, give me a fricking break. So anyway, on Tuesday, this was rehashed this issue. So a woman from this Seattle suburb named Jen, she spoke at the local town meeting. And here's, here's what she had to say. The same Mayor, mayor Robert Clark, absolutely shut her down. Watch this. My research shows that there's been 82,000 Americans who are registered as POWs or mis, which is atrocious and horrible And it should never happen to any American, but there's 20 million minimum L-G-B-T-Q members.


So when we're talking about special interest, let's just have some intellectual integrity. I've talked before about the hypocrisy of some of the people up on that dais. And I think that your approach to trying to trick people out of having to fly the pride flag in June by making sure that the P-O-W-M-I-A flag was flown is really disgusting. And, and again, it's not impartial in any way. And I think that you should be ashamed. I I definitely am. Thank you.


It's not common that I respond to public comment, but I will not sit here and have somebody tell me that veterans are a political stunt. How dare you. This country was founded because veterans lost their lives. Hundreds of thousands of people died for this country. So that you could pry your pride flag. And man, I am pissed. I'm sorry, this is outta line and perhaps my council members will censor me for this, but do not ever disparage veterans in my presence. Love to see it. So this liberal gen, I'm assuming a member of the L-G-B-T-Q community, or at least an ally, wanted the pride flag to be flown.


And she was upset that A-P-O-W-M-I-A flag was being flown for prisoners of war, missing an action. She was upset that the city was flying that flag and not the pride flag. And thank goodness this mayor Robert Clark has some sense to say there's a difference between people who serve our nation and either lose their lives, they're missing or they're being held by another country or an adversary. This is different than the plight of gay people in our country. The struggle is not the same. So thank goodness to this mayor for just a little shred of sanity in a Seattle suburb.


But speaking of insanity, we have Governor Tim Walls, we covered this yesterday. He thinks he's a big, burly, manly man. And he was seen speaking and he was, you know, taunting Tesla. He's talking about Elon Musk and how bad Elon Musk is. And he was joking that he gets a rise out of seeing Tesla stock fall. Watch this. I know some of you know this on the iPhone they've got that little stock app. I added Tesla to it to give me a little boost during the day 2, 2 25 and dropping. So, and, and if you own one, if you own one, we're not blaming you.


You can, you can take dental floss and pull the Tesla thing off, you know, and take out just telling you, Okay, so this is a governor. He's excited that a, an American company is, the stock is falling. It's not very American pro-American. He's telling his residents it's okay if you own a Tesla, just take the Tesla tag off, just take the logo off. But it turns out that Minnesota's retirement fund has stock in Tesla. Yeah, Fox News's, bill Eugen posted this. He's this whole thing.


He says, as Governor Wall's gloats about Tesla stock dropping records from the Minnesota State Board of Investment Show that as of this summer, the state of Minnesota had 1.6 million shares of Tesla in its retirement fund and 211,000 shares of Tesla in its non-retirement fund. So I don't know what reason Governor Tim Walls would have for cheering on the stock of Tesla dropping when his own state has a vested interest in it doing well. It's just very interesting. And these Tesla protests, it's, I I, I hope you're not sick of me talking about this.


They're still going on. And it's wild because I, I play the videos and it's like, these people know that Teslas have cameras on them. People are still keying the cars. I I showed videos of that earlier this week, just absolute lunatics. And it doesn't seem like there are any signs of this slowing down. We've seen a lot of these protesters. They, they're arrested and then they're released on bail or what have you, and then there's really no incentive for them to stop doing it. And there are more Tesla protests that are scheduled for this weekend. I wanna show you, this is just one of the flyers. These are called Tesla takedowns, and they're all organized by this company called Indivisible.


And Robbie Starbuck on X, he uncovered, you know, who exactly is funding this indivisible company and this activism, these, this is the Tesla takedown rallies. They're, they're all happening all over the country. And it turns out that George Soros and his foundation has given indivisible nearly $8 million for their activism. So if you are wondering who is funding the chaos in this country, it very likely well meet, well may be George Soros via ActBlue to Indivisible, to the Tesla take down.


And then we see all of this chaos ensue where the Teslas are getting burned and, and all this stuff. And there's really, like I said, no signs of slowing down, unfortunately. And you know, I'm not saying that all of these protests are violent, but I'm saying there are certain protesters that get violent. And then there are certain protesters that are just plain idiotic. Like this one, this one user. She says she drives a pink cyber truck, which is I'm sure quite the, quite the site. But we could play this video. She says, POV, you drive a pink cyber truck and get harassed daily by strangers because of something that has nothing to do with you.


So this is a liberal flipping the bird, the, the driver of the pink cyber truck is filming out of her window. Some, I guess Elon Musk hater th flipping her the bird just for driving a cyber truck, which is a Tesla product. So this, again, I don't know what would possess someone to do this, you know, that the person driving the truck has nothing to do really with Tesla other than giving them the money for the car. And a lot of people bought the Teslas because they're good cars. And you know, I'm not a big EV person, but people rave about Teslas, they like them, the cyber trucks are cool and different, so you know, you shouldn't drive them.


And they get flipped off by crazy liberals. But the craziness, it gets worse. And I, I, this is going to be, I I, I have to give a warning to the viewers, this is pretty disgusting. But this is a video of a Elon Musk Tesla hater who is wiping his butt On a Tesla. He is getting, getting his fingers dirty and wiping it on the side of the truck, wiping it where the handle is.


And this is truly one of the most unhinged things and most disgusting things I've ever seen. I don't know what would possess someone to do this. This person needs to be in jail. I mean, all of the protestors that are violent need to be in jail. But I would you agree that this is a violent protest that is so disgusting. It's a biohazard. I truly, I, I'm, I'm very rarely speechless. But this video had me speechless. They should put this video next to the ballot next November. Like, are you sure you wanna vote Democrat?


Because this is, these are the people on your side. Are you sure? Are you sure you wanna get into that? It's, it's quite the site. I would not wanna be associated with someone who is that deranged. And we've discussed this at length on the show that Democrats, their brand is absolutely floundering. They are polling at levels. The approval rating is extremely low. They've got no real party leader, they're just kind of, there's something off. And you know, they're leaning into younger candidates, which I have no problem with. The GOP is just doing it better. The Democrats put a lot of stock into using social media and influencers and trends and so did the GOP.


They just did it better. And I think I kind of wanna go into the ways in which the, the Republicans beat the Democrats at their own game in terms of social media and using it as a political weapon, if you will. And it all comes down to authenticity. There are, let's just think about Kamala Harris' campaign versus Trump's Kamala Harris used celebrities like J-Lo and Madonna and Meg Thee Stallion and Beyonce, right?


All these big names Taylor Swift, all these big celebrities are coming out. They're stumping for Kamala Harris. And Kamala Harris has these big rallies and they're essentially rap concerts. She had Meg thee stallion just like shaking her butt on stage. And I guess that's supposed to be speaking to people who vote for Kamala Harris. It was honestly a very strange site. And then you compare and contrast that with Trump's campaign strategy, which was being a real person and meeting voters on an eye level. He genuinely cared about these minimum wage workers, people who rely on tips.


And he said, I'm making no tax on tips part of my, part of my policy. And he didn't just talk about it. Like he walked the walk and he threw on a McDonald's apron and said, I see you, I hear you. And he's speaking to the American people. He's not just having celebrities twerk all over the stage and do whatever. So there's like a big difference here in authenticity. Let's just throw up the, the video of Trump in the McDonald's line. Let's just reminisce for a moment. But I can do this all day. I wouldn't mind this job. I like this job. I think I might come back and do it again. Thank you.


Thank you, Mr. President. You made it possible for ordinary people like us to meet you. You're not ordinary. I mean, thank you so much. I can see we pray for you and, and you are the type of person we want to be the president. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. It's just a very sweet moment. Thank you very much. I took a moment. Thank you Mr. President, when you think about it. I guess that's right. Thank you. Thank you very much. He's connecting with the people in ways that Kamala Harris didn't. And not only that, the Democrats Biden, you know, it even started with Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton calling the Republicans a basket of deplorables. And then Biden called us garbage, right?


And Trump said, okay, well if my supporters are garbage, then call me the garbage truck truck man. So that even, you know, he became the garbage truck man. And this was a wonderful sight to see. Let's reminisce on this as well. How do You like my garbage truck? This truck is an honor of Kamala and Joe Biden. So the Democrats, they, they lost this election and they're really starting to wonder why this is. And it started with gas prices back in 2022. So during Biden's administration, this is when they really started implementing TikTok users to essentially push their propaganda for them.


So this was back in 2022, white House drafts TikTok stars to blame Putin for rising gas prices. You may remember when gas prices at some pumps in California were, you know, north of six, seven, $8. And they were trying to blame it on Putin. They were saying it's Putin's price hike. They were trying to combat all of the little stickers that people were putting on the gas pumps with that they had Biden's face on it. And it was pointing to, I did this and people would stick 'em on the gas pump to point to these high gas prices. And so Biden deployed basically these army of influencer minions that were going to sell the American people the lie that the gas prices were really not his fault.


It wasn't, you know, the fact that he canceled the Keystone XL Pipeline while he was just got into office, you know, it was all Putin's fault. So this is when they started deploying influencers to do their bidding for them, except it flopped because they used people with big platforms, but they had really never talked about politics before. So they were these fashion influencers, people who had millions of followers. All of a sudden they start talking about Putin's price hike and people bought on, they, they, they started to catch onto this rather and say, this is really disingenuous. This is propaganda because I follow you for fashion advice and now you're doing the bidding of the Biden administration.


People caught on very, very quickly. It was a really, really poor use of social media. And then when We got into this election cycle, we saw Trump just doing what Trump does best, being a man of the people. And then Kamala Harris's campaign, we can, we can show what they were doing over on Kamala hq. Did you vote? Are you gonna vote? Will you vote for me? Did you vote? Are you gonna vote? Will you vote for me? I'm not voting for her. Their strategy was a total flop. They were relying on vibes and brat Summer and all this stuff to make Kamala Harris this sympathetic character.


She's fun, she's cool, you know, they would make all these like fan edits of her laughing and oh, she's so cool. She's like Auntie mama. And it didn't work. It didn't work. See Trump, he wasn't relying on like fun trends. He was being him and the Democrats were being extremely inauthentic. And I think a lot of Democrats have largely woken up to the fact that TikTok worked to the Republicans advantage and they still don't know why. So do you guys remember Brian Stelter from CNN? I barely remembered him. He, he came up on my timeline and he tweeted this and I thought, wow, I haven't heard that name in years.


So Brian Selter wrote the Democrat parties post-election reckoning will have to include the political and cultural power of TikTok. And he was referring to this article in Vox. This is why Kamala really lost TikTok is making young voters more Republican. And it's interesting, I know a lot of conservatives don't like TikTok. I'm obviously a big proponent of it. But you know, I went through college and I went to a liberal liberal arts college and I came out a conservative, I got totally red pilled in college. I saw through all the BS. And there are a lot of young people that are having that same experience now.


And I think Charlie Kirk's use of TikTok had a huge impact on young people coming out to vote for Trump. I used to not really think that what Charlie Kirk did had an impact because I thought that he was just making these big conferences for conservative people to, you know, like-minded conservative kids to get together. And I thought, well that's great, but it's just kind of speaking to the echo chamber. And Charlie Kirk used to be really anti TikTok. He was, you know, anti-China and all that stuff. Then he kind of woke up to the fact like, oh I can really change some hearts and minds on TikTok because the TikTok algorithm will push my content out to everyone, not just people who like my content.


So here's just a taste of what Charlie Kirk was doing on this massive tour during the election cycle, talking and debating with liberals on campus. Watch this. If I just happen to be pregnant, oh hold, you don't happen to get pregnant. It's like, not like getting covid. I know how it works, I know how it works. You don't get the flu. I know. How about this? I got you. Take responsibility for your orgasms and stop eliminating people smaller than you. So you're saying, yep, I should carry a baby and ruin my collegiate life. How about this? Instead of saying ruin, first of all, babies are a blessing. Stop talking at them as if they're some sort of annoyance. I will have to drop out of college. Number two. Number two, if you, you play certain games, you win certain prizes if you're gonna go have sex.


So you're saying I should drop out of college to support my child. I'm supporting my life. I'm saying if you're going to engage in tus in the practice of having children, you might end up with a baby. So know that. And guess what? You don't need to have sex before you get married. It's not like showering, it's not like eating. Are you married? Yes, with two beautiful children. Wow, good for you. I could tell you're not married. Yeah. Yeah. These liberals are like absolutely inseparable. I don't know how Charlie Kirk does it. He's got an answer for everything. He's got the facts on his side. And a lot of young people saw these videos, they went massively viral during the election cycle.


And I think it woke a lot of young people up to wow, the conservatives actually their policies make sense. And the way that Charlie Kirk is explaining it and debating these people, it makes sense. You know, not all young people have their heads in the clouds. Most people have a pretty good BS meter. And most voters, whether they're informed or politically inclined or not, they could read through Kamala being fake and Trump being real. The Democrats pushing vibes and twerking and conservatives pushing actual policy. It was vibes versus substance. It was vibes versus actual policy that people vote for. Policy is what drives people to the polls, not vibes.


So we saw that. So I don't know why the Democrats are still confused as to why their strategy didn't matter. If you have two brain cells, the choice is pretty clear. And if you need more proof as to why the Democrats social media strategy didn't pan out well, let me introduce you to Harry Sissen. You've probably seen Harry Sissen. He's one of those media minions that were essentially an extension of the Biden administration. He makes multiple videos on TikTok a day about, you know, Biden good, Trump bad, Kamala good, Elon bad. So this is my favorite video to play to introduce who's Harry Sisson is. It's just very all encompassing of who he is.


As a one of those manly Democrat men watch. Alright, if I make this throw, you gotta vote for Kamala Harris. Tim Moles ready? You're Nadine then, huh? Yeah. If I, All right, now if I make this throw, you gotta vote for Donald Trump and JD Vance. Let's go. Ready? Set. Oh man. Well you gotta do it now. Okay. Like, yeah. Was I supposed to laugh? I didn't laugh and even I could make that throw. Okay, that was like 10 feet. So he's 22 years old and the update on Harry Sisson is he's just now getting canceled for the left. For the first time. He's come under fire for being somewhat of a womanizer.


Now most people were shocked to find out that he's straight because that man, that other man in the video, Chris Maori, I think his name is, they're best friends and they're always making tiktoks together and they're not very manly. So people thought that they were together. Well, it didn't really shock me because most Democrat men are pretty effeminate. So it made sense, like the math was math thing for me, but his antics caught up to him. I always, I'm wary of liberal men because I think that they say that they're liberal to get women. And in this case, I think Harry Sisson was doing this. Multiple young liberal women have now come out saying that Harry Sisson was pressuring them to send nude photos of themselves to him and other, you know, unsavory Snapchat messages.


Here's just a taste. I met Harry in summer of 2020. We were both kind of like the original political talkers. These are times in which Harry was getting obliterated drunk and calling FaceTiming and saying very sexual things. And if you see with all of the other girls too, he loves calling women lunatics. They're crazy. Conspiracy theory. His Favorite. It became more of like an inappropriate infatuation with me. I thought he was like this champion for women supported our rights, said that he wasn't talking to other women like that. He wasn't hooking up with anybody. 'cause he quote unquote, never does that.


Fast forward one more week, and here I am sitting here with knowledge of at least six other women who were played by the same guy. Okay? So I think at this point, 11 women have come out saying that they were also played by Harry Sisson, which is extremely embarrassing. Again, I don't know, you have to be pretty deranged to find Harry Sisson attractive. I'm not attracted to liberal men. He's giving beta energy. I don't like that. But if you're a liberal woman, you would be attracted to someone who is, you know, supposedly fighting for your women's reproductive health and your rights and whatever. So, and that's really the cause that got a lot of liberal women riled up this past election season.


Young women for that matter on the left. But yeah, it's, it's interesting that these women are now coming out saying, I thought he was a champion for women. I thought he was a good guy. And it turns out that he's not. He was using all of them. He was calling women crazy. So again, like is this the, is this the, would you describe this as toxic masculinity? I, I feel like that's the toxic kind of masculinity that we're seeing on the left versus the right. And you know, a lot of liberal women, they want to, they wanted to codify abortion access And it makes sense that they're attracted to a man who talks all day about abortion access.


So it's just, it's interesting that he's really the face of toxic masculinity. And it's interesting how the turntables on that one. But we are at the time of the night where we are going to start scrolling. It is scrolling time. I like the, I like, I like the little video. I like the music. Okay, so I'm sure a lot of you saw that VINCE interviewed Vice President, JD Vance.


And he's asking the questions that, the questions that everyone wants, the answers to, which is, have you seen the memes about you? And which ones are your favorite? So if you are living under a rock, you might not know that everywhere on the internet people are Photoshopping, JD Vance's face onto different, you know, movie posters and memes and just everything. And VINCE asked JD Vance what his favorite are. So these are the favorites of JD Vance. He liked Vance Halen where JD Vance was every single member of Van Halen.


And then also he liked this meme from once upon a time in Hollywood where his face is photoshopped on Leonardo DiCaprio. So getting the answers to the questions that we're all dying, these are, are, they're dying to know there are burning questions. And I'm just a little offended that JD Vance's favorite JD Vance's meme was not his face on mine because an internet user follower put, put JD Vance's face on my body. And he kind of looks like take the body out of it. But he kind of looks like a nineties male supermodel. Like, he looks really good with my hair.


I think maybe he could grow his hair out and get some highlights. He looks pretty good. It actually looks like kind of real in a very scary way. But anyway, the first video that I have for you tonight is a girl who broke up with her MAGA boyfriend because he didn't really get along with her liberal friends. Listen to this, I broke up with my MAGA boyfriend, which means I'm single. And honestly that would usually be totally fine, except my friends invited me to a group holiday in the French countryside. I was feeling lonely and kind of jealous of my friends for having partners, but I really sat down and questioned whether I would want my ex-boyfriend there with me if the circumstances were different.


And we had never broken up. I just know that his presence would've really changed the dynamic of the group. My friends are all pretty liberal, globally minded people. We've all moved abroad. So we're all immigrants. And we can talk deeply about women's rights, immigration, and global political topics. 'cause we don't just think about America first. They don't just think about America first. This sounds like a horrible vacation. Is this just me? I mean, truly sitting around and talking about women's rights and immigration and global issues is not my idea of fun. So this MAGA boyfriend that got dumped is definitely the winner.


I mean, seriously, it is like he won in this situation. It, this is not my idea of a fun vacation. And honestly I hate, like, I would not wanna hang out with people who talk about politics all the time. This is coming from someone who talks about news and politics and I'm consumed by it all the time. I love the fact that I get to hang out with my friends and we can go to dinner and we can talk about what's happening in our lives. And you know what movies we're watching, shows we're watching books. We're, we're, you know, podcasts. We're listening to like every, there's so many more things to talk about with people and so many more things to connect about other than politics.


And I just find these people so insufferable. Like you're on a vacation to the French countryside and you're talking about women's rights, like, oh my gosh, you know, it's like this is insufferable. Anyway, this next video that has gone viral has people on the right questioning is all DEI bad watch What me, what baby? Just like me.


So this is a video. If you're listening to the podcast of a little girl, she's in target, she's pointing at a poster of another little girl in a wheelchair and she says, mommy, that looks just like me. The model looks just like me. And if you have a heart of stone, you might not like this. But I think anyone who sees this video would think this is very, very, very sweet. And people on the left are saying, oh, well you know, this is DEI, this is what DEI is. And it's, it's really not. I mean, yes, this is inclusivity in terms of marketing strategies and I think there is something to be said for representation. I think this is a wonderful thing to see this young girl in a wheelchair saying, you know, this looks just like me.


It's a very sweet moment. However, when we're talking about DEI like the, the downsides of DEI, we're talking about the affirmative action where people are just getting into certain colleges because they're a certain color or a certain race, or they're getting jobs because they're a certain race or there are a certain gender or whatever it is. And it's we're, we've gotten away from merit-based jobs and merit-based opportunities where you just get a job because you're the right person for the job, not because you fit a certain quota. And you know, I think everyone can agree that seeing this little girl in the wheelchair is not what we're talking about when we say DEI is bad and we need to move away from DEI.


Now the only thing I can get behind is taking men out of women's sports. This is where we don't need diversity, equity, and inclusion. We just, you know, sports is the ultimate merit-based activity. You have to be the best to win. And it doesn't matter if you're you, all these other different identity politics, qualifiers. You just have to be the best. And it helps when you're not a man competing against women. But if you've seen the movie, the Incredibles, this is a Pixar movie, one of my favorites from childhood, by the way, someone put a meme over this clip from the, the movie, if you remember the movie Dash is one of the children's. This is a superhero family and one of the children in the superhero family, his superpower is speed.


So he is at a school track meet and he's absolutely crushing the competition. Let's take a look. It says, Come on, You're competing in a girl's track meet, but you're trans A bit. Don't give up. Make it close. Second. Second. Yeah. So Mr. Incredible there. Superhero cheering on dash saying, you know, don't lose, don't give up, but make it close. Like you have to make it seem like you're not that much better than the rest of the competition. So I just find, I found that very funny.


I'm going to end the show with a, a racist cuddle puddle. If you don't know what that is, this is what it is. Sonic, I am so sorry I brought you into this racist ass home. Did either or you're not right When you do Two, you guys should be ashamed of yourselves. I need People to help me Out here. 'cause he doesn't have spots. Doesn't mean he can't sit in your cuddle puddle. I'm sorry, son. Aw, he doesn't get to sit in the puddle because the cuddle puddle. 'cause he doesn't have spots. Someone, someone commented, no spots, no spot in the cuddle puddle. That is someone else commented on Wednesdays, we wear polka dots.


You can't sit with us. That's a, a nod to the mean girls movie where you had to wear pink on Wednesdays. On Wednesdays we wear pink, and if you didn't wear pink, you couldn't sit with us. Meow. Fossa commented, it's not my fault, the printer ran out of ink. He's the only dog in the, in the litter that doesn't have spots on him. Someone else said, I think they spotted the difference. And then finally someone said, get me a sharpie. I'll fix it. So on that note, that's all I have for you. Thank you for scrolling along with me. I had so much fun.


Make sure that you're following on Apple Podcasts and on Spotify. Make sure that you're subscribed everywhere. Follow the Bonino report on Rumble Rumble dot com slash haley. We'll bring you to the show tomorrow and I'll see you then.