
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. So Folks, today is a a a a crazy day for me. This is my, my 50th anniversary of being born a 50 spins spin, 50 spins around the sun on this rock we call Earth and I I. Listen, I I just wanna say to you guys before we get started today, the Bonino Army out there. That's why I'm rocking the Bonino Army shirt man. I really, I really love you guys a lot and You know I said the, the most touching kind of tweet I think I ever got on time when someone said, no one thanks their audience more than Dan Bonino.


I'm not sure that's true or not. I haven't kept a thank you counter and I'm sure Levi and others love their audiences too. But I can tell you right now, no one loves their audience more than I love you guys. No, you may love them as much, but my heart is full. And I, I feel like I've lived a thousand lifetimes between government service, You know my PD and running for office and being an investor and stuff. But man, I gotta tell you, having all of you here with me every single day, you've enriched my life so much. And I woke up this morning so genuinely grateful for every one of you I've got. I was trying to read as many messages I can on Twitter.


I think I, happy birthday, Dan Justin sent me something this morning was like top five on X. So thank you all so much. But we do have a lot of stuff to deal with today. A lot, including a friend of mine who is a patriot, a man who has served his country with honor and dignity and valor who is under attack. And birthdays are cute and all and I love it and I appreciate it. But the country's more important than any of this. And we're under attack again as well. So I got a lot to get to.


Beam Cyber Monday Sales been extended exclusively for Bonino. Listeners, head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino, get a good night's sleep.


Today's show also brought to you by Birch Gold open an IRA in gold. With birch gold you can get free silver shipped directly to your home. That's right, it's the most wonderful time of the year, the only time of the year that Birch Gold gives away a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchase. And here's the best part, you don't have to pay a penny outta pocket. Simply convert an existing I RRA or 401k into a tax shelter IRA and physical gold and Birch Gold will send you a free silver coin directly to your home. Now you may be thinking, why do you need to diversify into gold? My guy's headed to dc. Things are good. Well here's the facts. Administration trying to reverse a $35 trillion national debt in just four years. Like a field miles trying to stop a freight train. It's tough. Can't even afford to pay the interest on the debt, let alone the principle. So take action now. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 before December 18th for a free info kit on gold and to claim your eligibility for free silver on qualifying purchases from Birch Gold. Do this before December 18th and again, text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for peace of mind that lasts longer than four years. Message and data rate supply.


All right fellas, let's go. I gotta wish a happy birthday to someone too. My nephew Joey who, who I love to death. It is his birthday today too. We were born on the same day and Paula's birthday is the same day as my father. So it's easy to remember a lot of this stuff folks. They are trying to, what is that? Oh, trends. Look at that. Happy birthday Dan. You guys are awesome man. Really? I love you guys so much. They are trying to Kavanaugh my friend Pete. Seth, look at that Chad, come on. You guys gonna be all choked up. You know I'm a big wus You. know I'm a big was besides the New York Times guy watching our show today, New York Times, right? He reached out.


I tell he watches our show every day. So welcome Stewart. It's good to see you. Apparently he's been analyzing our show and I'll show you the email in a little bit. But did you guys read it? Oh yeah. Apparently he's been watching our show and applied some rigorous analysis. It's like this amount of time you shit on the media. Well that's a shame. We need to shit on the media more. We haven't done enough. We'll throw up that little chart in a little bit. But guys, we're not shitting on the media enough on this show. Damn it. Thank you Stewart for keeping us frosty. You guys are great. They are trying to Kavanaugh Pete Hegseth folks, serious time. We are not letting this happen folks.


This is the hill to die on. They Kavanaugh, Pete Hegseth and folks, the swamps already one. They're doing it again. Your boy Dan here, does not let you down. I told you if we capitulated on gates, they were simply gonna move to someone else. It's not we us. It's these Republican rhino phony frauds. And what happened? They are doing it again. There is a concerted effort behind the scenes by a bunch of Republican. Remember, we don't need the Democrats. We have 53 Republicans in the new Senate. We don't need the Democrats. Matter of fact, we can have three Republicans who are fake like Murkowski, who's a garbage person.


Susan Collins in Maine. You get what you get, whatever. I don't expect anything from her and you're never gonna get it anyway. And then you can throw in this guy from Utah, this other one who looks like a total loser and and and you still at JD Vance is the tying vote. And the Republican party, the swampy that will vote for any shit. Bird Democrat you put up there. Merrick Garland, Alejandro Makis, Javier Baia as Joe Biden calls him the black guy, secretary of Defense. Some of you'll get that. That's not me folks. Biden doesn't know his name. What is, what is he called? Stewart Sta Stewart, right? Stewart's like, oh my gosh, he called the black Stewart.


Wake the fuck up. Go look at the video. The show's dedicated to Stewart today from the New York Times. Stewart. Don't ever email us. You're gonna become part of the show immediately. How much respect guys we have for the New York Times? Absolutely zero. Zero. I have zero respect. Avita can send me a post from a 12-year-old writing a blog about the Auburn Tigers. I trust that cat more than I trust the New York Times. Whatever the New York Times says, I assume the opposite is true. They are trying to Kavanaugh Hegseth. Now how many freaking times do I have to explain the left wing?


Wait is someone putting a counter for Stewart? We have started Stewart officially attacking assholes in the media. Let's get the counter going. The left wing media practices. So Alinsky's rules for radicals. You know. So Alinsky, so Alinsky was a left wing organizer. What are they doing? I told you if you didn't continue, rock 'em, sock 'em robots, stick it in the chat. Rock 'em, sock 'em. Robots kids. If you don't do rock 'em sock em robots and keep hitting them, then what's gonna happen? Put up. Rule number 11, the media are left-wing organizers folks, they're not actual journalists.


Stewart doesn't plan on writing an objective piece doing journalistic skills and applying them. Stewart's trying to take a dump on right wingers 'cause he disagrees with us. So what do you do? The same thing they're doing with Pete. Pick the target. Pete Hegg said freeze it, personalize it, polarize it. Don't, don't attack abstractions, corporations or bureaucracies. Identify a responsible individual. Pete. Ignore attempts to shift or spread the blame. How many times do I gotta explain this? You now, gee, who never says anything about anything ever.


Gee's, only answers are yes or no. That's it. You gotta like, you have to talk in code to, gee reminds me of that movie The Martian. When they figure out a way and they can only talk in like yes or nos because the camera can only 0.1. That's gh. He never says anything ever. GH comes in this morning, he goes, You know what they need to do. They need to nominate someone else. They do. They need to pick someone who is gonna stir up the media machine and throw that name out there right away. Rock 'em. Soccer robots. I'm not saying sabotage anything or anyone, I'm just saying pick some patriot they hate for, they just hate 'em because they're a conservative. And then blow the new cycle out tomorrow. Because why?


Because. So alinsky's rules work for us too. Rule number seven, kids, sorry the other way, everything's backwards. A tactic that drags on for too long becomes a drag commitment may become ritualistic as people turn to other issues, people will turn to other issues if you give them other issues. Listen, I know everybody knows what they're doing. I'm not trying to get up anyone's caboose here, right? I'm just telling you right now that you gotta shake up the news cycle. Pete is being character assassinated because that's what the media does. They are left wing organizers. These are not journalists.


They are assholes. They have never been journalists in their entire lives. Nobody respects them. They don't even understand that we, we are the news now we the Bonino Army rules. You guys can genuflect before us now. We're in charge. You suck. Nobody trusts you and everybody watches us because you suck. I need you now get on the phone. I don't care where you're from respectfully 'cause the other don't do anything else but respectfully You, know the rules. Get on the phone and start tweeting at Joni Ernst, Lindsey Graham and that you talk.


What's his name? Curtis. I hear this is another guy. Get on the phone folks. This stuff matters. I'm telling you guys in the Senate, if you really believe that this show Benny's show, Charlie Kirk show Dili's meme team and others, if you really believe we're just gonna forget. Oh no. They'll just forget about it. They'll just forget about it. You are in for another tea party revolution. We're getting tired of this shit. You got your scalp, you knocked out gates. We're not letting this go. Pete is the guy. Here's Pete, just this morning and do not withdraw your name.


Listen to me. Do not withdraw your name no matter what. President Trump should come out on the record today and say there's gonna be an up or down vote. I want everyone on the record. Everyone forget Collins and Murkowski. You're not gonna get anything from them. Murkowski's a, a a, the biggest scrub in the Senate. An absolute life loser with not a shred of human dignity. She is the only politician in the country where seriously there's a part of me that says You know what? I'd almost rather lose that seat to a Democrat if chairmanships weren't involved. That way we can get rid of the Democrat in six years because we're stuck with this loser for life.


She's never gonna go away. She has no set of ethics at all. Collins is in Maine. Don't even worry about Collins. I'm sir, you're not gonna get any better. I'm really sorry. Reminds me like Mark Kirk in Illinois. You got what you got. Murkowski is from Alaska. You're never gonna meet a bigger group of Patriots. This is bullshit. Here's Pete this morning. He says he's not true. Do not drop out, do not withdraw your name. We lose this. They're gonna have Mike Flin and Kavanaugh them and then the swamps gonna know they're back in charge. And we're gonna be fighting every freaking foreign war with a woke military cutting troops nuts off for on your taxpayer dime while a guy with a root canal can't go out in the field to fight.


Check this out. Have you had any conversations with the president elect about replacing you with Governor DeSantis? I spoke to the president elect this morning. He said Keep going, keep fighting behind you all the way. So you're in this all the way. Why would I back down? I've always been a fighter. I'm here for the war fighters. This personal, passionate for me Not withdrawing your name from consideration. Just to be clear. Meeting all day with senators. I know your mom was just on Fox. She says that you are a change. Please do not withdraw your name please.


If you go down with this, I want everyone on the record, ladies and gentlemen, we're in charge. Now you can say all you want. It's bravado. You guys are cocky You. know what you can do. You can go fuck yourself. We are in charge. Throw it up. We're in charge. If this live search app number one live stream in the world, it's this little army we put together right here, pat McAfee sports guy. What's he getting paid? 20, 30 million a year at SPN. We're working in the back of a converted apartment with a TV screen behind us and we're kicking the shit out of everyone. We're in charge now. That's why the New York Times come to us with their lips attached to our ass. Can you comment on us or here?


You wanna see the studio? Look at that. That's like crap on the floor. I don't even know 'cause we're not even done moving yet to the new studio. This is like a desk in the back of the place. ESPN is what? A $27 trillion budget. I love Pad M, nice guys, sports, whatever. We win. We win every day. We're in charge. But being in charge comes with responsibility folks. We've got a movement to protect. And Pete Hegseth is more than just about Pete Hegseth. Yes, Pete is my friend. Disclosure and he has been for a long time. I got a lot of friends. You ever see the movie Unforgiven?


I got a lot of friends. What does the guy say in response? I don't. I don't have a lot of friends, but Pete's one of them. I'm a hard guy to get along with, man. I mean it. And ask my wife, she'll tell you she will. I'm a hard guy to get along with. She's been with me a long time. I got a lot of issues man. And I have no, no problem putting him on the air. I always think back to that crazy Howard Stern movie where he says he's gonna go for it. I decided to go for it a long time ago and I knew that was gonna open me up to a lot of criticism. But I don't have a lot of friends.


I don't trust a lot of people. I trust Pete. We gotta Vita in the studio today. And I know something very sensitive to her. Obviously her mom, Rachel's worked with Pete for a long time. But You know Vita's very concerned about our military footprint all over the world. Seems like a lot of people are making a lot of money off putting our kids heads on the chopping block. I'm no isolationist but I certainly in an interventionist either. And Pete, he's one of those guys who's gonna look and go, is this really America first or is this America last? Us being over there and there's a war machine where trillions of dollars. It doesn't like that they're trying to sabotage Pete because there are people in the United States Senate on the Democrat and Republican side who have had arms industry, weapons, industry lobbyists up their ass for 20 years and they're telling them, this is our hill to die on.


Well fuck, this is our hill to die on too because You know who's gonna die. Your kids and your kids after that. In a number of bullshit foreign enterprises where we have zero interest whatsoever, 'cause castrated fucking eunuchs who have no balls to do with themselves, don't have a fucking shred of integrity or anything else. Want your kids to go over and fight somewhere. Somewhere. They don't have a shred of balls to fight themselves. And they are afraid that Pete, he is gonna ask one simple question. Why?


There's money to be made in your kid's blood. Folks, we have a military for a reason. We we're not here to duck every fight there are are fights we have to fight. You hit us, you knocked down our buildings, then we are gonna fuck you up. But man, we don't need us boots in every single country on earth for kids dying and blood on foreign soil because some lobbyist has a freaking pipeline somewhere they need protected. That's bullshit. And that's exactly what's happening right now to Pete Hegseth. I'm sorry about the language, but I I my giving a fucks counter. Today is zero. I've been listening to this shit for two weeks now.


There is no backing down if we back down on this. I'm telling you they the transition guys, if you back away, you fuck this thing up, they will never stop. It is not about Pete. You see all these bullshit stories at Fox. Here's someone you guys may know, You know Rachel from Fox, Avitas mom. I've known Rachel A. Long time. I feel like I grew up with Rachel. I watched him on the real world when I was a kid. I feel like I've, I've known her forever. Rachel knows Pete a little bit, right? Avita like, Avitas like holy shit, I think they work together. Yeah, they like sit next to each other. It's kind of weird for like a long time, for like eight hours on the weekend by the way.


It's actually more than eight hours. 'cause the show starts at six on the weekends. Fox and Friends where Pete and Will and Rachel are on the couch. And here's the thing folks, it's called the curvy Couch. Do You know why it's called the curvy Couch? Because it's fucking curved. So someone's like breathing in your face. So it's so weird. They're like, Pete, Hank said Charles, I'm drunk. And they're like, really? I worked at Fox, worked at Fox and with Fox for like well over 10 years. That's crazy. Like I've been at hundreds of events. Repeat, it's weird how I've never seen that. But who gives a shit what I think? I mean Rachel's sitting right there for like eight hours and another two hours before this guy like he's had a beer, a NYT for he could smell really?


You would think they'd ask Rachel, right? I mean she kind of would like know and stuff. Here's Rachel and Will. I'll put 'em on one tree. Rachel and Will who actually work with 'em. NBC News have put out this story attacking Pete. They never even reached out. And Rachel by the way, who you rarely, if ever curses ever says your story is quote horse shit. I will second that. There's Will Kane, will sits right next to Pete, did some sumo wrestling with him once. Will says Your story's horse shit. Put my name on it on the record.


Well fuck Wads and NBC we're in charge now, not you. And you can put my name on the record too. I don't work with him as much as Will and Rachel do, but I've known him a long, I met Pete at CPAC I think in like 2010. I have known Pete a long time. Pete is a patriot. Pete is an amazing father and a good man. Don't tell me. Oh he's made a lot of mistakes. No shit. I made a lot of mistakes. You wanna hear my mistakes? Sometime I'll do a whole show on him. You'll be like, holy shit, you made a lot of mistakes. And it's not just me and it's not just Will. And it's not just Rachel.


It's Will Case my producer Who knew Peter Fox and Friends, it's Janice Dean. The does the weather at Fox. It's a Brianna Morello has her own show who worked at Fox. It's amazing that everybody's willing to go on the record, say the story's bullshit. And the only people propagating the war machine attack on Pete Hegg said are people who don't have the balls. The balls. No nuts to go on the record and put your mother name on it. Cowards. Cowards. We can't.


We are not folding on this folks. We are not folding on this. You understand? Bonino Army put American. Put an American flag in the chat right now and break this, burn this chat to the ground American flags for Pete Hegg Seth. He's gotta tattooed on him because he believes in it. We all got problems folks. I just told you my I I love that movie Unforgiven. And when he shoots the guy, he feels bad about it. I guess he had it coming. What's the other line? We all got it coming. We all got it coming. Pete's a good man.


Yeah, look at that. Burn it down. Burn it down. You see that Stewart? Have we not spent enough time shitting on you guys yet? Start your clock again. That's an American flag. It's not the Soviet, you get that The Email up yet? Oh my gosh. We haven't even talked about Stewart yet. Stewart. Stewart and his New York Times. People have a the Soviet Union Hammer and Sickle in there. There's one or two that's Stewart. He's commenting as he's gonna try to jump into Mc Groins group. Stewart McGrain or so someone steal that right away. Stewart NY team mc. This show's too much fun man. I think I like Melted.


Rumble is Rumble man. The Army's powerful. 200 per second. Yes. Yes. Stewart, we're in charge now. Stuart. Neil before Zod. Stewart kneel before Zod. Alright. Fuck you. Never send us an email. Don't send us an email. It ain't gonna end well unless you're a conservative person then we love you. Conservative media. Reach out anytime. I'm, I'm way over.


Hey we're all feeling good about where the country's headed. What a great time for my Patriot supply.com. Stewart, pay attention to this ad too because it does focus on emergencies that actually happen. You know like floods and hurricanes and like wars and stuff like that. They're emergencies. You know why they're emergencies 'cause you didn't see 'em coming. Stuart's like I'm not prepared for that. Of course you're not. That's why my audience goes to my Patriot supply 'cause they are prepared. Stuart will be knocking on the door. Can I have yours? Emergency food? You cannot Stu, sorry. You are right there. Exactly. He's emergency food kits, solar power generators, water treatment systems. They're the best in the business. Get prepared today with my Patriot Supply. Get their four week emergency food kit steward by the way. They have a sale $50 off. I have an emergency food kit multiples for every member of my family stored around my house because I don't wanna die if there's an emergency and we gotta wait for the government 'cause the government will fail you. The four week emergency food kit has some of my favorite meals. Creamy Alfredo pasta, snacks like banana chips. They're all delicious. With warehouses located across America, my Patriot Supply I can send you a four week emergency food kit in as little as one day. So go to my patriot supply.com to get your four week emergency food kit now. And remember you can get it for $50 off, but don't wait. Emergencies can happen anytime. And do just watch the news, prepare today, support these companies that support us. My patriot supply.com to get your four week emergency food kit. Now that's my patriot supply.com. Thanks my patriot supply.com. You've been with us a long time man.


Is that chat still going? Holy Moses man, you guys are on fire today. You were tearing it up. I mean did we, Chris at Rumble, have we melted his headquarters on fire right now? Now we are not. Unfortunately, Pete's not the only one under attack because Rumble and those of you that invested your time and assets into Rumble, of course it's publicly traded. As many of You know, I own a good chunk of Rumble as a company, as an equity holder. I'm not a manager there. Again, I'm an equity holder. 'cause I invest in the parallel economy. Have for a long time. You get the point. Who cares. Stewart Thompson in the New York Times and every other left wing bullshit outlet, they, they, they reach out.


What would you say guys, every three weeks to a month and they write the exact same piece every time. Let me summarize. Seward stewards from the New York Times, you reach out, I'm, I'm gonna tell you his piece right now. They're gonna go to Rumble, which has millions upon millions of hours of content. They're gonna find some guy who like kicked his dog on Rumble one time and gonna be like, ible abuse on Rumble. This the, the, it's call the police, shut it down. They're gonna reach out to the uk, France, Joe Biden, ban Rumble. It doesn't matter that there's probably like some ritualistic satanic thing going on on YouTube or elsewhere. They don't care because Rumble is committed to free speech and a conservative guy, one of many invested in it.


They're gonna call it right wing, doesn't matter. Glenn Greenwald's on there. Russell Bran and a bunch of left wingers because we believe in free speech. Stewart doesn't give a shit. So here's gonna be the headline Rumble Bad evil conservatives and it's gonna be 9,000 words on all kinds of bullshit. Okay? So Stewart Thompson, who today we have declared Public Enemy number one on The Dan. Bongino Show. He writes to producer Jim yesterday. Which is a big mistake because producer Jim and I are pretty tight. So when producer Jim gets this of course he comes right to me and goes, how should we filet this idiot? He says, Hey Jim, I'm writing from the New York Times. That's all I need to hear.


I I don't even need the rest of it. All you had to say Stuart, is I'm writing for the New York test to which we immediately do what We go ta you're writing for the new. That's hilarious. That's really funny. We're working on a story about Rumble that mentions The Dan Bongino Show and oh oh a vita's part of this too. The early edition with Avita. I'm sure they're gonna call her a Nazi racist fascist. Just like the we're like we're like a a tag team. Now remember like You know what they're gonna call us. Remember like the WWE back in Nikita Khrushchev and the Iron Sheik. That's gonna be me and Avita right now. I guarantee you I'm contacting to let You know. You don't have to let us know Stewart. We don't give a fuck.


You're the New York Times and to seek comment, we'll give you a comment. Here it is. The overall story is about the universe of content that exists on Rumble. Here we go. How the news and opinion on Rumble contrast with coverage from other news sources. What do you mean? Like you dip shits at the New York Times reported there was a PPE tape they were investigating and a collusion hoax and you fell for it and we exposed you. Is that what you mean by other content? He notes to complete the story. I deleted my other news sources and relied on Rumble for a week. Wow, what a back to journalism man. You are really good at this. I'll include how Dan's work has mentioned the story. I don't give a shit if you include how I'm in the story or not.


So you could be made aware. This is like the intimidation thing, which is hilarious 'cause you'll kneel before Zod fuck wad. But we're in charge now. Not you. You don't, you can be mad. I'm making you aware that now we're in charge. How does that sound? Useful context. I'd love to speak with them. You're speaking with me now. Go fuck yourself. There you go. So we can include his thoughts and perspectives about Rumble in the story, which I think would benefit readers. You have readers last time I checked you don't have we got viewers. You don't have readers. So producer Jim always entrepreneurial wrote this beautiful literalist. Oh wait, wait, there's more. Yeah, he, oh he's, he says, here's what we're gonna mention in the story that where Rumbles most watch show whatever I worked for Fox News that the podcast is probably, he's not gonna mention any of this stuff he's at.


This is all like him trying to grease us up. I I know these, these losers, right? So here's Jim's responses. Okay, go. Go to the response part. Hi Stewart. Just taking a wild guess but I'm guessing this will be the thousandth or so hit piece on Rumble. 'cause you don't like our stand for free speech in the first amendment, which is ironic 'cause you work for your newspaper and you use those very things to your advantage to pedal conspiracies. Dis guy's a zoos. Yes. Yes dude. If that's not a ready karate man in the cha Wait this is a left leg karate man. Dude, I never go left leg 'cause of my bad knee sidekick left leg.


This is like Ralph Macchio karate kid. Wha wha There was never a karate man. This was in. He writes, if the New York Times is willing to knowingly push a false collusion hoax for years amongst many other hoaxes, we don't really expect a fair account of what Rumble actually does. And he's very nice here. We prefer not to participate in whatever fake news story you're gonna write. Thanks for reaching out. Have a wonderful rest of the day. We don't give a shit about the New York Times bro.


You are not in charge anymore. Heal before hot. Cutesy time is over. Even Tapper told you cutesy time is over. Kids, you're not in charge anymore. I'm sorry. I know it hurts. Maybe mommy, get the wipees out for you. Maybe make you some s'mores, maybe a pop dart. We're in charge now. Chew won that shit. I'm serious by the way. Don't ever email us. Don't 'cause you're gonna become part of the show. I have zero respect for you guys at all.


Zero. You're a left wing guy that's an actual journalist or a guy who You know doesn't share my politics Like a Glenn Greenwald But. he does actual journalism. You reach out anytime, respect you scumbags. Nah, you get nothing from me except kneel before Zod. We're in charge now.


Quick break 'cause I know Stewart's interested in our advertisers too. May I recommend you try out Field of Greens? Why? Because I just had some blood work done a little while ago. Did you see my text from Dr. Neil b? He is one of these life hack doctors I love who's always looking into life hacks and ways to make your life better. I just did a bunch of blood work. Dr. Neil shoots me a text. The blood work was amazing. A1C apo, lipoprotein cholesterol, all this stuff. And I read you the text. He's like, brother, I don't know what the hell you're doing but keep doing it. I think it may have something to do with field agrees that I'm not making that up. I'm not making that up. What's field agrees? It's a life-changing super fruit and vegetable drink that promises you're a doctor like Dr. Neil will notice your improved health from good nutrition or your money back. The Black Friday sale also includes lean, the physician formulated weight loss phenomenon that helps turn and burn excess fat and energy. You are asking me Danny B, how'd you lose 30 lbs Lean. Also try Radiance. Come on my skin. I've been in the sun forever. I don't even use these sunscreen. I know it's bad. I get it. I'm not telling you. I'm just saying it doesn't look too bad for a 50-year-old cat. Right? Try Radiance. It's a collagen accelerator with four times more health and anti-aging power than the influencer collagen. Yeah, that's on sale too. From weight loss to sleep aids, creatine to Whole Food Barge, they're all on sale. Visit field of greens.com today. This company's been with me forever. Use the code sale field of greens.com. Use code sale field of greens.com last time. Don't forget promo code sale@fieldofgreens.com and our last sponsor today before we get back to the show for Stewart, is the timer off Stewart or does this go through the, is it because this company Stewart's really gonna hate, don't you think guys, Stewart, you're gonna hate this company. This is the greatest ad I'm ever gonna read for Blackout Coffee. That anyone who works in the New York Times hates blackout coffee, which means what? You should buy it. Why? Because they are awake but they ain't woke. Start your day off with the official coffee of The Dan, Bongino Show. Dan, you sound like you had a couple cups today. No, I'm just really upset that the New York Times keeps going after a friend of mine and nobody's reading them anymore and they don't like it. So drink a cup of blackout coffee to get you through the workday. It's bold but it's never bitter. They use premium grade beans. It's absolutely delicious. Give it a try. Folks support the parallel economy but not because they just say so the coffee's damn good. Try the cinnamon french toast. The blueberry crumble stuff is amazing. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. So do me a favor, go to blackout coffee.com/bonino. See what I'm talking about? I love this company. The owner is a patriot. They love you. The New York Times hates blackout coffee. That's why you need to drink it. That's blackout coffee.com/bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your order. Anger the New York Times and Steward. Make the switch to blackout coffee today. Blackout coffee.com/bonino. Thanks for your patience. We got great sponsors, we appreciate it.


So there's more of course going on folks. It is getting bad enough. The New York Times and others are upset that we're the news now and they aren't. But everything they tell you, CNN and otherwise than the New York Times, you can assume is a lie. It's why roughly 70% of Americans use the New York Times when they run out of toilet paper. CNN as well. CNN's a little harder 'cause there's not a print edition of a video channel. But if CNN were a newspaper and you ran out of toilet paper and had an incident, you would use CNN. So CNN is reporting if he's, according to breaking 9 1 1, the cash Patel Trump's picked to lead the FBI and another good man, oh by the way, if the swamp gets rid of Pete Cash is next an n Tulsi and NRFK and your cabinet.


Keep that up a second. Your cabinet, we were joking this morning. Your cabinet will be Adam Kinzinger, Mitt Romney, Jeff Flake, Rex Tillerson and Mike Pompeo. That'll be your cabinet. We, the line in the sand has been drawn. They're saying the Kash Patel CNN's reporting has been targeted in an Iranian hack and the actors have have accessed at least some of his communications. I saw someone reply to this, said they miss the, Yeah, I I. I I. You stole my thunder. You see me? So folks in the chat, I'm just saying this for Stewart because Stewart at the New York Times probably gonna report this uncritically too. Who actually believes that this is an Iranian hack?


Anyone in the chat? Yes, I believe CNN that it was definitely an Iranian hack who actually believes that. Okay, I'm gonna guess Bino get on the case. The answer is freaking nobody, folks, somebody accessed Cash Patel's email and I would be deeply surprised if there wasn't some role of some malicious political actor involved in this too, as they say in the Queen's. I'm not saying, I'm just saying. I mean, why would you believe anything the media says? Remember when we saw videos of Biden tripping and falling all over the place, disappearing off camera, stumbling through speeches, trying to take the class photo at, what was it, the G seven event and then wandering off to talk to talk to a parachute.


Remember that? And they told us what do you remember the story? These are cheap fakes. These aren't real, like they're cheap fakes. They're actual videos. Well, it happened again yesterday. Here's our president with oatmeal for brains over in Angola walking around and thankfully the Angola president catches him because Joe Biden, who of course can't at this point is really having a tough time and and listen again, I wish no ill will on this guy personally, I wanna be clear. I don't wanna see this. Oh, oh, oh, there we go again folks. How, how much of can we please folks? There's 40 days left to the Biden team. I know I'm not your friend. You don't like me.


I don't like you just like I don't like Stewart in the New York Times. Okay, I don't wish Ill on anybody. Can you please just plant this guy in a White House or Delaware? It's over. The real president right now, I'm sorry, is not with the political power, may not have any executive power, but the political power is with Donald Trump. Donald Trump is dictating border policy, drug policy at the border, tariff policy, economic policy. All of these tech leaders and business leaders are going to Mar-a-Lago. They're not going to the White House. It is clear as day. You can ignore it all. You want that? Yes, there's one president at a time. He is the president. I wish he wasn't But. he is. We're stuck with him for 40 days. He has no political power at all.


His political bank account's been drained. He's humiliating the United States around the world. Just put the guy in the White House or Delaware, go out on the beach. Have a good time. You've done enough damage to the country. Just stop. It's almost over. Let it go. Here it is. Yeah, there's Donald Trump really with the old Canada TR social post. He's got more done with that communist up north in the last like 25 minutes, probably on the phone with him than Biden has in three and a half years. Just You know Motley crew girl. Don't go away mad. Just go away Biden, just go away. We don't at this point. we do. We're done. You pardon you. You have the constitutional power to pardon him.


It wasn't disgrace. It's a black guy in the country. Just please stop. It's embarrassing at this point. Here's some good news. Well, in addition to it being my 50th spin, I can't believe it. I, I. I'm like I, I'm like really shocked by this. Folks in the chat when you were fifties, you feel officially old like 40. Remember like ah, forties to new 30, like fifties to new. Nothing like fifties, still 50 and You. know what I'm saying? Fifties is not like the new 40 fifties is like the new 60 I think. I don't know, like when you're 50, you're 50. But there's actual good news in addition to me being 50 years old. Oh, look at the damn Gino. Don't get dead.


Don't get dead. So thankfully, thank you, my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, I love you. I've not gotten dead yet, 50 years. But folks, there are other people or other people around the country who are starting to follow the Dan Bonino principle of is it bad enough yet? It's something we discussed on the show often and You know, again, we use a lot of humor on the show, but I'm serious about it because I've lived through two of these. I've lived through two significant political punctuated equilibrium moments where the dinosaurs get wiped out. One of 'em, I was obviously very young. I'm not gonna pretend I was knee deep in politics. I was You know 10 years old. But the Reagan revolution where the entire country seemed to seismically shift to the right in just a period of a few years.


But I lived through it again in New York City with the Rudy Giuliani era. And I'm gonna tell you something, things have to get really, really bad for hardcore Democrat voters to wake up to the evils of left-wing communism. And that's what it is in the United States. So I would ask the question a lot. We even have shirts that say it, is it bad enough yet? And that doesn't go away. We're getting there. We're getting there. I wanna show you this clip outta Chicago. Folks. The worst mayor in the country at this point, I think it's hard to argue is Brendan Johnson in Chicago. I mean, how bad of a mayor do you have to be?


This guy's worse than Lori Lightfoot. He makes, that's a good point. Avita didn't know Chicago well from college and Michael's from well born in Chicago, but Lori Lightfoot, remember Lori Lightfoot? He actually makes Lori Lightfoot look like Giuliani from New York. I mean this guy is unbelievable. Imagine being in Chicago where you got this city council full of Commies and you push a tax hike and you don't get a single come vote for it. Do You know how bad you have to suck? This guy is destroying, he wants to pull down the police cameras. So it's like, ah, rapes, robberies. Ah, at least you're not on tape and get away with it. Some residents showed up to talk to Brandon Johnson at one of these little public meetings.


It did not end well. Folks, if we can shift the politics of inner cities like I went through with Giuliani in New York and even start pulling 25% of the black vote there and the Hispanic vote and or maybe more, the Democrat party's finished, their socialism will have been fully exposed. Watch this. You Told Trump you ain't gonna blink. Well we ain't either, right? You went above the law and what you gonna run to when Trump pours that Trump caught out on you. There's a 10 year prison sentence when you wanna stand up here for those illegals. You all sit up there and said, you will not allow Trump to come in here and get these illegals.


Yeah, you could smile. We are in a billion dollar deficit and you spent half of our money, half of that on Illegals. You campaign. You campaign and double down that you would not raise property taxes. I ain't gonna do that. You campaign went around doing that and here we are right now. You wanted to race our taxes. 300 million, they shut it down. Now we back here for 150 million. Is it bad enough yet? It is for those residents. Folks don't tell me, oh, we're never gonna win the inner city vote. Illinois a lost cause.


New York's a lost cause. California's a lost cause. You know I I may have thought that five years ago, but it's gotten so bad right now that causes you thought were lost may be found again. Well show us some evidence. Okay? That's what I'm here for because unlike Stewart, you got the timer on Stewart from the New York Times. I actually do investigative reporting and back things up with receipts. Unlike Stewart, I there a PP tape. Joe, have you ever seen the tape? No. A dude told another dude who told another dude. That's the New York Times. I did. So here's what evidence looks like. Here's evidence of political wind are changing. There is no bigger political animal anywhere than Eric Adams, the mayor of New York City.


None by the way. I met him at the UFC. Doesn't change my political commentary at all. It was very nice. However, Eric Adams a terrible mayor. He has been, he still is. Eric Adams a liberal mayor in New York City. This guy is licking his finger and sensing the political winds. He's the mayor of liberal New York City and yet yesterday he's talking about deporting illegal criminals from the city. No, yes, no. What did we celebrating? No, he should have done it a long time ago. I'm just telling you the Dan Bonino theory of is it bad enough yet? I think we're almost there.


Let me, let me You know what's interesting, and I was talking to the team the other day. I want you to all go back and, and Google Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, Google what they said about those who commit crimes in our city and what they said in our country. They said, those who commit crimes need to get out right away. That was their position. So this is not a new position You know because in the state of of, in the, in the era of cancel culture, no one's afraid to be honest about the truth. Well cancel me because I'm going to protect the people of this city.


And if you come into this country, in this city and think you're going to harm innocent New Yorkers and innocent migrants and asylum seekers, this is not the mayor you want to be in the city under Bob I mean I. I. Again, unlike Stewie, we actually produce receipts. That's an actual receipt. We're like the grocery store folks. The winds are changing Now. New York state is still busy. I just saw something like they're counting votes still amazing. California's like, we just decided a congress race. The election when the, the election feels like it was seven years ago. California's just decided. You don't find it weird like Stewie from the New York Times. Gee, why do people think elections in this country are bullshit or not free and fair?


Gee, I don't know. Just about every liberal state in the country spends weeks counting votes and oh look, they never seem to go in the Republicans direction. So strange how that happens. Dude, that's a big coincidence. Yeah, we got it folks. There's an awakening going on again, it's happening late, but I'll take it. I'll take it. These are called receipts. Here's another one. This guy, Charlemagne, very popular show has a really large black audience which matters because this is a community we need to do better outreach to. We're not done folks. We got about 15% of the vote I want 40. Well, that's not possible really. They told us the same thing about the Hispanic vote and we're almost at 50%.


So I don't accept not possible very popular audience. Here he is talking about the pardon of Hunter Biden, one of the biggest scandals in US history that Joe and Hunter Biden running an international crime operation are gonna get away from it because Joe Biden essentially pardoned himself by pardoning his kid. Check this out. Hunter Was singled out because he broke the law. Let's, that's number one. He was singled out because he had an illegal gun in tax evasion charges, not because he was the president's son. And I honestly don't care. I just want Democrats to stop acting like they are on this moral high ground politically when they have shown us they're not You know whether it's skipping the primary process when Biden has stepped down and things like Biden, pardon his pardoning, his son, stop acting like y'all the pure party and Republicans aren't.


And it also shows me elected officials can do whatever they want as long as they have the political will and courage to do it. Abs We need more of this. More, more Kylo Ren style. We need more folks. This stuff matters. We're not gonna get people overnight. There's not always a road to Damascus moment, okay? Sometimes people take a long time to come over. This is why I've been telling you as MAGA supporters and supporters of the movement, some people take a while, some people take a long time. It's up to us to open the tent. It doesn't mean you gotta trust everyone with like sensitive information. They could turn around and screw you in a minute if they weren't there from the beginning. I have very little faith in them. But if they're gonna vote for us, don't say no.


Why? Because I can't say this enough to you. And the Wall Street Journal wrote a, a really good piece about this the other day. Donald Trump's greatest gift to the Republican party is not gonna be the Abraham Accords. The tax cuts, the judicial appointments, the regulatory reform. Those are great things. Point stipulated. I'm telling you, his lasting gift to the party that nobody, nobody in the modern era has been able to crack is his ability to speak to working class voters. Black voters, Hispanic voters, Asian voters, Puerto Rican voters.


'cause you say Hispanic voters, they, they share nothing in common besides a language. Puerto Rican voters, voters from Spain who may have come over here, they don't even live close to each other. They speak the same thing saying, oh, you and Australians are the same because what are you talking about? Wall Street Journal. It's a good piece, man. It's worth your time. Donald Trump's Rainbow Coalition, his biggest vote gains from 2020 came in states with the most immigrants and he seems to have broken the Democrat monopoly on the black vote. Folks, this is, if you listen to my podcast, Stuart, go back and do some investigative reporting. Get you go earn your freaking money.


Okay, Neil, do what? Do what we tell you. We're in charge of him. Get on it. Whip itty. Come on, Ty. Split. Get on it. Go back and listen to my podcast from the first few days. I mean the first few days I did in 2015, I have been talking about the Republican Party's inability. I mean, I'm not the only one. It's not like I discovered the problem. However, having run in Maryland, which has a significant black population and a really large, wealthy, prosperous black, middle and upper middle class, I knocked on a lot of doors. I have been talking about this problem for years. Trump has solved the problem or made attempts to solve the problem and made inroads.


It is gonna be his greatest gift. Did you see this tweet by Mario Neal? By the way, now you see how bad Kamala's campaign screwed up with all these groups. She failed to flip a single county in the 2024 election. That's the first time this has happened since the Halon days of 1932. You're talking about almost a hundred years. She didn't flip a single county. Do You know how bad you have to suck? How bad do you have to suck to be with an identity politics candidate where you that you've made that to bedrock of your campaign and you didn't flip a single county. You'd think the New York Times be looking into that.


How bad they suck. Look at his ju, look at his map. How do you not flip a single county? That's almost impossible folks. We have broken the media's monopoly on the information exchange happening in this country. We did this all of you out there and on this 50th birthday of mine. I'm gonna tell you, man, I can't thank you enough. There are a lot of people who talk in front of a microphone, a lot of them. You made this show powerful and through our investments and Rumble and elsewhere, we've given people an ability to speak. And because you have the ability to speak.


People like the New York Times and the Washington Post, their business model of lying for profit is under attack and You know what broke them, most of all. Covid, forcing people to stick a needle into their arm, put a freaking dumb ass face diaper on their face. Look, it's gonna protect you against Covid. Really? That's amazing. Every single freaking person who put a mask on got covid. It's the most in. Imagine that with condoms. Hey, put a condom on and every girl you have sex with gets pregnant. You'd be like, that's the worst condom ever. This is the freaking mask thing and morons fell for it. CVID broke the media monopoly because no one believed them anymore.


Imagine being steward at the New York Times, right? The paper's like investigator the indicates that masks are an extremely effective tool. Dr. Fauci said, and every freaking person in your household wearing a mask gets sick. You're like, wait, these people are kind of full of shit. Why do I bring this up? The Covid fiasco broke the media. You wanna find out how we're in charge? This is how, here's our good friend Eric Daughtry. There's a new covid committee report that released its final report after a two year investigation. Did you hear about the findings that our na, NIH, your taxpayer funded National Institutes of Health funded gain of function research at the Wuhan Lab? How does that make you feel? Kids, you're busting your ass for a living while the government steals your money.


And who are they giving it to? The Wuhan lab to infect the world with a deadly virus? Is it that special? They note the constitution can't be suspended in times of crisis. We needed a report on that. I was always under the impression that the Constitution wasn't a suggestion. What do I know? I mean, I'm not an attorney or anything. Covid emerge from a lab. Leak is quote, not a conspiracy theory. Thanks. We said that five years ago. Peter Akk should never again receive taxpayer funds. Public health officials have lost the trust of the people. Trump's operation. Wart speed was a success.


Eh? The Covid response was rampant with fraud, waste, and abuse. The prescription cannot be worse than the disease. Lockdowns had horrific consequences. Folks, you remember this from fauci on the vax. You were lied to. You were lied to over and over and over by the New York Times. And by the way, the one of the things, the New York Times guy, this clown steward, he's like, oh man, you guys never criticized Trump. I'm a MAGA supporter. Dumbass. It's an opinion show. And by the way, do you even listen to the show? You stupid?


We disagree with Trump on a lot of things. Do you even listen to how do we feel about tariffs? Guys, didn't you hear me mention it yesterday? Don't like 'em. We just talked about it yesterday. I said if they escalate 'em to deescalate 'em, it could be talked into it. We don't agree on abortion. We actually had a disagreement on the show about it. I don't ag I don't like warp speed. I don't like the end result of it. I like the fact that he pushed, pushed these entities to get something done. However, the something that resulted in I don't agree with. What are you talking about? We're not little lemming jerk wads like you. That's how you guys fell for this shit. Here's your expert, Dr. Fauci hat. Is this a maze more clip hat tip?


The great maze more? Thank you for the happy birthday maze. We appreciate it. Here's Fauci, take you do it. 27 different opinions on the VAX in just a matter of a couple years. Check this out. You might Have virus in your nasal pharynx and even though you really feel well, you could inadvertently pass it on to someone else. It is very unlikely that a vaccinated person, even if there's a breakthrough infection, would transmit it to someone else. If you're vaccinated, you really don't need to worry about getting it in a way that's serious or transmitting. You nailed it, Claire, Chris. That's correct. Okay. That's absolutely correct. You are absolutely right. You said it correctly. The wrist is extremely low of getting infected, of getting sick or of transmitting it to anybody else.


You should care because if you get infected and you are not vaccinated, there is a chance, maybe a likelihood that you will be part of the dynamics of the continuation of the chain of transmission. Namely, you will inadvertently or innocently transmit it to someone else who will then transmit it to someone else. And I don't think anyone would intentionally want to be part of the transmission chain. You wanna be a dead end to the virus. So when the virus gets to you, you stop it. You don't allow it to use you as the stepping stone to the next person.


Vaccinated people are clearly capable of transmitting the infection to an uninfected person. I I I a steward from the New York Times, like, which one of those takes do you actually believe? I thought he was an expert. He's an expert, right? He's like a doctor. And all You know I'm not a doctor and And guys, I figured it out pretty quick. You know what happened. A lot of people got the vaccine wound up getting covid. I was like, wait, that dude just told me he got the vaccine. Now he's sick. But you're not a doctor. I'm not a freaking il. Put on a mask, put on everybody who wore that got sick. Oh, here's the New York Times, Dana g Smith.


Now you see why no one watches the New York Times content or reads their content anymore. It's time to wear a mask again. Health experts say, listen to this shit. There is strong evidence that masks help to reduce the transmission of several respiratory viruses. You guys are good. You guys are good at the New York Times. Thanks for reaching out, Stu. Hope you enjoyed the show today. Don't email us ever again. Don't waste your time. The oxygen you sucked out of the universe while typing that thing is a total waste because we're gonna humiliate you because we're in charge. Now, I know you don't like it, but I don't give a shit, does my audience?


We're the boss. We're the news. Not you. That's gotta hurt, right? A hundred years of lying to America, billions of dollars of wasted money down the drain, lying to people and me and Avita sitting here in the back of a converted apartment. I won't be able to say that anymore. By the way, we're the new studio, which is nice. But, we built this here. Started with me and Paula, an intern. Justin, he's like 17. Got Vita's husband Michael, who's really smart. He's like a math guy. And then gee, who just doesn't speak ever. And we win every time. Isn't that weird? Pisses you off. I know. Weird folks, thanks again for tuning in.


Do me a favor, give a double barrel middle finger to the New York Times collectively and download the Rumble app because they hate Rumble because we actually believe in free speech. So you'd be doing us a big favor. The app is free. Or if you wanna watch every day at 11:00 AM where we give the middle finger to the New York Times every day, Rumble dot com slash bonino, just click that follow button. And if you really wanna piss him off, go over to Apple and Spotify. I'm sure he'll be writing a piece requesting that they boycott us tomorrow. And make sure you follow the show over there too. I appreciate it. See you here in the radio show in a few minutes. Man. That was the show. Today was the show. What? What a show that with man. Thank you. How many people we got? I didn't even look how many people we got it for Stewart. That was our peak. Anybody know that? Like did we?


1 55. 1 55. That's a badass audience man, for a Wednesday. Thank you for all the birthday stuff. I really appreciate it. You guys are the best. I'll see you back here tomorrow. You just heard The damn Bon Gino show.