
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino You know I gotta start the show today with a double thank you to the powerful growing. I mean, it's probably one of the largest land armies anywhere in the known cosmos. I mean, you ever see ice pirates in like the eighties where it's like poor man Star Wars? Like anywhere in the cosmos there's like the empire, then there's a Bino army, you guys and ladies out there you go, kicking ass and taking names. Two big thank yous. I'll get to one of them in a second about the show. But tampon Tim, we reached out to one of the generals in the Bongino army.


He's got his own army and due respect our boy Kat Turd. And we said we gotta get tampon. Tim trending. Not only was it trending, it's now a worldwide phenomenon covered on Fox News, Breitbart all over radio. You know the do of the Explorer thing? Nah, nah, no, we did it. We did it. We did it again. Lomos. We did it. Kids Pacino army. We get shit done. I got another thank you coming up. Big show too. On a very serious note. I told you about the election interference plot. Don't you find it awfully weird? There's a hackers for Kamala Harris that Oh, that's what the, that is really Big show today.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every day. Go get it now. Sleep at the roughing, the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


Big huge show today. More whistleblowers coming forward. I'm getting information by the minute about the growing deep state debacle.


Hey, a lot of Americans out there are tired and frustrated by stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault in their values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. Proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life. Our military and first responder heroes Take a stand for conservative causes today. Put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile. You'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers because Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. When you'll get a free month when you sign up, use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your value so they have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thank you Patriot Mobile.


Alright fellas, let's go. So I gave you a big thank you for tampon, Tim, that's coming up a little bit later. Ladies and gentlemen, listen, I, I'm sorry to tell you, but we live in the TikTok, Snapchat social media x YouTube, Rumble era. A lot of people out there don't have time to sit down there and study white papers every day. And if we're not gonna be good at the me wars and political marketing, then we're useless. I've said to you a thousand times, And. I never want you to forget this. The problem with the Republican party in the past pre you guys, pre this guy, pre that lady over there, avita pre us, right? The problem was we would go into a methadone clinic and start talking about the Laffer Curve. The Laffer Curve's a great thing. It's good to understand Art Laffer concept of marginal tax rates.


However, when a guy's dying in the methadone clinic, he doesn't give a shit about the Laffer Curve, the Democrats were just better now we are better. Now we're in charge. You've got meme teams out there, you got the Dilly guys, you've got Cat turd. You've got people out there taking over the internet and you know what? The political opponents of us can laugh all they want. We're in charge now. Do you, have you ever seen that Bain scene in Batman? Do you feel like you are in charge because you're not? We are, we are. Everybody was talking about Tampon Tim last night, so let's keep it going. He wants tampons in the boys' bathroom. The guy's a governor of a major state. That's his priority. That's not gonna be his priority as vice president too. Tampon's here.


Tampon's every be like Oprah. You got a tampon, you got a tampon, you get a Tampa, you have everything against a Tampa. Is that what's gonna be happening? It's up to us to highlight how crazy these people are. And keep in mind the story is only funny, tragically funny because it's true. That's why the left wants it to go away Big thank you to Bino Army two for this A, B, C news forced to cover the great Avita Duffy's explosive launch onto the podcast scene one of the top 10 new podcasts out there. Apple Podcast top news shows you'll see down there. Look that looks familiar. Bonino report early edition with Avita A, b, C at.


That's, that's so great. Congratulations. Make sure you subscribe. Rumble dot com slash bonino report. You'll see a Vita show right there every morning. 9:00 AM Eastern time, also kicking ass, taking names. Bonino Army. Look at this jump. Here's the industry rankings and the top podcast in America. Yeah, I'm proud. You should be proud too 'cause you did it. Unique monthly audience in the United States for July. The DB show. Danny boom, bots jumping four spots into the top five. We're coming for you. Next Dateline, NBC and the liberals ahead of us. Five baby thanks to you and the Bonino army. Much love. I'd pat my heart with my fist, but my elbows don't work so it doesn't matter.


Alright, back to the real stuff. Thank you very much again. I appreciate it's all due to you. I told you what was gonna happen with this secret service story folks, this is a deep state freaking debacle. There are a number of enormous scandals surrounding the Secret Service that speak to problems with the secret service, the FBI and the deep state. It's not just the assassination plot, which no one can seem to explain. Do you notice this kid's been memory hold? No one's asking any questions. He's got no social media history. He was a loner. He was working with no with with absolutely no one. Sure, totally memory hold and we're all supposed to let it go.


I'm not letting it go. Okay, scandal, number one, scandal. Number two, cocaine at the White House. We now find out the Secret Service. Probably knew had the cocaine at the White House, just like I told you. Just like I says as my grandmother. So I says, and he says, just like I says, they knew they had a partial DNA hit, scrapped it, tried to make it go away. I want criminal investigations. Finally, you've got the January 6th text. The Secret Service may disappear because Kamala Harris was in the DNC in Washington DC mysteriously and a pipe bomb was outside. You haven't heard anything about these stories. If it wasn't for Susan c Crabtree, Julie Kelly, Darren Beatty and a few others, you would hear nothing. They're trying to memory hole this whole thing. So I said to you, watch what's gonna happen.


Listen to me please. This is really important. Okay, funny time is over. There are massive amounts of whistleblowers at this point coming to me, Susan, Julie, you have no idea. It is. I don't mean to sound like a dick, I'm saying you. It is a it is now. It's not even a fire. The fire hydrant's been run over and information's coming from so many different people. Folks, I've had to tell a few guys, like I thank you, I appreciate it. But I've already heard that from someone else. If the Secret Service thinks they're gonna escape scrutiny when Donald Trump wins, you're outta your mind. Here's what the deep state's afraid of. You're tracking. Donald Trump is not a newbie anymore.


He's got four years of governing experience under his belt. When he gets into office this time, it's gonna be completely different. He knows where the bodies are buried and he understands the tricks, I promise you. And so do his people. I promise you, he totally gets it. The deep state folks at the FBI in the intelligence community, the Secret Service and elsewhere are freaking terrified. They are really scared. You gotta remember a lot of these people don't mistake them for geniuses. They're not. A lot of 'em are morons who got promoted up to the ranks by kissing people's asses. They thought they were safe with another dem, another democratic term where they could retire and get a nice cushy job in the bank. Now they're realizing that's not gonna happen. Now they're realizing a lot of 'em are probably gonna get fired or pushed out and they're freaking out.


So they're trying to get on the right side of the Trump administration and the Republicans. So what did I say to you a couple weeks ago? Do you remember? I said Watch, they're gonna take a bath now you're gonna see all this stuff start to come out from people leaking to Trump. People and conservative people. 'cause they wanna get on the good side. Oh, look at this Post-millennial breaking news, Pakistani national arrested for plot to assassinate Trump. DOJ knew about the scheme in April. Now, Ladies and gentlemen, let me just say, do we have, yes we do all the gizmos. We still got 'em. I want to get these out here. When does this come out again? What do you think? 300,000, 300, something like that.


Sorry folks. I walked away from the microphone. People hate that. 300,000 and we'll whip out the dig guys. However, I'm throwing the penalty flag on this one. We are throwing the flag. Really? The DOJ knew about the scheme in April. So, okay, let's just assume this story for a second. And this is a big assumption. Like a huge assumption is 100% accurate and this isn't another one of these setup things. Okay? But everybody's, everybody's throwing a red flag. They knew about it in April. Guys, what month is it? Does anybody know? It's not April. It's not April. That's correct. They had to think about that. I believe it's August. I would be correct. So you've, so we've known about this allegedly this scheme to assassinate Trump since April.


It's now August and yet the Secret Service has admitted that they denied multiple security requests from Donald Trump. So assuming this story is true, you've got a major government scandal where the agency literally hired to keep President Trump alive, created a dangerous security situation by withholding security assets despite knowing there were multiple plots. 'cause this is now one of many to kill Donald Trump. That's assuming it's true. Either way, it's a scandal. Assume there's a slight amount of embellishment here and the Department of Justice and the FBI is trying to get out ahead of this thing by looking like, look, look what we're doing to try to protect Trump now that he was shot in the head and someone was murdered in one of his sites and that this case may be slightly embellished.


I don't know which one is true. I'm gonna apply the Bonino rule. I don't like getting out ahead of it either way. Ladies and gentlemen, someone's taken a bath, they're putting this stuff out there in advance. 'cause they're now terrified, especially after the launch of tampon, Tim yesterday that Donald Trump is gonna win. And you gotta remember for a lot of, even though a lot of these guys and women in charge of the Secret Service, FBI and CIA are total hacks and goofballs and insiders and some of 'em straight up, I mean straight up corruption that should be criminally investigated. They still need to keep their jobs and get paid and they don't want to be fired 'cause they'll never get another job. They are taking a bath info is being pushed out left and right. Oh look, we got a whistleblower on the cocaine scandal.


Oh my gosh. Look, the DHS text, here's the OIG report. You don't think this is weird. Folks in the chat, you think this is an accident. It is not a freaking accident. I just saw someone in the chat, by the way. They said their grandmother likes my show because my voice is soothing, soothing. One thing I'm not. I appreciate it. Love you man. I'm definitely not soothing, but it's real. It's real. And we have been on point. I warned you two weeks ago you were, again, two weeks ahead of the cycle. Remember I said you're gonna see a bevy of new stories come out as government insiders start pushing information out to try to get on the right side so they don't get fired.


I'm telling you, that's exactly what this is. Here's another one, Josh Hawley's tweet. Josh Hawley is a Republican senator from Missouri. He's been all over this Secret service case. New whistleblowers tell me, the lead site agent in charge of the Butler rally was known to be inexperienced, ineffective, and not up to the job. And on the day failed to implement basic security protocols. Yet this person is still on active duty. Why sound familiar? Ladies and gentlemen, you know what I would sh, this is a new notebook for me. I would show you the notebook again two weeks ago where I told you what was one of the questions I told you to ask, who was the quote site agent on that day.


So you understand the breakdown of duties within the Secret Service when there's a protection mission in your district. The Pittsburgh field office covers Butler Pen, Pennsylvania, okay? There is a lead agent from that office, the Pittsburgh office that that's responsible for the whole trip, the airport, the site, everything. Copy. You're tracking each individual site, the airport where Trump lands and the Butler's Farm Farm Bureau site all have individual site agents that are in charge of those sites. I told you two weeks ago, get the name of the site agent and see who approved that ridiculous security plan that got someone killed where they left the rooftop open 130 yards away and did nothing about it.


Failed to implement basic security protocols. The person is still on active duty. How is that? How is it that a site agent, they put together a security plan that got a guy murdered and President Trump and two others shot is still working protection. You wanna get ahead of the news cycle here. Let me tell you what I think is happening. Why am I getting something in my ear? Is that H you playing? Yeah. Yeah. It's alright. Let me tell you what I think is happening here folks. I think you're going to find that that site agent may have been given that because If, you get a couple whistleblowers that come forward.


The Secret Service has this box checking thing. You have to check a bunch of boxes to get promoted. They're kind of informal but everybody knows they're real. You have to do an airport, a big site, a small site, and then a lead and then you get to all this other stuff. I can almost guarantee you this was some kind of quota thing that this person was given this site. Not based on skill or merit 'cause of what I just told you two weeks ahead. Today's what? August 7th is it? So right around the 20th or 21st you'll have someone tweet out new whistleblower says site agent was given sight, not based on merit.


Two, two weeks ahead. I'd like to say flag it folks, but it's getting tiresome. And honestly, like I said, And, I mean it. Who really cares who's first on the story? It doesn't make a difference. It really doesn't. I'm proud of Hawley and others for getting to the bottom of it. And if they have a channel to get this stuff out, run with it. Please. It's about keeping Trump alive. It's not about who got the story first. Not at all. Listen, I'm gonna warn you, man, again to the Secret Service folks, you better come clean in management. I have got whistleblowers reaching out left and right and I'm telling you the day Donald Trump wins, if he does, knock on wood, no red wave talk, you are going to see a cavalry come in of people opening their mouths.


They should have done it sooner. I agree. And no one deserves a cookie for doing the right thing. The right thing is the right thing. I'm just saying If, you think you're gonna escape this? Hide the cocaine story, the J six story and all of this nonsense that happened with this failed site plan that led to a murder. Oh look, the guy was on the roof and nobody knows me. He has no social media history. I'm telling you right now, you're crazy. Start preparing folks. Damage control has begun. Did you see what we started yesterday? Bon Gino Army. don don't wanna lose my flag. I love you guys.


You guys are the best folks. Listen man, I wish politics was a more cerebral business. I do. I ran for office. I know what it's like. I really genuinely wish that overwhelmingly large portions of America were interested in white papers. A lot of people are, however, some people are doing things like making the country work. They're installing HVAC systems, they're transporting natural gas around the country. They're not gonna read your 51 page paper because they're actually working for a living. Okay? That's what people like I who don't have real jobs. Do people with real jobs are making America work. My point is, a lot of times politics is what soundbites and snapshots.


So if we can get a soundbite out there, you're damn right we're gonna do it. And one of the things I wanna emphasize yesterday is you now have a ticket that is crazy. Kamala Harris and Tim Walls, this is the worst, most progressive communist ticket we have seen since freaking Walter Mondale and Geraldine Ferraro who got smoked. You have never seen a ticket so left in your life. We have to make sure we work on the political marketing angle. It matters. The left has been doing it forever. I can prove it to you. They drive around with their bumper stickers, coexist, tolerance. They don't mean that shit. Are you kidding? To throw you in jail? If, you are in Mom's for Liberty. They don't wanna coexist with anyone but their own crazy selves.


It's all marketing and it's all BS Play. This Hannity clip, I want you to hear this first. This is last night. This is how effective you guys were in getting tampon. Tim running out there again. Big thanks to Cat third. They're calling him tonight. Tampon Tim Tam. Tim, Is that what you were doing? Yeah, when I heard that I'm Like. what the hell am I hearing all I hear, right? What? What's going on in my ear there like a sound malfunction? Mm, Ladies and gentlemen, you did that. You did that by the way. Who's giving me $20 in the chat? 20. You don't have to do that. I appreciate it guys. but I'm not asking for your money.


It's very generous to you. I see the chat stewards who are, who is that? Can we, you know I never Real is rare. Real is rare. I JW jw. Thank you. But you guys really don't have to do that. Keith, hold on to your money. Times are tough. I promise you. I don't. I don't. I don't need it. We have sponsors who pay for the show. They keep the show free. And I like to keep it free for you guys. So I deeply appreciate it. But I'm one of the few guys on this platform not asking you for money. We have an ad supported platform so I can keep it free for you. That's the goal. But thank you very much. It means a lot. I'm gonna get back to tampon Tim in a second. And the damage you guys did to this guy yesterday, the damage control is on. I'm getting from good sources. And I mean good ones that they are now a little bit freaked out about how bad the launch of tampon Tim once went yesterday.


They needed someone to blunt the message that Kamala Harris is the communist. She is not highlighted. This has gotten really bad.


Hey, today we welcome one of our newest sponsors to the show, Burnout. Hey, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Listen, I'm a big Second Amendment guy. I think you know that. Okay? But lethal force is the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family, right? Your instinct may be to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if there was a way to deescalate the situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force? Burna, B-Y-R-N-A, they have this non-lethal pistol launch or a cuper tear gas and kinetic ammo. It can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. We just need protection to make sure we can diffuse the situation and drive that threat away. I've trained with firearms all of my adult life. Love my firearms, always have, but the pistol burner sent me is one of the easiest to learn and use. If. you don't own a firearm. It's a great option to have made in America. Illegal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit bya.com/dan today. You'll get that 10% discount if you're one of my listeners. That's b yna.com/dan b yna.com/dan, check it out. You won't regret it. Berna. Thanks Berna.


Okay, back to the show. Damage control has begun. What a disastrous launch yesterday. Tampon Tim and the border czar Kamala Harris. That is the only way you should refer to these people. Border Czar Harris Tampon. Tim, you should refer to them as nothing else 'cause that's exactly what they are. Why is it tragically hilarious? Because it's true. It is a tragedy. Kamala Harris was in charge of the border while 20 million people invaded the country tampon. Tim was putting tampons in the boy's bathroom while Minnesota burned to the ground and the state is being evacuated by just about every person with an income that wants to work for a living special hat tip to our boy cat turd. If you're not following him, you're making a big mistake at Cat Turd.


Two. He knows this was yesterday, right after the show. He knows there it is. Dot do tampon him the number one trend in the United States. There you go, right there. Politics trending. Listen to me. I'm gonna tell you, right, Now, you can laugh this stuff off all you want, laugh it off all you want. Oh this is mature. All this stuff really. They made a story about JD Vance and a couch like made it up and they think this is hilarious. Why? Because they know people Look it up now. It's your job to go look up tampon Tim and the horse.


Well you let, well you let you, you've looked it up already. I wouldn't. I mean, I'm not saying you should look it up. I'm just I'm 'cause it may not be true. You know, like they, I'm just saying like the left can, I mean, you know, you just just do your thing at tampon. Tim's an awfully weird guy, isn't he? By the way, this tweet by Julie Kelly is very, very interesting. Here's Politico. Yesterday the Democrats got a really big problem, Politico's reporting Shapiro called Kamala Harris after their meeting Sunday and basically bowed out, Right?


Folks in the chat, you see what's going on here, you guys picking up what I'm putting down? The Democrats have a really, really serious problem. I'm gonna play a Van Jones clip in a minute. I wanna get the cringey Kamala first. However, the Democrats have a problem right now. Everyone who's got a brain who's gonna vote for a Democrat, diehard Democrats who actually follow politics, kind of the inverse of you, right? You're the conservatives of follow politics. We're the diehards. Everyone knows that Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, who did a much better job than either Kamala Harris or Tim Walls at that ridiculous event they had yesterday, right? Looked like a Taylor Swift concert or something that the lights are going on. Everything like that. It's all Astro ter fake and phony. You're gonna see that in the coming weeks, right?


Josh Shapiro, by far gave the best speech. So a lot of Democrats are asking, wait, we need Pennsylvania. He's the governor there. He's strangely popular even though he is a radical himself. So why was he kept off the ticket? There's an answer. No Jews allowed on the Democrat top ticket for the presidency that that's just the way it is because they've got themselves a serious antisemitism problem. So let's go back to the Julie Kelly tweet for a second. Here comes Politico. Bring in the righty. You know, remember the bullpen car? Remember you'd come in in the bullpen. Remember that back in the day? Now they run outta the bullpen. Back in the day they had the bullpen car. Out of the bullpen comes politico to try to save Kamala Harris.


so they're reporting this story that Shapiro bowed out. In other words, we're not a bunch of anti-Semites trying to keep a Jewish man off our ticket. It was Shapiro bada. Sure, sure. Anyone in the chat falling for this? By the way, Bino on the case. Yes, I'm falling for this. No, I'm very smart. I'm not a moron. Yes, I'm falling for this and I'm an idiot. No, that may slant the Bino coverage just a little bit. This is some serious bull. There is no way that happened. You're telling me the guy that lobbied so hard to be the vice President Shapiro, all of a sudden at the last minute changed his mind?


Yeah, here's cringey Kamala with tampon. Tim, here's the border czar last night. These two are some of the weirdest people you've ever seen. You see the handshake, by the way, the dude like handshakes his wife or something and he's like, oh look, maybe we should hug. What a freaking weirdo. but I want you to listen. These two have absolutely no political skills at all. And it's like instead of a symbiosis where they combine and they like, you know that they fill in where someone's lapsing something they're actually adding to the like compounding interest of a disaster. Watch this. Good evening. Good evening. Good, good evening everyone.


Good evening. Good evening Folks. I just noticed something. I'm not, this was not part of the show. I just noticed this. Watching it here. I was so fascinated by the you. You see, you see the weirdo wave. Okay, watch this. Why? What folks If, you wa listen on Apple. Look. Look. What is he looking at? What? Wait, wait folks in the chat, is he the new sniffer? Is he well? Is is is he like, do we have another sniffer? Sniffer? This is a good, that's a good point, Justin. Yet folks, we got another sniffer out there. Cat, turd, I don. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I don't wanna change tampon Tim or anything, but do we have a sniffer?


What is he doing? What is he staring at folks? Is this real? Don't be like, oh Dan, you're creating some conspiracy theory. This is real footage. This is not AI generated. What is he doing? Why is he, what is he staring at? That is weird. We've got another sniffer. This guy is like Joe Biden except he doesn't have as much hair and he smiles. So look at him. Not only is he into tampons in the boys' room, he makes these weird, I look. Look at the, what is that? What is that? What is what is going on? Did someone just cattle prod him or something? What is happening here? And look at the faces on these two.


You've got the cler and the sniffer. Look, he's taking a sniff. Did you See it? Wait to rewind that. Rewind the tape folks. Yep. So watch, watch. Big sniff right here. Watch, watch. Good, good. Yeah. Wait, wait one more time. Look at him. He's getting to whiff that air. He's like good evening. He's even clapping afterwards. These two are freaking weird. You gotta watch this video. I didn't even pick this up when I said it over the two weirdest people to ever run for the presidency on the same ticket. You got a sniffer and a cackler and they're both commies the com sniffer and the com cackler.


Freaking weirdos, dude. Total weirdos. Did you by the way, more people giving money, I told you not to give money. That wasn't like some backdoor. Wait, now everybody's giving money. We don't need keep your money please. That's very generous to you, but you don't have to do that. I love you guys. You're the best. That was not like some trick. Let me say don't get money. so they give up. I promise that was not a trick. We had weirdos here. I wanna take a break, but I wanna play this quick. This is the Van Jones thing I was talking about. Again, back to serious time. Okay, these two are freaking weird and they've got a real problem on the Democrat ticket. The best candidate they could have picked for the vice presidency is the Pennsylvania governor who was kept off the ticket because he's Jewish and everybody knows him.


I want you to listen to, this is Van Jones, he's not one of us. You think I'm crazy And it's a conspiracy theory. This guy's a die hard devout leftist saying exactly what I told you. It's an important clip. It's about a minute, but listen to every second of it. This is real. There's a real fight going on the Democrat party right now. Check this out. He's going. Do you think it was a little risky though Van that that she didn't go with Shapiro to kind of lock down Pennsylvania? I mean, yes, David Chaing were saying earlier, just 'cause you pick him as you're running mate doesn't mean you automatically win Pennsylvania. but I gotta think it would've helped just a little bit. Hey listen that that the, the conservatives, the right wing, the Republicans, they were chewing their fingernails down to the knuckle because they were afraid of a Josh Shapiro. They were afraid of Omar Kelly.


They're not as afraid of this new governor 'cause they think they can define him. And I. But so here, here's the challenge you've got in this party and you know people don't wanna talk about it, we gotta talk about it. On the one hand, you have a, a lot of young people who are concerned about Gaza. You have a lot of Muslims and Arabs and others. They have not felt seen by the Biden administration. You start, start hearing that genocide joke that was building, that was building. And so those folks needed to have a, a candidate that they could feel comfortable with. This helps them in that regard. But you also have antisemitism that has gotten marbled into this party. You can be for the Palestinians without being an anti-Jewish bigot, but there are some anti-Jewish bigots out there and there's some disquiet now and there has to be.


How much of what just happened is caving into some of these darker parts in the party? A lot of it, practically all of it. Again, you can call it a conspiracy theory. All you want that is their guys. They're not my guys. I have no allegiance to Van Jones in the left. That's their guys talking about the growing bigotry problem on the left folks, they've got issues man, I got a clip coming up next too. You think this guy tampon Tim is helping in Minnesota. Oh he is. It's a swing state number one. We haven't won Minnesota in like forever. Even Reagan reelection, he lost one state. You know what it was Minnesota. I'm not saying we can't be competitive and shouldn't fight there.


We should. We actually came close. I'm just saying like they think this guy is gonna help them in Minnesota because he is the governor there. He's not even that popular in a blue state. We haven't won forever in Minnesota. I'll show you what I mean coming up in case you're even remotely confused about this guy.


Hey, you wanna energize your brand Lands and Outfitters who partner with you to provide clothing that unites your team and makes your brand stand out. Land's End provides quality apparel featuring your logo and colors, all designed by their expert outfitters. And with decades of outfitting experience Land End Land's End Outfitters provides a seamless solution so you could focus on your business for more than 30 years. Some of the world's top brands have relied on Lanzen Outfitters to outfit thousands of employees. They design branded apparel people wanna wear that fits everybody and delivers confidence. Lanzen Outfitters is the leading online supplier or branded apparel, whatever your business. They'll create products tailored to your needs. And with Lanza's, every business is treated like a VIP. Whether you have five employees or 500, see why thousands of brands count on LANs End Outfitters. Go to business dot LANs end.com/bonino and use promo code Bonino for 20% off your order. Or check 'em out today, that's business dot LANs end.com/bonino promo code bonino for 20% off your order. Check 'em out, we appreciate it.


And our last sponsor today, you asked MyPillow, listen, they're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now for only 1998. We just bought new ones. We are moving. We got some new pillows from MyPillow. MyPillow is made with patented adjustable fill that adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned and holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25. The brand new mattress topper as low as 60, 69 0.98 and get their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. So go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow only 1998. That's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today. Thank you MyPillow. We appreciate it folks.


Again, I just wanna play this for you. So you, you, you, you, you know, unlike the left, the left doesn't understand us, but we understand them because we play clips by Van Jones and Bill Maher and others. We don't like these people. They're not our friends, but we're never gonna beat them if we don't understand them. Tactically that's important. I hope you guys get that. I mean it, you're all that matters to me. This show. I promise you I say that with absolute candor and sincerity from my this, it's, it's as pure as the driven Snow. And I tell you that I don't play this stuff to piss you off. Why do we care what M-S-N-B-C is saying? We care because they talk in a bubble but we don't. We pierce their bubble all the time. They are genuinely worried about this guy. I don't give a shit what anybody is telling you from the hack media.


Oh yeah, Tim Wall is such a great pick. He's awesome. He's gonna finish off the ticket. He's gonna, yeah, he's gonna finish him off. All right. There is a growing portion of the Democrat party after yesterday's disastrous launch that is absolutely freaked out here. Look at the polling for this guy. This is an NBC clip. M-S-N-B-C, the polling for the guy in Minnesota where he's supposed to be the most popular. He's not even popular there. Check this out. Now here's the key 'cause this county Democrats used to be much more competitive in, look at this. In 2012, Barack Obama won 43% of the vote in this county. It was only a little bit more than 10 points that he lost to Romney by here. The floor fell out for Democrats here when Trump came along in that Clinton race in 2016 and they haven't recovered it since.


And that wall's performance here, it's a little less than Biden's number. It's more than Clinton's and it's a far cry from what Obama was doing here. And again, I'm showing you one, this is a stand in for dozens of counties in Minnesota where you saw this same thing Folks, the guy is not even as popular as Obama and Biden in his own state. How the hell is he gonna get elected? Hey, I'm gonna let you on a little secret too. You guys ready? A very good source of mine who practically nails the Democrat party's inner consciousness the entire time. A very good source man.


I haven't told the fellas this yet, has told me that Team Biden is freaking pissed. They wanted Shapiro because their thinking is this, if they step aside than Kamala Harris, damn well better win if they step aside, they think the history will treat the Democrats, the Biden family better. Oh, what a magnanimous move. What a generous guy. He handed off power The the Kamala Harris wound up winning. It was all just dude and chronological time, not Biden being a terrible president. You tracking me in the chat? This is super important. Although they hate each other right now, Biden and Kamala Harris, they do take it to the bank.


Trust me on this. Biden still needs Harris to win, not for Harris, but for him. If Kamala Harris gets crushed, which they think with Tim Walls, she might, I'm not telling you get into the red wave stuff, I'm just telling you what I'm hearing from a source. The Biden team is now terrified. Kamala Harris made a horrible pick and is gonna get destroyed now it looks even worse now it looks like this weak senile guy destroyed the party. You following me? Stayed in too long, did a debate he shouldn't have done, got his ass kicked, bailed out for an even weaker candidate who then turned the country over to Trump. Media people, media people. You taking notes, pen notepad that this source is spot on the Biden.


People are furious at this. Tim Walls pick. There is a massive schism in the party. You know what the Biden people see? One benefit Biden has for the Democrats, not for America and for sane people is Biden has been around forever. He's been in office since 1842 and he's seen every single presidential election since prior to Lincoln. Okay, the dude has been around for he's never had a real job. Put that map up. What is this? Anyone know? Well if you're looking, you'll see at the top, this was the last time a Minnesota liberal ran for the presidency against a pretty popular guy who was effectively an incumbent.


That's what Trump is. He's effectively running as an incumbent for reelection. I know he is. I understand. But this is Reagan Mondale Mondale won one state, Ladies and gentlemen Minnesota. One state, yes, one state. He won DC But DC's outta state, New York, Reagan, California, Reagan, Colorado, Reagan, Illinois, Reagan. He won 525 electoral votes to 13 Minnesota and Washington DC with its three 10 and three at the time.


And then conveniently, the last time someone ran as a vice president with the name Tim against Donald Trump, they also got smoke too. Granted, that's a looser connection. I get it. You don't think Biden knows this? Biden didn't want Tim Mall's folks. The Biden team thought he was the worst pick possible and they are afraid. Kamala Harris may get smoked in a landslide and now Biden's gonna look like the guy who stayed in too long and handed the campaign, handed the presidency and the campaign to one Donald J. Trump. They are in an awful situation.


Don't get ahead of yourself. Nobody get too happy about anything 'cause they're gonna cheat. I'm telling you how, coming up in a minute, I wanna play some clips quick for you. This is an absolutely savage ad. The Trump team. I told you memes matter sound bites and snapshots. There is nobody better at the Trump team and surrogates out there. The second Tim Walls tampon Tim was announced as the radical communist vice president. This ad launched absolutely savage and it's savage because it's all true. Check this out. What could be weirder than signing a bill into law that requires schools to stock tampons in boys' bathrooms or weirder than signing legislation, allowing minors to receive sex change operations.


Try electing the man who signed those bills. Vice president of the United States enter chief weirdo Tim Walls as governor of Minnesota Walls supported legislation that endangers minors, herds women, and puts radical ideology ahead of common sense. Now, Kamala wants walls to enforce those laws on a national scale. Tim Walls too weird, too radical, Absolutely savage. There he is. These guys, you guys are quick. Not part of the show. Did this on the fly. There he is. Hero of the tampon in the boys room.


Tim Walls holding up. It looks like a lightning going there. Like he's holding a Zeus like a lightning bolt up there. Look at him. The Mount Olympus of communist holding up the tampon. Good job tampon. Tim, you are the what a pick. Like I said, if we all sat here and did a little like a, like a, I'll throw the Star Wars thing out for these 'cause they love Star Wars. If this was like the Jedi Council and we had to pick someone to fight against, you don't wanna pick, you know, you wanna pick like the one of the lesser Dar You. Don't wanna pick like the most powerful one. I would definitely pick tampon. Tim Walls. Caroline Levitt is one of Trump's spokespeople. She's terrific. I met her at a, at a basketball game one time. She was super nice to me and my crew.


She's awesome. She is an absolute beast on the air. And believe me, I mean that as a compliment. She went on Fox yesterday and just destroyed this guy. Let me tell you something. This is a masterclass on how it's done. You get about three to five minutes max on the air when you ma, when you're on the air. If you're a surrogate or you're a person with a profile, Fox News, max OAN calls you up, right? Bart someone else. You maximize your time and you hit all the high points. You do it exactly like this. Check this out. This decision choosing Tim Waltz. She has proven just how dangerously liberal she is. Tim Waltz is one of the most far left governors in America, much like Kamala Harris. He supports wide open borders. He supports sanctuary cities in Minnesota.


He signed a bill giving licenses to illegal immigrants. Tim Waltz, like Kamala Harris is soft on crime. He also supports the defund the police movement. In fact, in Minnesota, violent crime has increased by 21% since he has been governor. And like Kamala Harris, Tim Waltz is anti-American energy. He signed a bill to ban carbon based fuels in Minnesota by 2040. That is a threat to our national security. That is a gift to China. If Americans want to know what a Harris Waltz America would look like, look at the streets of Minneapolis in the summer of 2020 when they were literally burned to the ground. Look at the streets of San Francisco.


Their liberal utopia is every American's worst nightmare and will spend the next 92 days ensuring every American knows how radical the Harris Waltz ticket is. Caroline? Yes. Yes ma'am. That's how it's done. You get three minutes on the air, you make sure you get 'em all out there. Tampon, Tim licenses for illegals. BLM supporter, sex changes, post birth abortion. It's got another name, homicide. She's all about Minnesota. What the fifth highest tax rate in the nation. Death tax in Minnesota. You wanna die and give taxes more money to the government you've been taxed on your whole life. Move to Minnesota education, struggling.


He doesn't want teachers who look like him. Why? Why? What's wrong with teachers who look like you? I'm not talking about the sniffing and other stuff. What's wrong? What's wrong? You wanna explain that to all the teachers out there who may look like you? Tim wanna explain why they can't teach and why your state's struggling in education? Here's our excellent vice presidential candidate who I promise the more you learn about, the more you're gonna love. Here's JD Vance. You are not gonna find a finer spar with the media than this guy. He's not afraid of him at all because they're all morons and he's not here he is calling out the moron media like you know, you guys are up my butt all day asking questions and Donald Trump.


Yeah, you don't seem to be curious that there's a war breaking out in the Middle East and there's already a war in the Middle East, but potential global war breaking out in the Middle East, right? And you, you're not even remotely curious where the president and vice president are. 'cause they haven't really given any interviews on this or anything else. Check this out. This Is a guy who's proposed shipping more manufacturing jobs to China, who wants to make the American people more reliant on garbage energy instead of good American energy and has proposed defunding the police just as Kamala Harris does. I think it's interesting actually, they, they make an interesting tag team because of course Tim Waltz allowed rioters to burn down Minneapolis in the summer of 2020. And then the few who got caught, Kamala Harris helped bail them outta jail.


So it, it is more instructive for what it says about Kamala Harris, that she doesn't care about the border, she doesn't care about crime, she doesn't care about American energy and most importantly, she doesn't care about the Americans who have been made to suffer under those policies. Look at that, look at that. And then no notes. There's not a note card. There's not a handler whispering in his ear. No earpiece. He doesn't need a teleprompter. Look, he just answers questions. By the way, that was the best line of the day. Tampon Tim Walls let the rioters rampage through the streets. Well, don't worry, Kamala Harris helped bail him out. There he is. New emoji for the chat. You guys gotta download all the emojis or whatever, however that works.


Just put some, put 'em in there right now. He's, I'm telling you, he's like Zeus holding up a lightning bolt. There he is. That's his thing. The tampon, that's what he's worried about. Not that his state's burning to the ground. Here he is. He wants to start a ladder factory. Did you see this yesterday, by the way, I love this stupid talking point. Walls don't work. You could build a ladder. Yeah, you could also skydive over the wall too. It doesn't mean it doesn't create an obstacle for you to walk through the border rather easily. Of course walls can be climbed. Of course walls can be, you can drop someone on the other side. Of course you can break through them, but it creates an obstacle.


That's what the law is. There's a reason in liberal run areas that people have to put up plexiglass walls between the person who owns the bodega or the convenience store on the outside. Not because it can't be penetrated by a high powered rifle, but because liberals run the place and it makes it just a little bit harder to rob it. Little coaching job for liberals here he is saying, you know what, we'll just build a ladder. Listen to this moron. Check this out. And I. Think seeing a plan that's out there talking about it with folks knowing that he's not gonna do anything. You know, he talks about this wall. I always say, let me know how high it is. If it's 25 feet, then I'll invest in the 30 foot ladder factory.


That's not how you stop this. You believe these idiots, that line practice, oh, of course that line is pr. Michael says that line is practiced. He practiced that all day in front of a mirror while he was busy. Like, how do I not, he was, he was trying to resist the urge to sniff the camera guy. Did you see him? A magnetic pull and he had to stop himself like the wheels, they had to put a chalk on the wheels of the, of the chair. He was sitting 'cause of the urge to sniff. Here's another gem. Here he is smiling, as you know, he, he wants to coach illegals on how to, he wants to give them ladders to get over the wall. By the way, here he is here. Walls smiling as he signs a bill, giving driver's licenses to illegals, probably making sure later on that they vote as well.


Check this out, It's done. A packed room at the St. Paul Armory erupted after the governor's signature made driver's license for all the law of the land. See? Si Poway. Si Poway. There you go. Maybe Jill Biden will jump in there and say, see, there he, there he is again. There he is. The Zeus of tampons in the boys room. There he is. Check him off. Folks, this guy's a nut. This is the most radical, crazy communist left wing liberal, insane, disconnected.


We hate liberty and Freedom ticket. I'm telling you, they make Walter Mondale and Geraldine Ferraro look conservative for Democrats. I don't wanna scare you here, okay? I'm really not trying to, but I do wanna warn you folks, it's driver's license for a legals thing. The reason I place this afterwards is they're gonna cheat in this selection. Anyone? And I mean anyone telling you, don't worry, we've got this. It's over immediately unfollow them because they're probably working for our opponents. This thing is not even close to over this Kamala Harris Walls ticket is awful.


However, so was the Hillary Clinton ticket and so was the Bernie Sander, excuse me, the Biden Harris ticket. And they stole that one. Biden Harris is, is bad if not worse than Harris Walls, okay? And they still fleece the damn thing. I'm telling you right now how they're probably going to do it based on actual receipts of what they're signaling. Antenna are up right now. I, I don't know this individual. No name Maddox on, on, on, on X, but he put this or she, I don't know, put this up yesterday. Dan Bonino made a scary but great point today. Thank you. I appreciate it. All of maga, every Trump cover should, should turn out the second early voting starts.


Get it in asap. 'cause election night they're gonna run outta ink on the system. The system will go down and there'll be some kind of cyber attack. Folks, I'm not making this up, okay? I put out for you yesterday A DHS csa, that's their cybersecurity branch of Alejandro Mayorkas and Biden's Department of Homeland Security. A warning that, hey man, there may be a cyber attack on election night. You know, Winky, Winky nod. Na, do you think that's an accident? Do you trust these people? Anyone in the chat actually trust my orcas and Biden, the second early voting opens up. You need to get there.


You need to get there. The, the minute it opens up, you should be at the door lined up, ready to go. There is no excuse. They are banking their votes right now. The lefties, there is no excuse. I promise you, in Republican leaning areas on election night, If, you wait. There are going to be water main breaks, there's going to be some kind of cyber hit. Printers are gonna run outta ink. What exactly is gonna happen? I don't know, but I'm telling you something's gonna happen. And holy Moses, I wake up this morning. You wanna hear something crazy? Look at the date. I see this popped up on Axios morning list.


A bunch of hackers are apparently backing Kamala Harris at a Vegas fundraiser. Dude, wait, leave that up a second. How many signals do, how many signals do you need? How many do you possibly need? They have this def con voting village. These hacker guys said they were motivated to host the event after Kamala Harris supported the election security community in 2018. At the time, lobbyists for voting machine vendors were attacking the village for its plans to test voting machines for security flaws. Oh my gosh.


Someone asked me yesterday, don don't know if we could make this available, guys in the newsletter, if I could make that CSA report available, I, and we'll put the link probably in. Tomorrow's a newsletter. That is a warning. This is a warning. Get your vote in early. Now I'm gonna give you a critique I got yesterday because you guys matter to me and if one person's thinking it, a thousand people are thinking it. Someone said, well, well Dan, if I get my vote in early, then they know how many votes they need to cheat. Yes they would. But if they are going to cheat, they're going to cheat anyway.


You at least have a record early on of your vote because you can go to the website, say you live in Martin County like I do, and it'll say your vote was counted. At least you have a record of it on election night. Let's say they find themselves down by 10,000 votes. You're just gonna, if they wanna cheat, they're gonna cheat anyway. You know what they're gonna do? Exactly what I just told you. Water main break. We're at a computer printer, paper we got hacked. The system's down. If they're gonna cheat, if they're gonna cheat, it doesn't matter. At least you'll have a record If. you get it in there early and you can see online, take a screenshot. Whatever you need to do with a website that your vote counted. You know who you voted for.


It's you folks. Please, I am begging you as a friend. Please vote early. Do not wait until election day. The best scene we can see on election day right now is two or three people on a line and that's it. By the time those voting, and by the way, a lot of that problems are gonna be in liberal states, at least down here in Florida. We have a pretty clean system. Please get your vote in early. Avita says, can't say the same for Wisconsin. She knows the area well. Probably can't say the same for Michigan either. I'm not telling you the process is clean.


I'm not telling you it's gonna be cute. I'm not telling you any of that. I'm telling you, it's the process we're stuck with. That's the real world. I don't live in a fantasy land. We won in 2016. They fleeced it in 2020. We can do this again. Vote early please and don't fall for any distractions either. Please don't get sidetracked with these ridiculous, stupid, nonsensical racial things to, I'm not telling you again that, that not to respond to stuff at all and the Trump team should. The Trump team should respond, but they wanna make this thing about anything but tampon.


Tim Election, fevery, Kamala Harris's record of communism and socialism and all they wanna do is talk about race. Kamala Harris has pronounced her name 25 different ways. So is all of her supporters. Here is a, here's a video. I want you to watch this Joe and Mika Brezinski on M-S-N-B-C claiming, you know, or implying at least you're a racist If. you say her name different than she says it, even though she said it different ways too. And then it follows up with Joe. Biden doing the exact same thing. Don't fall for this stuff. Check this out. They all Deliberately mispronounce her name. Yeah, Kamala now repeatedly the Ola host. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. I mean some Of 'em don't do it on purpose, but they, there's definitely like a kind of thing they're doing there to make, yeah, even her name seem different or whatever It it.


A lot of great friends of us, both Eric and Kamala. Alex, that's what I asked. Kamala Must be a big racist there. Joe. Biden. Well in that case it's probably accurate If. you look at Joe Biden's history, it ain't black. Hey, I wanna wrap up with this ex Twitter and Rumble combined to Sue a cartel of advertisers trying to basically screw you guys over with boycotts. I'm gonna get to more of it tomorrow, but GM is one of these places that's been doing it. You hear gm, you run for the hills. Good for Rumble and X. You know I'm an investor in Rumble disclosure. I'm proud of what we're doing with the cloud and otherwise, but Rumble and X will be the dream team here.


So thank you to Elon and Chris from Rumble for fighting back against this cartel trying to prevent you from seeing websites that speak the truth. We've been on the right side of the truth. I'll cover more of this tomorrow in detail. Please download the Rumble app. Make sure you give a Vita show, a follow Rumble dot com slash bonino report early edition with Avita 9:00 AM Eastern Time. We're live at 11:00 AM Eastern time at Rumble dot com slash bonino. Download the Rumble app. You can follow BO shows and please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. It is free. Go to Apple Podcast or spotify.com, their podcast section. Just click follow. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here, live tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then.


You just heard the Dan Bond Gino Show.