
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. I'm just curious, can you guys hear that when I start the show I was like, yeah, gimme a little bit of juice, gimme a little bit of ju u ice. Like, what is this guy? Drug addict or something. Gimme a little bit of juice like that Robocop movie when they injected with the special sauce. Gimme a little bit of juice. I was talking about the, the volume. I need to turn it up just a little bit. It was just a little low. Folks, listen, there's a lot, lot of chatter and, and, and good chatter. I don't mean chattering in kind of a condescending way about picks and cabinet picks and non-Cat picks and EPA picks and DHS picks and secret service and FBI and CIA and everything.


I'm gonna try to wade through the mist today so we don't get distracted in kind of a circular firing squad and tell you what I think is going on. Okay? And I. Hope it helps. You don't have to listen to me at all, that you're not obligated. This is a bonino army. This is a republic. Here I am just a figure in this. I am not a monarch, but I think I, I think I've got a pretty good perspective on this that's kind of balances both sides. Stay tuned. You'll see what I mean and then the media is just getting crushed right now. It's so glorious to watch. M-S-N-B-C just collapse as everybody realizes they've been being bullshitted for the last, what, 20 years that place has been in existence.


Plus today's show sponsored by Blackout Coffee. Stop giving you money to woke. Companies that don't care about you, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. I got that.


And then also we'll call 'em anti personnel appointments. In other words, personnel who should not be personnel after Donald Trump swears in notably this guy, we'll get to him in a second.


Using the internet without express VPNs like leaving your keys in your car while you run into the gas station for a snack. Most of the time you're probably okay, but what if you come back and someone's driving off at your car every time you connect to an unencrypted network? Any hacker on the same network can gain access to your personal data. Your data's valuable. Hackers can make up to a thousand dollars per person selling your personal info on the Dark Web Express. VPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So hackers can't steal your sensitive data. Take a hacker with a supercomputer over a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption. All you gotta do is fire up the app, click a button and get protected. It works on all the devices so you can stay secure on the go. I use it 'cause privacy matters to me. It's nobody's business. You got government snooping in on you. What you do online, don't let 'em snoop in on your privacy's your business. Take advantage of Express VPN's Black Friday, cyber Monday offer to get the absolute best VPN deal you can find all year. Use my special link ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino to get four extra months with the 12 month plan or six extra months with the 20 more 24 month plan totally free. It's a great deal. ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino to get an extra four or even six months of express VPN for free.


All right fellas, let's go. So I watched the chat here before. Let me see. Here we go. Oh, thank you. Zina Phonics. Nope. Dan, you are the king on this show. Thank you. I appreciate, see, here's Bruja. Elise Nik is a bad call. I get it. There's folks, listen, I I I, let me try to wade through this because there are, there's this book, okay called, I think it's called the Plum Book, and it is a list of about couple thousand two, maybe 3000 jobs that fall under the executive branch that the president and his people are gonna appoint. Okay? The president's not gonna be involved with all 3000 picks.


He's gonna have the big headliner jobs like you saw yesterday, E-P-A-D-H-S, sex State Cabinet. Probably the deputies underneath them, obviously Attorney General and that stuff. But they're not gonna get involved in like I mean, not not, but like the Bureau of Indian Affairs. I think that's an important job for them, but it's not gonna be something probably President Trump's gonna personally be involved in, but there's a lot of appointments he's gotta make. Now, I I've, I'm just being straight with you here. I I know a lot of good and decent people. They told me they're going through a very methodical process with this thing. Here's the problem they have. There is not a single appointment they're gonna make, I promise. Where you are gonna agree with that person a hundred percent of the time, it's just not gonna happen.


It's not. This is, and I'm not gonna comment on the Christie Nome pic yet because I haven't seen it on true social, so I'm gonna follow my pattern. The Rubio pick seems, seems like that's pretty much a, a f accompli at this point for Secretary of State. You have Lee Elden. We'll get to that later at EPA. Here's the issue. The last time Trump chose a Team Arrivals approach, this team arrivals approach was meant to bring into the tent people who generally disagreed with Trump and ran against him with the thought that it would mute the resistance to his agenda. Does that make sense?


Gee, stop me if this is getting boring that he just figured he's gonna be a lot of people out there that don't like me who were never Trump in 2016. You might as well bring him in the tent and then they'll become Team Trump loyalists. That didn't happen. They got inside the tent and they did what Double barrel left you, man. They just gave him the double barrel and screwed him over the Rex Tillerson's and others. They, they, they shafted his entire, basically his, his entire presidency and it took them three and a half years for, you know, to, to get their sea legs. Luckily they got a lot of stuff done. I shouldn't say three and a half years. They got a lot of stuff done, but it was the team arrivals approach didn't work this time. What I'm hearing is they're not gonna agree on policy with every single appoint.


They're not, but they at least initially trust these people to be loyalists to the Trump agenda. If not, I don't wanna say the, the Trump agenda in that they came out there and they put before they put their political butts on the line a little bit. That's what I think is going on. So there's gonna be a lot of circular firing squad stuff where somebody wants someone and they don't get picked and then boom, everybody, here's my suggestion. Give it a little bit. Trump has had no problem firing. People trust his judgment on this just for a bit. I know his people are doing their homework. None of these picks are by accident.


There's a reason it's happening. I'm just asking you, especially with the Rubio Pick and others. Listen, Marco Rubio and I have had some agreements and some disagreements on issues. He's my one of my senators down here from the state of Florida. Just give it some time. There's a reason they made these picks. They're not by accident. Do you get what I'm saying? Just kind of. I, a lot of times, like in the past we thought we had really good people, bill Barr and others, and they let us down Jeff Sessions and others and they let us down this time he's doing it for a reason. Folks, some more good news. I said today in the title of the show, More Winning, the winning continues.


MSNBC's ratings have completely collapsed. People may maybe be starting to realize, 'cause I'm a numbers guy and a spreadsheets guy, that man, this really sucks getting lied to the entire time. Joy Reed down 54%. How Joy Reed is even have an audience. To be down 54% is insane. Joy Reed should have one viewer, joy Reed's mom or dad and then that's it, which would be zero. But when she's done Joy re the dad stopped watching. The dad stopped watching. It's still mom. So right down 54% good gie, Ari Melburn, Chris Hayes, Alex Wagner, morning Joe down 39.6%. We'll round up to 40 Stephanie rule down 67% that start looking for a new job time.


Andrea Mitchell as Rush Limbaugh used to say, down 40%. Chris Hayes, Alex Wagner, they're just getting crushed folks. Sooner or later, the truth wins. Now, I can show you all our ratings from yesterday, but whatever, it's, it's, it would look self celebratory. I'm just telling you it's the ratings for this show have never been hired. We kicked ass yesterday. Again, thank you Bino Army. The judges ruled you are the most powerful voice in conservative media and it's not even close livestream, VOD audio. Spotify, what is that you throwing like this ninja stars? Look at this guy. He's got like a little ninja star there out of paper. What is going on here? The first he bounces up yesterday kind of scares me a little bit. We're coming up trying to fix the TV screen now.


He's throwing little ninja stars at me. Our ratings are doing great. Number one news live stream yesterday. Thanks to you. We love you guys, folks, people find the truth on a very serious note. Put the back padding shit aside for a second. People find the truth man in the Bino army. You've been getting it done. And we are a growing powerful force in this movement and I'm proud to be part of it. We talked about personnel for a second there. Let's talk about anti-personnel, getting rid of some people because folks, if there's not mass firings on day one, day two through day 100, then this thing has all been for Naugh. The hits just keep on coming. And I wanna address something too.


Some of a a, a tactical disagreement I had with a listener yesterday who's like Dan, they're doing it all wrong. They're announcing all the people they're gonna fire and all the things they're gonna do. This is a big mistake. We should sneak up on 'em. Funny with the, the ninja stars like ninja style, the karate man. I would do karate man, but my right knee is like blown out. I slipped in the sauna yesterday. I know things keep breaking. I'm getting old, but I'm gonna address why you're, you're wrong. I love that you commented, but you're wrong. But this person's gotta go NBC news. FBI Director Christopher Ray is preparing for a possible forced to exit under Trump. Exit under Trump. Hallelujah. Please see, you wouldn't wanna be a I, this guy has got to go folks.


I said to you, the second Donald Trump swears in I Donald J. Trump, he should just whip out a flip phone from his pocket, a star T from the nineties that still works. Call up Christopher Ray and say you're fired in that Donald Trump only way this guy has got to go. I I can make a strong case to you that he has been as incompetent and potentially corrupt. An FBI director as Jim Comey. And believe me, that's saying a lot. This guy is awful. This is by Ken Delan. It's by Ken Laan, which of course you know is a, you know, a fusion. Ken Delan, was that a Kenan article? Really? Oh, Some people have asked me who I would like to see in charge of the FBI.


I'm always hesitant to throw names out there, but I Cash Patel I think would be great. I think would be a great addition. Listen, Devin Nunes who led the Spygate investigation would be really good. Ratcliffe would be pretty good. Again, folks, I understand as I throw these names out there, I'm listening to you guys in the chat, you guys matter to me. I'm here. So who's it? West Coast 360 Cash Patel. Listen, I love you guys in the chat, but I don't, I just wanna be clear like this is not a monarchy. If you don't agree with me, say Dan, say screw that guy. F that guy and here's why that's fine. Like that's cool. There's just so many people to pick. There's not gonna be unanimity on every single pick is all I was getting at.


I'm sorry if I was even a little long-winded at the beginning of the show. Now let me get to one of my listeners. Someone reached out via Facebook yesterday and said, Dan, the strategy of announcing all this stuff that Trump is gonna do by video is a huge mistake because the left can prepare. I'm here to tell you with absolute certainty, certainty, And I. I'm not absolutely certain about much, but I'm certain about this. You are a hundred percent wrong. And I can tell you because this is not an ex post facto analysis I've said to you before in advance for years that that's wrong. The one the left already knows what Trump is gonna do. People in government who are getting pink slips, notifications your job, they're already leaking to the media.


So let me be clear, And I would like your feedback in the chat here. But let me just be clear on this. People in the media, number one already know what Trump is gonna do. In fact, people all over the government are leaking. I'll give you an example. Someone leaked out the Rubio pick before Trump even got to announce it. That's why I'm not so sure the known pick is even real. It was leaked. People already know. Second, what did I tell you about a year, two year, three years ago? Over and over again, the way you handle the first a hundred days is you do remember Rockham sock Robots? You guys ever play that game where kids, And I aging myself a little bit. Now everybody's on video games, but back then they had actual games like you'd have to hit little leavers and stuff.


Remember the rock em sock him robots and they beat the crap out of each other. Me and my brothers love that kid. And if you could hit it really fast that rock em sock him, robot, you beat the hell outta the other robot. That's how you do it. You gotta just keep throwing punches you send out. The minute they're worried about Trump breaking up the international censorship regime, you send out a video about breaking up the DEI regime on universities. The minute they get upset about that, you send out Stephen Miller's gonna be a deputy chief of staff. They start crying about that. You announce Tom Holman and then Rubio. The minute they're upset about that, you announce that you're gonna break up the Department of Education. This is the way you do it.


Because if you noticed that they're so busy in fighting, they don't know what to focus on, they were losing their shit over Tom Holman being appointed Border Czar and basically you haven't heard anything about it in the last 12 hours because they're focused on everything else. This, you do it openly, you do it in their face, you go rock 'em so, and robots style. Here's what I mean. Here's Donald Trump releasing another video yesterday. Watch every second of this. This is good about breaking up our communist university accreditors in the DEI regime. This is super important. The accreditors are what make these universities, these factories for communism and socialism. Check this out. Tuition costs at colleges and universities have been exploding and I mean absolutely exploding.


While academics have been obsessed with indoctrinating America's youth, the time has come to reclaim our once great educational institutions from the radical left. And we will do that. Our secret weapon will be the college accreditation system. It's called accreditation for a reason. The accreditors are supposed to ensure that schools are not ripping off students and taxpayers, but they have failed totally. When I return to the White House, I will fire the radical left accreditors that have allowed our colleges to become dominated by Marxists maniacs and lunatics. We will then accept applications for new accreditors who will impose real standards on colleges once again and once and for all these standards will include defending the American tradition and western civilization, protecting free speech, eliminating wasteful administrative positions that drive up costs.


Incredibly removing all Marxist diversity, equity and inclusion bureaucrats, offering options for accelerated and low cost degrees, providing meaningful job placement and career services and implementing college entrance and exit exams to prove that students are actually learning and getting their money's worth. So to the gentleman who reached out to me at Facebook, I love you. I, this is not a monarchy. I can't say that enough. This is a family. We don't have to agree, but I have to be firm here in telling you, you are definitely wrong. Do you see how this approach works better when you hit him?


Rock him. Sock him. Robot style. Think about this. I've been in the media business a long time. We have bonino.com. Vita writes there, Matt writes there, we've got articles there still. They have one column, they'll pretty much write a day. It's the exact same thing at the Washington Post and the New York Times. If you have one column and you're an anti-Trump lunatic, like a Jennifer Rubin, what do you write about? Right? What do you write about that day? Tom Holman. It's a Nazi I mean Stephen Miller's a fascist. I mean they're gonna break up the university. I mean they're gonna break up the department. They don't know what to do.


They don't know what to do. They were still busy focused on Trump breaking up the censorship regime. They, they're worried about him firing the FB guy. They don't know what to write about. Trust your boy. Have I led you astray on anything? Trust your boy D bots. Trust your boy. I told you JD was the pick. Some of you didn't believe me, he was the pick told you to vote early, we'd kicked their ass. They weren't prepared for it. We were gone. What did we do on the radio show? We focused on the Senate 'cause it mattered. We're up 53 seats. Your boy is not gonna lead you astray into the wilderness. Okay? This is the only way because now Jennifer Rubin's writing a piece right now, I'm probably not doing it in pen, but I used to.


I didn't even learn to type till I was like in Secret Service School. I to love to write everything down. It's true. I was like the, you know the hunt and peck guy. Jennifer Rubin right now is like, oh my gosh, they're going to fire accreditors. We will not be able to institute communism and universities. We're gonna lose our ideological power over the, over the young Lings. The young Lings. As she's writing this article, she's watching this video. Here's the same video at the end. She's like, wait, wait, wait. Now she's gotta scratch the whole column out and say, holy shit, there was something even worse in this video. Trump is gonna break up the Department of Education. I hair's folks, hair is getting pulled out in chunks, right? Whole chunks like you're gonna have a like a big donut around your head.


Chunks are being pulled out right now here. Watch this same video. And one other thing I'll be doing very early in the administration is closing up the Department of Education in Washington DC and sending all education and education work and needs back to the states. We want them to run the education of our children because they'll do a much better job of it. You can't do worse. We spend more money per pupil by three times than any other nation. And yet we're absolutely at the bottom. We're one of the worst. You see, you see man, you see what I'm telling you?


They don't know what to write about. They're still busy writing about Kamala Harris sucks. Joe Biden should have got out sooner. Republicans are racist, Nazi misogynist, anti-immigrant. They're still busy writing out. They're not even done with those. They don't know what to do. Please, seriously, I was joking for, please trust me. I promise you I have no dog in this fight. I swear to you as my loyal listeners, I love you guys. I have no dog in this fight. I'm not looking for a job. I'm not looking for packed donations. don don't want your money. I don't want anything. I have no dog in the fight other than you and my credibility. This is the only way to do this.


And by the way, these things are so fast and furious. I gotta tell you, I've had a tough time triaging the show about what to put in the show because Trump has launched so many nuclear bombs against the left and the deep state. I can't even fit it all in the show. This thing about university accreditors is a big deal. Those are, you have to be accredited to get federal money. When the accreditors tell colleges, hey basically do commun stuff. That's why we've got communist universities. You break that cartel, you've got a whole new education system and the Department of Education has been nothing more than an outlet, bureaucratic outlet for the teacher's unions that have screwed over kids forever.


This is huge stuff. By the end of the show, we'll have 10 more things to talk about on the radio show folks, the fountain of good news, man just keeps pouring water out of the spigot. I'm not even done. Remember that lawyer who's telling their clients to leave the country he got so he so humiliated. Even he's trying to change his story now too. You see what I mean coming up in a second quick break.


Birch gold. Hey, for those of us holding our breath for the past several months, can exhale. Finally, work can finally be done. On the big issues the country's facing. One of the most significant is our tidal wave. A national debt. It's coming ashore. We're deep in the red. That debt's a house of cards that unfortunately can't be quickly dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings like I do. I have bought gold and still buy gold from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H. So many things are out of our control outta the president's control. It's important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group, the company I use, will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA and physical gold. And the best news, it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket text Dan to 9 8, 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit. Plus right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today you get that free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased message and data rates reply text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Thanks Birch Gold.


All right, back to the show. As I told you folks, the spigot of good news is open. I have seen very little bad news again. There's a couple picks. I'm like, ugh. I'd like to see Rick Scott wrap up on the majority side, the Senate majority leader folks. There's been a lot of beef on that too. Another radio host going after people. This guy's terrible. There's three picks. Folks. We live in the real world. I you gotta pick one of three. I am not looking for someone I need to like date on a dating website. I'm married. I'm looking for someone and going spreadsheet. More conservative or less conservative. That's it. That's all I'm looking for. But the spigot of good news hasn't stopped.


Look at this. This is that lawyer Mark Za who is telling some of his clients, Hey man, Trump may be into retribution. You may have to leave the country. Watch this guy change his story to I'm telling my clients to take a vacation. Why'd he do that? He thought that was gonna make him a hero. And he realizes now he looks like a moron. 'cause even some of these left-leaning, but not totally radical media, people are starting to realize they look ridiculous right now. Watch this. So it would be naive and foolish for us not to take any of this seriously and we're preparing. Now, I've represented a lot of clients who have been specific targets of President Trump and those around him.


We're not just talking about my federal employee workers in different agencies who are uncomfortable. Like you've just heard in this last segment. We're talking about people who have been specifically called out by the former president of the United States. And I'm, we're not. We're not rushing to it. I'm not saying sell your home, move overseas, never come back, become an expat. I'm telling certain clients a small number that, you know what? Take a vacation for inauguration. Yes, take a vacation. An extended one. I think our offer still stands first. Class tickets all around the globe to the other side. No return pass for you.


Surrender your passport in that foreign country and don't come back. Folks. This kind of insanity on the left. This guy was pretty much laughed at. I'm just telling you now, the far left east still believe it. The Rachel Maddows. But the the folks yesterday who I played at the end, Philippe es and all these tactical people who wanna win elections, they realize, they sound like total morons. They're the only ones that do this. You don't see me doing this. What did I say before? The election we lose, it would've sucked. But I'd be back to fight in the midterms. I would. I did the same thing in 2020. I had so many people even it's over. It's over. I'm never voting again. Nothing's over, man. You gotta go first. Blood John Rambo style at the end to Colonel Troutman.


Nothing's over. It's not over. The country's not over. It's never over. The great thing about the United States is when other countries are over, we're not over. And when they think they're over, we help not be over. Here's a decent pick. I like Lee Zelin at EPA. Lee Zelin ran for governor of New York, ran a really competitive race. you know why I like Zelin at EPA? People are like, oh my gosh, is he a big environmental guy? I don't know. but I know he's a big guy. He's good on business. And the first couple things coming outta the EPA were basically how to make the economy motor and jive more with a relatively clean environment. I mean we all want water to be clean and all that other stuff despite the leftist claims.


But you gotta focus on business first. 'cause if we don't have the money to keep the environment clean, you're not gonna have an environment. The whole place is gonna burn down. So that I think was a decent pick. Alright, enough on the picks. I wanna move on to some other stuff folks. The media freakout has continued. The media freakout is a really good sign. As I always tell you tactically, you know, I try to apply. I hate fancy stupid SAT words all the time. When people try to sound smart, there's nothing wrong with using, you know, you're having a good vocabulary. But when people try to sound smart, it drives me crazy. You ever hear the word rubric? Rubric, whatever, rubric. but I like to put together a rubric for you of, of, of political strategies so that the things I'm telling you fit into a bigger narrative.


And one of the things I've always told you is gauge the effectiveness of where you are politically in your strategy by the response of your political opponents when they freak out, you could tell you're doing something right. The Trump transition, which has just started, has been so effective that the media, again, does not have their ceilings. There are actually people on late night shows crying that Donald Trump won. Now if this doesn't show this John Dickerson clip, it's, it's quick, but this John Dickerson clip. Now this guy claims to be a journalist. He's crying if this guy, now I'm an opinion guy, folks, I've shed a few tears on this show when things broke really bad. I don't care. Turn in your man car.


Whatever. I'm an opinion guy. I don't pretend to be a journalist. If you're pretending to be a journalist and you're not, you're not pretending to be a partisan actor, why the hell would you be crying that Donald Trump won? You don't believe me. Watch it yourself. Check this out. How would you explain that to a 14-year-old today? How would you explain this election? I'll try not to think about my my boys 'cause yes. What in the was that this guy's pretending to be a journalist? His entire job is to be a nonpartisan actor. To put out there the he's facts. He's crying. What the hell's gonna happen to your boys? What are you even talking about?


They won't have to have their nads cut off because some crazy left wing lunatic tells 'em they're a girl or something. What is wrong with these people? Just don't pretend. Just be be honest. You are obviously a liberal who's upset that the conservative candidate DJT won. Just be honest about it. I'm not, there's a, there's no fake in the funk on my end at all. I'm happy don don't like Kamala Harris. I don't like communism. Why are you such a phony and a fake? Here's another gem, folks, you know, deep State Ken Delan and put up the Intercept article First. This isn. I can't play this article. I cannot play this on the show. More Ken Delan. Whenever you see an article by nb, remember this name.


Everybody remember the name. Everyone in the chat now promise me you will remember the name. 'cause if you don't remember the names of these people, you will not understand what's good. The subtext of what they're writing. When Ken Delaney, leave that up for a second. When Ken Delan at NBC speaks, assume it is for the intelligence deep state. Someone in the deep state intelligence thing that hates us is talking for him. Here's an intercept article from 2014 about Ken Delan. The Intercept is not a right wing outlet. This, they call him the CIA's mop up man. They note that he runs his stuff by the CIA basically before he goes out there and puts it out there. Ken Delan was a PP tape Poer.


He was a Spygate guy. Ken Delan is a disaster when he's talking. Assume it's the deep state and you'll be fine. Listen to this clip. This is really important. It's Ken Delan, obviously, and it's Ken Delan whining that he thinks people involved in this weaponization and lawfare of the government against Donald Trump may find themselves under investigation themselves. This is the deep state whining through Ken D the date. Check this out. The Tension you described that the New York Times reported on in within the transition team was described to us as a battle between the Normies and the crazies.


Although of course the people we're talking about would disagree with that characterization. We focused on a couple of lawyers. One is one's named Mike Davis. He's a very conservative, kind of a bomb throwing provocateur who used to clerk for justice. Neal Gorsuch, he's an advisor to the transition team and he has been out there publicly saying that Donald Trump should prosecute people like the Attorney General Tisch James and Jack Smith, the special counsel that his Justice Department should do, that he's actually articulating which crimes they should be prosecuted for, and he's making no bones about that. The other person we talked about is Mark Paleta. He is a, the former general counsel, the Office in Management and budget under in Donald Trump's first term. And he has been out there not specifically advocating that the DOJ should prosecute individuals, but he is justifying the idea that the president can order the Justice Department to investigate and prosecute specific cases.


So he's laying the legal groundwork. Now the, the thing about that is that would violate five decades of norms post-Watergate, which said that the Justice Department should be independent from the president. That the president should never say, go investigate that person. This is the deep state freaking out. Listen to your guy. So who are the two names? You guys, I hope wrote that down in your brain. They're worried about the great Mike Davis and another great guy Mark Paleta. Why? Because these guys are Make America great again, loyalists who believe in the Constitution and understand exactly what the Deep State did. That's why the deep state is leaking to the CIA's mop-up man, Ken Delaney, to put it out on NBC.


He's trying to scare people. Oh look, if Ken Delan and talks about it on M-S-N-B-C, they'll back off Davis and they'll back off. Pay later. No one's backing off anything. No one listens to you idiots anymore. Matter of fact, we're, I assure you, the Trump team's hitting the gas pedal on these two this, anytime you hear Ken Delan and go, oh my gosh, these two guys are bad news. Those two guys should go to the front of the chart to be hired immediately because it means the deep state is freaked out that accountability's coming and norms were violated, nor they're worried about norms suggesting the president should never, ever have a role in DOJ prosecutions. Really? That's never happened.


Stay tuned and we'll poke holes in that BS because that is absolute crap, which is totally expected from Kendall LA


Hey, it's time for you to be awake, not woke. Start your day with the best coffee out there. Blackout. Coffee. They love hardworking Americans. They love the Constitution, they love the country. The guy who owns the company. John loves the country so much. He flew all the way in here to be part of our election night. He was there for our election night coverage. They love our veterans. And listen, they love coffee. He's a capitalist man. He's not like asking for charity here. He runs Blackout Coffee because he loves coffee. He uses only premium grade coffee beans. It's the official coffee of the Dan Bongino Show. I love it. I am very proud to personally recommend it. Skip the long lines at the store order online. The folks at Blackout Coffee shipped within 48 hours of roasting, so it's fresh. The coffee, do me a favor, check it out. Bold. Never bitter. Tastes like coffee should. The flavored coffees are amazing. The cinnamon french toast is out of this world. The blueberry crumble, the dark chocolate. Check it out. Try 'em all. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino and see what I'm talking about. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. Cheers, you'll thank me later for it. It's really, really good. Check it out.


And finally, genus Cell. The Genus Cell Skincare Dark Spot correctors back on sale@genuscell.com. The dark spot corrector helps reduce the appearance of sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, red and flame patches all could disappear in front of your eyes. And during the Genu Cell Black Friday sale, the Jawline treatment is also on sale@genucell.com. Nothing helps tighten sculpt the sensitive skin in the jawline and neck area. Like this amazing jawline formula with Genus cell proprietary technology. It's Paula's favorite skincare genus cell products work for guys too. Plus new customers will save an additional 50% off the website sale prices automatically at checkout best prices in their 25 year history. So go ahead and indulge in the best skincare and best value in skincare. Go to genus cell.com now. Order their Complete skincare package, includes their classic bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects at massive discounts. And plus an additional 50% off your first order at checkout. You'll be amazed or your money back, no questions asked. It's simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan. Start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. And a special gift every package order includes a limited edition beauty box with two skincare essentials free absolutely free with your order right now. Jen uel.com/dan GN UC l.com/dan. Thanks Jen Uel.


Folks, as for Ken Delaney's assertion, again speaking for the deep state, he's their puppet. We're really worried about Mike Davis and Paletta influencing DOJ appointments and all this other stuff because the DOJ will be influenced by Donald Trump. Please cut the bs. Please stop you. You're making a fool outta yourself. Ken, we all know Biden pushed Garland to prosecute Donald Trump. How would you know that, Dan? Well, I'm gonna cite a far right wing source. Michael. you know the far right outlet called Politico very far right? I mean they are as mag as it gets. Dan Politico isn't their nickname Bullshit Echo. Yes it is. This is actually a far left side. Of course, I'm kidding. But this is actually Politico White House frustration with Merrick Garland grows.


You, you, who do you think leaked that folks? The White House. Because they were pressuring Merrick Garland behind the scenes to prosecute Donald Trump and the prosecutions, which by the way happened. And they, you have Jack Smith, you have Colangelo over at twin's office in Manhattan. Biden wasn't happy because they weren't moving fast enough. That's the only reason. So please stop the bullshit. Ken Delan, stop. I know you're the CIA's mop up guy. The deep state's whining. The deep state's finished. It's over. We've got four years to clean up the mess. And I promise you we're not stopping until everybody who had their fingerprints over this deep state madness gets fired.


We always bring the receipts the minute you explain this we'll back off. We're not backing off anything folks. They're losing their minds right now and they don't know what to do. So the great part about chaos within the mainstream media ecosystem is it gives us an opportunity to take advantage of it. 'cause as I said to you in the beginning, it's critical you understand this. The show is very focused on political tactics. It's, I love it. It's like, it's like coaching a football game and being the offensive coordinator. We have to hit them, rock 'em, sock 'em, robot style. They only have a limited amount of time on the air. When I was doing my show at Fox, we would do, we would tape on Friday night for Saturday, right?


We started our meetings on Tuesday. Everybody, I had a great team. They were really awesome. Sabrina Will, Kristen, Katie, they were all fantastic. Loved them all. They would all throw ideas my way. This guest, that guest, there's only about 42 minutes of content, an hour show on cable, maybe even a little less. You don't have time. By the time you get through with all the stingers, it's probably 36 minutes. You don't have time. You keep hitting them with a thousand things while they're in chaos. They don't have time to cover anything else. So outta frustration, I want you to listen to this clip because they don't seem to be getting sea legs on anything. They're not stopping Holman, they're not stopping.


Steve Miller. Trump just keeps rolling out policy stuff. What do they do folks? They go right back to Russia. That's all they have. They don't have anything else. This is how you know, you know, their production teams have run out of ideas. Check this out. Assess that Russia favored Donald Trump in this election. That Russia interfered in a fairly dramatic and visible fashion with these fake videos. What consequence are they gonna pay, if any, for doing that? They don't have anything else. They don't have anything else. Do you understand that the production team is run out of pitches. They're, you know, pitches. That's what they're called. Obviously they don't have anything else.


So someone on the team, some Ep is like, Hey man, this Russia thing always sells, Dan, come on. It's not that shallow. Yes it is. It is that shallow when you are a left wing media outlet, I promise it is that shallow eyeballs matter. The lefties watch these networks eat this stuff up and now that they're getting crushed in ratings, put yes, thank you Snopes. Left Wing Snopes. Vladimir Putin endorsed Kamala Harris. Okay, so please cut the shit. He, she, he endorsed Kamala. Who brought that up? Michael. Michael. They don't have anything else.


You saw the ratings in the beginning of the show from that end wokeness, by the way, a great account. By the way, the MSNBC's ratings are in a free fall. People are panicking guys, you know, one of the, one of the benny's of having been on TV, radio and podcasting is obviously you get experience and all this experience matters, right? I mean I don't know how to build a table. I'm not a carpenter. I go to a carpenter. I was there, I was there for a long time. Our show kicked ass, man, we were number one over there in the weekends, right? I'm telling you, this is how it goes. You will lose your job if you do not produce freaking eyeballs, period. I own my show if you guys watch or not, I'm not going anywhere.


Fox will say, Hey, beat it. And so will M-S-N-B-C. That's why the Russia stuff is happening because they don't have anything else. And they're like, well it used to rate with Rachel Maddow folks, you gotta hit 'em over and over and over again when you hit them over and over again. Rock 'em, sock em robot style. They will never ever get their sea legs. I want you to watch what happens in this media freakout. This is Anna Navarro. She doesn't know what to do about Holman and the border. The fact that Trump is a port pointing a lot of closed border anti-illegal immigration, which is a good thing. Specialist is driving them absolutely nuts.


So watch them dial up the hysteria because again, it's about eyeballs. They know their audience needs to be like riled up about something after they lost the election. So you're gonna see this thing get turned up. You're gonna see a few people dial it down, but most of 'em are gonna turn that volume button up. Watch this. Well, if you thought he wasn't being serious, the appointment of Tom Holman today as Border SAR and he will be in charge of a mass deportation program, the largest the country has ever seen, they say. And now Steven Miller as deputy chief of staff yeah, should let you know that he was absolutely serious. And when you talk about mass deportations, people think, oh, it's just gonna be the, the, the criminals.


There's not enough criminals, aliens in the federal prison system for it to be mass deportations. Michael just said it, right? He's like, this is the most clippable show. I'm like my show. He goes, no, not your show. The view, this is an endless plethora, a cornucopia of material for the show. It is a, it's a perfect kind of symbiosis of left wing America. You it is. You've got two hosts on the panel, Whoopi and Joy, who honestly folks don't know anything about politics at all. The stuff that comes outta their mouths is so stupid and ridiculous. It's just, it's just basically fodder for us to laugh at.


Then you've got Sonny Hoston who knows a little bit about politics, just everything she knows is wrong. So she'll throw out these things, go, oh man, the GOP really needs to do an internal, what were you talking about? We won you idiots. Then you've got Alyssa Farah, who is an absolute rhino sellout who will say anything for a buck. She don't care. And then you've got a a, a a, you know, usually a guest who's some far left lunatic. So the view is perfect. They're telling their audience this as if they absolutely believe it. Like this is their thing. Like the fascist Nazis and I to deport grandmas and everything like that. Folks, there's probably 15 million people in the country illegally. It would be nice if they weren't here illegally, but we're gonna have to prioritize the dangerous ones first because sadly the Biden and Harris team let so many dangerous people in here that Holman and the team are gonna have to get rid of them first.


Navarro's just making all this stuff up because she knows, again, it's fodder for the now decreasing amount of eyeballs they have on their show and they don't wanna lose their job. Here's John Carl, liberal activist. 100% pretends to be a journalist, but just like Dickerson probably cried when Donald Trump won. These people are said, isn't he our, isn't he our like bronze medalist in the dopey media talking head Olympics? But is is he in there at all? He is, right? I'm not Anita. I know you've got the official lisc, you gotta pin that. We have the dopey media talking head Olympics. Do you know the official rankings? I thought Carl was Scarborough. Joy Scarborough. Yeah, I thought so.


Yeah, we had a whole big ceremony. I mean, listen, the guy deserves recognition. He, come on, take this guy's moment away. I mean seriously. He's gonna be upset. We're gonna get a nastygram, we're gonna get a nasty gram at the show. John Carl's team is gonna be very upset. There was a whole big like ceremony we did and everything. Here's John Carl. He can't believe it. He's got Vivek on his, on his, on his set and Vivek's saying the same thing. Like, Hey listen, we ran on a large deportation of people who broke our laws who don't belong in a country and yes, we're gonna do it. And Carl's just incredulous. He can't believe the Republican party actually means what it says even after the election. Check this out. So Obviously Trump's promised, and you've talked a lot about this, the, you know, a mass deportation of undocumented immigrants.


Do you, first of all, do you really think that we're gonna see him? We round up and deport upwards of 11. He sometimes he's put the numbers high as 20 million of people outta the United States. Is that really gonna happen? Donald Trump's campaign promise was the largest mass deportation in American history, okay? And he's gonna keep that promise. They can't get over it. They think we were kidding. We were not kidding. Michael brought up an interesting point to we're a little upset at John Carl. We put together this big ceremony forum, the dopey media talking head Olympics ski, put together some, some quality graphics. These guys worked hard on this. We've got his medal and no one ever claimed it. It's just sitting here gathering dust. It's not a museum.


John, come collect your stuff. Send Justin an address. He's waiting and we'll send you your medal. You should be proud of yourself. It took a lot to dislodge. Was it Brian Stelter or whoever the hell that was from the third spot. I mean he'd been there for a long time. Come on Johnny Bots get it together. Here's another one. This is why they're upset about Tom Holman. Folks, my humble opinion so far, the most critical pick we've had as Holman as the borders are because Holman ha, listen to me on this. You ready? This is important. Everybody pay attention. I'm not the Donald Trump whisperer. I know Donald Trump, but you know, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna overemphasize like how And I hate name droppers. End of the story.


You get the point. We know each other. He's been a nice guy to me. I'm just gonna leave it there. Tom Holman has Donald Trump's ear. He trusts Tom Holman over everyone at the border. Holman is gonna be not like it on on a, on a hierarchy scale like above the DHS secretary or CBP or anything, but they're gonna be relaying information to him and he's gonna be the one getting it to Donald Trump. Holman is a bulldog on the border and it's why you're seeing the freak out. So dial it back. The show's gotta make sense. Everything's gotta fit in the puzzle. Gauge the effectiveness of an appointment, a political tactic, whatever, by the response of your opponents. Why are they upset about Tom Holman?


'cause he knows his shit and he eats the left alive and takes none of their bs. Do you remember this exchange with this? This absolute dimwit a OC on the border? A OC doesn't realize it's not legal to claim asylum outside of a port of entry. You have to go to a port of entry. You can't just walk in the country. Go asylum. That's not the way it works. Watch this. And so the recommendation of the many that you recommended, you recommended family separation. I recommended zero tolerance, Which includes family separation. The same as is when every US citizen parent gets arrested when they're with a child. Zero tolerance was interpreted as the policy that separated children from their parents.


If I get arrested for DUI, And, I, have a young child in a car, I'm gonna be separated. When I was a police officer in New York, And I arrested a father for domestic violence. I separated that father, Maam, Mr. Homan, with all to respect legal as asylums are not charged with any crime When you're in the country, illegal is violation. Eight, United States code 1325. Seeking asylum is legal. If you wanna seek asylum, you go through the port of entry. Do it the legal way. The attorney general of the United States has made that clear. Okay, Mr. Chair, the, the, the memo is She doesn't even know folks, that it is not legal to claim asylum while entering the country illegally.


I mean, think about that. Anybody could cross the border anytime, not at an airport. You, I live near the wa, it's Florida. Everybody lives near the water. However, we live pretty close, right? You guys can see from the studio, it's not far. Would it be legal for a bunch of Haitian or whatever, immigrants, Cuban immigrants to just land in Stewart and just say asylum. That's not the way it works. You have to go to a port of entry. A OC doesn't even know this. This is why they don't like Tom Holman. Gauge the effectiveness of your strategy by the response of your opponents when they freak out.


Here's gonna be the difference between now and 2016. Trump had surrounded himself in 2016 with rivals. I said this in the beginning. He did it for a reason. He thought it would mute the anti-Trump response. It wasn't the tactically dumbest decision in the beginning. It wasn't. It was probably a smart move. He didn't realize these people were gonna sell 'em out. There was not a big coterie of pro-Trump people to pick from. That's not the case this time. Everybody's on board. He's making these selections now and they're gonna make the selections and flip off the media folks no matter what. So the more they freak out about Mike Davis, mark Paletta, Tom Holman, what does that mean for us?


That means double and triple down your support because we're doing something right. And, I'm telling you, there is a group of these left with, there's a schism developing on the left. We discussed it yesterday. It's been kind of a common theme since Wednesday morning of last week when we knew Trump was a President-elect. There's the Van Jones people, the Philippe Rinus, the Jim Carville. I'll get to that tomorrow, who are now starting to embrace that the Democrat party's in real trouble. It's happening. I'm not giving them any credit. They should have known a long time. I'm just trying to make a tactical point so we understand them better than they understand us, okay? But the left wing lunatics, the Tar lts, the Marie Harts, I promise you there will not be a second of introspection.


These are the chaos agents on the left, and we'd love every minute of it. Here is Molly Hemingway and Marie Hoff. I want you to see how Marie h she does not understand at all because she's incapable, incapable of processing information outside of her bubble. She's on Fox with the great Molly Hemingway, who I think should be up there for Press Secretary, by the way. Throw that out there. I think she'd be fantastic. Just my humble opinion there. She does not understand Marie or pretends not to understand how the law fair against President Trump martyred him and turned so many people off who feel aggrieved by this garbage crap system. She's still trying to make the case that this was all legal and on the up and up, doesn't get it at all.


No mirror, no self-reflection. And you should thank the Lord. They got people like this 'cause this is gonna lead to the demise of their party if it keeps going. Watch this. The abuse of law was one of these underrated issues that that motivated a lot of people to vote for. Donald Trump, having Democrat prosecutors up and down the eastern seaboard trying to imprison their political opponent, bankrupt their political opponent, remove him from the ballot, and he committed bunch of crimes. Molly, as an assault on democracy. At the same time they were trying to push that message. This is the problem though, and people are hoping that they will have rule of law going forward and no more of these political prosecutions designed to go after not just Donald Trump, but people who were challenging school boards, pro-life activists there. This was the underrated story because our media are so in favor of Kamala Harris and the Democrat Party in general.


They have failed to tell that story accurately. The reality is that Donald Trump was credibly accused of dozens of felony charges, was convicted of many of them. And Donald Trump has stood on the campaign trail this campaign cycle and said he wants to go after his political opponents and put them in jail in, In fact, he was talking about the threat post by the, lemme finish this Abuse of I lemme let you talk a lot here. My point is that for Democrats and Americans who look at the litany of charges, Donald Trump has been charged with some of which we saw him do with our own eyes. The fact that you can be elected president and all of that criminality and possible convictions just goes away and you are held above the law. To many Americans today that feels deeply unfair about Our system.


The idea, the way the Democrat party treated it was as if he and other Republicans were below the law and that period is over and a lot of people are happy. So congrats. Everyone should send a big collective Twitter. Thank you to Marie Harf. A legend. A legend in the Republican. The Republican. But yes, thank you Marie. It's people like you and the Tarlov and the mad ey isn't that personal, man, I can't say this enough. I know these people from Fox. I'm an ideological activist who believes in liberty and freedom and you don't. You just got your asses handed to you politically in the most historical electoral route since 1984.


Ronald Reagan, I would say almost as impressive given what we're dealing with right now and they still don't get it. Everyone clappy hands emoji in the chat. We need more. Marie Horse. Keep pushing. Marie, keep pushing for cutting kids nuts off in grammar school, pouring in grammar schools. Keep pushing for open borders, arresting your political opponents for made up ridiculous crimes with no victims. And then say he was incredibly accused. Incredibly accused by who. The civil case has. No victims. Did you even pay attention? Credibly accused by who? A Fulton County DA who was having an affair with her boyfriend and having meetings at the White House.


Incredibly accused by who? Jack Smith and a Casey got his crank handed to him at the Supreme Court for violating separation of powers. Are you, do you even pay attention to the news? This is what they do. Thank people like her it's because of people like her that we can keep this red momentum going. Now we can officially, now that it's over, I don't care what anyone tells you folks, now that the house has been called, this was officially a red wave. I know you sense why I didn't wanna talk about it beforehand. I always think that's a mistake to talk about it beforehand now that it's over. This was unquestionably a red wave.


You said it. This. isn said the word I did. It's true. It was I mean. There's no way to folks. There's no way around it. Well, I mean they had almost no successes anywhere. You understand? We gained seats in Vermont Local. In Vermont. There were like 16 states seats in Vermont that we won. We won seats in Minnesota. We won seats in Michigan. We won seats in the Senate like Pennsylvania that were, we were expected to lose by five points. We won a West Virginia seat that they had held for a long time, a Montana seat. These are, we won a seat in Ohio and against a guy who'd been in office, what, 16 years.


This was the real deal. We swept every single swing state and it wasn't even close. Noted that the fact that they still have races with Sammy, it's, I know it is embarrassing that they still can't call races in California and elsewhere is freaking embarrassing. Like, get your together, man. Folks, we do have a bit of a problem though. And this clip is important and it's something we're gonna have to deal with. I shouldn't end on, it's not bad news, but it could be. The house majority we have is slim. We can't lose anyone. And with some appointments like Mike Walls and Elise Stef coming out of the house, those margins are gonna be even slimmer.


If we can afford to lose one vote, you're gonna get a lot of people in the house who are gonna say, I ain't voting for that unless you give me X. And it causes a lot of problems. I want you to listen to a guy I really liked Peter St. An, he does a lot of economic stuff, but he nails this topic. You need to stay on your representatives from day one and say, I will be watching you and how you vote in this Trump agenda. Thus is no time to let off the gas because this is, we can't lose anyone. And with 218, 219 members, it's a big problem. Check this out. It is. Official Republicans swept the entire election winning the presidency, the Senate, and the House of Representatives.


Ironically, this puts Donald Trump in a much stronger position than if Joe Biden had not stolen. The 2020 election means Trump has at least two years of a friendly Congress to get his people appointed and his policies passed. Still, the majorities are narrow. It looks like 53 Republicans in the Senate. You need 50 for control when you have the Veep and maybe 221 in the house where you need two 18. So that's plus three of the Senate plus three in the house, which is very narrow. Historically, that means left, left-wing Republicans, rhinos can absolutely gum things up. They won't be able to gum things up if you make sure they don't gum things up. But he's not wrong.


They'll try. They're all gonna try to get reelected. Some of them will be in swingy districts. They're gonna, not all these people have the balls, Donald Trump does. The second, the media voter id. That's racist. Jim Crow, despite no evidence, that's actually true. A lot of these people are gonna fold. They won't fold if you stay on them and make sure they don't fold. Critically important, you stay on that case. Folks. And I, really appreciate you tuning in. Of course we have our shirts. Don't get dead. We have more. More four more years. That was a viewer suggestion. Selling like crazy. Really appreciate it. We've done a lot of charitable donations off the shirt. Sale store.bonino.com and please download the Rumble app.


Rumble has had a huge month. We are just exploding everywhere. I really appreciate it. It is free. It is the free speech alternative to YouTube rumble.com/bonino. Join us every day. Live at 11:00 AM Just do that little thing, hit that subscribe, follow button. It's free, doesn't cost you anything. And please download the Rumble app and if you wouldn't mind giving us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, we would deeply appreciate it. I'll see you on the radio show here on Rumble in a little bit, and back here tomorrow, live at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.