
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, this Hearing could not be going any worse. I'm listening to acting Secret service director Ron Rowe, who is part and parcel to the problem up there and again tell you he's gonna take responsibility and people are taking responsibility. Yet amazingly, no one's been fired. There's a dead body. Two people shot and President Trump with a piece of his ear that was shot off. I don don't understand this. More evidence to surface more videos. I'm gonna listen. We're gonna, we're gonna do something different today.


And. I. Want to just ask you to just please be patient, If you sense any problems? Tell us in the chat. We're gonna do our best to try to run some of this hearing and comment live time while doing this show. It's kind of in a bit of a lull right now with a lot of Democrats asking stupid questions like gun control type stuff. But some of the stuff that's been said so far is just ridiculous, folks, just about be patient with us. We appreciate it. It's gonna be quite a show.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam Stream Powder. Go get it now. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Thank you Beam.


Again. Big show. More videos emerged a lot of big things to talk about.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by the stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault in our values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that's still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life. Our military and first responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first. By switching to Patriot Mobile today, you get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. That 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values, pretending to have the same coverage they don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan.


All right, fellas, get this show started. So first, Susan Crabtree, again, who I've had on my radio show now a couple of times, has blown the door off this thing in this real clear politics piece, confirming again what her And, I and other good reporters have already told you that Ronald Rowe, the acting director testifying up there now cannot possibly be part of an investigative effort that of a active grotesque malfeasance that he was a part of. Please read this piece in the newsletter today. bonino.com/newsletter please. Acting Secret Service chief played key role in limiting resources for Trump.


Susan Crabtree goes through methodically how this guy right now testifying was one of the guys responsible for limiting protective assets to the Donald Trump detail. Folks, I'm just asking you a simple question as as a friend, forget being a former Secret Service agent and knowing all these guys and working with them just as a normal human being. Pretend they have nothing to do with this at all. I sold candy in a candy store. If I rob a bank, do you put me in charge of robbing a bank of the investigation of the actual bank robbery? Of course not. If your brother or sister robbed a bank, do you put them in charge of of this investigation of a family member?


Because there's a conflict of interest. Ron Rowe has a conflict of interest. He is the answer to a lot of the investigative questions as to why there were insufficient assets available at this site. Folks, the bombshells just keep coming. Another Susan Crabtree special. Look at this tweet. I did not have this. This is exclusive to her exclusive Secret Service. Counter Sniper sent an email Monday night to the entire uniform division, not the agents saying he will not stop speaking out until these supervisors are either fired or removed from their current positions. He said, listen to this folks Percu ears up right now.


Put those little quiet place creature like antennas in your ear, whatever, and pay very close attention to this because I told you this the other day. This is completely independent of this guy's email. The counter sniper secret service officer said the agency should quote, expect another assassination attempt before no November. It sounds like something I told you. If you'd like to read the email, it's attached to the tweet folks. It's right here. We'll put it up on the screen. You can read the whole thing. The gist of it is this is going to happen again.


I warned you about this yesterday, that the Secret Service has been a failure for decades and the management has had no vision for this. Guys have been lucky, some guys have managed to do a lot more with a lot less and get around mistakes by being creative. I've gone over this a thousand times how not just you know me, but other agents out there doing sites have managed to cobble together boxes of car parts and stuff as shields against weapons because we didn't have enough posts. The guys there on the ground have done a pretty good job in keeping the agency lucky.


This guy addresses this in the email, how it's not the ground guys, it's the leadership starving these guys of assets except the guys on the ground in the Pittsburgh office who conducted this advance. This is a totally different story, man. I I, I don don't know what you need to hear this. These problems are not solvable overnight. They've gotta get these guys in the pipeline and trained and out there functioning as counter sniper agents, officers. It's not. This is a year of training and vetting. You can't just hire someone off the street. How do you know they're not an Iranian spy? That's, you gotta put a G. So you're gonna put a guy with a high powered rifle next to the president of the United States without proper vetting.


Do you? You understand the risk you're taking. The management dug this hole two decades ago. There's no getting out of this overnight. There just isn't. I wish there was an easy way to explain this to you. They don't have the guys in the pipeline, man. So let me sum up what Roe has said so far. He said he's making and taking corrective action. I'm gonna address a few of 'em right here because none of 'em are sufficient. First he said, well I went to the site. Congratulations man. It's a freaking murder scene. You went to the site. What do you want a cookie? What do you mean you went to the site?


You should have been at the site the day of you and Kim Cheadle, the former director should have been there the day of turning over and handling the crime scene transfer to the FBI. Why were you not there that day? What were you doing? Second, he says, well, we have vetting plans in place to now vet site security plans by supervisors. Folks, that's not new. A supervisor always has to vet your site security plan and sign off on it. I believe there's even lines on it on the survey and the final survey for supervisors to sign off. So his corrective action is nothing more than the same action they took before.


He's just saying that they're gonna vet security plans through multiple layers of management. Now that's exactly what they did before and it failed. Number three, they're gonna see, he says they're gonna start using drones. Now, we had some wise ass in the secret service, a guy, retired guy, send out an email. You idiots don't know anything about drones. I guess we're not idiots because your director, the guy who's ass you're kissing is now said, Hey, yeah, now we're gonna use drones. I guess we're not so stupid. Maybe If, you had a drone, you would've seen the guy on the roof with the gun shooting people and murdering someone.


This is a corrective. You just figured out drones now, and this is supposed to in inspire faith man folks, what the fuck is going on here? This is the best we can do. This guy's part of this. And he is out there celebrating this response like, oh, and this guy, this is not the public doesn't wanna hear that your advanced team put those guys in danger. They almost got killed too because we failed. This isn't the time for a victory lab. What part of that don't you get?


This is our job. We're paid to do this. It's not volunteer work. We're paid to keep the protectee alive. We're not paid to fuck around. The hell do you think we're doing out there? Number four, he says they're gonna fix communications now. Now you're gonna fix communications. It's never occurred to you before. Protecting the highest threat profile figure in the entire globe. Donald Trump, to actually have open lines of communication through your security room and command post with actual law enforcement personnel with guns on the scene. Now you're gonna do that.


That may be the one thing he said that makes sense. I still can't understand how they didn't have communications that day. There were radios in the command post. Someone wasn't listening to them and this is why I'm telling people who are emailing me, what you're hearing is not what happened. The radios are there. Sounds like an awfully convenient excuse. Oh, they were turned off. Really? Here's, this one was hilarious. Ro says they're gonna expeditiously start approving security assets. He's the one that denied the security assets. Can you put up the real clear article again please?


By Susan Crabtree, one of the few reporters out there doing work. Ron Rowe played key role in limiting resources for Trump. So his corrective is to what? Stop being Ron Rowe. He was the guy who stopped the assets from getting out there. You think he's gonna give you an honest evaluation of asset restriction to the Donald Trump detail when he's the one who did it? He says that they're gonna have a a a a quick staff response to inquiries for the site agents on the scene that made all these security decisions. From what I'm hearing from people, they've made none of these people available to Congress.


What are you talking about? The Trump detail? I've, I haven't heard of Peep. I've got people reaching out to me now. Why aren't the Trump detail guys speaking out? I don't know. I guess they've got nothing to say. Then another, did you hear this part of the hearing? Again? We're trying our best to pull it up. They ask Ron Rowe, what did it take for you to evaluate this guy as a threat? He's there 90 minutes in advance. An hour in advance. He's walking around outside the perimeter with a backpack, which immediately suspicious. He seems to be doing pre-op surveillance.


Then they find him with a range finder as he's trying to clearly evade police officers and take fur of action and Roe responds. It was a golf range finder. He wasn't there to play fucking golf. Dude. He had a backpack, not a golf bag. Can you stop using this stupid excuse that A guy with a rangefinder with a backpack acting suspiciously wasn't enough reason to keep Trump off the stage. You just didn't do it. You failed. The team failed. Stop.


Well, it's a range finder for golf. What was it? The golden bear out there freaking Jack Nicholas. It was some crazy kid they'd already been tracking the entire time who had a bag and didn't enter the magnetometer checkpoint. 'cause clearly he had something there. He didn't want people to see freaking golf. Why would you even say something so freaking stupid? Folks? Again, I'm not in this to make friends. You guys do whatever you want out there. I'm telling you to the guys in the agency trying to help me out to fix this thing.


God bless you and thank you. I know what you've done. I know your Patriots. I work with you. I worked with you. I know who you are and you know who I am. And I, want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for trying to fix this disaster we've been talking about for decades. Books have been written, articles, people have reached out to members of Congress. Nothing was done. Nothing was done, and now someone's dead. And Donald Trump was shot in the head. Also, there was an effort by Roe. It appeared to again, pawn this off on the locals. We told them we, it's your job to check, it's your job. I can't explain this to you in strong enough terms. The Secret Services job is laid out in Title 18 of the United States Code section 30 56.


It's clear as day you can go read it right now. 3 0 5 6. It is legally and administratively the secret services job to keep them alive. It is not the Beaver County, Pennsylvania Police Department or Butler County. They were kind enough and heroic enough to provide assets. That's it. That is it. If the Secret Service can't do its job and it wants Beaver County to do it, I'm sure Beaver County will get deputized. Take the $3 billion budget and figure out a way Rose like this is, man, we were, you know, we told 'em to get up there and cover this spot. Well, maybe you should have checked.


It is unacceptable to blame these guys. It is not their job. They are there as a courtesy. They owe us nothing. There is nothing in the Beaver or Butler County Police Department guidelines that indicate that they are responsible for Federal Secret Service. Protectees. I assure you nothing. They are there as a courtesy. We should have staffed it. You've got three high points. You need staffed. It's not Beaver County's job. Well, they didn't. You got some of it. Got it. Alright guys, do us a favor. I'm gonna, you know what, let me read this spot. I'm gonna take a quick break. We're gonna figure this out and I'm gonna try to run some of this hearing live If.


you don't have sound or anything. These guys are great. Just help us out here a little bit. You know, you get where I'm going with this.


you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? I was last night waiting for this. Trust me, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but there's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. Their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, l-theanine, apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's? Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for unlimited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop eam.com/bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Beam. We appreciate it.


All right, let's try to pull this up. See what we got here. See if we get this hearing and let us know in the chat. We'll be watching If. you can hear this Nation temp and domestic terrorism. don don't hear it. It's obviously you hear anything assassination attempt. Why, why make the distinction? What what is different about that? We think it's important to cover all the possibilities here in the, in the reality of what we're dealing with and what we've all seen, Senator, and we've learned lessons from the past. The baseball, the tragic shooting at the baseball field was referenced here. We've learned the lesson from that. That was not opened properly. And we've made changes in the Bureau and it's reflected here in terms of how this investigation is being approached with a completely open mind and inclusive of all the possibilities, including domestic terrorism.


I fear that makes investigation potentially partisan. They're, they're telling You now, this guy got anti immigration, Would request that The motive wasn't him. The Motive was He wanted to kill Donald Trump. You why? In the head, ask for all kinds of information, documentation. Ask a lot of questions. You my preliminary findings of July, July 21st and July 23rd, including timelines. A bunch of questions as well be end of the record and then our updated timeline dated today. Just keep your eyes, this goes down by, by minute, by second. And we will continue to update this timeline as more information becomes public. This, this is the way you do investigation. We need to find out literally second by second what happens. We Yes. You know, so under, so the Republic understands the truth without Objection.


So Senator Butler, thank you Mr. Chairman. Thank you to both of our chairman and and ranking members for holding this incredibly important hearing critically for the American people to understand the safety and security that is being provided to our national leaders. Thank you both for, for being here and for, again, answering the hard questions. This is a time of, I think, heightened attention. Deservedly, deservedly so not only for our national leaders, but for the teacher who decides that they're gonna go and participate in their democracy.


Or the firefighter who wants to, you know, hear the voice and vision of the potential next leader of this country. My thoughts and prayers really are with those Pennsylvania families who have lost loved ones or have been critically injured as, as I offer my wish. We not do this questions today get I understand. Be in service to those need to get Serious issues or someone's gonna Die incidents. But in the one question of looking backward to the event on the 13th, director Abate, can I, can you just talk a little bit about how did the, how did Mr.


Crooks, how was he able to get an AR 15 onto the roof of that building? Does your investigation illuminate anything that we have learned to help to make that point more clear, We don't have definitive evidence yet as to how he got the rifle up there based on everything that's been collected thus far. Photos, video eyewitness accounts. We do believe he likely had it in the backpack. Broken down in the backpack. Yeah. We're we're still assessing that. I'm hearing that too. Our laboratory has taken, may not be wrong, looked at the rifle itself and measured that, which would be insane against typically itself.


And if placed in this backpack, it would extend outside. It would've been visible. We don't have anyone who's observed him, who observed him with the backpack with a rifle barrel or other part of it sticking out of the backpack. But the rifle would not have fit fully into this backpack to be concealed. Only two solutions folks, either it was disassembled in, in the backpack. We video that recently, or as said to you, the night it happened, the shooter walking, he placed it in advance, buried it or hit it. We don it probably brought it in the backpack before 6:00 PM about 5 56 ahead of the guy, I believe. And based on everything we have, we assessed that he returned to his vehicle at that time, got the backpack and then proceeded back to the area into the A GR building.


And then he's observed, of course on the roof, just, you know, minutes later holding the backpack in front of him. In fact, there's dash cam footage from a police vehicle that shows him briefly traversing the roof with the backpack in front of him. And then it's just minutes after that that he's actually seen by the officer who I described with the rifle on the roof. It is possible that he broke the rifle down. That We don't have conclusive evidence of that and took it out of the bag on the roof in those moments before and reassemble it there. That's one of the theories we're looking at and working on right now. Thank you for that. You take me Right.


Acting director ro thank you for your years in de of dedicated service and, and jumping in in a hot time. But you're, take me right to this point of communication. There's been a lot of conversation about the, and even in your biggest failing and by far verbal testimony, you have talked a lot about how did the communication did and, and we tracking a threat, the disparate nature in which it's happening across the different channels. One sort of foundational question that I have is, are all elements of an event communicated on the same channel? If I lost my kid and I'm at a big rally, are are local law enforcement talking? They on the same channel. They're about me losing my kid that they're talking about.


I see what RO says. A suspicious individual. They're not. So when it comes to the locals, they likely have some type of common, common channel that they work off of in a county or, or, or an adjoining municipality. When it comes to the secret service, we do have various channels for dare for various agents and our uniform told officers working specific ACE aspects of that advance. So it's not possible. And the security room tells everybody what's going on from all the chat, the communication or the, well, she would say that losing of the, the thread of, of tracking this individual was sort of lost in the commotion of all of the other communications that could have been, or maybe was she's losing was don't lose threats was separate from the communication channels that were happening.


Senator I can only speak to the Secret Service. Sure. Lines of communication. And we did not have anything beyond suspicious person that was communicated to us. What Else did, last question really quickly 'cause I'm, I'm out of time, but I Suspicious person with arrange flying. Dude, was there any communication with the secret service? He keeps saying that was talking directly didn't have anything other, Some suspicious person with a range find and A backpack. The former president's As if that's not Enough, that feels like there's been some question by colleagues about why the call wasn't made to delay the event. Help us understand the communication that either was or was not happening directly with the president.


Former president's. Good questions, detail to make the call to delay. 10 minutes, 20. We've all been to these events. They never happen on time prize. That makes sense. But, but the, the to delay while this was being investigated, So the detail, all they, you know, they were, were operating on their net, which our security room was, was monitoring. But again, having information of a suspicious individual. There were other calls that day of individuals that came to the attention of law enforcement, of people that needed medical attention. So no, no medical Medical's different. Stop That, that particular regarding the assailant that never really rose to a level of we should, we should not put him out there.


Had we known that there Was man, then you gotta get out of the threat assessment. A business, a dangerous individual out there. We would never let a protectee go out on stage. He was Dangerous. He shot him in the, the head. Thank Jim. Senator Hessen, recognize for Your questions. Oh shit. Well, thank, thank you Very much Mr. Chairman, I wanna thank you and Chairman Derman and the ranking members for holding this joint hearing today. And thank you to your careers of service to our country. And I, really grateful that President Trump is safe and extend my sympathies to the family of co ur. So Don't tell me they didn't have any Ation shot at the rally and my just admitted to everyone who was injured on July 13th, major failures nearly led to the assassination of a presidential candidate who is also a former president of the United States.


The Secret Service has to be fully transparent about how this happened and how it's going to change moving forward. Understanding there's also a need to balance Congress's engagement in oversight with allowing law enforcement to conduct an ongoing criminal investigation. I wanna thank the agents of the Secret Service for selflessly acting to protect collectivity And Their families. Appreciate and our former president This five Minutes to, for their sacrifices and their service. And I want to thank all law enforcement and particularly law enforcement officers and first responders who worked to minimize harm to the crowd on July 13th. Mr. Rowe, I wanna start with you.


New Hampshire hosts many political rallies. Protecting the speakers and attendees at these events requires extensive coordination between state and local law enforcement, the secret service staff, and obviously campaigns event staff. As a former governor, I've experienced some of the challenges that this type of coordination can create, but we know that this coordination is really essential to public safety. It's clear that there were significant coordination failures on July 13th. You told us earlier that the local SWAT team told the secret service that local law enforcement had eyes on the A GR roof. But there are reports that members of a local SWAT team never met with the Secret Service in the days before the Butler rally.


How Is I can tell You how, what steps does the secret service take prior to political rallies To ensure that the agency until the day before the event, that's why they Never met with them. The candidate security details with state and local law enforcement. He's not himself. Campaign event staff watch, Listen. So as part of the advance process senator, as happened in Butler as well, there's a police meeting and basically that is a, that's, that initiates the advance. That's bringing in all the, not only emergency management officials, but all the state and local law enforcement agencies that may have aspects of supporting or assisting in that, in that advance. And on that visit, the, the, the, the focus of that police meeting, one is to exchange numbers and business cards and then coordinate Times.


Yes. I told you this yesterday. Get walkthrough to the point why were there no agents There? There were walkthroughs of the Butler farm site with local law enforcement agencies that were supporting that visit. And that was directly as a result of having that, that police meeting to begin the process of figuring out, dividing up the labor areas of responsibility. So what you're telling me is that that Meeting, meeting Secret Service, ask him the question. The first meeting led to the walkthrough, The Secret Service Desk local line process And that the, at least some members, the directors of the local SWAT team would've been part of that process. Well, as I understand it, the Beaver County, they were seconded to assist Butler, but the Butler ESU team were part of the advanced process.


Okay. How many agents did the Secret Service provide to plan answer secure this event and how many people from state and local law enforcement agencies supported the security of this event? So in totality between law enforcement state and local and federal, there are 155 personnel at the Butler Farm site that day. Ask Him how many Secret Service Agents all combined Secret Service. It's in the seventies. And then we had support from Homeland Security Investigations that were providing post standards, and then we had approximately 70 or so various Pennsylvania state law enforcement. Okay, Thank you. I wanna go to one other issue before my time expires there.


I'm sorry. You've talked today and in our secure briefing about the interoperability of the Secret services counter drone capability, that it failed early on it so it didn't catch the drone flowing over the site by the shooter first. What changes are, you've addressed this a little bit, what changes is the secret service making to ensure that it has backup technology, but also what efforts did the Secret Service undertake to coordinate with other law enforcement regarding anti drone capability at the rally site Determine.


We're working to determine that right now, Senator, we're getting the, the redundancies in place. He's working to, It's Been two, two weeks. Authority. It it is a little complex. It's not state locals don't necessarily, you Didn't wanna put A drone there. This ability to, to do that. And it does require coordination with the FAA because it does, it could impact commercial With The faa. Okay, thank you. And, and Mr. Chair, I'm just gonna follow up sh And I. Think one of the things, Is this a hearing or is this a joke You're hearing from a lot of folks, but I'm not sure we're really clear on yet, is how is it that somebody who clearly is arou arousing concern from law enforcement isn't, isn't identified as as suspicious?


And how is it that that information doesn't get to the president? The former president's detail? So I'll, I'll follow up in writing. Thank you. No follow up in writing. Get the answer today. What do you mean you'll follow up in writing? He still hasn't answered it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Roe, can you explain why the shooter's drone worked? Because there was no counter UAS present, sir. Yes, There Wasn't. Well you had a drone system, but you had bandwidth problems. The bandwidth apparently was adequate for the shooter's drone, but not for the secret service. Can you explain that? I I have no explanation for it, sir.


But then, then resign or figure it Out. We also know that in the military context, electronic warfare or jamming capabilities are commonly used on the battlefield. Does the Secret Service have jamming capabilities or drones? We have drones, sir. And when it comes to, I have to be very careful about how I answer this one in an open form. What I can tell you is that we have technical security, sir, to address I think what you're asking me. Well, you didn't employ them. Well the question is, can you take down a suspicious drone because this can be used not only for surveillance by the shooter, which obviously it was here.


Good question. But also drones can be weaponized. Yeah. Eight. And be used as as as a threat to, to the president or the, in this case the president, president Trump. Do you have the capacity to stop a weaponized drone? What I will tell you, sir, is that we have technical security measures that we utilize at permanently protective sites. We also have the ability in a limited fashion at temporary sites. What I can tell you is that on this day, the counter UAS system had technical difficulties and technic did not go operational until after Five o'clock tech and they still walked him out on Stand.


So in this case, the shooter, you believe this shit had a rifle, but somebody who wanted to kill a president for former president or a candidate for president would not need a rifle. They could use a drone. Correct. It is a potential threat vector. But when The ref this identified as a then You just let, let him out on stage anyway, Can you explain to, oh my gosh, Us this is such a failure When a suspicious person becomes identified as a threat. Yes. Well I think it's also when a weapon or some other dangerous item, item a weapon. So If, you, You're walking around with a rangefinder, presented a backpack fur, a You, Don have a weapon in you.


You're good. Render somebody a, a threat as opposed to somebody who was under suspicion. I think the rangefinder is what initially brought him to the attention of, of local law enforcement. Oh my gosh. And why would the president be allowed take to the stage while a suspicion, thank you Senator. Suspicious person had been identified. And before the Secret service or local law enforcement were able to investigate the circumstances. So at that time, senator's suspicion had not risen to the level of, of threat or imminent harm, then Find a new job. You made the wrong decision. Didn't Ultimately that suspicious person did become a threat.


Do you think if Guys am my messing president, President had been asked not to. We didn't think he was suspicious enough to be a threat during, but then he shot a guy in The head investigate, But we're good. We're gonna get him right next time is his take that Wouldn't that have been the appropriate way to, to deal with it, Senator? It certainly is one way to do it. This is a challenge for law enforcement in general is that being able to, you, you identify somebody that comes to your attention. It's not a Challenge Ron. And you're trying to determine It's your Job. What are their in intentions To determine when this guy is gonna try to kill the president And he blew Enforce law enforcement. The individual was actually came to the attention for suspicion. He's on the outer perimeter adjacent to the, the, the secured site.


Law enforcement is circulating for him. But again, without additional information at that point You have additional information. We're not rising to the level yet where perhaps we should pull him off after this or or delay him. And, I'm just suggesting that maybe just maybe President Trump's appearance should have been delayed while that suspicion could be Not Maybe the investigator they Should have. But you, I've always thought of the Secret Service as the best of the best when it comes to their willingness to put themselves in harm's way to protect the life of their person. They are to And, I think you rigorous process by which it's not rigorous folks, people are screened.


Not, it's not, I think you mentioned the 2% standard. It's not of people who are interested in serving. Only a very small fraction of those individuals are actually accepted in the Secret service because of the high standards that your agency has. High standards for Certain. But explain to me why the Secret Service being an elite law enforcement agency would delegate to local law enforcement or others Because they're guys a working investigation. 2% standard, not Protection. In other words, that's exactly why That's something that Secret Service should have covered as opposed to delegating it to local law enforcement. So Senator, again, this is where I went back to earlier when I said it was in a failure to to, to challenge our assumptions.


We assume that the state and locals had it don't, by no means I Shouldn't have at all. You should, should have had Your commitment and I'm sure you, you, your job man, state, local law enforcement do their jobs every day and protect the communities that, that you represent. No doubt about it. So I think what we made an assumption that there was gonna be uniform presence out there, that there would be sufficient eyes. You assumed to cover that. That there was gonna be assumed counters sniper team Checked. You didn't double check It's Their fault building. It's the local fault. And I can assure you that we're not gonna make that mistake again. He will moving forward. He absolutely, I directed our office of protective operations that when our counters snipers are up, their counter snipers Are up.


Gotta it guys. We'll suit It. They're on the roof as well. Let's give us, and we, we have, we, we, we do this all the time, time with us. Give us the old Thumbs up, our colleagues in the New York City Police Department when we cover the United Nations General Assembly. And so that is TP Moving Moving forward. Director row. I would just submit to you that those assumptions can be lethal. Yeah. And in this case, they were all folks, I'm gonna take a quick break. We'll get back to this and I've got another lot, lot of senator, Senator Scott. You're right.


Hey If, you weren't following the news. A big hit to the US dollars just came in June when the Saudis didn't renew the 50 year petro dollar deal with the United States. Since 1974, Saudi Arabia sold oil in US dollars. That was huge to our global economic dominance. Now they want options other than the dollar. So I ask you if there's less demand for the US dollar or what happens to the US dollar. Look, it's reasons like this that I buy gold from Birch Gold and why I feel they're a valuable resource for you as well. For over 20 years, Birch Gold Group has helped tens of thousands of Americans protect their savings by converting an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. To learn more text, Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your free, no obligation info on gold Birch Gold has earned my trust with their education First approach here, thousands of happy customers and their countless five star views protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates supply. Thanks Birch Gold.


Our last sponsor today, and we'll get back to the show is PolicyGenius. 40% of people with life insurance wish they got in their policy at a younger age. PolicyGenius helps you get the life insurance you need fast so you can get on with your life. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for a million dollars of coverage. That's some options that offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius lets you compare quotes for America's top insurers and just a few clicks, find your lowest price. They're expert license. Licensed support team is your advocate at every step of the process, answering questions, handling paperwork, and helping you make decisions with confidence. It's not just expenses. You need to be covered for your loved ones could inherit your debt, your work life, your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection for your family's needs. Even worse, it may not come with you. If, you leave your job. PolicyGenius gives you unbiased advice from a licensed expert support team. They have no incentive to recommend one insurer over another so you can trust their guidance. Thousands of five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot from customers who found the best fit for their needs, been with me a long time. Don't put off your life insurance. Make it easy with PolicyGenius company I trust. Head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com folks, back to the show.


I, I warned you about this guy and now you're seeing it in the hearing, blaming the same big themes, blaming the locals, never answering the question why the secret service doesn't have enough people there. His correctives are things he's trying to hide himself from that he's been involved in misallocation of assets. He's blaming everyone but himself. He is the guy, he was the deputy director responsible to this. Let's go back, see if he's got any more answers to this. Whose question analysis Scott days. Scott, I mean the information, I mean we, we are sitting 17 days into this and I'm getting asked questions that I can't believe are true, but the public believes it's true. So what you all are doing is you're ruin you and your reputation impact the integrity of the federal government.


It makes no sense to me. So are you gonna commit to, is it, are you gonna do it once a month? I mean, what I mean, I mean bull and the FBI, same thing, not just you. What did director race say? Did he say you couldn't do it? Senator, if I may jump in here first. Thank you all for your guidance in this regard. And in fact we've done, we haven't done something every day. No doubt about that. But you know, we're, we're focused from the FBI side on the investigation part. As we've laid out here today, we actually, based on your guidance, we, we did a media engagement, not a standup type press conference just yesterday and laid out in full. Oh yeah. Everything That I've shared here, folks, they been very open To public beyond that in the interest of time.


But Justin, we missed, must have missed that press conference yesterday during the Show because of the intense interest in this, nobody Trusts these guys. You think they'd be open doing pressers every day? This is the best they can do. Provided everything through media and through journalists and here all of the information that we have derived from the investigation. Thus, sir, we re remain committed to do that in full answering and, and all questions and sharing any and all information we obtain except You're not doing It. You guys realize the value of going in front of the press. You right, Right. Except for any piece of information you might actually need. And, I mean you realize that every If, you don't do it that way. Everything gets filtered. Too busy Interfering elections. You put out all the information and you should, you should be, you should be providing, I mean you should be every day say, this is what we know now.


Yes. Like Senator Johnson put together a timeline. You should have put together a timeline you should immediately put out, this is what we know right now and this is what We don't know. Like we, like you've said, you don't know how the gun got up there. Right? You've said it, but why, why, why have that should been out all along. Say we're looking at it, it doesn't make any sense. We've done this, we've done this, we've done this. If you do. I mean this. I just don't get it. Why? Why what you're doing, you're ruining. I've said this about, about the FBI, I mean the people that work, the FBI people work at Secret Service. They're great people. You're a black hole. You lose the support of the American public 'cause people don't believe you're being direct with them.


No faith in these Institutions anymore. I don't, I I completely disagree with your approach. I just wanna finish. I've got, I've got like everybody else, I said I did a letter July 18th. I haven't gotten any answers yet. I wanna put it into the record and I'd love to get the answers to this 'cause this is, this is what the public is asking for. They want more information. They wanna know what happened, who's gonna be held accountable and how we're gonna make sure this never happens again. Thank you. Without Objection. It'll be entered in the record. Senator, Mr. Chairman, thank you for being here to both of you and more important thank you for your professional delegation.


Your, your personal brave Al is Blumenthal, your devotion of the ideals of law enforcement. Exactly. Yeah. Paragon of Integrity itself. Both of this moment is a painful one and acting director role. I've heard you speak in a private setting very emotionally and Yeah, I'm sure he was emotional great A guy's dead, their family's emotional too, too action will assure accountability. It's emotional accountability. He covering his ass account. You share a commitment along with director debate to full public disclosure to the maximum extent possible. We can make speeches at you and I've made one myself in that private setting about the need for broader fuller disclosure to the public, not just in press conferences, but in the course of your investigation about what you know and feel you can disclose without compromising your investigation.


Let me ask you, last week, Senator Peters and Paul, along with Senator Johnson and myself, sent requests to both of your agencies to produce documents. We've only received a handful so far. Can you commit to when we can expect those documents? No, They won't. They they're not. They're gonna hide the Phone as possible. We to you as quickly as we can, Senator. But They haven't. We expect them this week. We will. We will. We will work to get to meet that deadline, sir. And when can we expect all the communications, the text messages that agents have sent to each other? Eventually all of it is going to come out.


Actually not a bad question. When can we expect all those Maybe the January 6th text too. Can you get those? We will gather them up and get them to you. Senator, You haven't yet. You understand folks, it's been two weeks. We still don't have the text communications and emails from that day position. And you trust him to give you honestly to give 'em over The local law enforcement. Yeah, exactly. Michael brings up a good point. Oh, they just didn't know responsible for The shooter on the roof, the snipers that were in place, that it was their job to take him out. But ultimately doesn't the buck stop with the secret service?


It stops with us, sir. But let me just clarify. No, but the perspective that they had on that roof, Oh gosh, here we go. When I show you the perspective from what our sniper saw, he's on the downside of that ridge roof. Their perspective from the a r building. So why the, the sniper was on this is Looking out this their area responsibility, this looking left. They should have been able to see, you can see in that photo in exhibit A, which what we, we will make part of the record. So why was the counter sniper guy in an un advantageous position already bridge and then asked the local guy to take the better position and never followed up if they didn't take the position.


I'm not saying they should, just to be clear and you left open the line of sight. If they'd have just held their post, Here he is, blame them again. Maybe, and there's a lot of maybes there. Senator would've Held If. You believe this Ship, somebody needs to be held accountable. And I. Think Senator Graham hit the nail on the head. We need to know who specifically was responsible for doing what, who was responsible for. I already told you guys Saying to former President Trump, The secret, secret service was Responsible. It's not safe to go out there yet. Who was responsible for making sure that those local law enforcement were doing their job?


Who was responsible Site agent from Pittsburgh that's tracking down detail leader for the Trump DTD Suspicious person. That's your answer. He won't say that Won't fit the profile. 10 to 25 years old young male. The FBI has warned us about it Year after year after year, director Ray has come before us and said the threat is from domestic extremism. Oh Shit. Now We're going with this again, the lone gunman. We're all aware of it in law enforcement. So I think we need individual accountability here and people need to be held responsible in fact, lose their jobs if necessary to send a message that this massive inte intelligence and surveillance failure as well as the enforcement failure cries out for accountability.


Let me just ask in the short time I have left, what is the nature of the Iran threat? It's like a 4-year-old threat. I'm sorry, Senator, could you repeat the question? What is the nature of the Iran threat, the, the threat to former President Trump? That has been mentioned, But we know that, that, that, let me be clear here. The terrorist regime of Iran have been targeting people who are getting people to our country for many, many years. Now we've talked about that here before. I wanna be clear about that. From the FBI standpoint, we have, we know Folks, they've known about this Iran threat for a Very long time.


Targeted, it's a real threat. It's Not a joke. Threat's been going on forever. They're pretending this is new to pretend they just learned about it and this why they bump bumping up security. They've known about this Years there a specific or imminent threat on July 13th. We have no information that there are any co-conspirators or that foreign or domestic, including Iran related to this. But we're not, I wanna be clear, we have no evidence of that. We're not ruling anything out. We're looking into all possibilities and leaving our minds open to that. Was that on the minds of the Secret service on July 13th that there might be some threat from Iran?


Sir, we as deputy director of Bay just said, we're aware of the public, the public sentiment and statements of the government. I've Iran to do harm to Donald J. Trump and we use a threat based model. Well, clearly it's not working. Senator Ossoff, If, you recognized for your questions. Thank you Mr. Chairman and thank you both for your testimony today and and for your service Mr. Row. I wanna begin discussing secret service staffing and the extent to which HSI or other personnel are augmenting or backfilling inadequate, right? Come back to me. Secret service. This Is the same question Before, generally going down the path on the day of the assassination attempt, Secret service, can't say We, don't have enough people, and then say we're putting a president and former president out there and we don't have enough people.


Then get more people or pull your people from investigative work and put 'em on protection. None of this is complicated folks. He doesn't wanna, ans he doesn't want to answer either. This basic question, having done this line of work, it is the detail leader's job that day to be reaching out to the site agent who should be checking in with the locals to say, are we clear? You get this thing called the sit rep a situation report. The situation report should always end with all clear, come on in. What's the problem here? It was not all clear. They were working a threat they keep saying was suspicious but not a threat When it was a threat, acknowledging they made a faulty threat assessment because the guy killed someone and shot President Trump in the head If, you can't make threat assessments then let's get someone in there who can and all of this bullshit about, well, we weren't being communicated with, lemme tell you a quick story.


I was at Martha's Vineyard once with Obama. He was golfing with Bloomberg. I'm the lead advance. It's my site. The entire trip is mine. The boss's name was the boss's name at the time. Let's, let's just call him Vinny, that's not his name, but whatever. The boss, the special agent in charge of Barack Obama's detail when he was president, let's call him Vinny is reaching out to me about an air threat. He asked me a thousand times, Hey, where is it? Is it coming in? Is it low and slow? You want an air threat to be coming in high and fast. It'll blow right over you. You. Don't want it low and slow. Where is it? Where is it? What are we doing? Are we launching the combat air patrol? What did we, and we wound up doing it.


We mitigated the threat. He was asking questions. You noticed that none of this happened. There was no back and forth in communications whatsoever. Was the detail involved? Was the site agent involved? If they weren't, their job is to assess a threat. A threat. They clearly failed at assessing from moving it to suspicion to an actual threat, which it was they failed. Folks, I want you to watch this. Can you run that video, the long one, just vo it for a few minutes. I want you to watch, just keep the sound going. You don't want I'm, yeah, this one, I want you to listen to this. This is like two minutes. Just play it on vo. Do you understand? Even if they blew everything for 90 minutes and failed to assess this guy as a threat, which he was Somebody in this building, There are people in the audience and cops looking for this guy as Donald Trump is on stage, he still hasn't been shot.


Listen, there is no reason for him to have not been pulled off the stage zero. You failed. At this point, this is clearly gone beyond suspicion to a threat. Listen, got a guy on a horse here coming by with a Trump flag, You don. Mind if I go A woman, whatever. Trump's still talking. You can see the cops looking for this guy. This is Dave Stewart of Butler PA's video. His cell phone was confiscated, recently returned. This is new video. Hear Trump still talking. So that's, I want you to listen to this.


Government services, Right? No question at this point, you got a threat. Lowest Still going Gracious, Recorded. Look at the cops, Now, you see 'em running. They know they got a problem. Somebody Look at this. Listen, Make yourself small, bro. I don't know what's going on. Make yourself small. Everybody knows there's a threat here. Make yourself small because he doesn't wanna get shot. There's Dave Smith there, Now you folks. I just played this video for two minutes before gunshots rang out.


You're still telling me, you, you, it was, this person was still just suspicious and not a threat. When everybody, including the, the police and the crowd at the side, the crowd is saying, make yourself small. The guy to his daughter or his friend or whatever, because they realize something bad's gonna happen and Donald Trump's still sitting out there. Isn't it the job of the detail and the side agent on the ground to be asking questions about what's going on with the threat? Well, the cops got somebody on the roof. Holy shit, we better get President Trump off the stage. Folks, this video is the most damning piece of information we have left. I'm gonna cover more of this on the radio show later.


Folks, I hope you appreciated me taking this live. Given the severity of the situation. I feel like us and a few other reporters out there are the only ones really demanding answers. I'm gonna cover this more on the radio show in a little bit. Please go back and listen to all that. For live commentary, download the Rumble app. Please follow us Rumble dot com slash bonino. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify too. Dark times, man. You come here for truth. We've been way ahead of the news cycle every single time. And I, think you saw it today. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a little bit and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.