
Hello everyone. Welcome in to Nightly Scroll. I am Hay Caria. Thank you for all of you who are in the chat watching live. I love to see the chat just light up. I'm already excited to get you all involved in the show tonight. We had a very fun day at the studio today. We had Tucker Carlson here. Of course it was Vince's live premiere of his show, VINCE. And the interview with Tucker was amazing, guys. Part two, tomorrow is even better. So make sure that you're tuned into that. It was so fun. And then when I got to the studio, I realized that at St. Patrick's Day, I don't know how it slipped my mind, but I was wearing pink. If you saw on my Instagram, I, I posted a picture with Tucker.


I had a peach pink sweater on. I thought, I can't do the show in pink. That's bad luck. It's St. Patrick's Day. So I had to come back to the studio. I went home, came back, remedied the situation, put green on. So happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone. I love St. Patrick's Day. I'm Irish, but everyone is just a little bit Irish on St. Patrick's Day. Us Irish, we don't gate keep our culture right. We like to share culture. Everyone is Irish on St. Patrick's Day. So happy St. Patty's to everyone. I've got a big show for you tonight. Of course, deputy director Dan has a very nice ring to it. That became a reality this morning. Plus, Trump is building the wall.


He's deporting gang members, keeping all of those promises. We love to see it. And plus a woke school in Illinois has reportedly forced girls to undress in front of a trans identifying student, A KAA boy. More on that in just a bit. Nightly scroll starts now. Dan Bonino is officially our deputy FBI Director. It's a good feeling, isn't it? It just, this is exactly what we voted for. There is no better person for the job. And I'm interested to hear what all of you in the chat want done.


First, what are the priorities of all of the Patriots in the chat? I will tell you what I am most interested in. What I want to see first. Obviously the Epstein files, I wanna see those released. I think that the, you know, the rele, whatever release of that information or those documents that were heavily redacted versions of documents that were already released, whatever the binder situation was, that needs to be remedied because that was a total debacle. Horrible. I, I never wanna see that ever again. And I think that that whole situation gave us new media folks a really bad name.


That's not how I want documents of that caliber, of that sensitivity to be disseminated to the American people. I think we need to have, you know, some decorum here. Especially when it comes to a case like that. Very high interest in that case, it's important and we need to treat it as such. So that is something that I am interested in also. January 6th, of course, July 13th, of course, September 11th, the assassination attempts on Trump. Of course the assassination documents and files on JFK and MLK. I wanna see all of that. One lesser known situation that I feel like no one really talks about, but I'm not over is the chef that died unexpectedly.


And you know, in a curious fashion on the Obama's Martha's Vineyard property, that was weird to me. No one talks about that anymore. I don't know if there's more information to be found, but if there is, I would've loved more information on that. I just think it's a little strange. I haven't quite forgotten about the paddle boarding incident. It was a personal chef of the Obama's and he went paddle boarding and drowned. So I would love some information on that. Here is Dan getting sworn in earlier today? That was at 8:00 AM this morning, whoof. All right, so let's pull up the chat. What are you all interested in? What do you want the FBI?


The DOJ? What do you want done first? Let me see. Activist judges investigate it. I like that. Handcuffs on Schiff. Okay. Clinton chef as well. Oh, here it is. It's a little bigger here. Ooh, you guys are going fast. Anthony Wiener's laptop cyber truck at Trump. Las Vegas. Yes. Epstein. Yes. Pipe bomber. Yes. Dan's have been talking about the pipe bomber For forever. Okay. Yeah, pipe bomber. That's good. Yeah, I know everyone wants to see handcuffs and, and perp walks. I'm, I'm with you guys. I'm with you. What else? Epstein files? Yes, of course. Trump assassination.


There's so many unanswered questions about the Trump assassination attempt. Just insane. So we certainly need to get to the bottom of that, you know, and there was an update on the Epstein files. Trump was on Cheryl Atkinson's show, I think it's called Full Measure. And he said on the Epstein files and the release, he said it's moving along, it's moving pretty rapidly. He re said about Pam Bondy. She's done a phenomenal job in every respect. And then said, the bottom line is the records are getting out. So we have that to look forward to. What I don't understand fully though, is when people are either on the campaign trail or they're vying for a job in government, they always talk a big game.


They say, you know, we're gonna get this done on day one. We're gonna do X, Y, Z. Then it seems like they get into office and there's some sort of a blockade like, I don't know what happens or who's in charge or who blocks it. But it just seems like everyone who gets in there has good intentions. And I do think, especially in Trump's second term, he is very picky about who he has in these, in his inner circle. So I think he's made smart decisions here and I think that we have good people with good intentions in these agencies, but it just seems like people think that they can get things done and then they can't.


So I really do hope that there are no more F ups because it's time to get to work. And on that note, Democrats are in panic mode. Of course Trump and everyone in his inner circle, I mean, we are getting things done. I say it all the time, this is the get ish done administration. It was flying out executive orders. Things are getting done at record speeds, the likes of which the world has never seen before. I can't do a Trump impersonation, but that was my horrible attempt. But Democrat favorability has dropped to an all time low.


Listen to how they talked about this on CNNA Brand new exclusive CNN poll that paints a brutal reality for Democrats as they struggle to mount a unified opposition to President Trump. American's favorable views of the Democratic Party's brand are at a record low just 29%. That's compared to 36% for Republicans. It is the lowest ever recorded for Democrats in CNN polling going back more than 30 years. As you can see, the party's numbers dropping a staggering 20 points in just four years. The CNN SSRS poll also found 57% of Democrats and Democratic leaning voters are more interested in seeing their party leaders stopped the GOP agenda compared to 42% who are more interested in cutting bipartisan deals.


So this is interesting. Lowest numbers in, you know, the last 30 years in CNN history, right? They've never reported anything this bad in 30 years. And it's interesting because the Democrats, the favorability is so low, but what they're upset about is that the Democrats aren't doing enough to combat the GOP agenda. I find that interesting. It's like they're so upset with their party, but it's not that their policies are failing and not, you know, speaking to the American people or not reaching the American people. They're just mad that they're not, you know, getting Trump. They're just delusional.


Like they still don't get it. They still don't get it. Anyway, over at NBC, they asked if the country was headed in the right direction. And those numbers are way up. Watch this. First of all, the mood of the country, this really jumped out. We asked folks, is it on the right direction or the wrong direction? That 44% you say, right direction, that's up since November. And if that doesn't seem like a lot, the last time it cracked 40%, you gotta go back to 2012. The last time it actually hit 44 or higher January of 2004. So a lot of this is Republicans, but independents, that number is also up since the election on the direction of the country. Well, the country is certainly headed in the right direction.


I feel that way. I'm sure everyone in the chat feels that way. And you know, part of the reason why I think Americans are so pleased with what they're seeing is this is the, again, get ish done presidency. But this is promises made, promises kept. This is everything that we've wanted on the border is happening. We're we're headed in the right direction. The border is, this is one of the top issues I think for a lot of conservatives. It is for me, the economy, of course, you know, everyone's talking about the prices of eggs, but the border is huge and officials have deported members of the dangerous trend, IUA Venezuelan gang, as well as members of MS 13 as well.


And President Trump invoked the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. So this is an act that is mostly used or invoked during wartime and the media is just freaking out over it. But what's happening, which is amazing, is the United States has struck a deal with El Salvador to house these most violent criminals in their maximum security prisons. These prisons are no fricking joke, man. They are no joke. There is no visitations, there's no education, there's no recreation. This is a maximum security prison, no effing around.


And so El Salvador is taking these criminals. The United States paid them a small price. And you know, El Salvador has cleaned up the crime in their country. 'cause they just have this no BS attitude about it. I wish we could take a page outta their book, especially New York City and other Democrat run cities. They should really, you know, implement this law and order thing. There's something to it. So again, back to this Alien Enemies Act of 1798. It has been invoked during wartime instances in the past, during the war of 1812. And both of the World Wars. It allows non-citizens to be deported without giving them the opportunity to go before an immigration or federal court.


Judge, do I care about that? No, you're criminals. Everyone who's an illegal immigrant is a criminal. Sorry, you broke immigration law, you're a criminal. But in this case, they are actually violent criminals on top of being illegal immigration crima criminals. So the mainstream media has questioned whether or not Trump has the right to evoke this old wartime law. And a border border czar. Tom Holman had the most savage response because the media asked him and he said, old law, like, yeah, we use the Constitution every day. Are we just gonna throw out the Constitution? 'cause it's old?


Who cares that the law is old? We're gonna use it. It's on the books and we're gonna use it. So hell yeah. Again, this is exactly what I voted for. I'm sure you all feel the same way. But the resistance came not only from the media, but from, of course, we all know this Obama appointed activist judge who tried to block the effort. However, the flight was already over international water. So you know, too late, right? And that's exactly what El Salvadorian president naive bouquet said on Twitter. He was responding to this New York Post article, this headline, federal judge orders deportation flights carrying alleged Venezuelan gang bangers to return to us blocks Trump from invoking Alien Enemies Act.


And like I just said, the flight already took off. They were already over international waters. And he said, oopsie, too late. I love living in this timeline. This is hilarious. I love that the president of El Salvador just said, oops, he's too late. I, I just love it. I wouldn't wanna be born in any other era. I love it. I love seeing this. So here's another tweet that I saw. It said, Trump flying a plane load of foreign terrorists out of the country, illegal Biden flying plane, loads of illegals into the country. No problem. And yeah, I, I mean I have the same question. Why? Why is doing the right thing wrong and why is doing the wrong thing?


Right? Of course it makes sense if you're a Democrat because they have nothing going on up here. But Phil Mickelson, the great, the golf great, responded to that tweet saying this. He said, make it make sense. Very simple question for any issue. Is this good for American citizens or is it not? Then do what is best for American citizens. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to answer this, although apparently it does. I love to see it. I love when, you know, celebrities, athletes, when they weigh in on this stuff and they end up being totally common sense people, totally normal, totally based.


It just, I like to see that, you know, they're not all holly weirdo crazies. I mean, some of them are, but yeah, I just love to see that. And now Trump's team totally crushed it on social media and the election cycle. We know this because they delivered the election via young voters. Young voters were so obsessed with the content that team Trump was putting out. They even combated Kamala's brat Summer and delivered wins for Trump in key demos. Like these young men that we're seeing that are the Gen Z men that are, you know, Michael's raising the roof in in the control room.


Yeah, exactly. Which I feel like raising the roof is more like millennial than Gen Z. But we won't, we won't get into that now. The social media wins are far from over. So Michael told me before the show, he said, you have to remember that some people are not watching you live on Rumble. Some people are listening to this on Spotify and Apple. And I do wanna remind you that you can, you know, like the show and listen to the show, subscribe to the show in all these different places. But I have to remember that when people are listening to the show, I have to explain what's happening if it's not like a soundbite that you can listen to, like the CNN and et cetera. So there is a song by Chris Brown, Busta Rhymes and Lil Wayne called Look at Me now.


And in that song, which I will play for you, the team Trump social media team, they put some video of the border wall that is completely cleaned up compared to the Biden administration. They set that video to this song. So let's play it. I don don't, you can hate from outside of the club. You can't even Get in, is what the southern border looks like under President Trump. Let's Go because I'm feeling like I'm running in, I'm feeling like I gotta get away, get away, get away. I don stop. I love that song. Anyway, you can't hate from outside of the club 'cause you can't even get in perfect. It's just hilarious.


They're doing a really good job of, you know, melding together the, this video and also, you know, getting young people involved. So again, kudos to Team Trump. And here's another one, set To Closing Time by Semisonic. I love that song. That was the song that they played when I was in college. The college bar last call would come on. They would try to get everyone outta the bar closing time, classic song for that. But Team Trump set a video of all of these Venezuelan gang members getting, you know, you know, they, they all got, they're shackled in chains and handcuffs and they're, and they're getting walked onto this flight and they set it to closing time.


So watch this Closing time. You don't have to go home, but you can stay here home. Great song. You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here absolutely iconic. And we can be excited at the prospect of violent criminals being deported. However, a lot of damage has already been done thanks to these open border policies under Biden and the sanctuary city policies that have, you know, aided and abetted the situation.


So, you know, you might remember this case from back in December, there was a, a young woman who was burned. This was a New Jersey native named Debr Kawa. I, I'm sorry if I pronounce that incorrectly, but this was horrible. And she was set a blaze on the subway. And this is a content warning. This is not viewer discretion is advised. I will say, we're gonna throw up this photo of the young woman being burned alive on the subway. She did not survive this. And the man at the hands of that violent, horrific attack was an illegal immigrant.


The deaths of innocent people are always tragic, but when it's at the hands of an illegal immigrant, it's that much worse because these deaths are preventable. This murderous animalistic thug shouldn't have been in the country anyway. And the blood is on the hands of not just the Biden administration, like I said, but on the hands of any politician who allows for the catcher release or these sanctuary policies that allow for the harboring of criminals. It's not fair. And this past weekend, in Times Square, similar thing happened. I'm gonna, again, viewer discretion is advised. This man was also burned in Times Square.


Thankfully the victim is alive, badly, badly burned, but alive. The suspect of this weekend's innocent incident is still at large. However, cops seem to think that the victim knew the man who set him on fire. Apparently he was a Middle Eastern man who worked at a nearby food cart. And the two may have been talking to each other before the incident took place. So the alleged suspect took flammable liquid from his food cart to douse the victim before setting him on fire. This is the most, one of the most disgusting things you can do to someone.


I don't know. I mean, it's animalistic. I don't understand what would drive someone to do this to someone. To light someone on fire, you have to be so evil. And the documentation status of the thug who did this is unknown. But I hope these criminals know that there is a new sheriff in town. Whether you're illegal or not, commit horrific crimes and face the consequences. Like, I'm sick of seeing this, but it makes me happy to know that we have Trump who's not gonna let this stuff go. Hopefully these activists are, are, are, you know, you know, the judges and the Democrats who are in office in New York.


Hopefully they get in line too. But here's another disturbing headline out of Deerfield, Illinois. It says, middle school staff forced girls to change in front of trans identifying boy. This is according to the mother, one of the mothers of the girls. So the mother is named Nicole. I think it's, I don't know how to pronounce it, maybe it's George. She's the mother of a 13-year-old girl at the school who spoke out. So listen to this, This nightmare began on February 5th when my daughter was using the girl's bathroom and was stunned that a biological male student was using it as well.


She came home frightened and was extremely upset. The situation went from bad to worse. A few days later, the male student was present in the girls' locker room feeling violated. The girls made the choice to not change into their PE clothes with a male, with a biological male student present. The next day, assistant principal Kathy Rese pulled the girls into their office questioning them. The same day, assistant superintendent, Joanna Ford, Kathy Rese and multiple teachers all came into the girls' locker room making them change into uniform. This went on all week with the addition of Ginger Logman. My daughter refused to take part in having her privacy being violated. How dare they, I mean this, the trans issue and women's spaces being violated is it's near and dear to my heart.


It makes me extremely angry. And Nicole GOGI expressed to the school that the, they were in clear violation of Donald Trump's executive order that restricts males from participating in female sports. And not only that, but using female changing rooms. We're not supposed to be doing this. These schools better lose funding because again, this is what we voted for, for these schools who are perpetuating this lie and this delusion to lose funding. But the school says that the male student could use whichever bathroom corresponded to his chosen gender.


So the mother's complaint made it all the way to the DOJ. It was referred to the Department of Education. Hopefully this school will lose funding. I don't understand why women and girls are being forced to feel uncomfortable to appease one transgender student or a group of them, a small group of them. I don't understand if there are gender neutral bathroom and locker room options, like a single stall bathroom, make the trans student use that. It's as simple as that. Why would you have all of the women who feel uncomfortable have to line up and use the one gender neutral bathroom?


Have the one kid who's, you know, struggling with mental illness, a boy who doesn't feel like a boy. They need to use the single stall to change. And if they feel like they're being ostracized, that is their own doing. That is the choice that this child, and I'm assuming his parents who have a heavy hand in all of this are making, but you don't get to bully your way into women's spaces because of your mental illness or because you feel like you should have access to them. It's totally sick. How do we even know, by the way, that this child is actually transgender? Like, there's no way to know and there's no way to check.


I mean, I guess you could ask the parent if they're on hormones or whatever, but that still doesn't mean that you're allowed into the women's locker room just because you're on hormones, it doesn't make you a woman. Just because you wear certain clothes or certain lipstick or do your hair a certain way, doesn't make you a woman. A woman is biological. So how do we know that this isn't just a teenage boy who's 13 or 14 years old who's claiming to be transgender just to get access to girls' rooms and locker rooms and bathrooms to watch them change for nefarious reasons. And shame on the school, by the way, for making the, the girls change in front of him.


They all complained. They, this one girl went to the school, the mother gets involved making complaints and the school still doubled down. Said that the, the male student was able to change in the locker room and then they forced the women, the women, the girls, to still change in that locker room. I mean, shame on these schools. I, it, it makes my blood boil. Like, I'm sorry for yelling. I just, I can't get, I can't wrap my head around why schools would do this. You're supposed to protect children. When girls are telling you that they feel uncomfortable, you should maybe listen to them and not double down and make them feel even more uncomfortable again.


Like what happened to majority rules, if all the girls are saying that they're uncomfortable. Anyway, sorry, I just, it, it makes me so angry. And the lunacy does not stop there. So that happened in Illinois now eight New Jersey hospitals. I, I, I can't, I can't get over this story. Eight New Jersey hospitals are asking parents to declare their newborn babies preferred pronouns and sexual orientation upon birth. You heard that right now this is a photo of the questionnaire. This is, I think it's called Inspira if I'm saying that right.


Inspira Health's sexual orientation and gender identity questionnaire. You can see here, patient name, newborn, newborn. What sex is your baby assigned at birth? Two options of course, male, female prefer not to answer. Why would you prefer not to answer? There's two options. Do you identify your baby as, huh? What do you mean? Do you identify your baby as So we're letting the parents choose whether they were born female and they're still gonna be female or they're born female and they're gonna be male or vice versa.


Again, we're affirming mental illness in this country. So then those are not just the only options. Do you identify your baby as, I can't get over that wording. Female, male. We could just stop there. Ladies and gentlemen. That's all folks. Female and male, but no transgender female slash trans woman slash male to female. Here's another option. Transgender male, trans man. Female to male. Here's another one. Gender queer. Could you imagine? Oh, is it a boy or a girl? It's gender queer. It's insane. Neither exclusively male nor female.


And how would the baby consent to any of this? How would the baby know if it doesn't identify as male nor female? The baby, by the way, is newborn. Doesn't know what genderqueer means. I, I'm 30 years old. I don't know what genderqueer means, but certainly the newborn baby does not know and cannot consent to this. There's more everyone. Additional gender category, self-described. Please, please specify. What do you mean self-described? Like there's no other options. It's male and female. And then there's again, a prefer not to answer.


Now this is where, I mean, I'm, I'm about to go off because it gets even worse. I mean the genderqueer stuff, if you're calling your baby genderqueer, you need to go to jail. Like that is like straight to jail. But which of the following best describes your baby, lesbian or gay? A newborn baby. Lesbian or gay? How would the baby know and why is it the parent's job to de to decide? I don't understand. Like how can you decide if a baby is born lesbian or gay? Then they could decide if the baby is straight or heterosexual or bisexual or again, self describes.


Please specify. Here's another one. Questioning slash unsure. And then again, prefer not to answer. The baby is probably unsure. It's because it's five seconds old and it's trying to learn how to, you know, cry and breathe outside of an amniotic sack. So that's really the baby's first and foremost worry. I can't understand. And they're, you know, they're doing skin to skin with their mom for the first time. I can guarantee you the newborn baby doesn't know what genderqueer is, nor do they care. And it's gonna be probably another 14 years before they figure it out or need to know about it.


Again, the age of consent, because that questionnaire, you know, which of the following best describes your baby. And then it goes into sexual orientations again, within newborn it, it's disgusting. But the age of consent in most states in this country is between 16 and 18. So if we can consent to sex at the age of 16 at the earliest, why that, why do these eight hospitals in New Jersey think that any newborn would be able to make that decision? Are they trying to slow roll something where the age of consent is blurred?


That's how I'm, that's how I'm viewing it. Because all of a sudden it's like, oh, well at birth they, they told me that they were gay or at birth they, they declared a sexual orientation. Anyone trying to have a conversation about sex or sexual orientation with anyone? Underage is a pedophile. Point blank. There is no purpose of applying a gender preference to a baby. They don't understand these con concepts. They shouldn't have to protect their innocence. Seriously. That's, that's what we should all be doing. Protecting children. Anyone who is pushing for anything like this is a potential threat to children in my opinion.


It's just a slippery slope. And not only that, like you've heard of this minor attracted persons thing where they want to stop using the word pedophile and they want it to be minor attracted persons. Like it's some sexual orientation. Like, oh you know, I'm gay, I'm trans, I'm attracted to children. No, I prefer the term satanic monster. But if we have to settle on pedophile, we're gonna stick with that one. I don't wanna end on such a bleak note. So I will scroll through some funny videos for you and I will be answering questions I put on my Instagram story last night and ask me anything.


And I said I will answer those questions on the show at the end of the show. So stay tuned for that. And if you're in the chat and you have questions you wanna contribute, the guys in there will, will add some questions. I can't answer all of them, but I do want you all to get to know me 'cause I am new and I think we should, we should do that. It should be fun. Maybe I'll do that on Fridays too 'cause we need to, you know, Fridays is tough. Everyone, they've got plans on Friday, like 6:00 PM live is hard. But you know, maybe we can entice some viewers by doing some more personal stuff. But anyway, a friend of mine sent me this video, maybe it was yesterday or this morning. So Ask Edgar is a puppet.


Obviously there's a man behind the puppet asking the questions. But Edgar, the puppet likes to troll liberals. And in this case, Edgar the puppet went to a women's march. And this is what ensued. What do you both have to say, Doug Misogynist who say women belong in the kitchen. I say it's A new time. I couldn't agree more. I think cooking is far too important of a task to entrust to women. Oh, what them's fighting words? P them's fighting words all ripped Right off. This used to be called the Women's March. Now it's called the People's March. Are you a woman? Yes. How do you know? How do I, Well women are people. What is a woman?


Whatever they want to be. Bull moving on. You know what I like about conservative women? What No penis. Exactly. I, I don't understand this. What is a woman? It's a person. Like, no, no, no, no, no. Yes, women are people. Men are people. But what is a woman? It's a different definition from men because we're different. It's an adult human female. It shouldn't really be that hard. I don't understand. But I did find that very funny. And I went and I went to go follow Ask Edgar. And I feel like I'm gonna have to use his content on the show quite a bit because I did get a kick outta that.


I hope you did too. Now this video also went viral of an Amazon delivery driver. I don't know about all of you. I know certain conservatives they like to boycott Amazon, Nike, bud Light, all the things. I don't participate in boycotts. I do boycott, I guess technically Bud Light because it stinks. But other than that, like I will buy Nike sneakers I buy from Amazon. You know, it's just kind of like, in my opinion, a necessary evil. If we're all relegated to, and again, I like to support America first people of course. But if we're only relegated to conservative companies, we're very limited.


The left owns a lot of industries. So anyway, I do order from Amazon quite a bit and this Amazon delivery driver has just had it. I've been waiting on this day to tell you how much I hate this fucking house. The water, all the shit that you order. All of this shit. I hate it. I hate this house. I hate that you order shit. You are the fucking laziest fucking house in this whole goddamn neighborhood. You're inconsiderate, you're full of shit. I fucking hate everything about y'all. I hate it. All you have to do is fucking order the store from Walmart pickup or central pickup or whatever and go put the shit in your own truck and go Do it your fucking self.


You are the laziest sons of bitches ever. And then people bring this shit, we break our backs, we break our necks, we break our nails, we break everything to bring you this shit. And you are ungrateful as fuck. I hope you know that. I don't know how she knows that they're ungrateful and why did she just dump all their stuff like that? This is a very entitled person. Look at her dumping all of it. I mean, first of all, she did not hold back. That was a very, very bitter woman.


And I don't know, like I order from Amazon, especially heavy things, you know, water bottles and things like that. Like I'll get them delivered to my door. Especially when I didn't have a car. Now that I have a car, it's different. I can go to the store and Do it myself. But when I didn't have a car, I lived about 15. It was like a 15, 20 minute walk to my grocery store. I'm not gonna buy like a whole thing of seltzer or a whole thing of water bottles. Like I can't do that. So I would be very grateful for the Amazon delivery driver who would deliver it to my door or the fresh card or whatever. I don't think it makes you lazy for using the services that the company offers.


And this woman, by the way, she took the damn job. So I don't know, if you don't like your job that much, go quit. I don't know. Go do something else. If you don't like to pick up this family stuff, then don't go do something else. Go work at McDonald's or something. I don't know, you could do anything but to say that to the ring camera, it's like, again, D Lulu, finally, this is the last video I have for you, but don't go anywhere because I'm a, I'm answering your questions. This, I found this girl on TikTok. She's a creator, she's a Trump supporter, but she has a very angry leftist neighbor and she likes to kind of troll her and stick it to her almost every single day.


Watch this. Enjoy your Thanksgiving. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. She sees her coming and the middle finger goes up. Oh say does span banner way or the land of the freak?


Trump is your daddy. Trump is your daddy. Was a great way to end the national anthem there. Yeah. Do you guys have leftist neighbors like that? I don't know my neighbors political affiliations, so I don't know. Would you stick it to your neighbors like that or is that It's a little petty. I don't know if I would Do it every day. I would put Trump flags and you know, Trump stuff in my yard. But I don't know if I would take the time and energy to troll my neighbor. But again, like, you know, throwing up the bird to your, to your neighbor every single day.


Like again, these people are miserable. Alright, I'm gonna answer some of your questions quickly. Why do Democrats have a culture problem? Why are they l why are they losing young voters? I did talk about this on the show, I think this was last week. And I think a lot of it has to do with Covid. I think Covid was the first time that young people were personally affected by something the government did, in this case. Government overreach to the point where, you know, why would you wanna be a part of the party? The party pooper party, right? They were, you know, you've gotta wear a mask. If you have more than six people in your house, I'm gonna call the police on you.


Why would you wanna be a part of that party? I just think it, you know, Democrats, that's really where the brand started tanking. 'cause they were like tattletale rats and you know, young people who were in high school, they didn't get to go to prom, they didn't get to graduate in person, they had to graduate over Zoom. They couldn't hang out with their, their their colleagues. They couldn't, you know, play sports and other extracurricular activities with their peers in college. They had to again do zoom school, which like, if that was me, I would've just napped and like not gone, you know, and I'm a good student, but like Zoom school, I would not go for that.


You did nap? Yeah. Confirmed. I have two Gen Zers who are in, in college and out of college not too long and it was nap time. So again, I just think if you're asking young people, this is like, for a lot of them, the first election that they had to, that they got to vote. I why would you vote for Democrats? They ruined the last five years of your life. So that's what I think a lot of it is. Welcome to Florida. What part of the state do you, oh, I can't answer that. I'm not telling you where I live. That's crazy. But I did move to Florida and I like it so far. I've been here two weeks.


I'm a Canadian fan. Will you cover Canadian issues? I did cover Canadian issues one day last week. The new prime minister that has been, you know, a, you know, chosen for you. It's not like he was elected. This was sort of like what the Democrats did with Kamala Harris. You know, Justin Trudeau resigned and this is the guy coming up, but I did cover that last week. Total central banker climate, alarmist, the whole net zero stuff. He's crazy. So I'm very sorry that you have to deal with him, but I did cover that and if it's relevant, I I will cover Canadian issues. What is the Trump administration gonna do about the activist judges?


I don't know what they're gonna do. I mean, clearly they're gonna just ignore them, so that works. Especially if they're in international waters at the time of the, the blocking, then I don't know, it worked out. But I don't know what they're gonna do in the future. I don't know if they can do anything. As a conservative woman, what do you feel the biggest threat to our democracy is? I would say voter ID laws. I can't imagine why you wouldn't show an ID to vote. It seems pretty simple. Of course, if you're against voter id, it's probably because you are trying to, I don't know, I don't wanna say anything like incorrect, but you're trying to do something nefarious, right?


I mean, why you're, you, you're at that point. If you don't want voter id, then you obviously want non-citizens to vote. So yeah, I think voter ID is is huge. Favorite accomplishments so far of the Trump administration? I have to say, the border. I love everything that's going on. I mean, what's getting these trend UA and MS 13 gang members out of here? You know, they're doing exactly what they said they were gonna do. They said that they were going to deport the violent criminals first, and they are doing that. So I love to see it. That's the my favorite thing so far. What else are you gonna be doing longer shows?


Yes, that is the plan. It's been a little bit of trial and error right now because I, you know, prepare a certain amount of content, a certain amount of like headlines versus videos and I don't know how long it's gonna last. So yeah, I'm, I'm working on it, but I'm gonna add more. And the plan is to go 45 minutes plus. So. Woo. And we're at 45 minutes now. So what else do we have of ooh, someone in the chat. Patriot Pub says Hailey, what's your favorite movie?


Okay, I have a few different answers for this, depending on genre. So I love scary movies. My favorite scary movie is The Conjuring the first one in the series, although the rest of 'em are good. But the first one is my favorite rom-com. I like something borrowed with Kate Hudson. I also like the Holiday, which is like a romcom slash Christmas movie. I watch it once a year. And my favorite, the holiday is a great movie. Yeah, it's a classic. And my favorite comedy, I just think this is underrated, but we are, the Millers is so funny. I don't know if anyone has seen it, but when, and this is a spoiler alert, but when they, when the weed baby gets run over by the truck, it's a great part of the movie.


Anyway, highly recommend. This is also an m Panko 1,001 from Rumble, Hailey, Dan used to do Friday. Questions for Dan. It was great. Okay, so maybe we'll do this on Fridays. This'll be the first Monday, but I'll Do it again on Friday and maybe we'll keep going from there. JP Golden Tea also on Rumble Said, how was working for Fox and Sean Hannity? It was amazing. I had the greatest experience working at Fox. I, Sean Hannity truly one of the best, best people to work for in the business. One of the best bosses I'm sure I'll ever have in my life. He is very kind, very genuine, cares about his team, like they are family.


And I was always very, very grateful for that. I had wonderful experiences working on the show, talking to the president and traveling. And we went to the border and it was just really, really cool, really great experience. So I, I loved that. And it's where I met Dan Bonino, so I'm very grateful for that. Are they ever going to release the Epstein list? Don't know, but I really hope that they do. You know, again, like I said at the beginning of the show, I'm not sure what the blockade is. I know, you know, some funny business was happening with the Southern district of New York, the FBI field office. There, they were withholding information to Attorney General, Pam Bondy.


Again, Trump said to Cheryl Atkinson that the documents were coming soon within weeks. So I'm crossing my fingers, but that is a huge, huge issue for me. So I'm gonna be staying on that. So you can stay tuned for that. I will definitely bring you updates on the Epstein files. Hmm. Biggest differences you've seen so far between Tennessee and Florida? For anyone who doesn't know. I just moved here from Nashville and Nashville. I lived downtown, so it was very walkable. I liked being able to walk to restaurants, coffee shops, things like that. It is not like that here. I have to drive everywhere. So yeah, I'm still getting used to that.


But I still have so many questions from all of you. I will save some of them and do them for you on Friday. But that is all the time I have for you today. I think I made it almost 50 minutes. Woo. Thank you all for joining and all the questions in the chat. I, I love to see the engagement. So, and I'm happy that you wanna get to know me a little bit more. Make sure that you're subscribing on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, whatever your favorite podcast platform is. And of course if you wanna watch the show live on Rumble, you can do that rumble.com/haley. We'll bring you to the Bonino Report channel where you can find my show and Avitas show and a Happy Saints, pa. Happy Saint Patrick's Day.