
Hello, welcome to episode two of Nightly Scroll. I'm Haley Caria. I am so excited to be here again tonight. I wanna say thank you to the 10,000 of you that joined live last night. That was so cool. Such a great way to start off the show. And I wanna beat it tonight. So if you have friends who aren't watching, go send them the link. You know, we had some mixed reviews yesterday about the eagle screech. I had, you know, a sound of freedom. Do you guys wanna play it? If you have it, I got some feedback that it was too loud. So we, we tamped it down a little bit. I got some other comments saying that it was annoying. And I think if you find the sound of freedom, a bald eagle screeching, even though it's not the bald eagle, I had some people point out it's really a redtail hawk, but in Hollywood and all that, like the bald eagle screech isn't as, you know, heroic as patriotic, as robust as the hawk.


So they kind of did the little switcheroo. So yes, I understand it's a hawk. It's not actually the bald eagle, but you get it. But if you find that noise annoying, I think you might be a liberal. Okay, yeah. But anyway, today is the five year anniversary of COVID. We are going to take a trip down memory lane. Alright? And next Black Lives Matter plaza near the White House is getting a total makeover with some jackhammers involved. So we also love to see that. And the ladies of the view are dumber than we thought. All that. And so much more on Nightly Scroll.


COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic five years ago today. Can you guys believe it? Does it feel like it was a long time ago or a short time ago? I feel like life has been back to normal for so long and for any of us who didn't really play along with the game, I mean it, you know, we never really went through it, right? So, you know, it's just interesting. I came along this video featuring photos from the craziest timeline of my lifetime. And I'm sure some of yours too. I mean, it was just wild. You can throw up the first one here. This is why we, we pushed late today because I pulled an audible last minute. I was like, guys, I wanna show these pictures.


So that's my bad. But a daughter visiting her mother in isolation, these are just images from COVID-19 pandemic. I just wanna remind everyone what the liberals and what the Democrats put us through. This is what they put us through, okay? A mother visiting her, a daughter visiting her mother in isolation. How sad is this photo? Seriously, they say a picture is worth a thousand words. This picture, these pictures are, you know, worth a thousand curse words, in my opinion. It makes me mad, it makes me angry. These siblings in Beijing wearing plastic bottles over their head as masks. And I just wanna point out too, that not only are they wearing these like gallon jugs on their head, which can't be good.


There's no way that they're able to breathe healthfully in these masks. But they also have two masks, double masks on underneath the gallon jugs. This is lunacy people, a priest in Italy held Sunday masks in front of photographs of his church members. How sad is this? They tried to close down churches, places of worship. These are the most essential places in our lives. You know, they had essential workers. I was technically an essential worker too, but they had, you know, essential workers and essential places like, you know, Walmart and, you know, 24 hours CVSs and things like that. But of course they didn't find churches in places of worship.


Essential, of course, this is the left, you know, white circles drawn six feet apart in New York's Central Park. So dumb. And I was just talking about it with Jasmine earlier today, like, you know, even in Florida. 'cause I was in New York City during the pandemic and it was horrible. It was absolutely horrible. We talked about, you know, how they treated unvaccinated people like myself where, you know, you could, you know, I mean, it was just insane lunacy. You had to wear a mask inside the restaurant and then once you got to your table, you could take the mask off. But then if you needed to use the restroom, you to put the mask back on, go to the bathroom, come back with the mask on, then you could take your your mask off to eat.


You know how they were doing it on airplanes? Like you could, you could eat and drink, but you had to take your mask down to drink and then put it back up. I mean, it's insane. What they had people doing was insane. And I was telling her too, Hailey, are you a science denier? Are you asking if I'm a science denni? I'm not a science denni, but this is, this is not science. This was insane. This was not normal at all. And you know, I would take the subway in New York City to and from work, and I, I wouldn't wear a mask because I, I didn't want to. And police officers would come up to you and hand you a mask and watch you put it on.


So I tried my best to, you know, dissent. But you know, sometimes you, you know, what am I gonna do? A police officer's telling me to put my mask on? Like, okay, you know, I did it. So it's, it's, it's amazing what they made us do. It's just, it's insane. And I was asking Jasmine about what it was like in Florida because this was the land of the free, like even during C-O-V-I-D-I would take trips down to Miami just so I could eat at a restaurant like a normal person. Because back at home in New York City, they made unvaccinated people sit outside, even in the winter, just lunacy. And she said for a little bit they were, they were saying that you couldn't go to the beach, you had to social distance On the beach.


I mean, knowing what we know now, it's just totally insane. But it's still relevant today. And here's why I'm bringing it back to today, because Doge, the Department of Government efficiency found children aged 11 and under were granted thir. What was this? $312 million in loans during the Coronavirus pandemic. Huh? What do you mean? What do you mean? Children aged 11 and younger were granted $312 million in loans. Loans for what? These were small business association loans.


By the way, this is very young to be a small business owner or to have a business loan in your name. So if alarm bells are going off in your head, they're going off in my head too. And they're going off in the heads of Elon Musk and people who are working at Doge. So I wanna show you this tweet from Doge they posted on X if you guys could pull that up. They said, they're kind of explaining what this loan situation was, was happening because they're investigating it, thankfully. But they said, you know, while it is possible to have business arrangements where this is legal, it is highly unlikely for this 5,000.


What is this? 5,593 loans as They all used a social security number with the incorrect name. So it smells like fraud to me. I don't know about you guys, but to me this seems pretty fishy. It seems pretty fishy. It's a doge. So I'd be, you know, interested to see where this money went, what was it being used for? Who lined their pockets with it? Because these are things that the taxpayer had to pay for. So I'm interested, I wanna know, you know, look what they got away with during the pandemic. This is what they got away with. Fraud, money laundering.


So pay attention to the Democrats who oppose Elon Musk with every fiber of their being. It's not normal, okay? When you have people, you know, saying that Elon Musk is evil and, and all this stuff, he's, he's rooting out corruption. So if people are upset about it, I don't know, I think that says more about them than it does about Elon Musk. What do you think? So I wanna show you this video. You know, doge, Elon Musk, they want to audit federal workers, people who work for the government. You, you, you've heard this. I know you all, you all pay attention to the news. You know what's going on. Elon Musk, they send out an email saying, reply to this email with five things you did this week, this week.


And they're melting down. I could name you five things I did today. I think that Elon Musk should change it to five things you did today. If you're not doing five things at your job each day, you're useless, in my opinion. And I think it would save Elon Musk a lot of time. 'cause I think these people would spontaneously combust if they were asked to name five things they do each day. Because this is just a taste of how they're reacting when they're asked to respond to emails from Elon Musk talking about what they do. When you wake up or when you're on your weekend and you get the fork in the road message, or you get the subsequent five bullets.


Hey, what the hell did you do you lazy federal worker this week? How frightening is it that someone on X, the owner of X, speaks to you directly to say, what did you do last week at work? And if you don't answer, I am going to fire you. But even More egregious, the president comes out, the most powerful person in the land and endorses that message. How do you think that makes federal workers feel?


How Do,


when you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders,


Ready for your next adventure? Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam, explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL Ando.


You think that makes federal workers feel, you know, it's hard to believe that these people exist. People who wear masks all the time five years later. And not only that, but they're still wearing it outside. It it, I mean, if this woman works for the government, that tracks for me this is, this is what the average government worker, federal worker looks like. And maybe Elon Musk should give them the boot. But the media, five years after the COVID-19 pandemic is doing their darnedest to rile everybody up about a new manufactured crisis.


And this time it's the Measles. So get ready everyone. I'm predicting that the media wants this to be COVID-19 pandemic lockdown part two. So here's a New York Times headline. Kennedy RFK Jr. Links Measles outbreak to poor diet and health. Citing fringe theories. Of course, this is their moment, right? There's a Measles outbreak. So now their TDS has taken over and now they, you know, everything's Trump's fault and they have to paint RFK Jr as a crazy anti-vaxxer fringe conspiracy theorist.


Let's see, USA today. Can you get Measles if you've been vaccinated? Do you need a booster? What to know. I mean, the majority of us got MMR, right? I got the Measles mumps rubella I shot probably when I was young. But of course they're ready to push a booster on you. You need the booster. And now CNN during the last major Measles outbreak in the US it took extraordinary measures to stop the spread. They are prepping you for another lockdown. I promise you they are prepping you. They are going to turn this into another, you know, convenient crisis for them.


This is what the media does. They love to do this. And of course Trump's in office, so they have to make it. It's, it's, it's big bad, it's evil because Trump's in office. So this is why this is happening. It's because of Trump. It's because of RFK Jr. Elon Musk is bad. Everyone's bad. It was Orange Man bad. And now it's everyone surrounded by orange man is bad too. Here's a spectrum news one Mexico issues travel warning over West Texas Measles outbreak. This is interesting and I'm gonna get to this in a second. It's, it's funny. I mean, now this is how we should have known, we could have used a, a, a manufactured Measles crisis to stop the border jumpers.


'cause they, they don't wanna come to West Texas now because of Measles. We could have just used this, but I went to the CDC website to check on some numbers. 'cause I wanted to see how bad is this really? How bad is this really? Can you guys guess in the chat how many Measles deaths there have been this year? Can you guys throw up the chat for me? I, I want you to guess how many deaths this year from Measles Throw out some numbers. I'm seeing one. I'm seeing two. I'm seeing 1, 2, 2, 1, 1.


Yeah, you guys are right On the money. It turns out that there has been one confirmed Measles death this year and one death that's still being investigated. So in my book, that's one. All right, one confirmed Measles death this year. And here are some other interesting factoids for you. So as of December 31st, there were a total of 285 Measles cases. Okay? And so, if you remember, this is when Biden was in office, people Biden was in office. Okay? So 285 Measles cases reported by 33 jurisdictions.


This is all from the CDC. And they said that there were 16 outbreaks in 2024. Can you guys do that math? That's when Biden was in office. Okay? So Biden was in office. There were 16 Measles outbreaks. And granted an outbreak is three or more related cases. So it's really not that much. But so 16 outbreaks. Why do you think the media didn't cover it? Because I didn't hear about it. I didn't hear squat about Measles until Trump got in office. Now everyone's talking about Measles and we have all this media hubbub, what's going on?


So then in 2023, the year before there were four outbreaks. So it's definitely On the rise. But it's just interesting why we weren't talking about this, why the media wasn't talking about it. It's all starting to make sense now. It's all starting to make sense. It's not just the news too that's making a big deal out of this. Watch the difference in how the Measles were talked about on TV, On the Brady Bunch versus now watch this. What are you doing home from school? They sent me home Measles. Now see, their Measles are a strange case of red freckles. You Have got a temperature.


They told me 101.1. What's the record? Nevermind. Oh, are you sure it's the Measles? Well, he certainly got all the symptoms. A slight temperature, a lot of dots, and a great big smile. A great big smile. No school for a few days. Say hello to my dotted son for me. Tell him I'll bring him some comic books and I'll see you later, dear. Okay honey. Bye Boy. This is the life, isn't it? Yeah, if you have to get sick, sure. Can't beat the Measles. That's right. No medicine inside or out, like shots on me. Don't even mention shots. Yeah. Versus now Dad says I should go to school. Seven students confirmed with Measles. Four others possible how they had to have been vaccinated.


These moms Really people. So to put this into perspective, when the Brady Bunch episode aired, there were 25,000 cases of Measles and 41 deaths versus now when there's less than 300 cases and one death one confirmed. I'd also like to point out that this outbreak is happening in the southwest of the United States. You know, I talked about Biden and the differences in the media coverage, but why do you think this is happening? You know, so the CDC makes mention of the fact that the Measles is spread due to unvaccinated foreign travelers.


Not always, but it can be related to that as well. You know, and they, they mention, you know, unvaccinated people can, can spread this. But they, they said, you know, it can be spread to unvaccinated foreign travelers. So it got me thinking, didn't we have 1 million unvaccinated foreign travelers come across the southern border just while Biden was in office? That would make a lot of sense because these people weren't vetted. We don't know what their vaccination status was. Of course, you may remember when we were losing our jobs for not being vaccinated, people were coming across the southern border, didn't matter rules for thee, not for me.


And this COVID-19 fear mongering, it truly radicalized me. I was on a vita's show one morning last week and we talked about this. I said, COVID-19 was the issue that radicalized me. I was always conservative, but not, not just me. I mean, I think a lot of people woke up during COVI. You know, we talk about woke people and awake people. There were a lot of people whose eyes were opened during COVID-19. It was a wild time. And I think for a lot of young people, this was the first time that we really witnessed government overreach. 'cause a lot of us were either too young during nine 11 and the Patriot Act to really understand the differences or to like experience the differences personally.


And like a lot of young people, a lot of Gen Z, they weren't alive for nine 11. So this was like the first time that they ever experienced it. Especially if they were in school. You know, middle schoolers, high schoolers, college age students. Their lives were turned upside down. They had to stay home. They were doing Zoom school. It was insane. And I think a lot of people who weren't formerly politically inclined, they soon found out who their governor was and who their mayor was. And they figured out what they had in store for them in terms of their policy. And these draconian lockdown measures. A lot of people in New York, all of a sudden they're like, Andrew Cuomo, what's going on?


Governor Kathy Hoel, what's going on? This was, this was an eye-opening moment. And I think we have young people to thank for this last election. Trump won. He again, I talked about this yesterday, made massive inroads with young people, especially young men. I think Covid turned a lot of young people into conservatives. We're the party who doesn't wire masks alone in our cars. We're the party who isn't scared of our own shadow and then gets mad when all the other people are just living their life. You know, Republicans were the party of freedom. Again, I was living in New York City at the time.


We were under massive lockdown and I was unvaccinated. So they wanted me to sit outside. I wasn't being treated equally, okay? I went to secret underground parties in New York City restaurants that were operating in secret. It was like prohibition. It was crazy. And no liberals were there. So you can't tell me that this didn't have an impact On the culture shift and the vibe shift that we've been seeing over the last few years. And I also think we have Baron Trump to thank for this as well. He got his dad on Joe Rogan, on Theo Vaughn. He live streamed with influencer Aiden Ross. These people have millions of followers.


And it wasn't just a campaign thing, it's still happening. So I don't know, you, you could throw up this headline. It says, inside Trump's quiet takeover of the Gen Z streaming universe. And its millions of followers. And the left is quaking. The left is quaking. So I don't know who this Twitch streamer is. I'm not a video game girl, I'm not a gamer. But Zach Hoyt is his name. He goes by Asman Gold. He has 5.4 million followers on Twitch and YouTube. And he decided to live stream Trump's joint session of Congress. The speech to joint session of Congress last week.


1 million people watched the live stream. 1 million. That's a lot of young people watching what's going on in Congress. And again, I don't even have cable, okay? I'm 30 years old, I don't have cable. I cut the cord. Years ago, even when I was working in cable news, when I was working at Fox and at Newsmax, I didn't even have cable. So a lot of young people, people who are younger than I am in their twenties, people don't pay for that. It's crazy. So if people on Twitch and on YouTube are streaming events like this, they're getting a lot of eyeballs. And especially if they tuned into this joint session of Congress, they saw Dems absolutely crash out, including Congressman Al Green, who did the whole like old man get off my yard, you know, shaking the cane.


So if young people got to see that and witnessed Democrats losing their minds, the more the merrier. Everyone should watch that. But last week's joint session of Congress has paved the way for this week's tit for tat between members of Congress who are now centering each other. So Al Green, we can, we could play this video. You know, he was shaking his cane. And now you know, internet jokesters, Mr. Green, take your seat. They made this AI version the chair now direction, him pimp jacket Order. It's gonna make sense in a moment. Gentleman from the chamber, so This is just an internet joke online.


He's shaking his pimp cane, right? I mean, this is, it's stupid, but you know, it's funny. So Al Green was censured and it was mostly a party line vote. It was all the Republicans voted for it, including 10 Democrats. So people wanted to censure him for this disruption during Trump's speech. And a censure, if you don't know what that is, it's essentially just a public way of Congress to come together and vote if a member of Congress does something they don't like. So, you know, it doesn't really do anything honestly. And now a democrat congresswoman from Pennsylvania, Chrissy Houlahan, is now pushing to censure Colorado Congresswoman Lauren Bobert over these comments.


Watch For him to go and shake his pimp cane at President Trump was absolutely abhorrent. That's all she said. And now this has become a tit for tat. People were already joking about the pimp online. She probably repeated it in this interview. Should she have done that as a congresswoman? I guess not. But do I think it's a big deal? No. No, not really. And honestly, Cing means nothing. It does nothing. It's like letting the record show that this person was a menace. Can we stop? I'd rather have people in Congress do things that actually matter and make real change affect real change.


You guys like the pimp Kae. Seriously, people, people think that Al Green should have been fired. Well, the people have to fire him, right? So whenever he, whenever he's up for reelection, maybe the people will, will make their voices heard. But honestly, it's all stupid, right? All of this is stupid. And I just want, I want, you know, this is the get ish done administration. That's what I'm gonna call it. 'cause I'm, I gave up cursing for Lent. But this is the get ish done administration. And we we're seeing this right outside of the White House. So BLM Plaza was made in 2020. BBL M Plaza, right outside of the White House.


They wrote Black Lives Matter in big yellow writing. And guess what? Trump and Congress, they want to, they Congress has a measure to now call it, not BLM Plaza, but Liberty Plaza. They're gonna rename it. And Trump has, with withholding federal funds to DC if they don't do it. So today and yesterday they were taking jackhammers to BLM Plaza. This is, you see it there, black Lives Matter. And here they are, the workers, they've got their vests on, they've got their hard hats on, and they're taking a jackhammer to it.


I don't know why you need to take a jackhammer to it. It seems like it was just painted. I don't know why you can't just paint it over, but whatever. I did also look up, just so you all know, not to, not to piss anyone off, but it pissed me off. I just looked up how much it cost to paint the Black Lives Matter across BLM Plaza. We'll, we'll do another guessing game. You let me know in the chat how much you think it cost for BLM Plaza to write Black Lives Matter right in front of the White House and to make it pedestrian safe. They wanted no cars, whatever. So they had to install some barriers and whatnot. How much do you think it cost? Because truly 10,000,008 million, a hundred million, 15 million, 600 million, 200 million, 300, 350,000.


I'm loving all the guesses. 1 million, 5 million, 5 million is how much? It cost. 5 million. The chat's going way too fast. I, I can't see who guessed it correctly, but 5 million come on. So now this is gonna be Liberty Plaza. Hopefully it costs less money than that to turn it into Liberty Plaza. But this is indicative of a new era. We're not virtue signaling anymore. The mural does nothing for Black lives or any lives. It's just virtue signaling. And now we're embracing normalcy. However, the ladies of the view have not gotten the memo just yet.


They had trans influencer, Dylan Mulvaney, who single-handedly tanked the Bud Light brand. You, you remember that He posed with a Bud Light can during March Madness. And he was wearing a Audrey Hepburn type outfit and he was like, you know, drink Bud Light or something. It didn't go very well. Bud Light lost a ton of money. But the view had him on yesterday. And the topic of transgender women in women's sports came up and Whoopi Goldberg had the coldest take I've ever heard. Let's roll it. Part of the problem that the trans community is facing, and it's the same problem that women face is, if you don't know anything about our bodies, you don't know how it works.


Can you pause it? No one knows less about women's bodies than men. So I don't wanna hear from a transgender woman about women's bodies. Okay, keep going. When you come in and you say, oh, you know, these men are, these are men, you know, competing against women, competing against women, you are assuming that the women are weak and just can't do anything except right here. Have you seen female athletes? They know what they're doing. So I'm not sure what's going on or why this is an issue. The same for me as when people say, oh, you can talk this, you know, Why is this an issue?


Why is this an issue Again guys, this is the party of following the science. Remember, these are the follow the science people. Clearly, they know nothing about biology. Men are stronger, better, faster than women most of the time. Okay? I'll say 99.9% of the time. I'm sure there's some beast of a woman who could beat up some dude and whatever. So I'll say 99.9% of the time women are, you know, they're not supposed to be competing against men. We have these separate divisions for a reason. And it's for safety. It's not that these women aren't strong and they don't know what they're doing, or that they're not amazing athletes.


They are, but they're not supposed to be going up against the men. We're biologically different. Okay? Sorry, I digress. You can keep playing that cliff. I, I I don't know how I feel about you. You do. God doesn't make mistakes. No. And the challenge is not to the trans people. It's to the people who are not trans. That's what God is looking to see how you treat people. God doesn't make mistakes. I agree with Whoopi Goldberg. God doesn't make mistakes. So if you believe that God doesn't make mistakes, that undermines the entire trans community. Thank you Whoopi Goldberg.


Thank you. God doesn't make mistakes. You are born and created in his image. He doesn't make mistakes. You are perfect the way that you are. So when he makes you a woman or makes you a man, or a girl or a boy, you're not meant to change it. You can't change it. And it's honestly, it's a delusion. It's a sick and twisted, really serious form of gender dysphoria that needs to be treated. It's just very, very sad. But I, I thought that that was interesting that she said God doesn't make mistakes. And then she also said, you know, God is watching how people treat trans people. I don't want trans people to be hurt or I don't want them to, to be, you know, attacked in any way.


They are God's children. We're all God's children. I would never treat a trans person differently. I I don't think that they should compete against women in sports, but I'm gonna have, I'm gonna give them grace. I'm gonna show them grace. I think that they, everyone deserves that. So, yeah, I, and I don't really know any conservatives who I don't know anyone in my life who would treat someone differently because they're different. It's just sad. So, you know, I agree with Whoopi Goldberg. God doesn't make mistakes, but conservatives aren't as hateful as the left makes us out to be.


Actually, it's liberals who are more hateful, I would say. And I, I we're all, we are gonna get into the scrolling part of the show where we, we have some more fun content and we're gonna lighten the mood a little bit. But I do have a funny video for you. This is a, a comedian who is making fun of the liberals who got Teslas before Elon Musk was in the Trump camp. So they bought a Tesla. I know you've probably seen the articles and and stuff on social media of certain celebrities saying goodbye to their Teslas. They can't have a Tesla because now it's, it's tainted again. They have TDS beyond belief. But this comedian is poking fun at that.


Yes, I am in the anti Elon Tesla Club. I got all my stickers ready so everybody knows how much I hate American Greatness. Bought this Tesla before Elon went crazy. I wanna make sure everybody knows I do not support Elon's techno fascism Guys. There are people who are really like this in real life. I'm serious. There are people who bought Teslas and they liked Tesla. Now they don't, they're either, they're giving away their Tesla, they're selling it, or they're putting dumb stickers on it. Those are, those are real stickers That comedian found those stickers somewhere.


So liberals out there are putting them on their cars. It's insane. But this is also, we're just getting better and better and better. Like, I don't want you to, I don't wanna end the show on a bad note. So we're, we're gonna keep getting better and funnier and funnier. So I have a few more videos for you left. I hope you all don't mind. But this was just incredible because this is a video I saw of a teacher who went from a public school to a private Christian school. And here's the difference. Watch this.


That is that amazing. So this is what it said. It said, you go from a public school to a Christian private school and you are still in culture shock because the curriculum requires you to sing songs like this with your class. How Amer, how amazing it's Pro America. I remember seeing singing America the Beautiful and you know, the 50 nifty United States, like all those songs in school. We said The Pledge of Allegiance.


You know, we said the Pledge of Allegiance. We, I went to Catholic school in high school and we, we said prayers at the beginning of every class. Even. I took Italian and we said the Hail Mary and Italian every day. You know, this is, this is American exceptionalism, this is great. This is what our schools should be. And here were some of the comments in, in the comment section that I just loved. They were really heartwarming. It said, someone commented, OMG, do they not allow this anymore? Sang it in public school music class when I was in elementary school. And the teacher who created that video replied and said, no, teachers are very cautious when it comes to introducing anything that could come across as a religious bias.


People get offended very easily these days. Sad, right? Yeah. You guys sang it in public school. I remember that. Do we need to play the eagle screech? I think we do. What better? What better moment for the sound of freedom? It's amazing. Here were some other comments. It truly makes such a difference. My kids go to private Christian school and I can't tell you the number of times I have seen a teacher or an administrator stop and pray with a kid that is having a rough day. The level of care and attention they receive is unbeatable.


I know my kids are in good hands. It's nice to know that there are several other people praying for my children daily. It's amazing. Truly, when I was in public school in the early nineties, we used to sing many different patriotic songs and do the pledge allegiance every day. You know, it's sad. I I went to Catholic school and my Catholic school is closing. It's, it was one of the best experiences. I kind of went kicking and screaming. I didn't wanna go. 'cause I, I was at public school and I had all my friends, but my mom and my aunt, they went to this all girl Catholic high school. And I kind of knew that it was in the cards for me.


Like I was going and I didn't wanna leave all my friends, but I did. And I'm so glad that I did because the friends that I made at my high school are lifelong friends. They're so wonderful. And you know, it's sad to think that the girls who are there now are getting their experience cut short. 'cause the people are sending their kids to, to Christian schools and Catholic schools a lot less. I think a lot of it has to do with the economy, but it's just sad to think that less kids are gonna get this patriotic education and a good education. I, my high school was a college preparatory school and when I went to college, I was very much prepared. You know, I felt, I felt very good and yeah, it's just sad to see these schools closing.


It's, it's not just mine. It's, it's happening all over the place. And hopefully kids can get good educations and they're not getting woke fired and indoct and indoctrinated. I just made up a word indoct indoctrinated in public schools now. It's just very sad. But you know, I have a funny video for you. Yesterday we left off the show, you know, I said this video video's apolitical. My next two videos are apolitical. This is something that we, we can all get behind and laugh about. So I wanna show you this. One of a, a kidnapping parents will understand You have to take a nap and then when you wake up, your reward is, we're gonna go outside and play.


So take a nap and then we'll go out In there. That was your nap. Birds and birds. Yeah, the birds are outside. I hear 'em too. But you can't go outside until you take a nap. You have to get a long nap in. And then we go outside His little snore noises. Perfect, perfect. You said Perfect.


What was that Now? No, that was not a nap. So people in the comments quickly turned into this kid's lawyer. Someone said, ma'am, we all witnessed two perfect naps. They were quick, but they were naps. His eyes were open, but they were naps. Someone Rachel Williams said in his defense, who can nap in jeans? And I, I agree. He's no one can nap in jeans. That's not comfortable. That's no way to sleep. Totally agree. You can't be, you can't be napping in jeans. I also, On the topic of things that you should not do in jeans, have you ever seen RFK junior working out in jeans?


He works out in jeans. And if I ever have the opportunity to interview him, that's gonna be my first question. How do you do that? Who goes shirtless? And with just jeans Shirtless in jeans. That's what he does. I've seen him like chest pressing. Yeah, it's, it's interesting. Anyway, I digress. The next comment. My client is not guilty and deserves his playtime. The duration of the nap was not stated by the plaintiff. Your Honor, A nap is a nap. No cap. Very true. She just said, you have to nap. She didn't say how long, so he did his little, I can't even do the, I can't even do the noise, but the snoring is proof that my client reached REM sleep.


Take him outside now. So I just thought that that was very cute. And I do have another, another video in the same vein, A napping video. And I'm a cat lady. I'm a cat lady for JD Vance. We're rare but we're, we exist Conservative cat ladies. But here is the video. There's a cat sleeping with his head On the Z, how perfect his head is just resting On the Z keyboard, the Z On the keyboard, and it's just going ZZ, Z, Z, Z, Z, Z, Z, Z. So I just thought that that was cute. Thank you for tuning in. I will be back tomorrow.


Same time. Safe place. I hope you'll join me. Follow along with me at Haley Caria on X on ig, TikTok and Truth Social. I'll be right back here. rumble.com/haley and I'll see you tomorrow. Eagles.