
Hello everyone. I just wanna say the countdown clock really gives me a boost of adrenaline. I'm like, I'm ready to go. You know, I'm like sitting here ready, like 3, 2, 1. I'm very excited to be here and I'm so appreciative of everyone in the live chat. The numbers just keep going up, up, up, and I love to see it. I do want to remind everyone that you can watch this on rumble.com, rumble.com/haley, which is obviously where you are now, if you're in the live chat. Hi, I see all of your comments, I love it. But if you're listening, go to Apple Podcast or Spotify, your favorite podcast platform and make sure that you are subscribed to Nightly Scroll. See you never miss an episode. Before I get into what I have on deck for you tonight, I have a few updates from stories that I covered earlier in the week, and I wanna keep you all abreast of the situation I want.


I don't wanna leave you hanging. So here are the updates. You know, I told you recently that there are a lot of celebrities who, you remember this in 2016. They said, oh, we're gonna, we're gonna leave the country if Trump ever gets elected. And then they never did. But this time it seems like some of these celebrities are following through. I told you on, I think it was Monday, about America Ferrera, Eva Menes, Ryan Gosling, Tom Ford, Ellen DeGeneres, Portia de Rossi, and now Rosie O'Donnell is also all the celebrities that I just mentioned. They're apparently moving to the uk. Rosie O'Donnell joins the list. She has apparently moved to Ireland.


Not that anyone cares, but I was scrolling yesterday and here's what she had to say. Watch, I miss my other kids. I miss my friends. I miss many things about life there at home. And I'm trying to find a home here in, in this beautiful country. And when you know it is safe for all citizens to have equal rights there in America, that's when we will consider coming back. Okay? Well, if you do, no need to let us know. All right? Nobody missed you. I totally forgot that Rosie O'Donnell existed until I saw this video yesterday.


So if you do decide to come back, you can just keep your pie hole shut. We don't need to hear about it. We don't need to know about it. Just live your life. You live your life. We'll live ours. How does that sound? Here's another update I told you about how the mainstream media is obsessing over these measle outbreaks, right? They are trying to make this into the new covid. And here's a new headline that I saw this morning. Texas Measles Outbreak Grows while New York and California Report New Cases. So I just wanted to bring this up 'cause I'm scrolling, and I told you all yesterday, I think there might be a link between the measles outbreaks that were rampant during the Biden administration, except the media didn't cover it.


There were 16 outbreaks under the Biden administration, and I think think it might have a little something to do with the unvetted and unvaccinated migrants coming across the border. I don't know. A lot of them are going to New York. So I don't know. Do you guys think that there's a link? I think that there might be a link. Of course this is unconfirmed, but I mean, they come across a border unvetted. The Biden administration just says, come on in, come as you are. Come one, come all. And who knows who these people are or what vaccinations or whatever their status is. Who knows, right? So I just find that interesting that it's, it's all happening in the Southwest and then in sanctuary states that have welcomed these migrants with open arms.


So thought that that was interesting. Another thing I told you about the CBP one app, that is the app that migrants were given on their free Biden phones, right? These are free, I'm joking, they're not free. They're paid by the taxpayer like you and me. But on these apps, they were able to get resources and find court dates and things like that, except the Trump administration is flipping the script. And they are Now, they've updated these apps to now have a self deport feature. And we can throw this headline up. AOCs staffer, just self deported, former illegal immigrant aid to Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez self Deports to Columbia, amid questions about employment.


So there's the first one. I just wanted to give you those updates. But here's what I have on deck for you tonight. Big show for you. Trump and Elon Musk are the most iconic duo, and the media is just melting down over their bromance. And a trans member of Congress keeps getting misgendered. The mainstream media keeps calling it an attack. We'll get into that. Plus Gwen Stefani is enraging the wokes, as I like to call them, after sharing a clip about faith from Tucker Carlson's Show. We'll get into all that and so much more on Nightly Scroll.


So Trump bought a red Tesla model S yesterday, right outside of the White House, and he went for a little test drive with Elon Musk. The media is just freaking out over it, okay? The Daily Show, they're obviously, they make jokes, nothing's very serious, but they posted this meme on Twitter on X, and it's inspired by the famous Mean Girls movie quote, get in loser. We're going shopping, except they wrote, get in Loser. We're tanking the economy, which didn't age too well. So I'll fix it for you. Okay? Get in loser. We're slowing the pace of inflation or get in loser. Eggs are about to be affordable again, or get in loser.


Gas prices are gonna start with a two and not a six, seven or eight like they did during the Biden administration. And we may have Doge to thank for this. I wanna show you this, of course, you know, you could go to this next headline, guys, Elon Musk positions Doge to achieve no inflation by 2026 because they're cutting 4 billion with their cuts each day. So you know what's not to love about cutting inflation and hopefully getting it down to zero. You know, I think it's at a 2.8% right now. It's slowing down. So I don't know, maybe can, do you think we can get it to zero thanks to Elon Musk and all these savings and all these cuts.


We might be able to, and of course it's a pain in the mainstream media's backside every time they have to report any good news during the Trump administration. There's always a caveat. So here's a Forbes headline. Gas prices drop for third consecutive week. They could have just stopped there, folks, but they didn't as tariff uncertainty swirls. It can't just be the good news. They have to be like, well, you know, he did something good, but it might get worse. You know, here's a CNN headline. US inflation cooled in February, but Trump's tariff plans and trade war loom again, there's always a, but it's not just us inflation cooled in February.


'cause they can't give him that much credit. CNN's not gonna say, Ooh, Trump did a good thing they have to say. But Trump's tariff plans and trade war loom, the left is extremely triggered by Elon Musk. I'm calling it Elon Derangement syndrome. And I think it might just be as bad or worse as Trump derangement syndrome, but the, you can have both at the same time. The media certainly does. They have Elon and Trump derangement syndrome together. And you know, I wanna talk to you about Scott Jennings because with this whole photo op with the Teslas yesterday, Scott Jennings is a voice of reason on CNN.


And they're all fighting about whether or not Elon Musk should have been there. And should we, should we be promoting Tesla if he's working for the government? And here's what they had to say on CNN. Watch Tesla's. They're cool cars, but the President is clearly trying to do his friend political donor, actually, government employee. Pretty big favor here for, Look, Scott's getting ready to go. It's, It's, it's hardly the first time we've had cars on the South Lawn. Man, here's a video of Joe Biden driving a Jeep Rubicon around the South Lawn. I mean, it's Pretty common. And p and, and President Trump had did it before in his first term as well's, It's pretty common for the, for the president of the United States to boost American industries, American made products and companies that are, you know, employing Americans.


It's extremely common. He obviously has a close relationship with Elon, who by the way, is, I think, unfairly under attack. And this company is unfairly under attack. You have these insane people all over the country chasing people down in their Teslas in New York City. I had a friend who tried to trade his Tesla in New York the other day, and there were protesters screaming at his children. Look, I, I mean, people are on hand. You can drop outta this. Thank you guys. But Scott, Jen,


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/tech. All lowercase, that's shopify.com/tech.


Bring on your business challenges. The complex ones, the ones that seem to change every day. The ones that are so nuanced, no one else could possibly understand them. Bring them all on key. Has a team of banking experts specialized in your industry, always ready to take your call and offer trusted solutions. And we go even further staying ahead of trends so that you have answers before you even knew you needed them. Bring on your business challenges. KeyBank opens doors, learn more at key.com/b2b.


Things Is always coming with the facts. He's always got the receipts. This is just how I picture it. You know, the CNN staffers and producers, they probably tell him, you know, Hey, here are the topics we're covering on covering on the show today. And he's like, all right, I gotta go get my receipts. He's always prepared, he's always, you know, showing something on his phone or he is playing a video. It's so funny. He always has something to combat the crazy loons on CNN, and I love to see it. But he's right. This is the video that he was showing on his phone, will will show. This is Biden driving a Jeep Wrangler on the White House lawn on. So it was fine when he ooh, it was fine when he did it.


Biden got a little pep in his step. All of a sudden, when he is got his foot on the pedal, Not so much when he is walking, but, so there you see it, right? It's okay when there's a photo op, when it's Biden, it's okay when Biden does it. It's okay when it's a Jeep. But if it has anything to do with Trump or anything to do with Elon, they just melt down. The Elon derangement syndrome has gotten so bad that violent protests have erupted at Tesla dealerships and charging stations like this one in South Carolina. And this is what Scott Jennings was talking about on CNN, that this is getting kind of violent masked man sets self ablaze, trying to torch South Carolina Tesla stations in protest.


This is what he was spray painting on. This bank of Tesla charging stations f Trump, long Live Ukraine. And he tried to burn the electric vehicle charging ports. However, he, well, he did, but he also let him, he set himself on fire. So these people are not very smart. And of course he's outside, but he has his mask on, you know, is that because of Covid or maybe the fumes? I don't know. I don't know if he's put the mask on because of Covid or measles or the Molotov cocktail that he had in his hand. I don't know. But the damages were estimated at $60,000. Just a crazy liberal masked man trying to do damage to Tesla and, and Elon.


But of course it's not. I mean, they're not doing anything. They're just causing damage. And the man was not arrested or identified, and he fled when people started calling 9 1 1. They saw that he was doing, and he just got outta there. Police didn't do anything about it. Now here's another one. You can throw up this photo. This is Lucy Grace Nelson. Lucy Grace Nelson is 40 years old. Lucy formerly identified as Justin Thomas Nelson. He was arrested, but then released. This is another like catch and release situation. The masked lunatic in South Carolina was never caught, but this guy, he was caught and arrested, but then let go on bond.


But this one also is in arrested into, in connection to four incidents of vandalism, an explosive device at a Tesla dealership. This happened in Colorado, and now the Colorado police chief is, you know, upset because he was arrested and then let go. So now this keeps happening again. There was another incident, incident at this same dealership in Colorado, because you know, this police chief is saying, if you catch and release these people, you're sending a message that it's okay, you're just gonna go to jail for a little bit, but it's no big deal. And this beautiful Lucy, he was throwing Molotov cocktails at the vehicles.


He also spray painted, he said, Nazi cars at the Tesla dealership. So these people are obviously not well adjusted. I'm just gonna leave it at that, not well adjusted. That's like the nicest, most like politically correct thing. I can say there's a screw loose because I don't know what their goal is. But they're not taking down Elon and they're not take taking down Tesla. So Trump was asked about whether or not he would call these incidents domestic terrorism. And he said, yeah, this is, this is how M-S-N-B-C reacted. Watch this.


But then you also overnight have this post claiming that protests at Tesla dealerships are illegal. He said today he would label violence against dealerships, domestic terrorism. Now, you know, I am judicious in how I play this sound, but I think you need to hear it from him. Mr. President talks about some of the violence that's been going on around the country at dealerships. Some say they should be labeled domestic terrorists, because I will do that. I'll Do it. I'm gonna stop them. We catch anybody doing it because they're harming a great American company. Let me tell you, you Do it to Tesla and you Do it to any company, we're gonna catch you and you're going to, you're gonna go through hell.


So just to be clear, you protest a private company. You are labeled by this administration a domestic terrorist. Well, that's, that's not all of it. It's not that they're just protesting a private company. These people are throwing Molotov cocktails at dealerships and they're spray painting Nazi cars and you know, f Trump, long Live Ukraine and whatever else, liberal, whatever they have saying that they're spray painting, but they're causing damage. Like the guy in South Carolina caused $60,000 in damage. This is violent protests. I don't understand why the left and people in the media, they don't understand the difference between violent protests and then the protests that are protected under the First amendment.


Fiery, but mostly peaceful, fiery, but mostly peaceful. I have that in my Instagram bio. That's, that's how I identify fiery, but mostly peaceful. I'm mostly peaceful, but sometimes, sometimes I have some hot takes that are fiery. But yeah, it's, they don't seem to understand the difference. And I just thought it was funny that the anchor, I don't know her name, but she said, you know, I'm judicious about whether or not I play sound from Trump, but I think you need to hear this. She's playing sound from the current president of the United States President Donald J. Trump. I'm gonna be ju just judicious about whether or not I want you to hear this. Is the media not supposed to tell you what's going on?


Isn't that what they're supposed to do? But she's sitting there saying, you know, I'm gonna be the gatekeeper of what information I want you, my viewers, to see and hear. And apparently at M-S-N-B-C, they don't want you to hear from President Trump unless they think it's very important. And in this situation, she used Trump's words and then spun them to mean something completely different. This is the mainstream media for you people. They have an ulterior motive. They cannot be trusted. And the Elon deranged derangement syndrome does not stop there.


Bernie Sanders is now warning against billionaires in Trump's circle. This is even a Fox News headline. Bernie Sanders warns liberal podcasters that Trump and Musk are creating an oligarchy. He said the Trump administration is a government of the billionaire class by the billionaire class. And for the billionaire class, I, I'm not a billionaire. Is anyone in the chat a billionaire? Are we billionaires? Is this a government of, by and for billionaires? Because I voted for Trump. I'm certainly not a billionaire. That would be nice. Are you guys billionaires?


Yeah, I'm getting head shaking No from Justin and Michael. We're not billionaires. Are any of you billionaires in the chat? I'm seeing Nope, nope, nope. Yeah, so I don't know. I don't think it's a government of buy and four billionaires. But you'll notice that always Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, they always take aim at billionaires. Billionaires with a B because they have reported net worths in the millions. Yeah, that's right. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have net worths in the millions. And it's interesting because, you know, with their government salaries, they, they certainly don't make that much.


They make, you know, somewhere in the a hundred thousand dollars range, you know, 160, 180, whatever it is. But Bernie Sanders specifically, who's a Democrat socialist, has an estimated net worth of $3 million. Yeah. So he also owns three houses. I'm gonna throw this out to the chat again. I I, I have one apartment that I rent. I don't have a house. I certainly don't have two houses. I don't have three houses. How about you guys? Do you have one house, two house, three houses? We own zero. Between me and Justin, Myself included.


You know, we're Gen Z and millennials in here. I don't know when I'm gonna be able to afford a house, but I certainly don't have three like Bernie Sanders, the Democratic socialist. So I don't know. Is he gonna give those houses away to people? I mean, certainly if you think that it should, the wealth should be spread amongst the constituents. Maybe he can house some people or give the houses away or use the money for something else. I mean, that's, that's what he stands for, right? It's all just misplaced anger. And speaking of misplaced anger, the left is in an uproar over the first transgender member of Congress being misgendered.


Representative McBride from Delaware is a transgender woman. And here's what went down. Listen to this. I now recognize the representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride. Thank you Madam Chair. Ranking Member Keating, also. Wonderful. Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, could you repeat your introduction again, please? Yes. It's a, it's a, we have set the standard on the floor of the house, and I'm simply, What is that standard, Mr. Chairman, the standard. Would you repeat what you just said? I, when you introduced a duly elected representative from the United States of America, please. I will. The representative from Delaware. Mr. McBride, Mr.


Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you known decency? I mean, I, I've come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent. We will continue this hearing. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a duly elected representative. The right way. This hearing is adjourned. Okay, hearing's over because representative Keith Self from Texas addressed McBride as Mr. McBride. He said that the standard that they've set on the house floor is that if you're a man, you're gonna be called mr. And if you're a woman, you're gonna be called Mr. Or Mrs.


So that's just the standard that we've been going by in the government. And not to mention the standard that we've been going by for the entirety of humanity. I mean, male and female has stood the test of time somehow. It's, it's interesting. Nope, not doing it. Madam Chairman was kind of funny. Yeah, it's, it's interesting because he's just doing what he's supposed to be doing and what everyone else is saying. And the Congressman William Keating, he's a democrat from Massachusetts, that's the one that you saw freaking out. Freaking out.


He's the one banging his fist on the table and saying, you know, this is adjourned. And he canceled the whole thing because Keith Self didn't wanna call McBride anything. But Mr just going based on his biological sex, which is, I don't know, it's pretty normal. And with Trump in office, this is a return to normalcy. Here's what a BC news had to say about the attack. This is a quote, attack rep Sarah McBride, the first transgender person elected to Congress, continues to face attacks from her Republican colleagues who have repeatedly misgendered her on the house floor.


And in committee meetings on Tuesday, it happened again. We're, we're misusing the word attack here. This is hyperbole. I don't think that the mainstream media should be calling this an attack. And I have to be honest, McBride didn't even react to this. McBride essentially was like, okay, Thank you chairman, and continued speaking. Did you all notice that in the video? It was the other guy from Massachusetts who was the one that caused the whole hubba, but it wasn't McBride. This is what McBride said on Twitter. They, she had this, she po posted this tweet saying she's basically just there to do her job and she doesn't want there to be, you know, I don't know, like all this like hubbub about it.


She said, hold on, let me pull it up here for you guys. No matter how I'm treated by some colleagues, nothing diminishes my awe and gratitude at getting to represent Delaware and Congress. It is truly the honor and privilege of a lifetime. I simply want to serve and try to make this world a better place. I mean, what's not to like about that? I have no issue with how McBride acted. McBride seems to be just there to do her job. Yeah, here's her, her post on X here. You know, I simply wanna serve and try to make this world a better place. All McBride wants to do is just represent Delaware.


I mean, she is duly elected. The people of Delaware elected her. So, or him Sarah McBride. So yeah, I mean, I don't even really have a problem with how McBride handled it. It's how everyone else freaked out. The left is so easily triggered by the most insignificant things. Another example of this is Singer Gwen Stefani. You remember her? She was part of that like nineties and early two thousands group, no doubt, I certainly grew up with her. She's getting a lot of hate from the Es as I like to call them for sharing a clip from Tucker Carlson's show on x Tucker interviewed Jonathan Rumi.


He is the actor who plays Jesus in the show. The Chosen. I don't watch the chosen, but I have heard just the most wonderful things about the show. Everyone says that it's really well done and I just don't watch enough tv. I scroll for hours and hours and hours on my phone. I'm working. And then I come home from work and the last thing I wanna do is look at another screen. So I tend to just read my fiction books, but I do want to watch The Chosen to any of you in the chat, watch The Chosen, we'll see if, if anyone recommends it. But I've heard great, great things about it and worth watching.


Okay? TV is overrated. Yes, yes. Nope, not yet. It's good. Nope, nope. Yes. Watch it. It's fantastic. It's amazing. Great show. Highly recommend it. Okay, so if the Bonino Army recommends it, then I guess I have to watch it. Okay? Everyone is saying Watch it. Watch it. Wonderful show. Okay, love the Chosen. Alright, I love it. I love it. Yay. Okay, so I'll just have to add that to my, my repertoire or my, my playlist, if you will. Season premieres next week. Okay. All righty. If you guys say that I should watch it, I'm gonna watch it.


Maybe I will, maybe I'll start it tonight. I don't know. Is that Angel Studios? I like Angel Studios. I like what they've been putting out. They, I forget they did. They do, they did. Sound of Freedom. Don't play the don't play the Eagle Screech Sound of Freedom. People are gonna freak out. But I think they did the movie Sound of Freedom and that was really, really good. And they've put out some other good content too. I think there was another movie nefarious. It was about like a murderer or a killer or something. That was really good too. Anyway, back to Gwen Stefani. So all she said was, she posted this on Twitter. Wow. Jonathan Rumi, you are a powerful in powerful, inspirational human.


What an enlightening, intelligent, beautiful interview. Thank you for being you. Did any of you in the chat find that controversial or worthy of getting hate? I, I don't think so. I mean, she's obviously a woman of faith and I don't know, I don't see anything wrong with that. But here's what people said in the comments. They said, Gwen is in her Trump era. Blake has got you brainwashed. Gwen Blake is her husband. Blake Shelton, the country singer. You honestly need a reality check.


God, this is heartbreaking. Knew she was a right wing grifter when she started promoting a Bible app. Gwen Stefani also got hate for promoting the Christian prayer app. Hallow Mark Wa Mark Wahlberg also promoted the hallow app. It has, you know, guided meditation and some worship music and other and other things like that and, and prayers. And so she promoted the hallow app. And I guess people call her a right wing grifter because she has faith. It's kind of gross. But the left also tried to cancel her over a perfume line too. So it's not just her faith, it's not just watching Tucker Carlson show.


This is where cancel culture really grinds my gears. I'm so anti cancel culture, I will tell you until I'm blue in the face, that cancel culture is officially canceled. I'm so over it. And here's what happened. So Gwen Stefani, she grew up going over to Japan and she traveled a lot with her dad when she was younger. And that's where she was first introduced to the Japanese culture that she loves so much. So when she went over there visiting with her father, she wanted to come back to the States and then implement that for, you know, in her music and in her costumes and, and certain things like that.


So she came out with a perfume line called Harajuku Lovers and I, it was pretty successful. And I think it was on the market until 2011. So it got canned in 2011 and fast forward to 2023. And there were some Asian journalists who were digging and doing some digging on Gwen Stefani. And they wanted to cancel Gwen Stefani for putting out the Harajuku lover's perfume. They were calling it cultural appropriation. Meanwhile, Gwen Stefani, if you asked her, it was a deep cultural appreciation.


So again, she's no, she's no stranger to getting canceled. But you know, this time getting hate for just simply enjoying an interview that touched on faith, the left has no understanding of what religious freedom means. It's their way or the highway, and they're all on the highway to hell. So bravo Gwen Stefani for sticking to your guns and sticking it to the Wokes. Alright, are you all ready to start scrolling? I have some fun content for you and I do have, we're gonna work on this. I wanna be able to scroll the comment live and have you all watch it. And we can Do it in real time, but we're working on it.


So stay tuned for that. I'm excited. There's gonna be developments on this show. It's only gonna get better. But here's the first one, A trans teacher getting schooled by a MAGA teacher. I'm a trans teacher and yes, I am teaching your kids pronouns in school, but this is because they don't know the difference between there, there and there. Trump supporting teacher here, you're not teaching pronouns, buddy. You're teaching homophones words that sound the same, that have a different spelling and a different meaning. You're getting the concepts you teach children confused. And you wonder why Trump wants to eliminate the Department of Education. Let me break this down for you because I don't think your coach went through this with you when they gave you coaching feedback as someone getting their PhD in special education.


So Homophones, your example was there, there and there. I'm gonna use the example of by, by written, by I buy something, words that sound the same, that have a different spelling and different meaning. Better yet, how about here I hear something versus here, come here. Or how about mail? 'cause I'm a man versus mail that I get from the US Postal Service. Not you getting the concepts you teach young children confused, oh my God, make America great again. Honestly, be so for real.


Do we love him? I love him when I saw this. And I'm a little bit of a grammar police person. I absolutely hate when people use the wrong form of your, and they're there, there and here here and bye-bye. So this spoke to me on a very deep level. I love this. And I loved that the MAGA teacher was comfortable enough to wear their MAGA hat. Again, we have regained culture just a little bit. Not all the way, but a little bit to the point where the silent majority doesn't have to be so silent anymore. Proudly wearing red MAGA hats. I wear my red MAGA hat. I don't care if people get pissed off or not. I've got other kinds of MAGA hat.


I think I have like two red MAGA hats. Then I have a Keep America great hat. Do you guys feel comfortable wearing MAGA hats out in public? I wanna see the chat. Do you guys wear your maga hats out? Do you feel comfortable or not comfortable? Are you proud about your Trump support? Yes, Maga love Maga Yes, yes, yes. Every day. I'm a stickler for primer too. Love to see it. Don't wear hats. Don't own one. Yes. Yes. All day long. Yes. Okay, good. I love to see it. Okay, someone said the chat is going way too fast guys.


I can't even read it, but I love it. Maga strong. Wear my MAGA hat every day sometimes. Yep. In Massachusetts. Yeah. Let me know too, if you wear your red MAGA hat in like deep blue areas there. Als also are some videos on social media. There's this one guy who wears his red MAGA hat around and he goes to like Disney World or New New York City, and he get, he films people's reactions. I don't know if he's wearing a GoPro or he's filming it on his phone, but he's getting people's reactions in slow-mo of him walking by and he's wearing the red MAGA hat. I'm gonna have to find one and play it on the show tomorrow. So stay tuned for that. But the next video that I have for you is American Idol.


Okay? Do you remember that show? I kind of, I keep forgetting that this show is still on, but I remember the first season of American Idol and who was it? It was Clay Aiken and Rubin Stutter. Do you remember that? I remember voting on the phone, like calling on my landline to vote, and I feel like it's, I haven't watched it in a long time, but I'm sure they're doing like QR codes or text or something different now. But I used to love that show and it's still going. They're on season 23 now, which is wild. But yeah, I, I grew up with this show and I love it so much. And they're in the, or they might be in the, the audition rounds right now.


And I was scrolling on TikTok and I found this video from an audition. Let me see if I can see what this kid's name is. What's the kid's name? Let's just play the video Somewhere past the Sky. Slater Nally. I can feel you every single time I see you're answering my prayers. He's really good.


You can pull out of this Just a little taste of Slater Nally, that's his name. And Carrie Underwood was brought to tears watching that audition. And I don't blame her. I mean, he's really, really good. And a lot of the comments were talking about, oh, he's, you know, he's better than Morgan Wallen or he's on the same level as Chris Stapleton, et cetera, or they're like, you know, and that was an original song written by Slater now, so that's really cool. I love when people audition with, with an original song and people were commenting like, give this song to Luke Bryan or give this song to, you know, whoever. Right?


And unfortunately the comments took a turn for the worse because of Carrie Underwood crying being brought to tears over it. And interestingly enough, a lot of the people who were upset about this are Canadian, at least the first two commenters that I saw. They had Canadian flags in their, their TikTok name. But the first one, fresh Kuck said, Carrie Underwood can take her tears and piss off. Dad. Bod 96 with a Canadian flag says, I'd watch, except I hate Carrie Underwood. Why do you think Canadians are so triggered by Carrie Underwood? I don't know. Like, what did she do to you?


Is it because she has that American Girl song? She's a American sweetheart? I don't know. One lucky Leo commented, I still ain't forgot, Carrie, you did what you did. That pains me as a, a grammar police person to read this, but I'm reading it as they commented. Okay? I still ain't forgot, Carrie, what you did. So what did Carrie do? Of course, Carrie Underwood accepted the invitation to sing. It wasn't the national anthem. What was it? God Bless America or what or America? The beautiful America The beautiful, yeah. So Carrie Underwood sang at Trump's inauguration, and I guess people hate her for that now.


Laura Lambert Robertson comment, or Robinson commented, I used to watch American Idol, but I won't watch anything with Carrie Underwood. And someone replied to her sarcastically saying, congratulations, obviously making fun of this liberal, crazy woman. And then she replied back and said, Thank you. I don't support anyone who supports a convicted felon hellbent on destroying our country. Do you think she gets her news from CNN or M-S-N-B-C? You can guess in the comments, it's one of the two, but it's definitely not the Bonino report, that's for sure. Then someone else, Donna m said, no, Carrie Underwood for this family. How hard was it to find a non-controversial judge?


What is controversial about singing at the inauguration? I wouldn't be mad at Carrie Underwood if she accepted the invitation to sing at Biden's inauguration. You know, people on the right, we don't have the luxury of like canceling everyone and not supporting people who don't agree with us because the majority of singers and songwriters and artists and you know, celebrities and whatever, I mean, they're all on the left. Not only just, you know, celebrities but companies, right? They're all owned by the left. It's like we can't boycott everything. We, we wouldn't have any clothes to wear. We wouldn't have any food to eat, you know? So it it, it comes to a point where I just think if you participate in these boycotts, it's just, it gets to a point where it's insane.


And I don't understand why people on the left, they can't bear to support someone who disagrees with them politically. It's insane. I mean, could you imagine? I mean, I listened to music and you know, the artists, they, I'm sure they didn't vote for Trump, but I still like their music, their music's still good. It doesn't make their music any worse. So I don't understand this chill and p and w said, not a chance I'll ever watch a single show this season with Underwood on there after she performed for Trump. Good luck on your ratings. And then lastly, I just found this comment funny. Someone says, nobody, nobody does country as good as as Beyonce.


That's another one that hurt my soul as a grammar police. Nobody does country as good as Beyonce. That's obviously sarcastic as well because Beyonce thinks she's a country artist, but she's not. She came out with a country album and it did horribly at the CMAs. She won no country music awards. She called it Racist, the Tennesseean, which is completely liberal as a outlet in Tennessee, they called it racist. I mean, it's obviously not racist. She's just not good at singing country. She's a beautiful voice. She's talented, but she's not a country artist. And her album really wasn't that country. And if you're comparing her album with all the other country stars, I mean, she's not gonna do well, right?


But then they had to save Face, of course at the Grammys and she won Best Country album. I wonder if she paid them to, to do that. I don't know. But I that, going back to that comment, you know, not a chance I'll ever watch this single show with Underwood on there after she performed for Trump. Good luck on your ratings. I just wanna show this headline that shows that ratings for season 23 hit a three year high American Idol on a BC 23rd season. Sneak preview rises to three year high among adults in 18 to 49. 18 to 49 by the way, is the, that is the demo. If you are doing well on that demo, that is the demo.


That is the demo that advertisers wanna see. So clearly they're not struggling, you know, promoting Carrie Underwood, the Trumper. So they're all good. Yeah, there she is singing at Trump's inauguration, and she did so well. Remember when the audio went out and she sang at acapella? I mean, she's a damn professional. Okay, so, and then who better to host American Idol than the girl who won American Idol? No. I mean, what's wrong with these people? Anyway, I have one more video for you. I hope you guys find this as funny as I do. I, anyway, let's just play it. So someone is on an airplane, they says, does anyone know what this huge line shadow is?


This isn't the funny part, by the way, we're gonna get to the comments. Okay? So this airplane airplane traveler sees this long line of a shadow and they ask the internet what it is. And I'm assuming that it's the shadow from the con of the, this is like the, the clouds that come out of the end of a plane, right? The plane's flying and there's the, so I'm assuming that's what the shadow is from. But here's what people in the comments is. You, you, you never ask the TikTok comments for answers to a question because this is what you're gonna get. Ryan Melton said, that's the daylight we didn't save. Someone said, that's where I draw the line.


The Earth took karate classes. That it, that's its black belt. I think that's the Y axis. Everyone knows that's the equator. If you squint really hard, you can see Johnny Cash walking on it. It's the Earth's belt. So its pants don't fall down. Obviously the giant snail went that way. It's the string they pull to make the earth spin. That's the thread that we're all hanging on by, you know, that place that Mufasa tells Simba to stay away from. I think that's it. Someone also said it's the shadow from the top part of the globe holder. 'cause of course we're living on a globe. And this is for my, this is for my conspiracy theorists.


I love a conspiracy theory by the way, you know, I'm probably not gonna talk about too many conspiracy theories on this show 'cause I don't wanna get in trouble. But oh my gosh, I love conspiracy theories. I, I will go on deep dives, I'll listen to podcast episodes about conspiracies. I just, I think that they're so fun because what is a conspiracy theory? Really it's six months from the truth. We know that it just takes, you know, a little time for us to, to make sure that they're true, to check our facts. And then all of a sudden, you know, there are a lot of conservative conspiracy theories that that end up coming true later on. But what is a conspiracy theory? Really it's just people asking questions. And when the government is not transparent with the American people, that's where conspiracy theories thrive.


It's really when the government doesn't tell us what's going on and people start asking questions. That's how conspiracy theorists are born. So when the mainstream media, you know, they call you a conspiracy theorist, wear that badge proudly. 'cause that means you're just asking questions that they don't wanna answer. So then the last question or the last comment here was that's the crease. So at night, the flat earth can be folded in half and we can all go to sleep. I just think that's so funny. I thought that that was hilarious. I'm not a flat earth her, by the way, but I just think I thought that that was funny. There are some other conspiracy theory theorists in the chat. Do a poll on cons, conspiracy theories.


What's your favorite conspiracy theory, guys? Let's see if people can post them in the chat quickly. You've heard of families disowning each other over conspiracy theories. I wanna know what that line was. I think the line is just the, the shadow from the con trail. You know, the, like it makes, you know, the planes flying and the clouds come outta the back of it. I think that was just the, I don't know the shadow from that. What's everyone's area? 51 CIA and JFK. Very interesting.


Will we ever get the JFK files released? People, I don't know. Hopefully something to look forward to. Nine 11 chemtrails area 51, the moon landing. Pizzagate Flat Earth Roswell. My wife. Your wife's a conspiracy. Bigfoot it. Elvis Epstein didn't kill himself. Love that one. The deep state, big Mike. Oh yeah, there's so many MK Ultra. Oh my gosh guys. Don't even get me started. Alien Sasquatch.


Yeah. Well, I'm glad we're all on the same page. Alright, that is all I have for you tonight, but I want you to subscribe to this show, okay? If you're listening on Apple Podcasts or on Spotify, hit the subscribe button. Make sure that you never miss a show. I wanna see you there. Even if you're watching on Rumble, go over to Apple Podcast or Spotify, whichever one you use or both, and make sure that you're following and subscribing. Hit the little bell and make sure that you're doing that. And of course, I wanna see people in the live chat. We gotta get these numbers up. Send to a friend, Haley rumble.com/haley is where you're gonna find it. It's gonna bring you to the Bonino Report channel and you will find Nightly Scroll there. That's it. Everyone follow me on social media at Haley Caria and I'll see you tomorrow.