
Hello everyone. Welcome to Nightly Scroll. I am starting the show off tonight with breaking news. As of three minutes ago, the astronauts who were stranded in space for nine months just landed off the coast of Florida. I'm gonna bring you the updates as we get them. And we have the video here from nasa, the capsule, the SpaceX, NASA capsule just landed in the water, just Splashed down two minutes ago off the coast Of, we'll, listen in here, Florida Dragon Freedom has returned home with NASA astronauts, Nick Hague, Sonny Williams, Butch Wilmore, and Rose Cosmos, cosmonaut Alexander Goov. They're back on a Earth. After approximately 17 hours of a return journey from space, The SpaceX recovery ship and team have been waiting for Dragon Splashdown, and they will now make their way to the Splashdown location.


The teams have been ready and waiting about three nautical miles away. So it's gonna take them about 30 minutes or so to make their way to and Freedom. Pretty sure we're in stable one. Copy stable one. We see the same. This is very exciting. So on board here are members of the Crew nine who left for the International Space Station nine months ago. They went down in June, or when they went up in June, I should say, rather. And they were only supposed to stay there for eight days, and they were there for nine months. There were a lot of issues going back and forth. Some of them might have been political, and a lot of them had to do with technical difficulties with the Boeing Starliner that they went up on.


They couldn't take that Starliner home. Elon Musk had another craft, but then there were issues with that just days ago. It's been very, very tense. You know, I, last week on the show, I played a video from Butch Wil More's daughter, Darren, who's been pretty outspoken on social media about, you know, how much she misses her dad. And she talked about all the things that he had missed holidays while he was up there for nine months. And she talked about how excited she was at the prospect of him returning home this week. And I'm so happy to report that Elon Musk has made this happen along with nasa. So very, very exciting news here.


There is. I just feel so much joy. This is, this is an amazing day for America. This shouldn't have been political. These astronauts, they have been up there conducting experiments and you know, they shouldn't have been up there that long, but I'm so, so happy that they have returned home. This was the capsule that you're seeing right now is the SpaceX Dragon capsule. It was expected to crash down or splash down, as you see right here. If we could pull that video up again at 5 57. And they, it was right on time. It was right on time. So now the crews are coming to retrieve them.


Very, very exciting. And this all started just on Sunday. The capsule went up to space and it docked at the International Space Station on Sunday. And it's a 17 hour flight. So the, the crew, 10 astronauts replaced them on Friday. The NASA officials are set to give a press conference in just an hour and a half to explain just what happened here. All went safely, it seems. So we will keep you updated as the show goes on, but this is very, very exciting to see. Plus, the left is still angry that dangerous gang members have been deported.


But the Trump administration shows no signs of slowing down. Former CNN host Don Lemon has gone full libtard. I'll play the clips, all that, and so much more coming up on nightly scroll. So liberals have been going absolutely insane over Elon Musk. He pulls off this, this splash down, this rescue mission of these astronauts. I do wanna play. I have a video here of them hugging when the crew nine and Crew 10 astronauts met each other at the International Space Station this past weekend.


Very emotional moment. They're, they're hugging. They're, they're so excited to see one another. You can watch this here. That's Sonny Williams and all the astronauts that are coming to replace them, they come through this, this opening and it's just very warm and they're welcoming them. I mean, imagine after nine months not being home, you're on the International Space Station. Of course, there's all the resources that you need because people are meant to live at the International Space Station for six months at a time. These poor astronauts were up there for nine months at a time. That is not the longest.


There was a Russian astronaut that made it, I think 400 plus days. So this wasn't the longest time that humans have been in space. But there's a lot that can happen to the body when you're in this zero gravity situation. So when these astronauts are retrieved from the capsule, they're gonna need a lot of medical attention. So I saw some reports like, don't be alarmed if you see them and taken out on a stretcher. I mean, they are gonna need medical attention. This is not your, this is not your average experience living on the International Space Station for, for nine months. So just very, very interesting. But Elon Musk can help pull off this amazing task, right?


And the left just absolutely hates everything he does. They, especially when it comes to Doge, there, it was a massive protest, like a sit-in or whatever you call it. This was outside of the New York Stock Exchange. Liberals were protesting the Department of Government efficiency. That should be a bipartisan, don't you think slashing funds, and we can pull this video up. Liberals, they're laying on the ground. No upid, something doge canceling. Musk stole my complaining, complaining, complaining. First polio death in 70 years, whatever this is, the le liberals are laying on the ground.


Listen, I'm a free speech absolutist. I think that you should be able to protest. This is protected under the First Amendment. However, I do think it's a waste of time in certain cases. When I was living, I used to live in New York City. I lived all over the city, but I did live right near the New York Stock Exchange for about three years. And there was a massive climate protest. I'm trying to think of how long ago this was. It might have been in like 20 19, 20 20. It was during that like covid time. And there was a climate protest and it, it was packed. There are all these liberals everywhere. And I thought to myself, they have all of these cardboard boxes.


They, they cut the cardboard boxes, they do their arts and crafts, their, you know, they, they write their little signs and it's like, you know, tree hugging and whatever else they have on their signs. And they were out there for hours. And at the end of the protest, I just found it interesting because all of these climate alarmists through all their cardboard and paper signs, guess where not in the trash can on the ground. I lived right across from Battery Park in New York City and it was just littered with all of their signs. And this is how I know that some of these protests, I'm not saying all protests, I'm not saying all rallies, but a lot of these protests are just virtue signaling. I I'm not saying that they don't have a purpose, because I guess it's trying to draw attention to a, a topic or an issue.


I get it. Again, this is protected under the First amendment. They have every right to do this. I have a job though. I don't know about y'all on the chat, but I've never been able to go to a, a rally or, you know, lay in the street during the daytime. 'cause I've got places to be. I'm employed. This is unemployed behavior. And I've never, I've never participated because I have to go to my job. I don't know about all of you, but you know, us normal people, us Republicans, we've got places to be. But it's not just liberals protesting, you know, Elon's, department of Government efficiency.


They're taking out their anger on his Teslas. I've reported this, this was all week. We've been seeing Tesla stations being firebombed and, and what have you. And now liberals are now getting caught keying Teslas. So I wanna show you this first video here. There's a, I'm assuming a liberal, Did you just key Tesla the other day? You what? You're on video. He's getting caught here. Yeah, This is the guy. You just keyed a Tesla. You got a video online. I just saw it's all over the fucking face. You had the media, you keyo Tesla. Yes you did. You keyed a Tesla. He said, I didn't keyo Tesla In the parking lot.


Somewhere around here. What do you gotta say about that? I didn't do that. Oh, but here are the receipts. Here's video of that man certainly keying a Tesla. Here he goes wearing the same USA jacket and oh, he's back. Maybe he's looking around to see if anyone else is there, but there's a guy here. He goes, king the Tesla on video. I said, guy, alright, You can come outta this video. Thank you guys.


I'm no tech genius, but I knew if I wanted my business to crush it, I'd need a website. Now, thankfully, Bluehost made it easy. I customized, optimized and monetized everything exactly how I wanted with AI in minutes. My site was set up. I couldn't believe it. The search engine tools even helped me get more site visitors. Whatever your passion is, you can set it up with Bluehost, with their 30 day money back guarantee. What have you got to lose? Head to bluehost.com to start now.


But he's on video keying the car. And it's not just him. Here's another example of a liberal keying a Tesla. He was caught. And it, I was talking about this with the guys. I said, does anyone have a Tesla? I don't, I've never even driven in a Tesla. I think I've been on an, in an Uber that's been a Tesla, but I didn't know this. But Teslas have video monitoring capabilities like these guys are getting caught because the Teslas are filming them. How stupid do you have to be? I mean, one person can make the mistake. But two, three, I've seen three videos on my timeline today of liberals keying Teslas and they're getting caught by the Tesla.


Riddle me that it's just so sick. I, I don't know what these people think that they're doing. They're damaging personal property. They're gonna be arrested. Their faces are on camera. Not that I expected these people to be very smart, but it's just, I didn't expect them to be that dumb. But unfortunately, the protests have gotten even more deranged and even more violent. I I talked about this last week. There are Tesla stations and dealerships being spray painted protesters are throwing Molotov cocktails. Again, this is domestic terrorism. And it happened again last night.


So again, these people are not learning from their, their cohorts. They're not learning from their fellow liberal loonies who try this stuff. They get arrested, they get, you know, I don't know, they're released on bond or what have you. But last night around 2:45 AM well, I guess not last night, but early this morning, Las Vegas authorities received reports of a person setting several vehicles on fire at a Tesla collision center. So we can throw this video up. It's, I just don't understand what would compel you to do this?


I don't understand. This is domestic terrorism. What we're watching right now, it's domestic terrorism. And like I said, these people, they're not learning. So they're watching other people get arrested and then let go. So then they keep doing it. They're, they're just leading by example. And it's a bad example. And speaking of catch and release, by the way, Trump has released a video this morning asking illegal aliens to basically catch and release themselves. Take a look at this. People in our country illegally can self deport the easy way or they can get deported the hard way. And that's not pleasant.


The Biden administration exploited the CBP one app to allow more than 1 million aliens to illegally enter the United States. Now my administration is launching the CBP home app to give people in our country illegally an easy way to leave now and self deport voluntarily. The CBP Home app is now available free across all mobile app stores. And I encourage those who have violated our laws to use this option today. Do it right and come back into our country. Do it wrong and you'll never be back again. Exactly. Use the app to self deport you.


Let the United States government, I was here by accident, the Biden AMA administration, they let me in. I'm not supposed to be here. Let me self deport and then I'll come back the right way. If the illegal aliens do not use this ha this app, the CBP Home app, they're not coming back. They're not coming back. And this is all happening as the Obama appointed activist judge has waged an ongoing legal battle over the Trump administration's use of the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. I talked to you about this yesterday. This is a what the liberal media's calling a time act.


You know, the media asked Tom Homan, why are you following this old law? And he said, old law, the constitution's an old law. And we follow that. We follow a lot of old laws. So, you know, it, it's interesting because the, you know, this judge tried blocking these flights that the Trump administration was admin was facilitating. The Trump administration has all these Venezuelan gangs. There are these gang members. They're on the flight, they're getting sent to El Salvador. And the judge tried to block it.


James Bosberg Trump has now called for his impeachment it because what he's doing is defying the President of the United States and Chief Justice John Roberts. This is according to Kyle Cheney. He's a senior legal affairs reporter at Politico. He said that Chief Justice Roberts said that for more than two centuries, it's been established that impeachment is not an appropriate response to disagreement concerning a judicial decision. The normal appellate review process exists for that purpose.


I could not confirm whether or not Chief Justice Roberts said this, it wasn't on the Supreme Court website. They didn't have it listed in any news press conferences. The only thing I saw was this tweet. So I can't independently confirm that Chief Justice John Roberts said this. I reached out to the Supreme Court earlier today asking if they could confirm that he did say this and they did not get back to me. So I just wanna leave you with that. I did my due diligence, but take it with a grain of salt. I don't know if he said that. All the media is pouncing on that one tweet saying, you know, in a post chief Justice John Roberts said this, but this is according to a political, political reporter. I don't know, but Tennessee Congressman Tim Burett, he had something, he had some thoughts for these activist judges.


Watch this. Well, but so no matter what a judge does, And he's taking the side and he's taking the side of a bunch of, he's taking the side of a bunch of criminals. He Hasn't, hasn't taken any, he hasn't, he hasn't taken any side yet. Congressman, Congressman, he hasn't taken any side yet. All he's done is put a stay. They're talking about the judge On, on the White House action here. So that he can review their use of the a their novel use, frankly, of, of the alien enemies. Oh, come on these guys. Listen, these guys, the diff the difference, the difference between God and these judges is God knows he's not one of these judges. Mic drop moment. I love to see that A Tennessee Congressman absolute mic drop.


God knows that he's not one of these judges. That's the difference between God and these judges. I just love that it was, I saw that all over my timeline today, and I just had to throw that in there. It's great. But actress Mia Pharaoh, just in case anyone was wondering what she thought about immigration and border and these immigrant flights, she weighed in on Trump's use of the Alien Enemies Act. She wants to lock up Trump over the deportation of Venezuelan gang bangers. She also said this, we have no idea who is sent to that nightmare prison in El Salvador. They were denied a hearing.


And that's the whole controversy about Trump using this Alien Enemies Act. This is the war time. These are non-citizens who don't get, they don't get a a, a fair trial. Right. And my, my response to that is, why would they, why would they get a trial? Why do we have to prove that they are gang members when they already broke the law? They can be deported Meia Pharaoh, because they broke immigration law. They're not supposed to be here anyway. And if they're suspected of being Venezuelan gang members, then that's more the reason to get them out of here.


I just don't understand. It's, it's crazy. But even crazier, the, the Venezuelan government released a statement, socialist Venezuela compares Trump deporting trend Deua thugs to the Holocaust. So Nicholas Maduro, the dictator in Venezuela, claimed that this Trump's use of the Alien Enemies Act was, you know, it violated fundamental US law and international human rights. And it's a crime against humanity. He also said, I mean, if we're gonna talk about crimes against humanity, let's just, let's just start with the Venezuelan gang members.


But he also said the vast majority of migrants are hardworking, dignified, and honest. Men and women, not terrorists, not criminals, not foreign enemies. They are victims. He said, okay, you take 'em then. If these are so great, and this is where these are where these Venezuelan gang members came from, go home, go home to mommy. I don't care where they go. And I'm sure all of you in the chat don't care where they go. I mean, I'm happy that they're going to the prisons in El Salvador. They seem like, you know, no BS prisons, right? They're maximum security.


They're not allowed phones, they're not allowed recreation time. They're not allowed visitation. So I'm happy our government struck a deal with El Salvador to take these people. But if the Venezuelan dictator wants them back, by all means take 'em. If they're such good people, take 'em. I don't know, it's just, to me, I thought that that was so insane. Even more insane than washed up actresses weighing in on border policy. But yeah, and Tom Holman, the border czar was on Fox and Friends. He was on with my friend Lawrence Jones. And Lawrence Jones pressed him because, you know, there's been a lot of criticism with how Tom Holman has been handling these flights and, and the border policy.


And this is how Tom Homan had to respond. Watch, I'm getting a little worried about the manpower. These guys are, they have to be tired. You got 30 guys on the stack going on different busts every single day. You're gonna run outta money. It doesn't look like you're getting support from the Democrats on this. You got, you're going against the judges now. What's next? Another flight. Another flight. Every day teams, the teams are gonna be out there every day. Every day. The men and women of ICE are gonna be in the neighborhoods of this nation arresting criminal, illegal, alien, alien, public state threats in national security threats. Lawrence are not going to stop us. We made a promise to American people. The President Trump has made a promise to American people.


We're gonna make this country safe again. I wake up every morning loving my job because I work for the greatest president in the history of my life. And we're gonna make this country safe again. I'm proud to be a part of this administration. We're not stopping. I don't care what the judges think. I don't care what the left thinks. We're coming. We're coming. Love it. Absolutely love it. Here's an inside joke with between us. This is, this is what just happened in the studio. So I found that video and I found, you know, the video from Fox, but I said, okay, you know, we do a lot of the scrolling video. So I wanted to find the vertical video. So I went on TikTok and I thought that I found the Fox News original version of the video, but I did not.


Michael asked me, he said, I don't think this is what you wanted. He plays the video back for me. And someone had dubbed over the Tom Homan interview, like all these like fart noises and like toilet flushes. They were like, is this what you wanted to play on the show? Like, no, I have to go find the original story. Sorry. So yeah, that's just a little inside joke. We had a little snap food before the show started, but we did deliver you the, the original source of the video. So that is what happened. No pooping, no farting, no toilet flushing in the video. Anyway, JD Vance, the vice president of the United States, he actually has a new role.


I didn't even know that this was possible, but Vice President Vance has just been named the Republican National Committee's finance chair. I didn't know he could do this, but apparently he is going to be leading the fundraising efforts for the RNC leading up to the midterm elections. And then of course 2028. This is exciting. And this is what RNC chair Michael Watley said. He said, vice President Vance is not only one of our party's most talented messengers, he is also a thought leader who has helped remake the GOP into the party of working Americans, representing the forgotten men and women of our country. I agree.


I, you know, I didn't know much about JD Vance, aside from the Hillbilly Elegy story and of course his time in the Senate. I feel like a lot of Americans can agree with me that during his debate I was, my eyes were opened. I saw him as not just a man with a wonderful story, not just a man with political aspirations, but I thought what he is a master communicator. I was so impressed by his, just his demeanor and how he held himself and how he answered all the questions. He had an answer for everything. I was very, very impressed with Vance's debate performance.


And now, you know, as vice president, we loved seeing him in the Oval Office taking on Zelensky side by side with President Trump. We love to see this, you know, I think, I feel like vice presidents in the past, they're just kind of like a shadow figure or they're, they're walking in, you know, they're just, they're behind the president. They, whatever they do is kind of in the shadows. Like we don't really know. But JD Vance is definitely, he's in the spotlight and I like to see that. And he, he's a young voice in the party as well. So I think that that's important. He's got a young family, a wonderful family. So yeah, I didn't know that the vice president could hold a job like this in the Republican National Committee, but I think he's a great person for the job.


I mean, who better to rally the troops and to lead fundraising efforts ahead of the midterm elections. We don't wanna see another pink splash. Remember the last midterm elections? Everyone thought that after Covid people were gonna be disaffected with the Democrat party and they're gonna come over in this huge red wave for conservatives. And we didn't see that. We did see that in this past presidential election for Trump, you know, winning every swing state and making inroads with these other voting blocks. It was very impressive. But I think it's smart to capitalize on this momentum and not let it go. And again, I mean, who better than JD Vance to lead this charge?


So I'm excited for that. But it begs the question, I'm excited for the future of the Republican Party, but what does the future of the Democrat party hold? Yes. Oh, and VINCE is going to be interviewing JD Vance, the Vice President of the United States on Thursday. So I hope you all tune in for that rumble.com/ VINCE at 10:00 AM Do not miss it. That's gonna be a very exciting interview. I've been super impressed with Vince's debut and all the shows that he's been doing this week. So I know that this will not be any different. Definitely tune in for that that, but here's a photo of a CNN poll.


CNN did this poll and they asked, you know, thinking about the Democrat leaders today, which person reflects the core values of the Democrat party? This is shocking. A OC was the top candidate. Democrats apparently think that she is the future, and this is scary to note, but she is old enough to run for president in 2028. So she had the most with 10% Kamala Harris, she beat out Kamala Harris, which is, shouldn't be hard. She's probably the worst candidate in history. I feel like Democrats forgot that Kamala Harris ran for president.


She pulled in as close to the negatives as you could possibly pull. She dropped out before anyone even cast one vote for her. And then they just installed her. So she had no choice, she had no chance. And you know, she shouldn't be hard to beat. But a OC is, has taken the top slot. Bernie Sanders next, Hakeem Jeffries, Barack Obama, Jasmine Crockett, Gavin Newsom, Gretchen Whitmer, Joe Biden, they, when did they conduct this interview, this poll? He can't run. Well, you know, he can run, he can run. I don't know why anyone would, I'm, I'm saying like physically like, how could I say this politically?


He can run physically, he can't. That's what I meant to say. But yeah, Hillary Clinton's on this list. John Federman, he didn't even hit 1% there. He seems to be the only one, you know, with a little bit of common sense. I feel like he agrees with Republicans a little bit. Gavin Newsom is just pretending to agree with Republicans 'cause he's a slimy grease ball. But yeah, this is an interesting litmus test on where the Democrats are. Is a OC really their best shot? And would she be taking on maybe a Vice President JD Vance? Because based on his last debate performance, I, I don't think a OC would do well.


But here I I and I, maybe she's similar to Kamala Harris, but younger, but the same socialist radical ideals. But Don Lemon, former CNN host, he agrees with this assessment of this CNN poll. He was on Bill Marsh show. Watch this. People Love a OC, people love Jasmine Crockett. People love Eric Swalwell and the like, and I think that the Democratic Party should put the people out there who the people want. They should put the, the, the politicians out there who the people want, who they're asking for. I mean, I can agree with him to an extent, put out the people that the party wants.


But I, I can't wrap my head around why the Democrat party is gonna put their support behind these people. Jasmine Crocker is, you know, she's a newer face, a newer name. She made waves when she called Marjorie Taylor Greene, bad bilch, bleach blonde, bad built butch body. She's been known for these like fiery attacks and exchanges on the house floor. What, what did she say recently? She told Elon Musk to go F off. I mean, she's certainly not ladylike, she's certainly different. I mean, I'll, I'll give her that. She's young. So maybe Democrats are just, they're not gonna go the, you know, the old white man route with Gavin Newsom or, or anyone else.


Like maybe they are gonna go full steam ahead with a OC and, and Jasmine Crockett and maybe they'll make the same mistake that they did in choosing Kamala Harris. But Don Lemon wasn't done going full libtard. Here he is. You might remember during Biden's, this was during 2020 campaign, he said, if you're voting for Trump, you ain't black And Don Lemon I guess agrees. It's the same thing that I, when I see not all black Republicans, but I see a black MAGA person who is carrying Donald Trump's water and they know that he's lying. It is the shortest line to the front because I, if you're black and you are whatever, any, you're just in line with a bunch of other Democrats that are doing the same thing that, that you are doing.


But if you become a black MAGA person, it's like, whoa, let's book this person. Let's put 'em on television. So you don't be a sincere black MAGA person. No, I, no, I I just said, I, I don't think that I, I just said I, I think there can be sincere Republicans, but you can't be a sincere black Republican. I don't that you can, I don't think that you can be a rational maga be black and be a rational MAGA person. I think you can be black and be a Republican. I think they would find that very insulting. Well, I mean the truth is often insulting. The truth is often insulting. And the truth is, Don Lemon went full libtard. Like I said, again, the the concept of you ain't black, you have to be you, you ain't black.


If you vote for Trump, you ain't black. If you're Maga you can be black if you're a Republican. I, I'm trying to make sense of it. Maybe you all in the chat can help me. I don't know. But it just all stems back to this identity politics lunacy, where you have to be a certain way and vote a certain way and you have to be in a certain box. And it's insane. The Democrats will lose if they keep this up. I just reported yesterday the approve approval rating among Democrats is that 29%, it's the lowest that CNN has reported in the last 30 years.


I mean, keep it up, it's fine with me, but I was shocked by that. I don't know about all of you in the chat, but I was shocked. And I, and I welcome it. If you wanna put a OC out there and Jasmine Crockett out there, you do, you boo And we'll just watch the Democrat party collapse fine by us, especially if JD Vance is in charge. And then we have Scott Presler who absolutely runs the ground game in all these swing states. I mean, Scott Presler has done so much good with the Republican National Committee. If we have JD Vance fundraising and Scott Presler changing hearts and minds of voters on the ground in key states, I, I don't see how we don't win again and again and again.


Especially because the Democrats are in complete disarray. I can't imagine a JD Vance not beating an A OC or whoever else they decide to put up there. Anyway, you know what time it is. It's time to start scrolling. My first video is unfortunately, oh no, actually I have a funny one for you. First, this is comedian Samuel Jacob, making fun of the Democrat's hypocrisy while we're on the topic. Polish Slavery. Well then who's gonna pick our crops? Deport the illegals? Then who's gonna pick our crops? This Lincoln guy is destroying our country ending slavery. I think he needs to go.


This Donald Trump guy is destroying our country, sending all our voters back to Mexico. I think he needs to go a public education system. Well, that's a terrible idea. What a stupid waste of money that would be. We need to be pouring no, create a tsunami of funding for our public education system. It's one of our best ways to the minds of children. The best ways to the minds of children. I just thought that that was so funny. He, I didn't wanna play the entire video for, you know, copyright purposes. Like if you wanna see the full video, go follow Samuel Jacob. I just thought he's, he's very funny. He does a lot of videos like that too. So he's a good follow. But he also made fun of Pocahontas Elizabeth Warren saying, you know, you know the Native Americans like, we'll give you casinos.


And then he's like, you know, don't call me poca Pocahontas. Like that's insulting. So it's just, he's very funny. But now we are going to, I'm going to introduce to you a trans influencer named Lily Tino. I don't know what his name was before he was Lily Tino. So we're just going with it. Everyone on the internet knows him as Lily Tino. And he posted this video of his facial feminization surgery. Apparently this is supposed to be like a before and after we can play this. So he's looking manly with long red hair. But then this is, you know, post-surgery, he's showing his face.


This is supposed to be like a day by day, kind of like a timeline of how his face is supposedly getting more feminine and I'm not seeing a difference. Does anyone, anyone in the chat, Anyone in the chat seeing a difference? This is 35 days after his facial feminization surgery. Still looks like a dude with long hair to me, I don't know. But Lily Tino has been known to make very inflammatory videos on the internet. I'm sure a lot of, if anyone in the chat or anyone listening has young children or you have young grandchildren, I'm sure you, you've heard of Ms.


Rachel. Ms. Rachel is some parents probably best friend. She's gone, a little woke. But you know, miss Rachel, she's very bubbly and happy and she makes videos about, you know, you know all the learning blocks that you know, all the milestones that your baby is supposed to hit talking about, you know, colors and shapes and whatever else. So Lily Tino is trying to do his best, miss Rachel impression, except he's just indoctrinating kids. So watch this. Hi friends. Today we're gonna talk about something super important, what it means to be transgender. It's a big word, but I promise that it's easy to understand, ready to learn.


The first thing I want you to do is close your eyes. Now think, do you feel like a boy, a girl, or a little bit of both? Do you have your answer? Great. Now I want you to imagine that everyone keeps telling you that you're something else. Even though in your heart you know who you are, wouldn't that make you sad inside people who feel like this are transgender. So I, I'm not sure, first of all, there are no babies or very young children. I don't think watching TikTok or have their own TikTok account. So maybe parents are watching this. But if you're speaking to kids and asking them, you know, close your eyes and do you feel like a boy?


Do you feel like a girl? We should not be asking children that question. We should be raising children based on their biological sex and that's it. There's really no other option. The option is do what the science says and that's it. We're not, we're not grooming children, which is what this is. So he's not only trying to indoctrinate children, but he's also trying to maybe influence parents to trans their kids. So this is just a little taste of who Lily Tino is. Not only this, but he also goes to restaurants and he'll sit at the table and he'll put his phone up and he records himself eating at restaurants and a lot of times he's alone.


And he'll film the waiter coming over to him saying like, hi sir. Or Hey guys, can I get your order? And he freaks out about being misgendered. And I found this video hilarious because this was another talker reacting to one of Lily Tino's misgender crash outs. Watch this. I have been misgendered three times in the past 24 hours at rest. Sir, don't worry, we've got you sir. Have you ever seen such a convenient LED sign? Just put in batteries and light 'em up all with a single plug. We can do different colors and fonts and you can take it anywhere you want. Shipping takes only five to seven days to most countries. If you wanna know more details about it, contact our sales salesperson and our bio and follow lc sign.


So if you're listening and not watching, the man had a massive LED sign that said she slash her. So maybe Lily can use this massive sign and wear it around his neck when he goes and sits down at these restaurants and then nobody will misgender him. But it's, it's interesting because it's not just normal people who are, you know, fixated with this Lily Tino person. But here's a another trans man. So a woman reacting to Lily Tino. I never understood the whole pronoun thing or why people think it was okay to push their agenda to we believe.


So that was a trans person saying me every time I see a Lily Tino video taking down the trans flag in their apartment and throwing out Testo gel, I don't wanna know what testo gel is. I'm assuming it's a gel that increases your testosterone, but it's neither here nor there. I wasn't gonna Google it. So There you go. So now I am done scarring you with trans videos. I am going to end the show with funny puppy videos. There is a viewer named Vanessa, I think we connected on Instagram and she was telling me about her new dog and I said, I'm actually gonna have puppy videos on the show.


I told her it was yesterday, but it's today. So Vanessa, these go out to you. The first one is a puppy or a dog that is very scary looking. I feel like people on the internet and this is no hate, no shade to people who have doodles. I think they're very cute. I have a lot of friends who have doodles and I love them. They're so sweet. But this one is particularly scary looking. It has like different size eyes, different color eyes and there's like black holes around them. Play the tape. Hey, Hey, hey. Ooh, you wanna play that again? I feel like people didn't get a good look at just how scary this dog is.


So the dog is smiling but it looks a little angry and a little scary. We could leave this up while I read the comments. 'cause here are the comments. Someone said, you sleep knowing that thing is in your house. Someone said, do you call animal control or the Vatican for this? I feel like I would maybe call both check for a zipper OMG. That is, there's an ongoing joke on the internet that doodles because they have maybe human looking eyes that check for a zipper. It might be like a human in a dog suit. And then someone said the power of Christ compels you.


So I don't know, what do you guys think about this dog? They do have like, do you remember, I haven't seen this in a while, but back in like 20 15, 20 16, it was like they had these competitions for like ugliest dog and I always felt so bad. I'm like, dogs really aren't ugly. And I mean some of them weren't like the cutest, but I feel like, I don't know, it makes me sad. Anyway, I do have two cute puppy videos as a palate cleanser for you. Looks like someone said looks like Lily Tino in the chat. Who is that? Harry Hugh Johnson. Looks like Nancy Pelosi.


Ah, Guys, you're making me laugh. Yeah, I mean it's not the cutest duck I've ever Seen, But here is a very cute puppy with a stick. Here's the pallet cleanser. So this, if you're listening, this is a very small dachshund carrying a stick that is likely four times its size. Very, very cute. He's waiting to cross the street. He is got his big stick. I swear if I saw this, I it would just make my entire day. I think this. This is so cute. Look at him. Go. He's running so fast with it. He's so proud. And if you thought that I couldn't do you one better, I found an even bigger dog carrying an even bigger stick.


So we can watch that one Buddy. We cannot bring this home. We cannot. It's Like a whole dang tree. Anyway, those are all the funny videos that I have for you tonight. Thank you for scrolling along with me. I so appreciate everyone in the live chat. You are so fun. You made me laugh today, so I appreciate that. Make sure that you are subscribing on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, whatever your favorite podcast platform is. And of course you can watch the show live right here on rumble rumble.com/haley will redirect you to the Bonino Report channel where you can watch the videos along with me. I highly recommend that viewing experience. But I'll see you right back here tomorrow.