
Hello everyone. Welcome into another episode of Nightly Scroll. I'm Hayley Caria. I've got a big show on deck for you. Also, my first remote guest, MAGA Maha. It doesn't matter what Trump affiliated slogan you choose to wear, it seems it's inevitable that when you do choose to wear one of these iconic red hats or black hats or white hats in public, you're sure to get noticed. Whether that's for the better or worse, usually it's the worse. And I've got a very special guest on deck who wore a Maha hat to the gym, Make America Healthy Again, and was berated by a spin instructor at the gym. You won't believe what ensued.


She will join me in just a bit. I'm very excited for that. The JFK files have been released and they are triggering his liberal grandson. I will show you all the videos, all that, and so much more on Nightly Scroll. Before I get into the show tonight, I do wanna remind you that you can subscribe to this show on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. If you don't wanna watch the show and you wanna listen, that is an option. But of course, if you wanna watch the show live, you can right here on rumble rumble.com/haley, we'll bring you to the Bonino Report channel where you can find my show and Avitas show.


Very exciting. But, so I wanted to bring up Dropkick Murphy's. So Dropkick Murphy's is a Celtic rock band from the Massachusetts Boston area. Very popular. And I really only know them for their song. I'm shipping up to Boston. It's very popular, especially around St. Patrick's Day. So you can let me know in the chat if you know what I'm talking about, but it's dun dun. I mean, you're not gonna want me to sing it, but Michael did tell me that this story has actually ruined Dropkick Murphy's for me because he listens to it at the gym multiple times a workout. That is very true. And now I can't, I have to find something new to listen to.


Wow, okay, so that's just a little teaser. So we're, we're upset at Dropkick Murphy's. Why is that? Well, they had a concert on St. Patrick's Day and the one of the band members was on stage. He went absolutely crazy pointing out a member of the crowd who was wearing a MAGA hat. It was a white MAGA hat. And he absolutely went off. Watch this Shiny red that they all wear, and I think it's dye in their brains. You got the black on black Elon Musk, true Nazi edition. And then my man here, he's getting ready for summer with a nice white, white one are no bro.


Listen, I admire your dedication, but I will ask everyone, if you're in a room full of people and you wanna know who's in a cult, how do you know who's in a cult? They've been holding up a fucking hat the whole night to represent a president. This is America. There's no kings here. Anyway, anyway, did you mind, sir? We're gonna, we're gonna play a song about our grandparents and people who like fought Nazis in the war, you know? So if you could just shut the up for five minutes, All. So just that little clip there.


You can see how unhinged this person is. Totally unhinged. He said something in the beginning, I think it might've gotten cut off there, but he said, you know, they're red hats. They're red maga hats, they're Kami Chinese red. And he says that I think that it seeped into their brains. So I don't know where he jumped ship and thought, you know, conservatives or the Commies. 'cause we're definitely not, the red hasn't seeped into our brains. We're not Commies. He also called Elon Musk a Nazi. Again, if you wear the black MAGA hat according to Drop Kick Murphy's, you are a Nazi. Just like Elon. You are a cult member if you wear a MAGA hat to a concert, this is where we are in this country.


And I'm sorry to Michael for ruining the band for him, but it, it is kind of shocking to see the response at the concert. I mean, everyone was cheering like the Cheers coming outta the crowd. You know, he's waving his MAGA hat around and I appreciate his, you know, his, the balls I'll say to do that, especially with the entire crowd, you know, jeering at him and not for nothing, but the, the band member who's standing up on the stage feeling very high and mighty, I, I give him credit for doing that. But then of course he's called a cult member. And this is just, just part of the story.


So the account for Dropkick Murphy's, the band on X was suspended. It's interesting because they, this was after this incident, but the band member, one of the band members came out, this is the, the lead singer, Ken Casey. He wanted to set the record straight and say that no X did not, X did not ban them. They were the ones that broke up with X. Okay? It's not, you know, it's not us, it's him. This is what they were trying to say. So he said, we broke up with him first. We quit Twitter in 2022 when he was only half a Nazi.


He said, then he said someone else took our handle pretending to be our official account. So we filed a legal complaint to put a stop to that, which is why at Dropkick Murphy's Shows is suspended. But they said they didn't wanna be a part of Elon Musk's empire, and if the account was still on there, he said that Elon Musk probably would've suspended them by now, which Elon Musk has been known for restoring the accounts of people who have been suspended by Twitter 1.0. So I don't think that he would do that. He's definitely a proponent of free speech and thank goodness. But speaking of Elon, he had a conversation with Joe Rogan on the Joe Rogan experience, just about how triggering MAGA hats can be for the left.


Watch this Look. I mean, and like San Francisco, you, you, you could shoot heroin while taking a dump on the mayor's car in front of City Hall. Okay? And, and that, and nothing would happen to you, but I, if you walk down the street with a Mac hat, you're gonna get attacked. Yeah, it's insane. Yeah, It's insane. What's also so Orwellian that a hat that says Make America great again Yeah. Would cause people to have a violent reaction. Like, aren't you American? Wouldn't just, just as a, a whole like the saying, wouldn't that be a good thing for everyone? Make America great again?


Yes. But because it's attached to Donald Trump and that red Hat, you'll get maced for wearing that red hat, they will make America worse by beating you. So it's like, it's an evil thing. They're doing a violent assault in America because you wanna make America great again. It's true, it's crazy. And Elon Musk, I mean, it's funny he made this joke like, you can take a dump on the mayor's lawn and, and be okay, but you know, God forbid you wear a MAGA hat in public, it's just, you're, it's open season apparently for the left to come attack you or mace you or worse, I mean, this is not uncommon and certainly not uncommon.


I was scrolling through X and I saw a post about, and I, we'll throw up this headline from the Durango Herald here, the police are investigating now a confrontation over Maha hat at Durango Recreation Center. So Maha again is Make America Healthy Again. And while I was scrolling on XI saw the full story. This is Colorado Girl, 73 on x said I was verbally and physically accosted from my hat, minding my own business, working out Unhinged man came up to me verbally accosted at me, screaming at me four inches from my face, calling me every name in the book F-ing b and then hit my hat twice.


So I saw this and I thought, well, my first instinct is, wow, I hope she's okay. That's such a crazy thing to have to go through. Just going to the gym, you're wearing a Make America Healthy Again hat. I can't imagine why that would trigger anyone going to the gym, but apparently it did. And I reached out to Colorado Girls 73 right away. 'cause I wanted to have her on the show. I am going to be calling her that from now on. She doesn't want me to use her full name. A local paper has already doxed her and outed her name, but she doesn't want her name to get out there for, so for security reasons, I will be calling her that for the entirety of the interview. But Colorado girl, welcome to the show.


Thank you for coming on and telling your side of the story. Thank you so much for reaching out and inviting me. Yeah, of course. So it, it's an interesting story. I wanna know, first and foremost, you wear this Make America Healthy Again hat what about it? What about that movement spoke to you? Yeah, that's a great point and, and one thing I wanna take, I want to mention is I've been wearing this hat since July the first assassination attempt on Trump. And I did it for a couple reasons because if we're to the point that we can't even have conversations anymore and they try to assassinate now President Trump, like we need to start exposing that there's other, there are other political beliefs in your area, in your, you know, in your community.


So I started wearing it in July. Nobody's ever said anything to my face. I'm not an instigator. I go, I do my workout, I'm nice, I'm friendly. People work in no problem. Plenty of dirty looks, plenty of Snickers, but nobody has ever said anything to my face. So I am passionate about Make America Healthy Again because I believe the combination of Secretary Kennedy and President Trump is the change disruptors we need to massively overall our healthcare system. I was diagnosed with breast cancer last month and I had a lumpectomy. This was literally my first workout after having surgery. And when you get the cancer diagnosis, you go into fight mode. Yeah. And I, I had been in fight mode, like I need to kick cancers.


And so this was my first workout to like, you know, kind of this surgeon cleared me, like unwind clear my head. Like okay, this is normal. Like I usually come to the gym. I did not know it was gonna be special in a very different way. Right. I mean it's, it's unfortunate because this is supposed to be kind of symbolic of you. You did fight the cancer, you did get that, that notice that you're clear from your doctor. It's such an amazing thing. You're supposed to be celebrating your healthy body and you know, there's nothing triggering about Make America Healthy Again. But it's triggering to people on the left because it's associated with RFK Junior and by association Trump.


So I wanna, you know, did you wear it, you started wearing this hat after July 13th and and I commend you for that. Do you wear it to the gym often? Every day. Every time I work out. Okay. Do you wear it anywhere else? Just the gym. I don't wear it when I go out to eat. I don't blame you. I don't blame you. You don't want any spit in your food or anything worse. So I, I understand. Yes. So yeah, I do wear it around town sometimes I have to, I mean I'm, it's Durango, it's a liberal state, it's a liberal city. I have to be in the mindset like, yep, somebody's probably gonna say something, ignore 'em. But if I just wanna run into a store real quick and not have any hassles, then I probably won't wear it.


Yeah, okay, that makes sense. So you've worn this hat to the gym every single day. You mentioned the be in the beginning that you got some dirty looks and things like that. But tell me about this man that walked up to you and started this confrontation. Had you seen him before? We actually had a conversation before and he was wearing an Oregon Brew Microbrewery t-shirt. My parents are from Oregon. I'm like, oh, my parents are from Oregon trying to chi chat with him. I knew he hated my hat, but I was friendly and it was a cordial conversation and we, you know, exchanged niceties for like a minute and we, he walked away and that was it. You know, nothing on nothing more of it. So yeah. So I have met him before.


What was your other question? Well, and you were wearing the, the Make America Healthy Again hat when you, when you saw him? Yes. Yeah. Okay. So I wear, Yeah. So he didn't have a problem or he maybe internally had a problem with it, but he never said anything to you about it before? Nobody has ever said a word to my face, nobody since July 13th. Wow. Okay. So tell me about this first incident then where it got escalated. Yes. So I am at the gym, it's like an open window. I'm leaning in it. On the other side is the track. You can walk around. On the inside is where most people stretch. So he's on the track side and I'm leaning forward and I have pretty good situational awareness. I'm actually a veteran. Like I always know my surroundings.


This guy came outta nowhere and I mean like boom, four inches from my face. And he wasn't just yelling like, I don't like your hat lady. It was rage screaming You out the door rush shot. I mean it was crazy. Wow. And they would back up and puff up and be like, and then come back in. Like, this was not a normal, I don't like your hat. It was insane. I feel like most people would say like, I hate your hat. Or like, take your hat off. They would say something like a snide comment here and there, but to get in your face like that, I mean that's scary. It is. It is. And I stood my ground and I'm like, okay, here we go. I guess this is what I'm doing today.


And gave it right back at him. And maybe that made him matter because he thought I was gonna go cry in the fetal position. I'm not sure. Right. But no, I was like, no, Trump's not a racist. No, I'm not an insurrectionist. No I don't love Putin. And I'm yelling at him. I'm not cussing. I'm proud of myself for not cussing. Thank you Lord. Mouth clean. So yeah, it was, it was intense. It wasn't just, he didn't like my hat and he like yelled at me. Wow. Okay. So your response was to give it right back to him and stand up for yourself, stand your ground. Was the gym crowded at this point? Did anyone else see this man berating you? You know, I was in such a mode of like fight mode, I guess, or defense mode.


And a lot of people work out with the air pods on. Right, right. Maybe, maybe didn't hear it. So there were some people around me, nobody came to my defense. Again, I'll try to give 'em the benefit of the doubt they had their AirPods on. But when it, when that area, when that, when the confrontation kind of ended on that area, and I can't remember who left first, but we both kind of went our separate ways at first. And then as he, he may have walked by first and that's when the two people clapped. And one of 'em I believe is a spin instructor. And then the other one is a, an old older woman and they clap for him. Oh wow. And I turned around. So someone, so a contractor who worked at the gym as a spin instructor got himself involved by basically cheering on the man who was attacking you.


Yes. I don't know his employment status. I don dunno if he's 10 99 or W2, but yes, he does teach a spring class. Yeah, he clapped. I turned around so fast like you cla from men that hit women and he was like, oh, I don't think they expect me to turn around. And I was just like, oh my God. But at this point, nobody's coming to my defense. People are clapping, there's an unhinged liberal and I go to two good Samaritans who came to my aid. And I, I wish I hadn't at this point. I wish I would've just had the forethought to go downstairs to the front desk. I didn't, I, you know, I knew they would defend me 'cause they were men and they did. So at what point did the gym get involved and when, how did the gym respond to this altercation?


Well, so when we, when I first went to one of the gentlemen to help me, the guy followed me and then called him an effing thug screamed scream rage. Yeah. So that set that in motion. Then he actually, I believe is the one that went down to the front desk and got somebody, she called the police. She came up the, the manager at the rec center that day and she was on the stairs. I was very upset because she said to the man who assaulted me, I'm so sorry for this. Ah, okay. So immediately you feel like the gym is taking sides. I I just wanna pause you quickly.


Jam jam to MTV and the live chat said, I think this lady needs to move from that city. Do you think you'll ever move from Durango, Colorado? Oh no. It's so beautiful and I love to hike and ski and I'm an outdoor girl, you know, and I want clean air and clean water like the rest of the world. Yeah. Liberals think they just own that. But we love, we want it too. And clean food. Why I love, I didn't Milky Movement. Yeah. I didn't mean to interrupt you there, but I just wanted to get that question in from the chat. I love interacting with the live chat. So if anyone else has good questions, just ma send them my way and I'll, I'll I'll ask as well. But so the gym responded by immediately taking his side, not yours.


So did they ever ask if you were okay after he, you know, almost tr flipped your hat twice? Yeah, so I'm trying to give her the benefit of the doubt and what her mindset was. And she knew a little bit more history about some of the people involved than I did. And she called the police and they were trained to deescalate and step away. Got it. So I will give her the benefit of the doubt for that part. But after the police came and they had control of the situation, she never came up to me. She never said, I'm so sorry, are you okay? Like, you know, even woman to woman. So I'm still disappointed in that. But yes, the rec center did call me on Monday and I expressed my, my views on that.


And they are striving to ensure that the rec center is a safe environment for everybody. And I will give 'em credit that they strongly believe this is a public gym and everybody should feel safe no matter their background. Views, opinions, thoughts, political views. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So they are working on doing that. Okay, good. And once the police are there, I'm assuming that there are gym goers now paying attention, saying, you know, what the heck is going on. So at that point, did anyone else at the gym come up to you and, and say anything? Yes. Actually, now I remember, yes, about five people came up to me. Three ladies, one lady gave me a big hug. Everybody was supportive, a guy. And one lady came up to me and said, I can't stand Trump.


But what that man did, he had no right. Wow. Yes. I mean, that's the humanity that we like to see. I mean, it shouldn't be bipartisan. It, it should be, you know, men attacking women or yelling at women and getting into their faces. I mean, we should be against this no matter what. Exactly. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's interesting to see how they act. It's just, it's sad. Do you, do you have any, do you have any reasoning for why he was so hateful or, or anything like that? Well, I don't, other than, I mean, Durango there, there's a lot of people that are unhinged.


I have democrat friends. We don't talk about politics. Maybe sometimes we do. But I sent you a, a text of a screenshot of a woman that's a, a liberal woman in the area that said, well he could have raped her, but he didn't. So we're supposed to be okay that he yelled in your face four inches from your face because it could have been worse. So we're we're, well She, yeah, she was equating that Trump was accused of sexual assault and therefore I deserved it. I des I could have deserved to be raped was what she was implying. And That's the tolerant left for you. It's, it's interesting because I try, when there's situations like this that are very heated and very divisive, I try to put the shoe on the other foot.


And I think to myself, if the shoe were on the other foot and I saw someone wearing a Harris Walls hat, which I've never seen in my life, so maybe that's a bad example, but I would never go up to them and berate them and try to get, to change their mind. I mean, what purpose would would I have for trying to give them a piece of my mind? They have their mind made up. They're allowed to vote for whoever they want. They're allowed to be as liberal as they want. Why would I waste any of my, my peace trying to start a confrontation? So I don't know why the left is so confrontational.


Absolutely. I mean this is a progressive area. So they wear the progressive trans flags. They wear the Ruth Bader Gins Pro Ruth Bader Ginsburg, lots of pro-choice. I never say anything to them. I wouldn't dream of it. They have the right to wear that. Of course lots of Biden Harris. Right. But they have, they absolutely have the right to wear that and peacefully wear it respectfully. And I would give that to them and I would expect the same back from me. Wow. So will you go back to the gym or are you gonna take your business elsewhere? I already have. I went back to the gym yesterday morning. Okay, good. So, and the gym is launching an investigation into what happened as well as the local police.


So yes. You know, are you thinking twice about wearing the MAGA hat or the ma the Maha hat? You're still gonna go to the gym, double down, wear the hat. I told both the police chief and the rec center, I will continue to wear it. I'm not wearing it to instigate, I'm wearing it because I passionately believe in making America healthy again. One, not just my breast cancer. I, I am so healthy and crunchy. I would make a hippie blush. Like I'm that person. I'm that annoying healthy front. Like I throw the stats at them. So I mean, it is something I genuinely believe in. So no, I, and also you can't back down just because something happened then, then they win all over again.


Yeah. So I, I let them know and they, both, both the police department and the rec center said you have every right to wear that hat and you have every right to feel safe while you're wearing that hat. It is not obscenity, it doesn't violate the first amendment. So they understood my stance on that and backed me up. And yes, they, the rec center's doing a full investigation as well as the police. They're taking this serious seriously. So the local media had picked this up and you had told me that you didn't want me to say your name, so I'm not going to, but unfortunately a local newspaper did end up, you know, putting your name out there and kind of painting you as the instigator.


So what is the local mainstream media said? Yes. So they scoured my social media looking for any post in which they can imply that I deserve this. And I did one time wear a post row generation t-shirt to the gym and I tweeted that I wore this today, got some apoplectic looks or something like that. And I loved it. I didn't love it necessarily for the apoplectic looks. I loved it that we need to have other views around each other. You know, other people need to realize there are people in your community that don't think like you. And that's okay. We can all get along peacefully. Right. That's why I loved it, was it made them think outside their box, outside of their bubble, outside of their tribalism.


Outside of their cult. Right. You know, so I pushed that a little bit. Yeah, he did not, you know, The article did said nothing about the guy who assaulted me. So no hi job on him. You know, it did not talk about the woman who said I should have been raped, which I consider a dog whistle. You know, like, let's tone down the violent threats. Yeah. Well the left is, they're obsessed with incitement to violence and it's, you know, it's justified whenever they feel like, well it's good fits for a good cause. So if the cause is yelling at a lady in a Maha hat, then the violence is justified. If it's, you know, throwing Molotov cocktails at Elon Musk's dealership that a Tesla dealership, it's justified because they, and this is why I think the left is so emboldened, it's because their point of view has been reinforced to them by the mainstream media, by higher learning institutions.


They feel like they are right because they are told over and over again that they are Right. So then they feel like they have the right to go up to you and tell you that you're wrong because you think differently than them. And it's just because they have, you know, the left has this stranglehold on the media and, and other institutions and on culture. And it just seems like they're, they're so obsessed with letting us know that they're right and we're wrong. Exactly. And no other opinions are allowed Or viewpoint. Right. Of course. Of course. So I want to end this interview on a happy note. What is your message to other MAGA or Maha members of the community who might be, maybe they see a story like yours and they think oof, like, I'm gonna think twice about wearing my MAGA hat.


I don't wanna do this, but you're brave enough to double down. So what do you say to them? Wear it. We have to wear it. We have to know that we have a diverse community and diversity means there's political views you might not like or agree with and we need to stand strong together. Yeah. Be tolerant of each other's views. Absolutely. Well, you're very brave for doing so. I'm glad that you are cancer free. Thank you. Go work out with that Maha hat on let's Make America Healthy Again. Amen. Thank you so much. Thank you for being here. I do wanna say, I reached out to the Durango police chief, his name is Bryce Current. He gave us a statement, it was very long, the statement is very long.


But I do want to let you know that in part they said that they wanna make it absolutely clear that everyone has the right to feel safe. Whether they're walking down the street at work or simply working out at the gym. It is at the very core of their mission. No one should ever be targeted, harassed, or made to feel unsafe, especially for expressing themselves respectfully. They're aware of the incident, they are investigating the incident, like I said, as well as the rec center. They are also investigating the situation. And as Colorado girl says they are, they are, they're doing the best that they can. She is giving them the benefit of the doubt. She has also gone back to the gym. So it seems like the situation for now is on the up and up.


The police are actively investigating the, in the incident, taking it very seriously. They're gonna be going over the security footage speaking with witnesses. And they ended here saying, the freedom of expression is a fundamental right. And we will not tolerate attempts to silence or intimidate others through aggression. So kind of a happy ending to that story. Right? I'm, I'm very proud of, of Colorado Girl 73 who happens to be a veteran as well. So I wanna thank her for her service to this nation. And also, I mean, everyone, you gotta listen to what she says at the end. Wear those MAGA hats. Be proud about it. You know, if, if liberals get to wear masks alone in their car and let everyone know who they voted for, we can do the same.


Okay. I hope you all like that interview, but I do have some headlines to get to as well. The JFK files have been released and I will say we like the way that this release played out. It was released on a government platform on the website at 7:00 PM Eastern Time. It was available to everyone all at once. It wasn't gate kept, you know, to a certain amount of very select few influencers with binders and it wasn't a whole mess. So we love to see that. I didn't like how the Epstein files were released in that way. I went off on x I'm not gonna rehash that, but that was not the way that cases like this of this caliber should be handled.


And of course, with the assassination of a president, this deserves the utmost respect and it needs to be done the right way. So I'm, I'm happy that it was done the right way. But interesting, there were, there were a lot of fake stuff getting spread on on X and I saw a lot of things that, you know, grok was trying to, that's the, the AI as part of x grok was trying to decipher some of the photos. I couldn't even understand half of them. They're like photocopied a bajillion times since the sixties. So very, very hard to to read. But some of the ones that I did read, and I'll, I'll show this. This is a story or a document related to intelligence agent Gary Underhill.


It's interesting, it said the day after the assassination, Gary Underhill left Washington in a hurry. Late in the evening, he showed up at the home of friends in New Jersey. He was very agitated, a small clique within the CIA was responsible for the assassination. He confided and he was afraid for his life and probably would have to leave the country less than six months later. Underhill was found shot to death in his Washington apartment. The coroner ruled it a suicide. Where have we heard something like that before? Anyone Hillary? Anyone in the chat Anyway, when the government rules it a suicide, sometimes I have to think to myself like, okay, well was it a suicide or was it something else?


Maybe the government's trying to cover up for something. I don't know. But I found that that document was interesting because what JFK was really trying to do in the months and, you know, leading up to his assassination was uncover corruption in the government. He wanted to decimate the CIA, he wanted to, and I don't wanna botch this quote, but he said something like, obliterate the CIA and you know, basically I wanted to like throw away in the wind. Like I I want it to be gone forever. And it's interesting 'cause when you pose a threat to the government like that, it turns out not so good for you sometimes.


And someone who has been extremely, extremely just upset and triggered over the release of these JFK files is JFK's own grandson Jack Schlossberg. So Jack Schlossberg has just been totally like unhinged online over this. He posted this on x President Trump is obsessed with my grandfather, but not in his life or what he achieved in it. No, just like RFK Jr real Donald Trump is only interested in JFK's carcass. I do not believe that. I know that there has been a huge rift in the Kennedy family.


It's basically all of the Kennedys versus RFK Junior. So they don't like him very much. It doesn't surprise me that Jack Schlossberg is anti RFK junior. You know, when he ran for president originally, they all had to come out against him. No, no, no, we don't like him, et cetera. We think he's a lunatic with the vaccine stuff. And you know, they were integral in trying to take down his election campaign. And when he teamed up with Donald Trump, I mean RFK Jr had a lot of support for what he was saying and especially because, you know, with, we just talked about this with Colorado girl, but making us healthy again should be something that we can all get behind.


It should blur the lines between the right and the left. I think everyone in this country Make America Healthy Again. Should be something that we can all get behind. You know, when I start reading, I mean this is like, it kind of like drips and drips. Like you, it's like first you start reading the, the, the nutrition facts on the foods you're getting and you're wondering, Hmm, I'm paying an arm and a leg for organic food. I'm at Whole Foods or wherever and you know, why is there xanthin gum in my organic hot sauce or in my ketchup or whatever it is. Then you start going down this rabbit hole like why is there red 40 in this and why is there chemicals in this?


And you know, what people are doing now is just either making their own food at home. I mean, sourdough is like the newest trend. Everyone on social media is making their own sourdough at home. People have their own chickens in their backyard. They wanna have their own eggs. And it's, it's no surprise, I mean, once you go down this rabbit hole and you realize what the FDA is doing, which is poisoning us, everyone gets red pilled. You know, everyone who goes on a trip, how many of you in the live chat have gone away on a trip to Europe? You're in Italy, you're eating, you know, you might have issues with your stomach here in the States, but then you're able to eat gluten and all the pizza and the pasta and you feel fine.


You're not bloated. You come back to the states and it's, it's another story. I mean, everyone's sick. The food is making us sick. It's just, again, it's this what RFK Jr was saying was not crazy, but the left was painting him to be a crazy person because it's against the government. It's against the FDA, it's against these three letter organizations that JFK was trying to abolish. Right? And speaking of the FDA, I mean they allow like trace amounts of rat poop and spider legs and whatever else in our food. Like it's absolutely disgusting. Like they're not doing anything to regulate and make us healthy or make us safe.


It is the absolute opposite. So I've been like totally red pilled on that. But back to Jess Jack Schlossberg very anti the release of the JFK files. He posted that on x saying that they only care about JFK's carcass, which is not true. The, the whole effort behind the release of these files is transparency. It's finding out what did the government know? When did they know it, what did they do? And it's less about what happened to JFK. Of course that's important, but it's what did the government do? How did the government government respond? Why did they hide this information for so long? And I understand like the assassination of a president, it's it's delicate topic, especially when it's your own grandfather.


I, I understand. But you know, for the good of the American people, we're not trying to rehash the assassination for any nefarious reasons. We're trying to find the truth. But here is Jack Schlossberg absolutely going off on Joe Rogan, assuming that Joe Rogan is gonna cover the J-F-K-J-F-K files on his show watch. Hey Joe Rogan, what's up you short? Are you gonna go through all the JFK assassination files tomorrow with your little butt buddy? Bobby, you better after you spread all those lies, you're not gonna go make sure that they're true.


How's the weather down there? This is giving unhinged to me. I, and I don't know if he was drinking at the time that he posted this, but, you know, calling him a short f and, and all this stuff. I mean, Michael pointed out to me earlier 'cause we were going through these videos and he was like, I wouldn't mess with Joe Rogan. Doesn't matter that he's short. I would not mess with Joe Rogan. And I agree. You know, calling him short is just so lame. And again, you know Joe Rogan, he has people on his podcast that he disagrees with, that he does agree with. They ask a lot of questions on the show. And it's not just Joe Rogan who has questions about what happened to JFK, this is what a lot of people want answers to.


So, you know, he's going off on Joe Rogan, but that's not all. He also took aim at CNN Listen to this, You're better than this. This is so fucking stupid. There's so much actual news going on. Why are you covering this? At least report that something happened. I love how you, Harry Anton, you're really smart. Why are you guys covering this? I love you Aaron Burnett, you're really smart. Why are you covering this? Why are you covering this stop? This is why this shit takes hold because you guys fucking cover it over and over and over again. Why is CNN covering this? 'cause? It's massive news. It's documents relating to the assassination of the United States President, one that is beloved by the American people.


And just a message for Jack Schlossberg, I don't know if you know this, but the Democrat party that JFK was a part of, he wouldn't even recognize the Democrat party today. JFK, his Democrat party is closer to where conservatives and Republicans are now than anything that a OC and Jasmine Crockett and Gavin Newsom, like anything that they're spewing, it is so far from JFK's mission. He was a civil rights activist. He, he did so much for the arts and all this stuff. And I agree, you know, Jack is pointing this out, but he is so much closer to, to, I'm laughing at someone in the chat hold that I'll get to in a second.


But JFK is so much closer to Trump than anything that Jack is talking about. And I I find that interesting. But someone in the chat, can you scroll over so I can see his name? I can't even read that. Eternal Nada says, is that Timo Hunter? Yeah. And he was breathing so heavily. Someone says he's messed up on drugs. Yeah, maybe he sounds like a maniac. Yeah. What is he worried about? Again? I mean, I can understand this is your grandfather and feeling sensitive about it, but I don't know, again, in the name of transparency, I think that this is something everyone can get behind.


No. Anyway, we have something special for you tonight. I have a new little video that we're gonna play when we get into my scrolling segment. So you know what time it is, everyone. It is scrolling time. All right. How do you guys like that? I liked it. I think it's fun. So the first thing that I scrolled through today, I am going through my timeline and I saw that Governor Tim Walls, he's a manly man. Would you agree? Everyone in the chat? Very manly man. So he was on Gavin Newsom's podcast.


This is Gavin Newsom. So he's on the new podcast and they're talking about the topic of masculinity and how toxic it is. Masculinity is not toxic, by the way. I don't know what they're talking about. You know? Anyway, I'll play the clip. You can decide for yourself. But I think this notion of, I think it's this notion of toxicity in masculinity Yeah. Needs to be separated. And I think it's been conflated and I think we, we, we we're gonna have to work on that a little bit. And I think there's, look, there is a crisis. I Think some of us scare 'em. I think I scare 'em a little bit. That's why they spend so much time on this because No, I'm serious because I can fix a truck. They know I'm not bullshitting on this.


Yeah. But I'm not putting this in people's grill. I don't know if my identity is not hunting. My identity is not football coaching. My identity is not, you know, a beard and a truck. None of those things make you a man. I just wanna say, I don't care if you have a beard. It doesn't make you a man. There are people on the left who have beards and they wear dresses and they tell you that they're women. None of these things make you a man. Being an assistant high school football coach doesn't make you a man. And I guarantee you, all the real alpha men, all the patriots in the chat will tell you that they're not afraid of you. So you can let me know in the chat if anyone's afraid of Tim Walls. But I'm certainly not afraid of him.


I don't think that any real man would be afraid of him. But interestingly enough, we had a real man at one point, I guess Kaitlyn Jenner respond to this video on x. Kaitlyn Jenner responded and said, I'm more masculine than this clown governor Walls. So what do we Think about that? Is Caitlyn Jenner, formerly Olympian, Bruce Jenner more masculine than Tim Walls? I would agree. Even with all the hair and the, the, the surgeries and the dress. I mean, again, i, I keep saying this, but it, you can do whatever you want to your, your body to make you look a certain way.


It doesn't make you any less of a man. So I think Caitlyn Jenner probably is more manly than Tim Waltz. So that was funny. Then on the same topic, I of trans athletes, this is my segue from Bruce Jenner into this video. So Theo Vaughn, hilarious comedian, had other hilarious comedian, Shane Gillis on his podcast this past weekend. And they talked about the issue of men in women's sports. But here's what they, they should though on the tv, it should every now and then to say, have an a say, this is a man they need to start doing like Monday night football intros for every female sport.


Oh, so you can tell tell like that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, hi, I am Mary. I went to UCLA Frank Purdue. Oh yeah. He's like, oh, that's the, that's the one there. I wonder. He is got 48 points in the first act. Yeah. He is like Rick Women's College of Design Wesleyan. You're like, what? That, that, that gal See this would help. This would help, right? If they just told us that they were men, we would be like, oh, well that's why they're winning. Right? But not all men beat women.


We saw this, this is actually the third anniversary of Riley Gaines tying with Leah Thomas. Will Thomas, who is a UPenn swimmer. Riley Gaines was swimming for Kentucky at the time. This was three years ago, it seems like it was just yesterday. But Riley Gaines and Will Thomas, they tied in the NCAA division one championships in the 200 freestyle and get this today, the Trump administration paused $175 million in federal funding to the University of Pennsylvania for this reason. Serendipitous, I absolutely love to see this.


You know, we, we see this from the left all the time. They, people like Keith Berman and losers on the View, they talk about Riley Gaines and well, maybe she should have just been better to beat Will Thomas and all this stuff. Will Thomas was like 400th or fifth hundred, you know, just so far down in the rankings. And then transitioned to a woman the next year, came back for senior year, called himself Leah, and just, you know, was crushing the competition. And Riley Gaines is certainly an extraordinary swimmer to even tie with someone who's so much taller. I talk about this all the time, but the men have so many advantages physically.


So the fact that she even tied is just incredible. But to see the Trump administration following through on that campaign promise and also that executive order saying, we're not going to tolerate we men in women's sports. It's delusion. And any school that decides that they're gonna defy this is gonna lose federal funding. And we're, we're seeing that. So promises made, promises kept. We love to see it. I do have one last video for you. This, someone posted on X that they were watching Reruns of The Apprentice, and this was from the second season. Take a look at this. Look at that. Trump doing his dance the second season of Apprentice.


So he's been doing this for decades. People, this is the Trump dance. So on that note, we're gonna dance outta the show. Thank you so much for joining me tonight.


Make sure that you're subscribed on Spotify and Apple Podcasts. Make sure that you're catching the show live if you can here on Rumble rumble.com/haley. And I'll see you right back here tomorrow.