
Hello everyone. Welcome into another edition of Nightly Scroll. I'm Hayley Caria. Today was a very bittersweet day in the studio, a very, a very cool day, I'll say. Cool. It's, it's bittersweet. It's not just sad, it's sad, but it's happy to, I'll get to that in just a second. But definitely make sure that you're subscribing to this show on Apple Podcasts on Spotify. If you wanna watch here live on rumble rumble.com/haley, we'll direct you to the Bongino Report channel where you can find this show. I so, so appreciate everyone tuning in, and I know everyone joins me in this bittersweet feeling.


Dan is one of a kind, he is a larger than life radio personality, and he will be missed in this current capacity, right? Where he's not going away, but he's going away from us in the way that we're used to seeing and hearing from him. So it is a huge loss for this community that he's built and the Bino army. I, I know Dan keeps telling you that he's, he's got content for you and we're gonna try to deliver that. You know, I'll never be Dan, we'll never be Dan, but we do appreciate you all being there for us and sticking with us because this transition is, is a lot.


But it's, it's wonderful because I know that Dan is gonna be doing great things. He's a fierce patriot, and we have, and I have, you know, just, I have him in my prayers and I know he's gonna do great things for the country. So it's very exciting. But I've known Dan a long time and I started booking him on Fox. I know he's talked about this on his shows, but he's always been more than just a colleague. He was a mentor to me. I would ask him for career advice, you know, we trusted each other and, you know, I got to know him because I was booking him on Hannity and it was Tuesdays and Thursdays, and then that very quickly became Mondays and Tuesdays and Thursdays, and then some Wednesdays, and then guest hosts on Fridays.


And he quickly became a very beloved fixture of the show. And, you know, the staff, we all got to know him and love him as well. And, you know, I had confided in him at one point that I really did wanna have a podcast. And I told him that I had this vision. You know, there are young people in this conservative movement and they don't have an outlet or, you know, big companies don't have, you know, social media reporters. And this was kind of foreign back then. This was probably like 2017. And I had this idea for a show that would reach, you know, younger people, but also, you know, give a wide ranging audience, something to enjoy and laugh at.


And I, I told him this and he said, you know, I had had a lot of worries about starting a podcast because when you work at a big company like Fox, I mean, there are rules and regulations against doing something like this. You can't work for this company and then, you know, compete by creating content. So I was, I didn't know what to do. And I, I went to Dan for some advice and he gave me the don't ask for permission, ask for forgiveness advice, which I didn't end up taking because I was so nervous. I do pride myself on being a good employee. I don't like to get in trouble.


I like to get to work early and work really hard and work long hours. And I didn't wanna do anything that would jeopardize my standing in the company. And, you know, I, I loved working there and I'm so appreciative for that experience. So I, I didn't wanna like ruffle any feathers, so I didn't take Dan's advice, but, you know, years later, you know, he's given me this opportunity to live out my dream on his platform. So I am very, very grateful. With all that said, Thank you for giving me the opportunity and Thank you for giving me a chance and, and listening. So I appreciate it. I do. Before I start, wanna get into a quick update from the show.


Yesterday I told you about the astronauts, Butch Wilmore and Sonny Williams. They, the, they were the ones that went to the International Space Station. They were supposed to go for just eight days back in June. And unfortunately they've been there for nine months and Elon Musk has, you know, answered the call and has been working very hard to get these astronauts home. And a Falcon nine SpaceX rocket is scheduled to launch the crew 10 from NASA's Kennedy Space Center at seven 7:03 PM Eastern Time tonight. There were talks about it happening yesterday, but there were delays. And so it, it might happen tonight.


There's another backup opportunity tomorrow night. But there, if all goes well, and they are taking off tonight at 7:03 PM Eastern Time, they are going to get to the International Space Station or the Craft, and the crew 10 will get to the International Space Station on Saturday at 11:30 PM and fingers crossed, they should be back here returning off the coast of Florida on March 19th. So, fingers crossed, prayers up for the astronauts, hopefully they come home. But that is, that is just an update from the show. I want to get into what I have on deck for you tonight. Multiple right-wing influencers have been swatted.


It's not a funny prank, it is a waste of law enforcement resources. Plus I'm gonna get into the double standard of it all. Also, it turns out that Kamala Harris is quite the diva. It's gonna be a good show on this Friday night. Nightly Scroll starts now. Alright, you're probably wondering why I have this Burger King crown on. It's, although it's not a Burger King crown, it says Bongino army on it. If you can tell, it was a very exciting day in the studio today, we had a live studio audience for Dan's last radio show and podcast. Really, really bittersweet moment.


And Anita, Anita Groin in the chat, she brought these Burger, burger King Bonino army hats or crowns. 'cause this studio used to be a, a Burger King. But I'm going to take it off so you can hopefully take me seriously because this first story is serious. You probably all follow Cat turd, or at least you've heard of him on Twitter, right wing influencer and very, very popular. You can take a look at this tweet here that he put up last night, alerting everyone, his followers, that he was swatted, he was swatted for the fourth time. So if you don't know what swatting is, it's when, you know, if you Google the definition, they'll tell you that it's a prank.


It's more than a prank. It's disgusting. It's people calling law enforcement agents on certain people saying that they're committing a crime. And you know, these agents will knock down their door and it's a disgusting misuse of law enforcement energy and, and resources. But he said, I was just swatted again for the fourth time, and he lives in the middle of nowhere, but he knows all the cops here. And he said, you know, he knew immediate, the cops knew immediately what this threat was. And of course he, he cooperated with the police. But unfortunately it was not just cat turd.


A friend of mine, Sean s he was also swatted along with his wife, and he took to social media to talk about that. Look, Hey guys, it's Sean, my wife Brennan, and just wanted to give you guys an update. We did just get swatted here in Tennessee. The officer said they received a phone call that, that somebody murdered somebody in the house and was planning a suicide by cop. So I received the call with that information. We cooperated with police. They were very nice. They were, they were actually very nice, very, very nice. They were not aware that this was going on across the country. Was that, you know, what, how did you feel about that? What was, what was going through your head when you saw officers in the backyard with, with guns?


I was shaking. I, It's a horrible thing to do to someone, especially for no reason. It's not funny. And it didn't stop there. Social media influencer, Gunther Eagleman was also swatted radio show host Joe Pagliarulo. He was also swatted along with Infowars Chase geyser. It's disgusting how widespread this was. And like Sean said in his video, it was happening all over the country. Thankfully there's a new sheriff in town and the FBI director Cash Patel is investigating. He said this, weaponizing law enforcement against any American is not only morally reprehensible, but also in dangers lives, including those of our officers that will not be tolerated.


We are fully committed to working with local law enforcement to crack down on these crimes, thank goodness. But the left simply does not understand the difference between peaceful and violent. They'll lie to your face and tell you that a fiery protest is mostly peaceful. They either don't understand the difference between domestic terrorism and what is not, or they know the difference, but they choose to play dumb to push their agenda. And the agenda is to obviously take down Trump and to paint his inner circle and all of his supporters as evil. But as we've seen since 2020 and certainly in in recent days as well, is that this evil domestic terrorism is coming from the left.


We just saw this this week with Elon Musk and this past month, Elon Musk has become the latest target of the left. It's not just Trump. Now they're, they're coming for his inner circle. They're coming for the cabinet. And these leftists, they wanna take down Elon Musk and his brand and his cars. So they're not just stopping with Elon. They want to use an intimidation tactic to make sure that Americans don't want to be driving a Tesla. They don't wanna be going to the dealerships because leftists are firebombing them and throwing Molotov cocktails at charging stations and at dealerships. It, it reminds me of 2020 when leftist agitators burned cities down in the name of what?


Social justice, because George Floyd died. But you know, who isn't domestic terrorists concerned parents at school board meetings and, and pro-life activists. But the Biden administration, when they were in charge, they weaponized their DOJ not only against their political opponents like Trump as we know, but against civilians, American citizens making their voices heard. We saw this, I swear, the culture war craziness started with Loudoun County, Virginia. You probably remember this in 2020 where, you know, all these kids, they were going to zoom school, they were going to school, and they were all from home.


And thankfully parents got word of the woke indoctrination that was happening at the school. And parents started to get loud about it because not only that, but there was a transgender teen that was found guilty of sexual assault in a Loudoun County high school for assaulting a girl in the bathroom. This is all because the woke, the woke ideology that they were teaching at this school paved the way for this case to happen. And it wasn't just Loudoun County in Virginia, by the way, here's another headline from Oklahoma. Oklahoma, transgender student charged with assaulting female high school classmates in the bathroom. Here's another one from Wyoming, transgender Wyoming woman, convicted of sexually assaulting 10-year-old girl in bathroom.


Here's another one, another transgender student flashed four freshman girls in their locker room after a swim class in Wisconsin. So this is widespread. And of course the left loves to call these things right wing conspiracy theories. It's not a conspiracy theory, it was happening. Parents were concerned and they were making their voices heard at their school boards. But here's how the Biden administration reacted to that. Attorney General Merrick Garland put out a memo directing the FBI to investigate these parents and the parents' protests of their school boards.


It's insane. And the double standard doesn't stop there. Pro-life activists were arrested and sentenced to 11 years in prison over a peaceful protest outside of a crisis pregnancy center, I'm sorry, outside of a a, an abortion center. And the, the violence didn't stop there. So the peaceful pro-life activists are the ones facing 11 years in jail. And then here's what happened. Crisis pregnancy centers were firebombed by angry leftists. This is during the overturning of Roe versus Wade. And this is what they were doing to crisis pregnancy centers, the centers that help women who are pregnant or they fall pregnant and they're not ready, or these are the places that actually help women keep their babies and to preserve life.


It's just like, it's a huge double standard. And I, I know we've talked about the double standard a lot this week, but the left, we keep seeing violence from the left and then they always claim that we're inciting violence. And it's a big projection. The left has truly shown us their true colors quite a bit this week and in the last few weeks. And I'm just very happy that we have Donald Trump at the helm instead of Kamala Harris. I think we can all, we can all agree that we dodged a big bullet by not having Kamala Harris at the helm of this country. I can't really imagine her negotiating with Hamas terrorists or, or negotiating peace deals between Ukraine and and Russia.


I can't picture her doing that because I know, and I know all of you know, we watched her struggle through interviews with friendly liberal media outlets. If she could barely handle those, there's no way that she could handle these high pressure, high stress situations that are required of a commander in chief. But she's being accused of some diva behavior. Reagan Reese, who works for the daily caller, she reported on this. There's a new book out and apparently Harris's team became fixated on the height of her chair for any type of appearance. After all if, if she looked small in the first sit down interview.


So for the rest of the campaign, her team required that she be provided a chair that met certain specifications. Leg height, no less than 15 inches floor top of seat height, no less than 18.9 inches. Arms on the chairs may not be very high. Arms must fall at a natural height. Chairs must be firm. This is insane. You can't be making demands like this. You've got more important shit to do. Sorry, excuse my language, but it's wild. I can't get over these democrats. And you know, it's not just Kamala Harris that is throwing me for a loop.


The Democrats are, they're so self-entitled and they, they want all this attention. You know, there are a lot of Democrats that are coming out with new podcasts, or maybe they're not brand new, but they're new podcasts. And it just, it makes me wonder if there is really a market to hear these people. I think they're just having these podcasts so they can hear themselves speak. And, you know, I'll get into the politicians, but Meghan Markle, she had a very, she had a failed podcast. It was a 20 million Spotify deal and it was called Archetypes. And it, it was reported it, this, the podcast deal was a total flop and it was reported that she didn't even conduct her own interviews.


It was done by some staff members and then they, they would, they would dub her voice over it. And her new podcast is called Confessions of a Female Founder. That's the new podcast. So she already had the failed podcast where she didn't do any of the work herself. She had her staff Do it, and then she would dub over the questions. Now she is a new, that was called Archetype. Now this one's confessions of a female founder and a lot of people are already claiming that she's copying another podcast. There's another very popular podcast called Confessions of a CEO where they interview, you know, CEOs about what it's like to start this company from the beginning.


So this seems like it's gonna be very similar and you know, she was already accused of stealing work and basically phoning it in. And now here's her next podcast deal. And apparently she's phoning it into why there's a market for Meghan Markle. I have no idea, you know, she wants privacy. And then all of a sudden, you know, they bite the hand that feeds them AKA the royal family. Now they have no money. Now she's floundering with Prince Harry and I, I think they're just doing this for the money, but it's, you know, it's politicians too. Michelle Obama just started a podcast, just 25,000 views on her first two podcasts.


And I, I will say I know that this is a brand new podcast. I just started this here. I'm getting more views than that. We get more views than Michelle Obama. And I am a nobody compared to Michelle Obama. So it's weird. Again, is there a market for this? Gavin Newsom started a new podcast. It's called, this is Gavin Newsom. I think these people are just setting themselves up for 2028. Not Meghan Markle, but Michelle Obama and Gavin Newsom. It's the only, they're either setting theirselves up. Gavin Newsom's podcast is, you know, it's more, he's trying to find middle ground with conservatives and he's trying to position himself as some moderate who's willing to work with both, both sides.


Don't believe it. He's gaslighting you. He's a slimy liberal. He's ran the most beautiful state in this country, into the ground. He's not a moderate, he's a crazy left wing lunatic. He's a communist. That's who he is. And I think he's just doing this to set himself up for 2028. You know, as we know, Gavin thinks very, very highly of himself. And it was just reported that he commissioned his own bust. I mean, who commissions their own bust. But apparently this statue of Gavin Newsom is now in the San Francisco City Hall and it's, it's not even a good bust.


It's not good. I mean, if you didn't tell me that that was Gavin Newsom, I don't know if I would know that it was him. Do you guys remember? Was it Christiana? Christiano Ronaldo, yeah. Had like a really bad, like, it almost reminds me of that really, really bad. If you guys can pull up a photo of that, I think that would be funny. I mean, it doesn't really look like him. If you told me it was him, I'd be like, oh, okay. But not very good. I will note that it's typical for other mayors to have busts made. Yeah, I mean that doesn't even, that they could just replace them. I mean, they kind of look alike. No. Oh gosh, actually that one's worse. The g the Gavin Newsom one is better.


Oh my gosh, that's really bad. He looks totally deformed. Yeah, that was Christiano Ronaldo. But, okay, so Newsom's bust is better. But I, I will tell you, I I highly doubt that Ronaldo commissioned that bust of himself. I think someone else did it for you. So anyway, just very concerning. But another thing that's very concerning is all these airport, you know, issues, right? It started during the Biden administration, remember all the supply chain issues and all the shortages and outages and it, it was, it was horrible. And I feel like now we're seeing in the last few years, all these Boeings just falling apart.


It's very concerning. As a frequent air traveler, I don't have any flights booked as of now. The last flight that I took was to move here. And I don't wanna get on a flight anytime soon. Like I'm, I'm, I'm a nervous flyer even like I'm better now. But when I was really, really little, I used to like stop eating for like a week before I got on a flight. So, you know, my parents and anyone that I was going on a trip with, like, they wouldn't even tell me. They'd have to just like spring up like, oh, we're going on a trip so that I wouldn't have time to worry about it. I'm much better now and I, I fly more frequently now, but yeah, this makes me nervous. Am I the only one? So let's see what the, this was, this happened at the Denver Airport.


I mean, we've been seeing these collisions on the Tarmax and of course the one outside of DC last month, it was wild and tragic accident. And now this one, the flight, it was a Boeing 7 37 American Airlines, it departed from Colorado Springs and was quickly diverted to the Denver International Airport because they were reporting engine issues. Clearly doesn't look good. And thankfully they evacuated all the passengers, but a statement from the Denver International Airport said that 12 people were taken to the hospital with minor injuries. So we have to keep our eye on this.


I, I don't know why, I don't know what we can blame all these problems on. I know a lot of people joke about DEI and stuff, but I, I, I don't know, it's, it must be a bigger problem with the, the airplanes themselves. And I, I took American Airlines a few times this summer, always had issues. Either flight attendants didn't show up or there were maintenance required on the plane where they would, we would board and then they'd say, oh, we have maintenance problems, we have to get this checked before we can take off. Which is totally concerning when you're already on the plane and they tell you that there's something wrong with it and then you take off anyway. But that happened to be a handful of times just this summer.


So then I started flying Spirit because Spirit, they're air buses, they're not Boeings. So, and then I had no issues with spirit, so, and they're very cheap flights. By the way, one of these days this week I asked, I threw it out to the chat if there were any conspiracy theorists in the chat. And there are, so I'm in good company and I asked, what is your favorite conspiracy theory? And no one said the Denver International Airport. I was a little shocked. Have you guys heard of that? They're shaking their heads, they haven't heard it. Alright, so the Denver International Airport, I can't get into it all the way because it's, we'll go down a rabbit hole, but apparently there are underground tunnels.


It might be a portal, it might be run by the Freemasons. There's this crazy scary horse statue that they call Lucifer. I, I'm not gonna get into it. You could go down a rabbit hole yourselves if you're interested, but it is wild. And I'm like, hmm, it's no surprise that it happened at this airport. Bad juju. But I still have some fun. Yes, this is Lucifer. That's his name. Isn't that scary with the glowing red eyes? I'm like, why is this in the airport? It's not normal. What's more scary? That or Ronaldo's bust? I think probably Lucifer takes the cake there.


All the, I think Ronaldo's bust is also at an airport, right? Like in Portugal or something. Is It? I believe so, yeah. Oh gosh. Thi this artwork is just horrible. And I'm from New York and I, they just waste money on these art installations. They have the craziest stuff at LaGuardia Airport, like, it's like rain with music and lights. It's like, this is all unnecessary. You can keep your Lucifer horse, you can keep your, you know, rain stuff. It's all crazy and it's unnecessary in my opinion. But I've got a lot more videos for you. Natalie Reynolds is an influencer who has gone viral recently because she is a white woman. She has blonde hair and she wears box braids and it is making black women very uncomfortable and very angry.


Take a look at this. Do You think me wearing braids is cultural appropriation? Yes, definitely. Why do you feel that way? Honestly, because it's a hairstyle that black people created and it's offensive for you to have it on your head. How is it offensive when cultures were meant to be shared? No, not that one. That's a hairstyle that black people created. That's something that we should be only wearing. Not that one. So Then shouldn't you not be wearing wigs? I could wear whatever the fuck I wanna wear. The fuck, So then I can wear what I wanna wear. No, you can't. That's a black hairstyle. Why? This is what we call a double standard happening in real time. And the woman, you know, the black woman has just, she can't see it. Of course Natalie Reynolds pointing out to her, well, if you can wear what you wanna wear, why can't I wear what I wanna wear?


Anyway, Natalie Reynolds was also confronted by another black woman. This got, you know, a little heated watch this actually As ugly as we wear that shit. It's braids. Take that shit out now. Take that shit out now. Okay, what's your take that shit out now addressing now. But take that shit out now. Take that shit out. Ugly as fuck. Ugly though. Why? I look at your fucking hair. It doesn't look like. Yes. So I got set in this video so many times I, you can pull out this. I was like, lemme check it. Michael said, I don't think you could take that hairstyle out very easily. I don't know if you guys could, guys could hear him, but yeah, that's not just something that you can just take out right away.


And I will say that any girl who went on vacation to somewhere tropical in the nineties is guilty of wearing that hairstyle. Or at least some of them. I mean, I went on vacation and I would get the braids put in. Yeah, black people don't own braids. So here's one of the comments on the video. Bet she has a blonde wig at home, which is very common wigs. And you know, obviously it's not tradition to have, you know, black women with blonde hair, but they still Do it. And as a, as a white woman check doesn't bother me. This. Yeah, there's Beyonce and a white blonde wig doesn't bother me one bit. She looks beautiful. There you go. Wear whatever you wanna wear.


It's not cultural appropriation. I don't care. Doesn't bother me. I don't know. It's, but the shoe, when the shoe's on the other foot, apparently it's a problem. Someone else commented, this really upsets me. My father is black, but I look white. Do I get to wear braids? Here's the kicker. My white side is Scandinavian, where braids go way, way back. So she brings up a really good point here. Who owns braids? Who was the first to wear braids? And she's right in Scandinavian culture, they do braids go way, way back. So here's a guy defending the girl wearing box braids. Watch this Unemployment final boss.


Let's see, what do we got here? You have on a body con mid dress, which would've originated in France, I believe, correct me if I'm wrong. Hmm. While we can trace a multitude of different styles of head wraps to Sub-Sahara Africa, this specific style of silk bonnet would be a descendant of styles found in 13th century and 18th century Europe. We find that this specific style of purse would've originated in London with Harriet Jane Cave in Samuel l Parkinson. These eyelashes mimic styles that can be found in 2,500 BC Egypt, while the origins of false eyelashes can be found in either 1902 Germany with Carl Nestler, or 1911 Canada with Anna Taylor. Oh, if you blink you'll miss it. But here we can see she has on on, he just keeps going.


But not slip on shoes, which can either be credited to Norwegian shoemakers or Native Americans. In regards to moccasins, you're holding a smartphone, the telephone being credited to Alexander Graham Bell, the smartphone being credited to Frank j Canova. If I wanted to be really petty, what are these? Lemonade braids, box braids. All right buddy, I'll take it from here. These are actually ani braids, which hail from the ani people of West Africa. So imagine if somebody said that if you are not of direct ani descent, you can't wear these braids. Unfortunately, there's a chance that that could include you based on your ancestry, regardless of your racial categorization. He came with the receipts. All right, that is what we call a mic drop moment.


He came with the receipts, he came with the facts. It's very difficult to track down where all these trends started, but let me just say, I hate cancel culture. I hate when they claim, you know, cultural appropriation like Natalie Reynolds said in the beginning, culture is meant to be shared. So bravo to her for wearing her braids proudly. Everyone else just needs to deal with it. I've got one more funny video for you apolitical just to end the weekend or start the weekend on a funny note. So this, you know, first of all, this is another thing for my conspiracy theorists. Are birds real or are they government drones?


Watch this. They're Fake. It says POV. You think it's time to wake up, but then you realize it's just your effing bird. I hate that. Okay. I hate that bird. I, I don't like that birds talk. I don't like birds in general, but the talking ones really freak me out. And I was watching this video in bed with my cat, birdie, no pun intended. And birdie hates the sound of phone alarms. And anytime that my phone alarm is going off for, you know, like sometimes I just don't wake up right away.


She'll start like biting my finger and like pulling at it to wake me up. And she doesn't bite normally, but she'll start biting my finger to like wake me up. Like, hello, can you turn that off human? You're pissing me off. And when I played this video in bed, birdie started giving me the side eye like, are you gonna turn that off? And it was a bird. Anyway, Thank you all for scrolling along with me today. I hope you have a great weekend. I'll be right back here on Monday, 6:00 PM Eastern time and I'll be on rumble rumble.com/haley. Of course, make sure that you're subscribed on your favorite podcast platform and I'll see you Monday.