
Hello. Hello. It is Hay Caria host of Nightly Scroll. This is the first live edition of Nightly Scroll. I am so excited and I cannot start this show without saying thank you to the Binos. Thank you for trusting me with this hour, with this time slot, with this show. I promise to make you proud. And to the Bongino army. I got to Florida a little over a week ago and you know, I'm not really feeling so much at home until I got all of your warm messages. It is the, the nicest, warmest welcome, and I can't wait to get to know you. So I'm so, so excited.


I'm excited to be here. I'm excited that you're all in the live chat. I can't wait to chat with all of you as well. We've got a big first show for you tonight. First, the Libs are triggered over Trump's foreign policy moves. No shocker there. Celebrities who said they would leave the US if Trump was elected are actually doing it. See, you never and remember those phones that the Biden administration gave illegal migrants? Well, team Trump is using that CBP one app to their advantage. I'll tell you more about that in just a little bit. Let the games begin, all that, and so much more coming up on nightly scroll.


Alright. Canadians have selected a new liberal leader, and when I say liberal, I mean liberal. Okay? His name is Mark Carney. He's gonna replace Justin Trudeau as the next Canadian Prime Minister. So who is Mark Carney? Well, he's been an advisor to Justin Trudeau, Boris Johnson in the uk. He's a former central banker. And here is his response to the recent beef between Canada and the us. Watch this, someone Who's trying to weaken our economy. Yeah, Donald Trump. Donald Trump and Donald Trump, as we know, has put, as the Prime Minister just said, unjustified tariffs on what we build, on what we sell, on how we make a living.


He's attacking Canadian families, workers, and businesses, and we cannot let him succeed. And we won't. America is not Canada and Canada never, ever will be part of America in any way, shape or form. All right? He's talking a big game, right? And this all has to do with Trump poking fun at our neighbors to the north with, you know, calling Justin Trudeau, the, the governor of Canada and you know, the 51st state. Okay? So he's, he's saying to these people, you know, we're not gonna let that happen. And honestly, Canada is one of our closest allies.


I don't think that any of this is going to change. I think they're going to remain one of our closest allies, but we have to trust Trump, right? I feel like the biggest thing with Trump is just trust the process. You know, I was a little worried when I, when I first voted, I voted for Trump three times, by the way. And I would do it again if I could. But the first time when we didn't know who Trump was, and he was really this outsider, my only, my only question about Trump was how is he gonna be on the world stage? And he proved to us in his first term that he was amazing on the world stage. I was pleasantly surprised. I really was. And I was sold after that.


I mean, I voted for him a second time. We didn't get him in office, voted for him a third time. Here we are. And I just wanna remind you that this guy, Mark Carney in, in Canada, he had a lot to do with those COVID-19 lockdowns. And I'm sure you all remember we were dealing with these draconian lockdown measures here in the States. It was worse in Canada, it was worse. They were freezing the bank accounts of protestors. It was wild. Okay? And during this time, this COVID-19, the pandemic, I was paying attention to Canada too, and I started paying attention to Pierre Pev.


Okay? Pierre Pev is a conservative leader in Canada. He's an mp, so basically in Congress, right? But he's leading the conservative movement. And I hope that one day our neighbors to the north are, are under Pierre poly EV's rule because he's, he's gonna fix everything. He's a voice, he's a force of nature and the voice of truth. So hopefully that will, that will happen one day soon. But until then, libs are gonna lib. Which brings me to my next story here in the States on M-S-N-B-C, the liberals are melting down, of course, over Trump's fiery over oval office meeting with Ukrainian president Zelensky, watch this.


Donald Trump has completely betrayed Ukraine and he's stabbed them in the back. And every week he continues to twist it and drive it deeper with a new move that cuts more of their legs out from under them, that kills more civilians, that puts them more at jeopardy, that weakens NATO and helps Russia, that Donald Trump does not speak for most Americans. JD Vance does not speak for most Americans. Marco Rubio does not speak for most Americans. The world needs to know that most Americans respect and support Ukraine. So for the person who's watching yes, who just heard you say Donald Trump is not stand, not standing up for Ukraine, what do you say to the person who says, well, I don't care about Ukraine. I want Donald Trump to stand up for America. What do you say to them?


I don't know where you got that. I mean, it's just, I don't have time for it. Yes, but we hear it. We hear it. But here, God, here's the thing. Where did you grow up? Did you grow up in a place where you thought the Russians were the good guys? What part of America did you grow up in? Were they this where the Russian for the good guys and our allies were the bad guys? That's the, that's the flip here that we need to continue to remind people. The Russians are the bad guys. They're raping women, they're killing children, they're bombing cities. The Ukrainians are the noble good guys. Some ways they're more American than we are over the last couple of years. And we must stand with them in the same way we stood with the allies in World War II and since this country was founded. This is not just about Ukraine, this is about the core and the integrity of American values.


If you've had that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons. Handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Babble gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with babble right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at babble.com/spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Make this summer count with Harvard Summer School, with Harvard's pre-college programs, high school students. Gain confidence and insight into what college is all about, challenge themselves and discover new friends. There are over 200 courses to choose from, including college credit courses. So it's the ideal way for students to learn something new, but most importantly, have fun. Visit info.summer.harvard.edu/spotify to learn more.


All right, we're gonna break down the first part of that where he said that Trump doesn't speak for all Americans. Vance doesn't speak for all Americans. Rubio doesn't speak for all Americans. Yes they do. And we voted for them. When we voted for Trump, we voted for Vance. When we voted for Trump, we voted for Marco Rubio. Okay? That's how this works. And it was a mandate, by the way. We won every swing state. He made inroads with massive voting blocks with young men, with black voters, with Latino voters. This was a mandate. He won the popular vote. So the left likes to spin this. And they like to say, you know, oh, Trump voters are having regrets.


Ain't no way I'm regretting any of this. These are the people I want on the world stage. I want Trump there. I want Vance there. I want Rubio there. I have no regrets whatsoever. Then the the loon, he's a loon. He says, Ukrainians are more American than Americans. What does that mean? How is that even possible? You have to be totally out of your mind to say that. And I texted Ghee this morning and I said, you know how Dan has the bell? You know, he rings the bell and then he gets into a show. I said, I want an eagle screech. So can we hear the sound of freedom, please?


Okay, I'm gonna be playing that on the show quite often. And that's what I have to say. This is a little remix. This is what I have to say to Ukrainians are more American than American. I don't think so. And speaking of these peace talks, right? So speaking of Marco Rubio on the world stage, Marco Rubio, secretary of State is in Saudi Arabia right now, and he's going to facilitate peace talks between Ukraine and Russia tomorrow. So I'd like to ask these people on M-S-N-B-C, are we not for peace talks? Do you not want peace talks? Or are you, do you want the war to keep going?


It just makes you think what their motives are. It's, it's just interesting. And you know, the left is very much triggered by Trump and all of his moves. That is for sure. And you know how a, a lot of Hollywood elites and celebrities, they, they told us that they would leave the United States if Trump ever was elected. And I think this was back in 2016. There was the Miley Cyrus's and Madonna and Bette Midler. They were all threatening to leave and then they never did. Well, it turns out that some of them actually have left. Okay? So we have a daily mail headline here.


I wanna throw this up for you, but they're calling it the Donald Dash. Yeah. Meet the Donald Dashers. How the Rich and Famous are fleeing the, the US in horror at President Trump. And apparently noting Hill is their number one desired destination. So they're all fleeing to the uk. And this, this interests me because here are some of the celebrities on the list that are already going. Ellen DeGeneres and her wife, Portia di Rossi. Now I don't wanna say anything that I'm gonna get in trouble for. So I'm just gonna say alleged, alleged, alleged for legal purposes. I'm not being serious. Okay? So Ellen says that she's leaving the United States because of Trump, but she had Diddy on her show.


I don't know how close they are, but maybe she's leaving the States for another reason. Maybe she fled so fast. You know, they talk a big game 2016, then they never left. And all of a sudden they're fleeing. It makes you think, maybe that's just me. I don't know. You can tell me in the chat if you think that there's something to that. But they're not alone. It's not just Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi, it's Ryan Gosling and his wife Eva Mendez. It is fashion designer Tom Ford. And finally America Ferrera. She's leaving her namesake behind. Apparently she's looking at schools in, in the uk. And if you don't know America Ferrera, she was in Ugly Betty.


I never watched that show. She was in Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. She was in the Barbie movie most recently. So certainly these wokes are, are part of the Donald Dash as they're calling it. And it's interesting 'cause the numbers are pretty staggering here. So 6,100 US citizens applied to be UK citizens in the last year, and they're seeing a 40% increase year over year. And I just wanna remind these Hollywood elites and liberals, a lot of their reasoning for leaving is because Trump is so anti-women, anti women's rights. It's, it's all about the reproductive health.


It's about abortion, right? And I just wanna let you know that the abortion laws in the UK are stricter than those in California. So you will be leaving and going to a more restrictive place in the uk. So I just, I just wanted to let you know that you're not smart, you're not fooling anyone, and you're certainly not going to the land of the free that is here. Okay? So bad move, but honestly good ridden. Yes. And the sound of freedom. Thank you. And California is not just a sanctuary state for abortion, by the way. It is a sanctuary state for illegal immigration as we know. But here's the kicker.


Huntington Beach, California is suing the state of California. They're also suing Governor Gavin Newsom and the Attorney General Robert Banta for maintaining policies, these sanctuary state policies that now contradict federal immigration laws under Trump. So America First Legal is behind this lawsuit, and they're essentially asking the courts to stop enforcing these sanctuary state policies to allow law enforcement to do what they're actually meant to do. Yeah, again, this is what we, this is what we voted for. This is what I voted for. No more laws protecting illegal immigrants, more laws protecting citizens.


Sounds good to me. Does it sound good to you? You can let me know in the chat. But again, this is what we voted for. Now, here is my favorite thing that the Trump administration is doing to secure the border. Listen, I love Tom Homan. I love everything he is doing. This is the Uno reverse card of all Uno reverse cards. You remember when the Biden administration, they gave all those illegal immigrants free phones, you know, it was free phones and it was free flights and all these resources, right? Free, free, free. Except it's not free. It was us paying for it. The American taxpayer. Okay?


So the Biden administration gives out these free phones. And on these free phones, they can download the CBP one app. So on the CBP one app, all these illegals could access resources and court dates and whatever they need on this app. Now, the Trump administration, they figured out a loophole. So they, they did like a little reset on the app, and now they can use the app to track the migrants who have it on their phones. Not only that, they added a new feature where the illegal migrants can essentially self deport.


You heard that, right? The migrants can self deport. So I, I saw this Bill Udin from Fox. He does great work on the border. And he posted this earlier and he talked to DHS Secretary Christina, who explained how this is going to work. The CBP home app gives illegals the option to leave now and self deport. So why would they want to self deport? Okay, you know, these people, they just border jumped. Why would they wanna self deport? Well, if they want to continue their journey on the American dream, they will have to let the government know that they are self deporting.


If they don't self deport, they will never be allowed back in the country. So if they play the game and they use this app and they self deport and they identify themselves to the United States government, they will be deported. But they will have another chance to then rejoin the American citizens and do it the right way. If they don't self deport, eh, you're not getting in. Can I hear the sound of freedom? Please? Correct. Yeah, that's exactly how this is supposed to work. You're supposed to go through the, the legal parameters that we have. You're supposed to respect the laws on the books. You're supposed to respect the country that you want to be a part of so badly.


So I love that they're pulling the Uno reverse card on these migrants. You had the free phones. We're using it to the Trump administration's advantage, and I love to see it. Now I wanna get to the scrolling portion of my phone. This is where I see some things on the internet that I don't like so much. I I have to share them with you. If I have to see it. You have to see it. And I just wanna play this one video from Paris Fashion Week because sloth from the Goonies made an appearance. Take a look. Beautiful. Isn't he just beautiful?


Interesting. Obviously one of the first things I noticed was it's a very scary looking man in a dress. So he reminded me of sloth from the Goonies. Does everyone remember the Goonies Great movie? Anyway, the the second thing I noticed was it looks like he has on some like traditional Japanese makeup, and the left is the one that always screams and cries about cultural appropriation, right? You're not allowed to dress up as another race or do the makeup or do the hair. They always freak out about stuff like that. So apparently cultural appropriation doesn't matter because once you're a man and you put a dress on, it's two thumbs up from the left.


Nothing else matters. And I saw a lot of influencers online and they were, you know, talking about the crowd. Like, I can't believe the crowd is putting up with this, or I don't know how they're holding in their laughter. It's interesting, I I, when I looked at the crowd, it seems to me like they're, they have to act like this is, yeah, that's who that was. Am I like, I'm pretty good at figuring out people's doppelgangers. That's a good one. That's spot on. That's, that's who just walked in Paris Fashion Week, honestly. And Ima like the left is this is what they do. They replace women with whatever this is.


And can I just say that women would look a lot better in a dress? I mean, dresses are made for women's bodies. I just think women would look better modeling that, you know, call me crazy. But people on the internet, were talking about the crowd and they're like, you know, the, the crowd looks, you know, they're, they're not laughing or, or they look supportive or whatever. And to me, I think that this crowd, they're, they're acting like this is normal. They have to act like this is normal because they're in this, this crowd, this fashion artsy crowd. And like, god forbid, they, you know, they laugh at this, this person because then they're not gonna be looked at in the same light.


They're not gonna be in the same liberal crowd. So, I don't know, again, call me crazy, but a woman would've looked better in that dress. Am I right? Would you agree? This brings me to my next topic, which is, apparently it was International Women's Day on March 8th. I, I missed that. I don't know how I missed that. None of these holidays make any sense to me. You could Google it. There's a holiday every single day. It's like National Margarita Day or national like Puppy Day or National Girlfriend Day. Like whatever. It's always something. But none of these days or months or anything mean anything. It's just virtue signaling.


It's stupid. But apparently it was International Women's Day, again, I missed it. And also, apparently, according to this TikTok user, maga women are not allowed to participate in Women's Day. Here's, here's what someone, here's what some people said online. They said Happy Women's Day to the women who didn't vote to get our rights stripped away. Happy International Women's Day to people who care about human rights, happy Women's Day, to people who understand economics and didn't vote for a conman. This, this is apparently the, the party of women supporting women.


Obviously we see this time and time again, they are not, they are not the party of women supporting women. They'll never support MAGA women. They're just, they're mean girls. That's what it is. And this reminds me, when I was living in New York City, I lived in New York City for like six and a half, seven years. And one night I was standing at the bar and I was waiting in line to get a drink. And I was leaning up against the bar. And this guy came in, he thought he was being smooth, and he was like, so it must have been International Women's Day or something. I don't know, I don't pay attention to this stuff. So he slid in and he was like, you know, were you at the Women's March today? And I was like, no, it was a women's march.


Like, I have no idea this stuff is going on. And he said, oh, well I was at the women's March today. I, I guess this was his idea of trying to hit on me or make me like him or something. And he hit on the wrong girl. 'cause let me tell you, I was like, that's strange. I said, so what, what were you doing at the Women's March? Like, what rights are you fighting for? 'cause I have equal rights under the law. Like I, there's no other rights that I need. I don't, I don't need any other rights. I have all my rights. And that shut him up real quick. So anyway, the left also showed us just how intolerant they can really be, but this time it's worse. So you could throw this up, this, oh, well actually, hold on one second.


So let me just explain this TikTok trend. There's a TikTok trend and I've seen it on Instagram too, where people say this and they fill in the blank where for example, they post a picture of like a very nice beach. It's a nice beach and it'll say this and, you know, taking time off from work or like not answering my boss's emails, or they'll post a picture of two espresso martinis at the bar and it'll say this. And Goss gossiping with my best friend. Something like that. So this TikTok user posted this, this and waking up to Trump's obituary again, making, making jokes about people dying, calling for your political opponents to die.


This is what the Left's brand is. If you listen to Dan's show today, he talked about all about how the left and the Democrats, their brand is just tanking their crashing. This is what they stand for. They can't stand for cancer patients who become secret service agents, but this is what they stand for. This and waking up to Trump's obituary, it's sick. You actually have to be not okay in the head to post something like this on the internet. And here were some of the comments. Honestly, the comments were even more disgusting 'cause it got so much support. Please and JD Vance too, please. Again, they're not just calling for the death of the president, they're calling for the death of the vice president as well.


Nah, just the announcement, please. I don't need the obituary. I ain't reading all that gross. It's so disgusting. Here's another one. I'd be breathing the freshest of heirs. My God, I would throw a celebration. Gross, but it wasn't all bad. Okay? Someone, someone commented as a Democrat, this is just tasteless. And you wonder why Kamala didn't win. And lastly, the day Trump's obituary comes out is the day mine comes out as well. 'cause I ain't living on earth without the goat himself.


That one made me chuckle. But it's just interesting how violent and angry and depressed the left is. Because I don't particularly like Joe Biden. I don't particularly like Kamala Harris. I would never wish any harm upon them. And you know, people in the comments they were bringing up, you know, well MAGA makes fun of, you know, Biden dying and stuff like that. And it's like, no, no, no, no, no, no one on the right is making fun of Biden dying or anything like that. If he trips and falls walking up the, the steps onto Air Force one, we're gonna laugh because that's, that's funny.


But it's also very sad, you know, and I think we know the difference between, you know, he's a failing, he was a failing candidate. He's just old, he's elderly. It's really sad. And I think what we saw on the right was people calling out Dr. Jill Biden for pushing her husband into this, to running into a second term. So again, it's just the difference between the right and left. I think, you know, we can recognize where someone is just failing, but we would never wish harm on them at least. No, no conservatives that I know, I don't know anyone who would say something that disgusting and nasty and then put it on the internet. The left just gives no, they, they just don't care about their digital footprint.


They, you know, and we saw this too, with the first time Trump was president, all these celebrities wishing death on him. And, and you know, Kathy Griffin holding up the bloodied Trump head, these people are sick. But I don't wanna leave the show on such a negative note. So this actually has nothing to do with politics, but I just saw it and I, I thought it was very funny. I, like I said, I lived in New York City for a while and like seven years. And I did drive before moving to the city. I did. And if you follow me on social media, you know, I, I went to Dan's Dan Bun Gino's birthday party in December, and I had to rent a car for the first time.


I've actually, I never rented a car before, but I was driving for the first time in nine years. So, you know, I know how to drive, but it was a, I was a little rusty 'cause I, I sold my car before I moved to the city, New York City. I lived there for seven years, then I moved to Nashville. Everyone called me crazy 'cause I didn't have a car, okay? They called me crazy. How do you live in Nashville and you don't have a car? I lived downtown. I could walk to work. Everything was walking distance and I crunched the numbers, okay? Because I'm a social conservative. I'm also a fiscal conservative, but I crunched the numbers and I was spending less money on Ubers than I would for a car payment, car insurance, gas, et cetera.


So anyway, who's laughing now? Anyway, I just moved here a week ago, as you all know, obviously I just had to get a car. But even I'm a better driver than this person. Maybe. I don't Even know what kind of car this is. I've never seen this before. That's a smart, but it's, it's, it's what It's called A smart car. A smart car. Well, the person driving it isn't very smart. I don't know why this person can't figure out how to parallel park. You could fit three of those cars in there.


Really just get in there and back all the way back. But God. So we should go help me. Are they gonna do it? I mean, woo, that's a tight squeeze. I don't know if they're gonna make it. It's funny 'cause one of the selling points of the scar is that is easy. Oh My God. Well, this first time he hit, he, They drove away. They couldn't even make it. They just totally gave up. I mean, seriously, I can't drive. And I promise you I have, well, listen, I haven't tried to parallel park since getting my car, but I promise you, if I was in that little thing, I'd be able to do it.


I have faith and I would be, I would be able to do it. But anyway, that is all I have for you tonight. Thank you for tuning in to my first ever live show. We will be live at 6:00 PM Eastern Time every weekday on the Bonino Report Rumble page. Thank you so much. There's 10,000 of you live viewers right now. So thank you for joining me. I hope you join me again, someone who's again tomorrow and until tomorrow, you can follow me on social media at Haley Caria and I'll see you tomorrow.