
Hello everyone. Welcome to episode three of Nightly Scroll. I'm Haley Caria. I'm very excited for the show tonight because it's a little different than what we've been doing. I'm so appreciative of all of you in the chat. I wanna remind you to please subscribe on Spotify and Apple Podcast, whatever your preferred podcast platform is, of course, follow the Bina Report channel right here on rumble. rumble.com/haley will bring you right here. So I appreciate all of you in the chat. We'll be chatting with you throughout the show, of course. But I'm very excited tonight because I am joined by my first in studio guest, everyone. Welcome to Vince Colonese. Vince Colonese is going to be here.


He's going to be hosting the Vince Show on Rumble. He's also going to be filling in a very important and beloved time slot that all of you love so much. So all that and so much more on nightly scroll. Hello Vince. Hello. I'm so excited that you're here. You're here in the great state of Florida. I love that. The free state of Florida. Yes. The free state of Florida. Did they change the signs after DeSantis took over? Like when you enter the state, the free it Is the free state of Florida. Yes. I, you know, I lived in New York City for a really long time and I was living there and during COVID and I would take trips down to Miami just to experience the land of the free again, because we were under lockdown.


I was unvaccinated. I couldn't go to restaurants. Oh, I, God couldn't go to bars. I was, it was really killing my, my social life. So I had to come down to the free state of Florida. Yeah, It's a good thing you did. And like, I love Florida for a bunch of reasons. One, of course the weather, especially this time of year, they're, they have no income tax, which everybody Yes. Love being in Florida for no income tax. They're, they're good with guns. They've got it all down here. So anyway, yeah, I'm super pumped to be here. Yes. And what about, you know, you have a big time slot to fill. It's funny, I've, I've gotten a lot of messages saying, Hailey, you have big shoes to fill. And I said, Nope, that's not me. That's Vince actually. And I, and to that I respond. I have big t-shirts to fill actually. Yes. Dan Bonino. No, it's great. And by the way, I love this chat feature and I'm telling you, I'm gonna be all over the chat.


Hello there. K Ka Osborne. Welcome Vincent. Thank you. At Abex Fort. Welcome Vince. Thank you. I saw somebody already point out that your following should be called Haley's Heroes. Okay. I like that too. We, I kind of like, do you have something Already? Yeah, well, people have been saying the Caria company, they've been saying, throwing around some other things. People in the chat. I think they came up with Scrollers. It's up for debate still. I love it. So whatever you guys think, but let us know in the chat. We don't have to come up with something right away. No, no, not at all. The show is a week old. We can come up with something slowly and just have it be natural. You know what, you know, when people come up with their own nicknames, it's like, you can't do that. That's right. Have to come naturally.


No, that's right. That's A big thing. We'll let it come natural. That's a big thing with pilots. Apparently they can't come up with their call sign like everybody else in their squadron has to come up with it. Yes, That makes sense. We'll, we'll do that. Yeah, we'll do that. We'll come up with a good call sign for You. Okay, good. So I'm excited. So you're from DC and your show's gonna be in DC Yeah. Yeah. So that's, it's very interesting. You're not a swamp creature, everyone, don't worry. He's not a swamp creature. But you're gonna give us access to DC in ways that we haven't seen before, which is gonna be really, really cool. Yeah. And So just to give people a sense of, of me, because obviously there's gonna be some people who already know me, perhaps from Dan's radio show I'd, I filled in a bunch of times as a guest host for him. Maybe you know me from The Daily Caller, maybe you know me from, I've done years of Fox News and Special Report and Tucker Carlson tonight and Fox News Sunday.


I've done all those things. But, you know, it's a big world and not everybody consumes everything. So just the, the quick primer is I grew up in a Marine Corps family. My dad's a retired Marine general. Wow. We moved all over the country, got to see all these different great areas of our country. And then eventually I found my way into Washington DC I was at the Heritage Foundation for a little bit, and very quickly I started working with and for Tucker Carlson and Neil Patel at The Daily Caller. Great. I've been there for the last 15 years. It is an oasis of sanity in a city of nonsense. Yes. And it's the kind of place where I don't even think we have an HR department. It's just a wild, fun place. And again, I've been there for 15 years and I've worked with basically everyone in conservative media.


Yeah. A lot of people have come up and through the Daily caller and got their, kind of, got their sea legs on how to do reporting and like break into what is the government actually doing. So I'm still doing that now. And so I've been at The Daily Caller, I've been hosting a radio show on WML in Washington, DC for the last eight years. I did Morning Drive and then I did Afternoon Drive and now I get the, the great opportunity to be here in 12 to three. So we've got, starting next week. It's gonna be so fun. I've got the 10 o'clock podcast. We've got Vince is what we call it. We call it just Vince 10 o'clock. I like it. Nice and simple. I Love it too. It's powerful too, Vince. Oh, so it's good for Google. Like, no, nobody knows how to spell my last name. That's fine. I respect that. We were joking too about our, all of our Italian last names.


Yeah. I am Caria. Everyone says Coronia Corona. It's just, I answer to everything. But it is Caria and it's, it's another complicated Italian last name. We love it. And Also an excellent way to filter out telemarketers. Right? Like, you know, instantly, if you even know this person when you answer the phone, It's like, this person doesn't know me. No, Not at all. And so, 10 o'clock Monday and we're just gonna go, we're gonna go really big really quickly. We have Tucker Carlson joining us in studio right here in this room. He's gonna be right in here and we're gonna talk to him. And we're going the distance. I'll, well lemme just, I'll just break some news here for you. Now. The plan is that we're not gonna have just one day of Tucker. We are probably gonna have a part two. Okay.


'cause Tucker said, well, I just wanna spend a lot of time. And I'm like, all right, let's spend a lot of time. So Let's Do it. Yeah. We may actually get two big episodes out of Tucker Carlson. And then here's the exclusive for your show today, which we haven't announced yet. Thank You. My first, should I sa my first Breaking News exclusive? So the question is, and my first in Studio guest, so The question is, do I save this in order to mount up the concurrent live viewership of this program until later? Ooh. Or do I say it right now? So Send it to your friends. Send chat, send it to your friends and say there's gonna be big, big breaking news. Let me, so you tell so ba Yeah. Chat. Tell me, do you wanna know right now or do you wanna bring in a whole bunch of other people? And we can tell you later in the show.


More, more, more. Alright. So Just say it. I'll get back to that in a moment. And then of course, the other piece is that the 12 to three radio show? Yes. Which is monumental. This is, this is the place Rush built. Yeah. Rush built this time slot. Rush Limbaugh. I grew up listening to the guy, loved the guy adore his presentation and what he meant for the country. Yeah. Sort of distilling down the news to an understandable thing for all of us. And Dan just really rose to the occasion. What, what, what a challenging job for anybody. Yeah. Hey, hey, you're gonna, you're gonna take up the Rush's time slot, right? You're gonna sit behind that microphone and you could hear it in all of Dan's presentations. He always said, oh man, this is, you know, I just, he paid utter respect to Rush.


Amazing. And so I am like Dan, just so thrilled to be able to step into that. So we'll do that starting Monday nationwide. We're gonna have a big show That's Gonna be really, really exciting. I can't wait to listen. And you're in DC Well you're gonna be here next week, but your show will be in DC which I think is really exciting. 'cause you're gonna have access to a lot of people coming in and outta the studio, I'm assuming. Yeah. So that'll be great. I wanted to ask you first about BLM Plaza, because I covered this on my show, you know, BLM Plaza, black Lives Matter and you know, big yellow writing outside of the White House. Yeah. And I was saying, why are they taking jackhammers to it? Isn't it just paint? But can you explain to me why they need to jackhammer it?


I love it. I love the optics of it being jack hammered. But I, so this, this story has driven me crazy and yes, I, by the way I see you. You're all saying now you want to know now, now, now, now, now. So how about this? We'll do the Black Lives Matter Plaza story and then I'm gonna tell you, then we'll tease it. Who the big guest is next week. Okay. So Black Lives Matter Plaza, look back in late May and then early June of 2020, that's when the chaos took at took place. The George Floyd riots were running wild across the country. And in Washington DC our nation's capital experienced the same awful, violent thing. Rioters were smashing street windows and hurting people. In fact, when Black Lives Matter Plaza was set up at that time, the city was boarded up.


All of the shops, all of the first floor stores and locations that are on all those buildings near the White House, they had to be boarded up because of the violence. And so what happened was it, normally, the way that that street is composed, you could drive straight down and you're driving and as you drive, if you're there with your family, you're visiting, you're looking at the White House, you're looking at the White House. Oh, that's a great picture. That's a great image that shows you what so gotcha. So Right there, it's a pedestrian walkway now because of what they did. Okay. But it used to be that you could literally just Drive down the street, bring The kids, drive down the street, and there you are, you're staring at the White House all lit up at night. Wow. Beautiful. Gorgeous. It's one of the most impressive approaches in the whole country. And because of the rioters DC Mayor Muriel Bowser decided that she would steal taxpayer dollars.


I consider it theft. 'cause this is disgusting what they did with it. And then pay a ransom payment to the rioters by painting Black Lives Matter Plaza all over the street. And then making it pedestrian only so you could no longer drive your car there because the God, you know, God forbid that your car tires go over there Ugly. And that is a heavily trafficked area. Very, It's, it's so Many. So now there's traffic because of it too. Great. It's, it's right there by Lafayette Square Of course. And so right in front of the White House. So it's just, it really is awful. And one of the many reasons it's awful is because it was performative nonsense that didn't save a single life writing Black Lives Matter on the street in DC How many lives did that save? Oh, it turns out none.


Right. In fact, from 20, the year of 2020, it was something like 30% more black homicides that year as lefties pulled back on policing all across the country. Right. Leaving communities more vulnerable to death and destruction. So it didn't help any black lives. That's for sure. It didn't help any lives. And the organization, whose name it represents was Totally corrupt. Yeah. They're stealing everybody's Money. Yeah. They're lining their own pockets. They've got massive mansions in California and in Canada. Oh, okay. There Was a huge grift. And so they were stealing all the money and more black people died. And then DC Merriam mural Baer stole money from the taxpayers in order to paint it on the ground.


Anyway, it is very long overdue for it to be destroyed. So my Liberty, Liberty Plaza, it's gonna be called now. I Think. So look, Yeah. That has a nice ring to it. It does have a nice ring to it. It's a much, it's a huge improvement. But here's the small, if I can say I played a role, at least a small one, I would browbeat every Republican congressman who would come on my show and say, don't you think it's time to take over DC again? Why? Is because by the way, the Congress isn't entrusted with running DC but they, they came up with something called Home Rule where they allow the a, a DC City Council to run the affairs. It's insane. They haven't been doing it. Well, crime's been outta control. The city hasn't been properly run. Let Congress take it back over. But every time they would come on, I would say, you need to get rid of BBL M Plaza.


When's that gonna happen? Yeah. When's that gonna happen? And sure enough, Congressman Andrew Clyde of Georgia and God bless President Trump for stepping up and saying, DC you're gonna lose money unless you get rid of this. Yeah. And now they're getting rid of it. Well, the art of the deal president, right? Yeah, he is. He's making deals. And we love to see it. You know, the Black Lives Matter stuff. It's, it's interesting 'cause I feel like what's happening to these Tesla stations and these violent protests that we're seeing at Tesla dealerships, this is the left's way of protesting Elon Musk. But of course the media is just calling it very peaceful protest. Although it is not. So it's very similar to what we saw during Black Lives Matter. You're fired up about this.


I am. I'm very fired up about it. I'm also very concerned about the chat because I'm worried that I haven't Delivered yet. Oh, let's tease that first. I haven't Delivered yet on this exclusive, here's the exclusive for the nightly scroll. Next week we will also be joining in addition to Tucker Carlson by Donald Trump Jr. In studio right here on Rumble. I can't wait. I'll be there. He's gonna be good. I think. I think he's pumped. I think he's excited. Yeah. I guess we'll find out when he gets here. What's not to be pumped about. We're in this brand new beautiful studio. We've got a brand new show. I've got a brand new show. This is, yeah. There's a lot of new stuff going on. It's very, very exciting. But Don Jr.


Will be, will be incredible. So it's Gonna be a blast. And I wanna figure, I want to, I want to get his impressions of like what has changed for his father. Yeah. Like what does he see in his dad? Like what changed from 45 to 47? Yeah. You know, what is it like to live in a world where your dad was shot and then, and then the, what is life like after that? So there's a lot to talk about. Yeah. I can't Wait to Do it. The perspective certainly changes. And I'm interested too. 'cause I feel like everyone's talking about this vibe shift, right? Yeah. There's this absolute cultural shift where people are proud to be conservative again. It's cool to be conservative again. And what is it like in dc? Does the air smell a little different or do people have a pep in their step? What's going on? Well, Oh, I, I definitely, conservatives are totally unashamed.


Yeah. Which is what I love. I you see a lot more maga hats everywhere and yeah, I've got, I've got a gr a good friend who my, my producer from my afternoon show, he flies the biggest Trump flag you can possibly fly on the back of his pontoon boat, love it on the Potomac. And then he'll drive right up to the shore alongside Georgetown and the wharf and all these densely liberal areas. He'll blast Lee Greenwood, he'll blast President Trump in the January 6th choir. I love it. And oh my gosh, you should see the reactions. It's like middle fingers in the air or cheering. And usually it's a mix of both Usually. Yeah. That's funny. But, But you know, you met, you asked about Elon. Yeah. And I mentioned, you know, Trump was shot. I, I tell you what, say your prayers for Elon Musk, because Elon's even said it already.


He's like, he can't even believe the number of death threats he's getting now. Wow. And you're watching all these attacks on Tesla dealerships across the country. Poor families just driving Tesla vehicles. They're not a dealership, nothing. It is just, there's Americans driving a car. Yeah. Being hectored and harassed and chased down the streets, vandalism, gunshots, drive by shootings of Tesla dealerships, burning of Tesla charging stations. This is meant to obviously hurt Elon's business, but also to scare the living hell out of Americas Totally. An intimidation tactic. I mean, this is, if you're driving a Tesla and you don't have one of those dumb stickers on the back that all these lefties are putting on now that say, bought this before Elon went crazy. Yeah. And you know, my audience, if you've been watching this past week, I, I showed a funny video of that, of, you know, it was a spoof video, but these stickers exist.


Yeah. I mean, Le Lefties are putting this on their Teslas like, you know, I bought this because it was, you know, a great electric vehicle. Not because I support Trump or not because I support Elon. And it's just very, ugh. It's sad. They're so pathetic. Even it's your Bumper. Bumper stickers involve throat clearing. Oh, what I didn't Do. It wasn't me. Okay, shut up. But here's the thing about what's going on with Elon. I find it, I'm the most fascinated by the money and the organization that's involved in going after him. This is not spontaneous, this isn't like random people doing this. Maybe a couple who are like, you know, getting caught up in the heat of the moment after seeing what's happening nationwide. But you're watching a nationwide effort to smear him and to scare the hell out of Americans through what are obviously acts of domestic terrorism.


Right. And so Elon has indicated already that he, that his research and his investigating has concluded that it's, it's Act blue. This is the money engine of the left and it's the biggest donors of Act Blue that he says are to blame the guys like George Soros, who, you know, really his son is running his empire. Now you're looking at Reid Hoffman, the LinkedIn co-founder, Reid Hoffman is an interesting one because back during the campaign, Elon was saying that Reid Hoffman does not want Trump to become president for a very personal reason. And Elon said it's because he believes that Jeffrey Epstein's client list might implicate or does implicate Reid Hoffman.


This is what Elon said. Interesting. And so he wants to, he wanted to stop Trump and Elon's telling, not for purely political reasons, although that probably played a role, but for purely selfish reasons to insulate himself from the Epstein list from coming out. So I find all this very fascinating and, and, and remember Reid Hoffman, this is a guy who was funding the Eugene Carroll suit right. Against Donald Trump. He was funding the legal attacks on President Trump to stop him from getting into office. That's where he was spending his money. So my eyes are very much fixated on who's funding all of this. Right. Who's organizing it and who's trying to wreck the country. Yeah. I mean they did it during Black Lives Matter too. I mean they were, you know, pallets of bricks that were just dropped off on sides of the street.


Exactly. And it was right by, you know, the Gucci and then all of a sudden all these protesters would just loot the Gucci and then go grab their sneakers or their bag or whatever. Exactly. You know, all in the name of Social justice, of course all because you know, their Lord and Savior George Floyd died. So, you know, but it is interesting to your point of how this is being funded and who's funding it and who's behind it because they're sewing chaos in this country. So Act Blue, have you seen the headlines? They're like falling apart right now. So the New York Times just ran a piece like a week ago that all of Act blue's executives are quitting. They're, they're jumping ship at the, and only one lawyer is left. Wow. At Act Blue. And he sent out a message to the remaining staff reminding them of whistleblower protections.


There is scandal going on inside the biggest money engine of the American left. So if you see more provocative stories on that subject, don't be surprised. 'cause they're coming. Yeah. So this Epstein list, when do you think it's coming out? Is it ever coming out? 'cause you know, it's been teased and now people are just kind of, you know, it feels like the boy who cried wolf a little bit. I know, I know. Okay. So here's a basic point that I think of with everything, whether it's the JFK assassination, R-F-K-M-L-K, the Epstein list. If you believe that the government is involved in covering up the details, what kind of coverup doesn't destroy the documents? Right. Like why would you have a coverup? And you're like, but we'll still retain the documents in a safe somewhere.


Right? Presumably most of these coverups will involve destroying the documentary evidence. That's one, that's just my common sense kind of assessment of it. Two, clearly there are secrets being kept and you know, that whole Pam Bondy sort of like, I'm gonna release all of this stuff and now I have a whistleblowers telling me it's being kept from me. And the FBI field office in New York has been hiding thousands of pages of documents. And then they did fire the head of the FBI field office. Right. They, they got him outta there. My question though is like, why tease the release of the documents before checking that the documents were documents that were already released previously? They were just heavily redacted versions of the documents that were released previously.


It just seemed like there was a lot of muddled information. I I just think they got over their skis. They just got, they got, they got overly excited without, you know, doing the due diligence of looking at the documents to make sure it was worth starting the hype train. Yeah. You know, don't start a hype train if there's nothing a hype. And so hopefully they learned a lot of lessons from that. Look, you're gonna, okay, let's sit back for a second and think, okay, who could we possibly want to run the FBI in this environment? Well the answer to that is like guys who've been proven to tell the truth a whole lot. Yeah. And have a really good sense of the abuses in that agency. And lemme see Cash Patel and Dan Bonino. Well, It's so funny that you said that because you know, when this was announced that it was Cash Patel and then Dan Bonino, my first thought was our FBI is going to be run by two guys who wrote books, cash Patel wrote a book, government gangsters.


And Dan wrote many books, but one book called Follow the Money. I'm like, yeah, this is exactly who I want in charge. Right. That's true. This is what I voted for and this is who I want running these, these agencies. And The upside is like, if, if they discover like there's not, you know, the documents don't exist or whatever, if Dan says that in public whatever he says, I'm gonna believe him. Yeah. Like there's all sorts of people who are in the system who I'm like, what are your motives? But look, Dan has been at, everyone here knows in this chat, Dan is, Dan is somebody says Bonino equals integrity. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's exactly right. So I'm, I'm happy about that because whatever the answers are, at least we'll have people in place so we can trust when they give 'em to us. Absolutely. Well I know you've gotta head out of here soon, so I don't want you to leave before plugging your show, plugging all of your socials.


Yeah. What can people expect from you and, and where they can find you. Okay. So you can find me on Monday right here if, if you're looking for where to find the show, there was some of that today. Just follow Dan Bono's podcast because on Monday I'm talking to you from there. I think by then it'll definitely be rumble.com/vince. But in the meantime, obviously be subscribed to the Bonino podcast. Great. I'm sure everybody here is. And then follow me on social media. Let's get those numbers way up because I wanna bring a lot more people into this environment. I want to, I just want to grow this amazing Bino army. This amazing American army that cares about the truth.


And I'm like completely thrilled to not only do this in a place that Dan Bonino has built and done so well at, but also to Do it with you Hailey and Avita. I'm so psyched and we're gonna have lots of opportunities to Talk. The Bonino Army is definitely set up with the dream team. We won't let you down. So Thank you so much for my gosh being here. Oh, I'm so excited. This was so great. We're fast friends. We met yesterday. It's great. And this is, this is awesome. So we're very excited to have you on board Hailey. Thank you. Yeah, of course. And Thank you to the chat. Yes, Thank you. Chat. Throw some love for Vince in the chat. I wanna see Vince, Vince, Vince, I wanna see, I'm watching the Vince show. I love Vince. It's gonna be very, very exciting. So Thank you so much. Thanks.


And don't worry everyone, I still have plenty of show left for you tonight, so don't go anywhere more nightly. Scroll. Don't go anywhere. Thank you. Alright. I still have a lot to get to tonight. First I wanna debunk a narrative that I have been seeing go viral on social media. Okay. So Kareem Jean Pierre, the former press secretary under Biden, she joined the View last week and said this, it is coming Press secretary.


You were also an assistant to the president. Yeah. So that meant you were able to interact with the campaign off time. Actually, did you have Actually I could not inter I had, I had a special kind of role as the press secretary. I did not interact with the So you had no as I not as a commissioned officer president, I could not because as the press secretary. So you had no insight into the polling that showed he would've lost everything. I did not. Because that's sounds Well. Well it does matter though. Okay, here's, Alright, did you guys see that clip? Did you see Kare Jean Pierre on the View? I'm sure none of you really watched the View, but maybe you saw clips of it. This has been going massively viral. And even as recently as yesterday and this morning I was seeing a lot of right wing people on Twitter and on X they were kind of parroting this saying, you know, Kareem, Jean Pierre, she didn't have access to Biden, she didn't get to talk to Biden.


They would just hand her talking points and things like that. I want to make this very clear. 'cause when something starts going viral, I I, I kind of wanna be like a live fact checker here because this is something that I experienced. There's a difference between a campaign and there is a difference between the White House, right? So it's a unique experience because we had President Biden in the White House. So he had Kain Jean Pierre, who is his White House press secretary, Kain Jean Pierre was his mouthpiece for the president for the presidency separate from Kareem Jean Pierre. He had a campaign because he was running for reelection at the same time as he was president, right?


So he's going to have a completely separate communication staff for the campaign. This is true for everyone, this is true for Trump, this is true for everyone on Capitol Hill. So, you know, Dan has explained a little bit of my background to all of you, but if you're new here, I worked at Fox News for years. I worked at NEWSMAX for years and I met Dan because I was a booker on Hannity for a while. So that's how we became friends. But whenever there was a congressman, I would try to book the congressman on the show and the congressman would say, Hey, if you want me to talk about such and such, you're gonna have to go through my campaign staff. There was always two separate staffs.


So if they were running for reelection or they were running for something, they had one staff and then their main congressional staff. So I just wanna make sure that people understand that when KJP said I didn't have any access to the campaign, she wasn't saying that she didn't have access to the president. And you can say whatever you want about KJP. I didn't, I don't think that she was a very good press secretary at all. Especially coming from, you know, the Kayleigh McEnany of the world. And of course being sandwiched, you know, KJP between Kayleigh McEnany and Caroline Levitt. It is certainly a jump scare and a shock, right? Because we're seeing a great press secretary, a not so great press secretary and now, and even, you know, another great press secretary.


So I just, I, when I see a narrative keep going and going viral and it's wrong, I just wanna make sure that at least we're telling the facts here. So I just wanted to talk about that. But another story that I talked to you about yesterday, the total Democrat freak out over Congressman McBride being misgendered, although he wasn't being misgendered, Congressman Keith Self of Texas was correctly gendering him because he's a man, right? So we saw Congressman Keith self doubled down on the facts, calling him Mr in a hearing because that's what he is.


And now here's Representative McBride calling conservatives and Republicans. The weird ones. Watch this. The Republican Party is obsessed with culture war issues. It is weird and it is bizarre. And the American people deserve serious legislators, serious elected officials who are focused on bringing people together to deliver real results for the American people. Not to play games and not to engage in school yard taunts. Listen, first of all, I'm gonna, I'm gonna start with a mean comment here. I know that that's a man because that outfit is horrible.


Now to the serious stuff, these culture war issues matter because if you don't know what a woman is, then you don't have the basis for anything. How can we trust members of Congress or members of the Supreme Court to know anything or to, if you don't understand what a woman is, then you're never going to fight for them. And we've been seeing this over and over again, especially during the Biden administration, them making concessions when it comes to Title IX and allowing men in the bathrooms and, and in the locker rooms and spaces of women. It's sick. And you know, McBride says that conservatives are obsessed with this. I am obsessed with keeping women safe. Thank you. I am obsessed with it and I'm gonna keep calling it out because if, you know, we don't then who is, and certainly we're gonna see this get better under President Trump.


You know, he's pulling federal funding from states that allow men and women's sports and what have you. So, you know, thankfully it's on the up and up. But I just find it interesting that McBride is calling us the weird ones. We are weird. We are weird for wanting bathrooms and locker rooms to be safe for women. If that's weird, then I will wear that badge proudly. You can call me weird if weird is normal, if weird is the new normal, then I'm fine with it. And they tried to call JD Vance weird on the campaign trail. Do you remember that? It was like JD Vance's weird. I mean that was like the media strategy.


That was the Democrat strategy. You know, they were trying to paint JD Vance's weird and you know, over his cat lady, you know, comments from years prior that didn't work now did it because the average American knows that JD Vance is not weird. There are a lot of men just like JD Vance, family men patriots who see JD Vance and know that he's not weird. And they know that the culture issues that conservatives are fighting for are not weird. They are worth fighting for. So calling Republicans weird when we're the ones trying to make America normal again, is certainly classic.


But two Americans who are living a far from normal reality are the astronauts. Butch Wilmore and Sonny Williams. They were supposed to go to the International Space Station for just an eight day trip. And unfortunately they've been there for nine months. They went up there in June and they have been there for nine months still up there. And there have been multiple, multiple attempts to bring them home here. Here's a recent headline, NASA and SpaceX Delay Flight. That was to retrieve stuck astronauts. There was a hydraulic issue, let me see here, here I, I know I have the exact issue that they had.


You know, they, they went up there in a Boeing star liner and that malfunction. So they couldn't take it home. They couldn't take the Starliner home. So they've been up there, like I said, for nine months. And a lot of these missions are six months at a time. So they have to wait for a new crew to come and retrieve them and replace them. So it's been, you know, a long issue. And Trump has even said, you know, we love you. We're coming to get you trying to, you know, quell some fears that, you know, we are working on this. But you know, it it, there, there is some politics here. There's a question, did Biden strand them up there? 'cause Elon Musk is saying, I could have had them back down here, you know, send my, send my crafts.


And that's what we're seeing now. You know, Trump is in office and we're, we're hopefully making moves to have these, these astronauts come home. So, you know, last night they were supposed to take off, this was NASA and, and SpaceX. They were supposed to send a craft and they didn't. It was due to a hhy hydraulics system issue with the Falcon Falcon nine Rocket. They were going to take off again tonight in the 7:00 PM Eastern Time hour. However, they didn't because it is too windy tonight. So they're going the next time that they can attempt to send the rocket is tomorrow at 7:00 PM Eastern Time hour.


So hopefully we get to see this and bring them home. But I was scrolling on social media and I came across a video from one of the astronauts, Butch Wilmore, his daughter. So his daughter took to TikTok and the video was very long. I cut it a little short here, but this is what she had to say. My dad is Barry Wilmore, I'm his daughter Darren. And in June of last year, he went to the internet space station on the crew Fri flight test of the bow star liner. It did not go as planned. So there was thruster issues, there was helium leaks. Now this nine month delay is uncommon and they were originally supposed to stay for eight days.


So to make things really frustrating and he's missed out on a lot and it's been hard if we're being completely honest, like we believe that like it's all that's gone. God's plan. I talk to my dad all the time when I'm at home every day, but because I'm here at college, it's every couple of days or so, but at least we schedule a time every weekend and make sure we talk with him. He sends us a link on a thing called doxy and we're just able to talk with him space FaceTime style and that makes things really nice. But as of recently, we found out that he will most likely be coming back in mid-March, which is so exciting and I miss him so much and I cannot wait to wait for him to hug his neck and see my sister graduate high school and see the show I'm in right now.


But fingers crossed things could always change. And especially with this whole thing, we've had so many changes that it's like a bit mentally exhausting. I just wanna pray for her. You know, it just, I mean obviously it just brings a a human aspect to this story where obviously we feel for these astronauts up there. But she explained, you know, they're fine. You know, people are at the International Space Station for, you know, six months at a time. They're prepared for that. She said, she explained in this video also that, you know, they have places to work out and they're doing a ton of experiments and they're fine and they get to talk to one another. But I mean to hear it from the perspective of Butch Wil Moore's daughter, you know, she's really missing her dad and she's really excited at the aspect of Elon Musk, hopefully bringing her dad and Sonny Williams home very shortly.


So hopefully maybe tomorrow or next week I will be able to give you some good news. Unfortunately, I am gonna be moving to a little bit of bad news here. So this is where, this is the, the part of the show where I start scrolling on my phone and there's a filter on TikTok that allows you, it's sort of like a video game aspect where it gives you four shots and it's like a bullseye and you tap the screen and it's like a gun. And this, this liberal took his, his take at the trend. I wanna show you this, But it's embarrassing to hear Immediately Think you're powerful hair. You work at a coffee shop, I think you're kind of a loser. You Have like, okay, so this is a liberal, he gets the score of 50, a perfect score.


Now this was how liberals reacted in the comments. And maybe you can predict how disgusting they're going to be. But someone commented, where were you this summer? Where were you this summer? They see this vid, this video game aspect video. They see a liberal who has a good shot. I mean obviously this is fake, right? But where were you this summer? Obviously a nod at the assassination attempt on President Trump's life. How horrible. How horrible do you have to be to, to say something like that on the internet?


And I'm gonna call it out. I think this is totally disgusting. And this person was not alone. Someone else commented, get out there and make America proud. That would not make America proud. I think a lot of people saw the assassination attempt on President Trump's life and it drove them to the polls. I think it did. I think Trump surviving that assassination attempt and him throwing the fist up, fight, fight, fight. A lot of voters saw that and said, that's my guy. That's who I'm gonna vote for. Now here are some other, here are some other comments. So there's this orange guy you've been nominated time to take one for the team king.


We'll get you covered with a GoFundMe. Take one for the team brother. I like, I I'm in shock reading these comments. Liberals are so sick that they would turn something like as stupid as this filter. They would turn something so dark, so dark and twisted and deranged. You have to be deranged. But they, they don't care. They're so hateful. They, they dehumanize the other side. It's like they don't see this as a president of the United States almost having his life taken.


This is a grandfather, this is a father And yes this is the president of the United States. Thank goodness. But imagine how sick and twisted you have to be to want him dead. It just, honestly, it, it makes me sick. And someone commented this, if you look at these comments, you can decide which side is good and which is evil. And I couldn't say it better myself. I mean it's truly, truly, it's so sad. It's so sad that our country has gotten so divisive. But it's all the left like the hatred is all coming from the left.


But I do have a more funny, uplifting Trump story for you all. So I wanna throw up this headline. There is a video that has resurfaced from the Apprentice and it says Donald Trump fans stunned after hearing president's real laugh for the first time and resurfaced clip. And I guess people have been saying that Trump doesn't laugh that much. I feel like I see clips all the time of Trump laughing. He seems like a very funny guy. I mean he is hysterical. You know, during his address to the joint session of Congress, he was making me laugh. Maybe he wasn't laughing, but he certainly cracks jokes, that's for sure.


So maybe that's what people are saying, that they don't normally see Trump laughing. He's the one cracking the jokes. I don't know. But I wanna play the, the clip from The Apprentice that everyone's talking about. Ready? I'm really glad it's you. Let's go Mr. Trump. Don't, won't mess up. Step on it. I can't believe this is our president. He's so cool. He's lived so many lives.


Reality show star grandpa, president of the United States. Now they're gonna pull to a stall, a halt here and he's gonna laugh. And this is apparently what everyone's been talking about. Thanks Mario. Wow. Holy Anytime boss. Good luck with the show. So people are saying they don't, they don't hear Trump laugh that often. And I feel like I do. And this is one of the clips that I remember distinctly from the campaign trail the first time President Trump ran for office.


I remember him laughing here. My pilot said, no Mr. Trump, this is something you shouldn't do. What was that? Is that a dog? Hillary? Oh it's Hillary. I love that clip. Only in New Hampshire, right? That was a first. It was a screechy dog then it was a very serious dog, right? Anyway, He's the best. I just think that that was funny. So I certainly have heard Trump laugh before and that was the first clip that came to my mind. But this clip will surely make you all laugh as well. Watch this. This is a, a daughter or a granddaughter I should say, pulling a prank on her maga grandfather saying that she's up for a, an award or a scholarship at her college.


But it's, in order to get this scholarship, you have to be a Democrat. And here, watch this. Okay? Thank you for choosing me to be in the drawing for the 2025 Democratic Great Scholars Awards. I have my Pao with me today. Introduce yourself. I'm Larry And my pa o. I've chosen my Pao 'cause he showed me how great the Democratic party really has been. When Joe Biden won, look at his face President, my pep ball called me so excited because Joe had won and the Democratic party was now in office this year Trump has won. And my pep ball is very sad for this.


Come He starts laughing. Laugh. I can't edit it. It's fine. I can just cut that off. I can cut that off. How come? How come we didn't go with the other round? Because this is the scholarship that they had. It's the only one they had to offer. Ain't I gotta be a Democrat? Yes, He's saying hell no. We cut that Part out. Yeah, he cut it out. Okay. Hey, it was Trump on. I'm happy. Well I know but you just act. Just act like you weren't So when, when Trump won this year, he was very sad for this upcoming election.


But that is okay and my pep ball's gonna share with you today some of the great things that the Democratic Party has done. He can't contain his laughter. I He is a good sport, right? I feel like a lot of grandparents are like that where they would say really a scholarship. You need me to pretend to be a Democrat for a scholarship. I don't think so. So here were some of the comments that I thought were very funny. You can see his blood pressure rising.


When she first started the video, he was doing something with his mouth. It was like he was trying to contain his laughter or something. But someone else said the panic in his face. He tried so hard to keep it together. And finally the way he'd rather pay $10,000 and be called a Democrat. I feel ya, Papa. So let's give some love for papa in the chat. I see some people I love papa. Yeah. Oh hell no. Would you pretend to be a Democrat to get a scholarship for your granddaughter or your son or your daughter? I think people in the chat would would say definitely not. But that is all I have for you on deck tonight. Thank you so much for being in the chat. Make sure that you're subscribing to the show on Apple podcast and on Spotify as well as following right here on the Bonino Report channel.


I will see you right back here tomorrow at 6:00 PM Eastern Time. I can't wait. See you then.