
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. Hey man. We're Not. Doing This. Shit. Again. We're Not. Doing This shit. Again I I. Seriously, I I I. Wanna just throw that on a T-shirt. Now why did I open up the show today? With a clear kick in the chops like that. guess campaign campaigns are what we so bites and snapshots. We understand, right? Everybody gets that. That's what campaigns are. They're little pictures of Mini so bites, I gotta tell you. I've seen a lot of great so bites.


Martha, do you hear yourself from JD There have been other great ones, With, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump could 'cause you'd be in jail. I've not seen a more destructive headline to the Comrade Copycat Kamala campaign who's now a plagiarist too. Then the one in the New York Post. I'm gonna open up the show Again With today and listen. Language alert, it's in the headline. There's No way to avoid it. We're Not Doing This. Shit Again. You'll See when I mean. Also coming up in a second big huge news on the Trump live stream, the biggest live stream, everybody's pounding their fist here in the history of humankind.


There What? There's never ever been a bigger live stream to ever happen. We're expecting 72 million. Okay, slight exaggeration, I'm gonna give you the date. Standby.


Today's show is sponsored by Blackout Coffee. I'll give You money to whoa crap companies that hate you. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bino. Use coupon code bino for 20% off your first to order


and starting off the show today, our next sponsor, You Yes Beam Dream powder. Are you having trouble falling asleep or staying asleep? Listen, I've ve been There. It's not just about feeling tired. The Next, Day the You know poor sleep takes a really bad toll on your body. But, there's hope comes in the form of beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. Seeing we sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused, ready to tackle whatever life throw our way. And life is throwing a lot of our way, especially this morning, gee needs some Beam Dream powder and today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream powder. It's a Science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. Listen, other sleep aids cause Next Day Grogginess Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, altheine apogen and melatonin. I'll help you fall asleep, Day asleep and wake up refreshed. You. Wanna try beam's? Bestselling Dream powder beams now offering Bonino listers an exclusive discount. Get up to 45%. Offer a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at Check out. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


Alright fellas, let's go. Huge announcement. The hugest announcement of all time But You made that word up. It's okay. Friday. Friday It is Wednesday meaning a couple days from now the Trump live stream is happening. Now caveat eor, buyer beware. God forbid there's some other emergency or something. We are scheduled for Friday. I am gonna open up the stream and start the show probably at around. What do You Think guys 9:45 AM Eastern time. The interview is scheduled to start at around 10.


Obviously dependent on President Trump's schedule. Be here 9:45 AM Eastern Time. Friday we're doing It Live. We are doing it live and this is gonna be an interview. You have any suggestions for questions? Michael, check out the chat today. Throw 'em in the chat cause it's s gonna be a different interview. Folks, as I told You yesterday, we're gonna ask all kinds of questions. What did he learn from New York City politics being a real estate developer. New stuff you haven't heard yet. That's what we're doing. It's my executive decision. I've asked him a thousand questions about abortion. The wall taxes. The debt interest rates. I'll happily put them up in a library before the election.


I'm not gonna ask the same questions twice. I want you to know that Donald Trump I know and I Think. This interview's s gonna be magic. Spread the word. Tell everyone Bon Gino army groin crew, get out. There 9:45 AM interview schedule. Start at 10 this Friday. It's s gonna be live. There's s gonna be No edits. It's s gonna be No nothing. It is gonna be me. It's s gonna be Trump up in NYC, the apple and Yes it is going down, down, Down. Don Gee's been working on this all morning. He's ready to quit today. Tell everyone in the chat tell gee not to quit. Gee, it's dui. Say Gee, don't quit, don't leave.


Gee's I great to run out the door. He is been at It all morning. Okay, what are campaigns? They are snapshots and so bites. I can't say this enough. If You don't understand this axiomatic truth about political campaigns, don't ever get involved in politics. If You Think campaigns are about Kamala Harris's 72 page plan for black men in America, which is like weed and all this other stuff which is really offensive, you are outta your mind. That's not what they're about. People remember little pictures, They saw campaigns fight to fight picture right am I right and They remember so bites. Fight, fight, fight. You know, do You hear yourself Martha, this is what people remember. This may be the most powerful headline of the election cycle so far.


Here's what I'm talking about. New York post ladies and gentlemen, this is big. This is big time. There's border patrol agents interviewing With, the New York Post and says and I quote, if Kamala Harris wins I mean Not doing this shit Again, what do you Think about A shirt We're Not. Doing This. Shit Again. You guys, would you guys be cool With that Paula, if you're listening I Think, we should do that. We've only got a little bit of time before the election. That would be a total banger. We're Not, Doing This shit. Again, Folks. Listen man, this is bad. Here's why. Let me explain to You guess surface level thinking doesn't do you any good? Anyone can go on the air and go, this is a bad headline.


Why? Two reasons. First is the one s just told you about it. The the so bite out of this Not Doing This shit Again the headline is just awful for the left. It's terrible if people on the inside at border patrol are telling You know media reporters. Now you have No idea how bad It is. We're all leaving. If Kamala Harris wins It is an absolutely devastating headline cause immigration rates, is that one of the top five issues in just about every swing state? Try winning Arizona without the support of border patrol. Good luck. Okay, But second They have a big problem now. Campaigns are not just snapshots and so bites in a binary system like we have it's contrast.


Contrast aren't as easy in a six seven way race. That's why the Ross Perot, George HW Bush, bill Clinton race was so hard to call in advance cause nobody really knew were you lean in Perot if you didn't like Perot, were You gonna go Clinton or Bush If you didn't like Bush, were You gonna go Clinton or Perot? They're in binary races like We have now. Yeah you got Jill Stein and others But. They're not polling anywhere within, you know a margin of error. Even for the poll. When you have a binary, a campaign is a contrast, it's an A to B contrast. It's this drug versus that drug. It's Pepsi versus Coke. The contrast could not be any worse. You've got a bunch of people on the left telling us we've gotta listen to experts.


Whether it's get the Covid vaccine, wear the masks, all this bullshit They told us, listen to the experts, the globe is melting. A OC says we're all gonna be dead in 10 years. It's all bullshit. They tell us But, you gotta listen to the science You gotta listen to the experts. so when you get an expert, a border patrol agent who literally works at the border patrol, that's what They do saying we're all leaving They know how bad Kamala Harris and a victory for Kamala Harris would be and Folks, if They leave you're gonna have absolute chaos at the border. Now I want you to see how I put this together to show You Again contrast. so bites, snapshots, this is what matters in a freaking campaign.


If you don't understand It the show not for you, I'm sorry, contrast this. The left says listen to experts. You got a guy blowing up a headline saying we're Not doing this shit Again, we're the experts on the board. This woman's gonna destroy it. We're all gonna leave. Then You got Trump yesterday. Trump who has No problem sitting for hours at a time. With anyone who wants to talk to him within reason where he can get a message out who has a platform? Trump goes and sits down With a not so friendly moderator yesterday at Bloomberg. The Bloomberg guy runs Bloomberg, obviously not a right-leaning Howled sits down With Donald Trump and Donald Trump. This is how he talks to the experts.


Folks, this was a devastating contrast yesterday in what a campaign's supposed to look like versus a total shit show the Kamala campaign. Watch this, check this out. People are betting that your policies are gonna drive up debt, they're gonna drive up inflation so they're gonna drive up inflation rate interest rates. Are the investors wrong? Yeah, I had four years. No inflation. I had four years. No inflation But. That was, that was when You had much I had four years, it's better than that. And Biden, who has No idea where the hell he is? Okay, Biden went two years. With No inflation. guess he inherited from me and then They started spending money like drunken sailors.


Folks, you've got a guy pretending to be an expert on the economy saying a bunch of expert economists. Wait, are these the same ones who told us inflation would be transitory? Are these the same ones that told us Joe Biden had some economic inflation reduction act that will reduce inflation and wind up going back up? Again Folks experts are bullshit. You ever I want You to look this up? Can I give You a bit of homework? Homework. Everybody hates homework. I'm sorry But in this case take the negative connotation off, off it. I want you to look this up this term the pretense of knowledge by Hayek and others. The idea that experts can figure out a complex economy of 330 million people is frankly hilarious.


It's so ridiculously stupid that the fact that we keep get pumped full of propaganda by these pseudo experts who keep being proven wrong and that morons still believe them is hilarious. The are these the same experts Again who told us masks work the vaccine is gonna stop the spread of covid. Are these the same experts who told us No, don't worry about inflation, it's transitory I e, it's gonna go away quickly. It got worse. They don't know what they're talking about. You have to understand They study. You wanna understand why They suck so bad at what They do. A lot of these experts are not macro thinkers anymore. They've gotten their PhDs in some isolated area of economics. so walled off. It's like claiming you're an expert in baseball cards.


guess you grew up With. Say Don Mattingly. You may know a lot about Don Mattingly and how what he hit in high school. You have No idea about the baseball card market at all. You, get what I'm saying? You are an expert in one little thing and you're expanding that little small subset of knowledge about this one baseball player Don Mattingly and assuming like you're an expert on the baseball card market, that's what happened. Look up the pretense knowledge and listen to Hayek and others explain how this is fake knowledge. It's not real. Now contrast that With the border patrol agent who's actually on the ground, who's telling you this is what I visually see every Day. The economists like this guy from Bloomberg saying expert economists have said that most of these idiots don't even own a business.


They have No freaking idea. They've never run an operation. They don't know about CapEx working capital opportunity costs They don't know how to leapfrog interest rates. They have No idea what they're talking about. Trump has actually been There, he's actually Don it. He actually, when I say been There and Don It, I'm not only talking about business, don't we get the presidency? You can say all You want expert economists said inflation explode under Donald Trump. Donald Trump's answer. There is beautiful. That's strange. I was the president and We didn't have inflation at all. We hit the same fed marker. They say They wanna hit every year 2% to grow the money supply I don I I don't agree With.


That But the truth. What are you talking about? We've ve been There. There's a contrast. Contrast, contrast, contrast. You. See how Trump sets it up perfectly? What are You Helix like? What are you idiots talking about? There has been four years of the Trump presidency. There have been, you have an ab design right in front of you Folks and it gets worse. Listen, I. I love science. I mean It real science, not fake science. I do, I'm actually obsessed. With It I also love social sciences and I love pseudosciences too. Like economics, which is a pseudoscience. But There are some principles of economics that work.


I Pleading ignorance doesn't work either. And I want you to see Again the contrast in this campaign. I'm gonna show You JD Vance coming up in a second. But tampon and Tim first, how does this look? This is Kamala Harris's vice president. They're pleading to You Again. Listen to the experts. The PhD economy is saying Trump's gonna smash the economy despite having grown the economy. Covid people telling you to take the vaccine. They love to plead to experts except when They Think ignorance makes 'em look good. Here is this absolute bag tampon Tim. He said this out loud, trying to take a pot shot at a poor kid who grew up to become a marine, a lawyer, a venture capitalist and a successful businessman.


His name is JD Vance tampon. Tim wasn't Don jack shit in his life and lied about what he did do. Actually said this out loud. Check this out. And Senator Vance, he became a media darling. He wrote a book about the place he grew up But. The premise was was trashing that place where he grew up rather than lifting it up. This guy's a venture capitalist cosplaying like he's a cowboy or something. I don't even know what a venture capitalist does most of the time. Holy shit is tampon. Tim did he ever did. This guy got a tampon stuck in his medulla oblong. You don't know what a venture capitalist does.


Here's what They do. They invest money in an economy in selective sectors that They Think are gonna grow their business assets so They can invest in other companies. How dumb are you? You are actually a governor of a big prominent state west of here and you're running for vice president and you don't know what a venture capitalist does. And You said it out loud. Well and Justin said it right? There's like five or six things in It I I can't stand this guy. Almost worse than Kamala Harris. He cosplaying as a cowboy. You didn't even know how to load your own gun. Justin has already volunteered. Justin B to fly out, you dip shit and show you how to load the shotgun like he's a cowboy while you were cosplaying.


Look at this guy. Look at this. Who's cosplaying the cowboy who's cosplay, right? He's got a he someone just bought it that shirt for him off an Amazon site and They They put in their favorite left wing com search engine. What kind of flannel shirt will make tampon Tim a or so? Tim? Look like a man. Look at this. I don't even know what a venture capitalist fo canoe. We know You don't tampon T We know you know what tampons are? How freaking embarrassing Cosplays a cowboy. JJD Vance was a US Marine while You were engaging in stolen valor. Telling people you were in all kinds of places implying You were in combat. You are full of shit man. The people you worked With in the military can't stand You.


Cosplaying as a cowboy learn to load a freaking shotgun. It's not hard here You want some innuendo? There's a hole. Stick it in. There's only a one place to go. There. What a moron. Taking a shot at a guy who grew up and he you Hillbilly Elegy was not taking a shot at his small town. It was taking a shot at a lot of industrial policies that hollowed the small town out. Did You even see the movie You dumb shit. I can't stand this guy Tampon Tim and I gotta tell you I mean. so proud of the fact that Kat Turd and I got that moniker out.


There and it's s gonna be With him the rest of his life. The tampon guy, the hero of the tampon in the men's room. Contrast fellas. Ladies contrast. Contrast that With JD Vance, JD Vance who's got the balls to go to tampon Tee State that he ran into the ground Minnesota after supporting riots after letting the city burn down. Here he shows up at the Min Minneapolis police precinct that was taken over right in front of the people who were nearly killed during the Floyd riots. Tampon tea did nothing about. And here he is, right in the lions den, taking It to tampon tea.


Contrast. Contrast. Listen to this First just S just wanna say a little bit about what this building behind us represents so you can see it's all boarded up. This is of course the headquarters of the third precinct which was burned down thanks to burned out I should say thanks to Tim Wallace's completely failed leadership. And you know, talking to these Folks behind me, I mean these are law enforcement officers. A lot of them were here, some of them for many days when this was allowed to happen. And remember during those riots, these guys were given up for dead. Their police chiefs told them to stand down hoping that it would save their lives. A couple of them just told me just now their fear that They would be killed by the violent mob that was attacking this precinct.


And the important question is, what were their leaders in particular? What was Governor Tim Walsh doing to keep these officers safe and to bring order to the city of Minneapolis? What was he doing? Notice how he asked in the form of a question. Folks questions are always better than assertions. Why? Another lesson in politics if you're ever gonna run, someone told me once, I cannot take credit for this. It's one of the most valuable lessons I ever learned. If you're ever in a room of people, start With a question. They can. Their brain cannot stop processing. You can't. You can't. It's like when You do this, You dead check you ever dead check. Well You, hopefully You never had a dead check. Anyone But if You learn this kind of stuff in the secret service, how to dead check people.


You wanna make sure they're dead. You put down a terrorist You wanna walk away, he gets up and shoot You. You know how to dead check. You do the sternum thing or you do the eye poke They. Why? How is it a dead check? guess when you go like this, if they're alive and they're conscious Trust me, they're gonna move, they're gonna move. And there's No like block. Okay, guess maybe like the you like the Three Stooges. No, No, It doesn't work that ain't know You. Okay, what the hell was I even talking about There, I don I Don don't even know how I get so who knows When the hell was that asking me a question? Ask me what question. No. You were talking about asking questions instead. Oh asking questions instead of making statements. Yes you can, that's right.


guess thank you for the reminder. See I guess sometimes even I get lost in it. I get lost. Wasn't There a song in the eighties? If you ask someone a question while you're doing a political speech, rather than making an assertion, in other words saying something like Hey, do You Think tax cuts cost the government money? Rather than saying tax cuts don't cost the government money, They instantly challenge the assertion while the question makes them process information. That's what j D's doing here. What was Tim Wal doing now? so he's hoping someone goes and looks up. What was Tim Wal doing? He was actively incentivizing the riots in his city. Is this what You want a public safety, illegal immigration inflation election? You want a guy in There who couldn't even control his own state?


Man are You shitting me? Folks don't get cocky though. I'm seeing a lot of this out. There, we gotta close strong. We gotta run through the tape and it is time to bury the gas pedal. We've got 19 days left. I'm gonna Folks the election's already here. Georgia open to absolutely record numbers today in the early voting, get out and vote early. Show up in person. Bank your vote, show up in person. Bank your vote. Everybody I know everyone. All the insiders I know that are With us in the MAGA movement are saying They need the early vote this time. Or what they're gonna do is they're gonna play the Red Mirage narrative. Again. That's what they're gonna do. We've gotta steal the Red Mirage narrative from them.


You know what the Red Mirage Now let me write this down so I don't forget 'cause I got lost. There I know doesn't happen a lot. But It does happen. It happened on TV once. I was just like, all right, screw it, we're going somewhere else. I'm we get take a quick break and I wanna explain to you why early voting matters. Justin's like this is part of the show. It is now super important.


Hey Birch Gold With the tax hike proposed by Kamala and almost 40% top income tax rate, 7% increase in the corporate tax and unrealized capital gains tax and studies showing she's gonna add trillions to the current $2 trillion deficit over the next 10 years. You'll probably Think it's time to make more of your savings tax sheltered and inflation sheltered. That's why I trust the good people at Birch Gold Group to help you. Birch Gold will assist You in converting an existing I RA of 401k into an I RA in gold. And the best news You, don't pay a penny out of pocket, just text the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get a free info kit on gold. There's No obligation, just information on how you could fortify your savings before the crazy really hits With an a plus rating With a better business bureau and thousands of happy customers you can trust Birch gold too. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit today. Message and data rates supply


Folks. This is the most important thing I'm gonna tell you today. With regards to political tactics and strategic The left has this thing called the Red Mirage guess. Republicans in the past have traditionally voted on election Day and not taken advantage of early mo voting, which I can't tell you enough, is a huge mistake. It's a huge mistake for a number of reasons, including the fact that emergencies happen. Internet wipeouts happen on election. Day There are long lines. People get frustrated, kids get sick in Arizona. They ran out of printer paper and who gets screwed? Republicans It makes No sense. If we're stuck With early voting, which I don't like But, we're stuck.


With it to give the Democrats a massive headstart in a foot race. It makes No sense zero. The Red Mirage is this phenomenon where it looks like the Republican is winning. 'cause we've shown up on election Day and some of those ballots are counted first and then what They do is They start counting the mail ins and the early stuff and the Democrats magically go, oh look, We won. There's a way to prevent that. There is a way to not to prevent the cheating. Some of them are gonna cheat But the degree of It, I, Think, we've, we can make this thing too big to rig if you vote early Folks, the numbers They will, it will show in many states how many Republicans versus how many Democrats showed up to vote.


It will show there's nothing They can do about that It now With, keep in mind It doesn't show who You voted for. Do you understand what I'm saying? just you're a Republican who showed up, you may vote. Harris There are Democrats who show up who may very well vote Trump. All it shows is how many registered Republicans, democrats, and Independents showed up. This is what I'm get at. If you vote early and it's say a hundred thousand Republican early voter lead and how many Republicans showed up, not necessarily Trump votes. But Republicans show up. Folks. It makes it really, really hard on them for election Day to mysteriously find that many more ballots.


I'm not telling you it's impossible, I'm saying it really Fs things up for them. Get out and vote early. Please foot on the gas floor that sucker man get that Mustang Camaro, Corvette, whatever the hell Lamborghini you got and that political Lamborghini and floor that SOB and run through the damn tape. Guess Kamala can't save herself. She is on a downward spiral like I have not seen since I was a young kid and the Dukakis campaign freaking imploded at the end. Dukakis was running against George HW Bush.


He was leading in that race and With like three to four months to go. What happened to him is happening to Kamala. The tank picture the thing completely melted down. And the thing about the big Mo versus the No mo, the momentum that Donald Trump has versus the No momentum Kamala Harris has is It like momentum. If You understand physics, once that object comes to rest it's, it's a lot of energy to get it moving. Again Trump is now rolling that ball downhill. Here's what I mean. Kamala is her worst weapon. Donald Trump shows up, answers questions for almost two hours in front of Bloomberg. A hostile questioner. It just not almost interrogating Donald Trump.


He does incredible, incredible. so bites are everywhere, all over the place. And here's the guy who probably is a Kamala fan. I don't even know saying in the beginning. Yeah, Kamala Harris didn't even wanna show up. That's how scared this woman is. Check this out. The first is Just for the record and for those people watching on television, the economic club of Chicago and Bloomberg both invited Vice President Harris to a similar interview about her economic plans that she has declined so far. 19 days. 19 days. Foot gas cash No. This is not karate man. This is not karate man. Notice There was No. This is karate man, this is foot and this is not kicking the ass either.


Sometimes We do that, kick him in the here it may look similar, may look similar. This is not karate man nor the get to work. This is foot on. It all looks similar 'cause I'm too old to make different movements 'cause my muscles don't move anymore 'cause I'm a rotting carcass. But, I'm still vote. Justin are you voting I mean voting. Damn right, you're voting. It does. If I find out you didn't vote. I'm looking up at your voter file. I'm gonna be furious. s just it straight Folks It. just quick question for the chat. If Justin doesn't vote, should we fire him immediately? Bino, if this isn't 99% I know he is gonna vote But.


If he doesn't, if he doesn't, should we fire him immediately? Okay, we'll wait for Binos results. Justin put them on the screen and please do not manipulate the voter outcome to benefit yourself. Folks There are two things. We got 19 days I don't have time for bullshit. We got 19 days to run through the tape and win this thing and change America. Your country's not gonna save itself. You are as my friend Ginny Thomas says all the time, we are the leaders we've been waiting for. Don't wait for someone else to save the country. You do It. It's your country too. We're not Democrats, we're not automaton robots. We don't need some master central queen bee to tell us what to do. We do It on our own. We are political entrepreneurs. We are gonna take the country and we're gonna save It and I'm telling You right now, There are two things.


There are two things in my triage of important things we need to do on election. Day that are gonna determine this election. Is that Yes? Everybody's said, you're out. You're totally out. You're fired. People are going With the Trump, you're fired, you're out. You're totally outta It. If he doesn't vote now it's ridiculous. Like out don these single No winner. He's gone. He's gone. I mean poor kids' gonna vote. I mean he always votes. He's gone. Get him out. You're fired. Get him out. Two things you need to watch these two things. Pennsylvania and the and the minority black vote. Watch them. guess I'm telling You right now. Although 2030 things matter in this election that matter a lot. Wisconsin, Arizona, immigration, we get It. I'm m just telling you as your friend. As your friend, if PA goes one to two points Pennsylvania for Trump and the black vote we get, oh, it's over.


You're definitely at, who are the 5% of people that are letting you not vote? Is that a mean Bino every instantly banned instantly. Instantly banned. Get him outta hell. Yes. Hell yeah. Oh hell yeah. Is that what hell yeah. Folks, Pennsylvania and the black vote, he wins Pennsylvania by one to two points or more and he wins the black vote. He wins say 15 to 18% of the black vote. It's over. I'm telling you, It almost doesn't even matter what happens anywhere else. The race is over. guess the black vote will tip. Wisconsin, Arizona and other there's s just No chance. Okay, I say that 'cause I've got two videos for You. They were they're a little bit longer than I typically play. They're about a minute 20 or so I. Try to keep these things to a minute. But man.


I promise you They are so worth your time. I am sensing something different in the black community we've heard before. Oh, black voters are get upset. With the terrible governance in Chicago and Cleveland and LA and New York and elsewhere and it hasn't really moved the needle much in the Republican direction. There is something different about the Trump era. I got two videos coming up for you. Next I want you to save 'em 'cause they're really, really powerful. Last break of the show. I'm we get to that. I got a lot more ahead, including a big scandal in Virginia. With, the Department of Justice trying to get illegals registered to vote. Don't go anywhere. Quick break.


Hey. I've been using the bone charge, infrared sauna blanket and red lights face mask. Ever since They sent 'em to me, I can't recommend 'em enough. Paula was using the red light face mask last night too. It's great for your skin. Amazing. I turned to the sauna blanket cause sauna. If You, just look up what It does. It's amazing for muscle recovery, detoxification. It's a game changer for me. It's easy to use. You wrap yourself up. You let the infrared heat just work. Its magic. I've noticed. Really an incredible difference in not just my recovery from workouts. Listen, I'm 50 I. Don't recover fast anymore. But also in my sleep. I. Its Check it out. The sauna puts me to sleep. The red light face mask is equally impressive. Paula uses It to help improve her skin. It also helps, helps you sleep. There's something about red light reduce inflammation too. She's seen some amazing results. Her skin looks smoother, more vibrant and the overall tones even down. It's like having a little mini spa treatment right in your own house. If you're thinking about trying 'em out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com/ Bon Gino B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E and use the code bonino at Check out to get 15% off. These products are amazing. They've made a really positive impact on my life. I'm obsessed With Life hacks Folks. When You hit 35, 40, 50, 60 years old, take advantage of every angle You can get your home for life hacks, bone charge use code Bon Gino at B-O-N-C-H-A-R GB bone charge.com/ Bon Gino and save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. A not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


And our last sponsor today is, is oh Blackout Coffee. You know I love Blackout Coffee, right? It is the official coffee of the Dan Bongino Show Yes Blackout Coffee uses premium grade coffee beans. The owner. By the way, John loves America and that's great We. Love that. But being American's about being an entrepreneur and producing good products too. You can't just say Hey You. Know what? I love American in the Second Amendment. I want you to buy my product. He has the best coffee out There, premium grade coffee beans. The best customer service around I personally recommend Blackout Coffee I. Love it. Here's my recommendations. The dark chocolate, amazing dark chocolate flavor flavor. The cinnamon French toast. Amazing. The blueberry crumble. Incredible. Skip the lines. Order online. The Folks at Blackout Coffee shipped within 48 hours of roasting. Do me a favor, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bongino See when I'm talking about don't drink that corporate well. Crap Coffee, brown water. It's garbage. Blackout Coffee. That's our coffee here. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch today to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it. Thanks blackout.


Let's get to these videos. I wanna show you this first 'cause this is something Justin. You've been here a while. I've been talking about this for a long time. To black voters out There I mean I. Forget black voters to black citizens of this country. This is your country. It's our country. It's all of ours. Scroll that out. By the way, It drives me nuts. I I mean Wanna make a really pure, candid, heartfelt pitch to You unlike the Democrat party that takes you for granted. I'm not gonna sit here and tell You all Democrats don't like you or hate you or whatever. I I don't know that. It'd be ridiculous for me to say that I am here to tell you one thing, however I'm absolutely sure about the conservative Republican Party is your home.


You. Love your families. You love your jobs. You love being able to go out and work and keep your money and send your kids to good schools. There is nothing different about what your values. Our values. I know I've knocked on thousands of doors in primarily wealthy middle class and even some struggling communities who happen to be black, white and otherwise and talk to thousands of black voters. The values are absolutely No different. We want You in our MAGA movement so badly. We will welcome You With open arms. I've issued a challenge many times. Justin, you've heard me say It. Go to a MAGA rally. I'm just asking You to go. Go one time, go to a Trump rally.


cause everything you've been told about these bullshit artists are from the left about us is fake and I can prove It to You. They can't. They're gonna tell you they're Nazis whistle. The lady Hitler They kill people at these rallies. Children are sacrificed. They rip heart out and eat them. Okay, that's all bullshit. Of course They just made It all up. guess they're freaking crazy. I'm just asking you to go and watch how You were openly embraced. Unlike the Democrats that take the black vote for granted. We are sitting here on bend knee saying, just give us a look man. We share the same values. I want you to listen to this black man who went to a Trump rally and the experience he had this I promise, this is worth your time.


Check this out. Bro. s just had my man There was a Trump rally out in in Long Island. I had my man Jamar Milton go on behalf of the God power With Lord Jamar on YouTube. And he said it was packed as fuck. He said as a black man, he felt No racism whatsoever out There. He was They actually like brought him in type of shit. You know what I mean? Like he felt welcomed to been There by the people that was There who he didn't feel welcomed by were the demonstrators that were against Trump.


They were the ones looking at him like, oh, what are you doing over There like, and he didn't have any Trump regalia or anything like that. He was just There to do interviews just to say, why are You voting for Trump? Why are You voting for Kabbalah like and he was being harassed by what we have now termed as radical Democrats. Okay, guess There are radical Democrats out There. What do you Think? that was who tried to kill assassinate Trump? Those are radical Democrats. Y'all are acting like the Republicans of the ones With the guns and all of that. But radical Democrats have now twice tried to kill this nigga.


Man, Folks. I. I'm just putting that out There. It ain't me talking, it's him. I'm not black I, don't know the black experience. I'm Italian, Irish and German and English and French and whatever. I, Don But know a lot of stuff. I'm m just telling you it doesn't matter. There is nothing predetermined about your life, about the melanin component of your skin. That what people are telling You about the conservative movement, the magma movement, even a Republican party, which hasn't been great at this I get It is bullshit. Go See. when this gentleman did go look for yourself. just go look.


That's all I'm asking. I promise you his experience is not anomalous. It is not in any way unique. I promise you, how many people in the chat been to a Trump rally? I bet. It's a lot of You. Let me see. Can You vouch for me? This is exactly the experience. Hispanic men, women, Asian women, Jewish women, Arab women, men, black men and women. Nobody cares. They're happy you are There. They're just happy to See. we Folks. I'm telling you, I'm seeing something on the ground and this phenomenon, With the black folk. Look, I've been writing down some questions for President Trump for our interview on Friday, our live stream.


One of 'em I wanna bring up to him is I'm telling you his lasting gift to the Republican party. I promise you is going to be, he's the first Republican candidate in 30, 40 years to break through to the black community and crack that liberal messaging machine that is going to be his best gift. Now I said I have two videos. This one's a little different. This isn't about a Trump rally. This is a black woman in Chicago in front of a bunch of bureaucrat politicians on her council or whatever. And man, she is absolutely redlining over the bullshit.


Democrats are pulled in this once, great city and you wanna talk about is it bad? I actually wore this shirt today. guess of this clip. Is it bad enough yet Don don't know about everyone else. But. It's definitely bad enough for this lady. Get ready man. Get your Blackout Coffee for this one. This is badass. Check this out like in The words of X, who told us what? That the white liberal is the worst enemy coming up in here acting like y'all representing some social justice. Say that. so all along say that all you're doing is trying to use black people. Say that to find a reason to make some money say that. Let me tell y'all something over There With, duh.


The Democratic party is abuse the black America. Come and clean it up. Do just like, just do like that Tulsa lady You better get up out the democratic party. Save yourself. guess if y'all don't. We coming for the seats. We have taken No from a bunch of people who have broke into the country and now have completely broke the city, have completely dis displaced the United States of America. America isn't disgrace. The number one function of a president is to be the commander in chief. You tell me anything about a cobell heritage that look like she can protect this country after y'all Don settle up here and that it get overwritten.


With a bunch of easement. Nigga ever. Y'all Don sat up here and put America's hands in all kind of wars and you telling me attack on that, that ran from duty. Come don know what race is going. Protect this country. The devil isn't allowed. This is karate man. Double leg. The double the jump kick. The sidekick, the roundhouse, the tide kick body.


This may be the longest karate man ever doing like cardio today. They get all sweaty doing karate. You, you're telling me you tampon man's double karate man. Chops everywhere. Karate man everywhere in the Chad karate, the Chad is blowing up With karate man. The Chad is blowing up. With karate man. Folks We. Why are We the superman? Look at this freaking Chad. Karate men are karate man everywhere.


Karate men everywhere. I'm telling you something is happening. I've never seen anything like this ever. This is happening everywhere. Donald Trump has broken through the messaging wall the Democrats have put up. Don't listen to these Republicans. There, fill in the blank. Some expletive They call us or some ridiculous analogy. Trump has broken through that completely There are gonna be generational changes to the Republican party.


Generational changes. That was my cardio for the Day. I Think. My heart rate's like 180 right now. Wish I still had the AAL ring. I'd tell You not as Folks. This is real. It is our job as conservatives, supporters of the MAGA movement and Republicans, the good ones, at least I, get It. We have our mutts too. Unfortunately, It is our job to go out and get this message to the black and Hispanic community that for so long has been taken for granted and neglected by Democrats who do this to the black community.


That's what They do. And this medical records thing going on right now is another fiasco. I have never seen a campaign in such chaos. Folks, why are We the supermarket on this show? Anybody in the chato? guess we bring receipts every time the campaign is freaking out. The Kamala Harris campaign. There's stories now that the campaign is in disarray. I'll, I'll play it for You tomorrow. There's Politico pieces and others. The campaign's in disarray in Pennsylvania. Why do people do that? guess They. The Pennsylvania people who get paid for being political. so consultants on how to win Pennsylvania.


Think about it. Democrats and Republicans hire them to win the state. They are terrified. Kamala Harris is losing. so they're pretextual putting out narratives, trying to blame her. so They don't lose money in the future. Follow the money bro. Follow the money and this will all makes sense. That is why these stories are coming out. You got Kamala Harris appearing on Fox News. Someone told her you gotta do something to get some Republican votes, you're gonna lose. And in a what? What did she do? The same. Day They agree to that. She comes out With this thing attacking Columbus. Day you European disease spreaders. so left winger got in ar ear and said, Hey say something crazy. The nutty communist liberals are like, she doesn't know who to listen to.


That's where this crazy medical records thing came from. Someone said, Hey, throw a hail. Mary, let's imply Donald Trump is I gonna die from some disease and he's hiding. It. Where'd that come from? Who the F knows? Folks. They made it up. They hid Joe Biden's condition for what? Six years running for office and in the presidency, They hid this guy's cognitive obvious cognitive decline. You can see It, the guy's got SpaghettiOs for brains. You can see it. And now all of a sudden they're all concerned about medical records. I really like this guy on CCNN, which is I Again. How They haven't fired this guy. Scott Jennings. I have No idea. I have No idea how They keep letting the money air. This guy goes on CNN and speaks the truth.


Here he is saying exactly that. Like Hey, Kamala You. Really? Sure you wanna rock and roll With this medical records thing. 'cause I'm not sure this is really a winning argument for you. Check this out. I Think, I Think. A couple things. Number one, if I were Harris I wouldn't be leaning too heavily into who's hiding what kind of medical conditions of people who are or wanna be the president given her role in lying about the condition of Joe Biden for the last four years. That's number one. Number two, I I, don't Think. This works for her. I Think, I'm, I'm back in the same bucket. I was earlier. You're not selling your own candidacy, you're punching Donald Trump in the same way every other Democrat we've ever heard from for the last eight, nine years has punched this guy.


That's not the problem. With your campaign. We've heard all the attacks on Trump. If she cannot sell her own candidacy any better than just punching on him, I'm for her. If I ever in her camp, s just don't know it's s gonna be enough. That's my view. But But, here's You. know I, Again, I, I, I I. Really like this guy. I've never met him. Folks, by the way, a lot of these people, you know, you run into people in green rooms and stuff. If you're in, you know it's No different. If you're a local carpenter, you're at a job site. You see the same HVAC people over and over when you do this and you know You travel over, you meet the same crowd. I've never met this guy. At least I don't Think I have, what did he say? There, that was wrong. You have thrown every single argument at Donald Trump.


Oh my gosh. He's a felon, he's an outlaw. He did this, he did that. He said, well, none of it's actually true. You made it all up and and this is your closing argument. I. I need to see his cholesterol. Your, yeah, this is your closing argument. You're like, you know Dr. Joey bag of donuts. We need to see your cholesterol level. Sir, this is it. This is the best you got. I've got an idea. Let's see the amyloid plaque levels of Joe Biden's brain and let's ask Kamala Harris how she didn't realize There were physical manifestations to an amyloid problem via some kind of dementia issue. Let's ask that and then we'll get to Donald Trump's cholesterol levels.


This is not an argument. Folks You know what It is. It's this. What am I doing? Do I have a football here? I used to. Dan Hampton sent me a football one time. They guy. Oh the Chicago Bears. Who in love? Dan Hampton sent me over. It's a hail Mary. It's all this is it. Don't know what to do. They're throwing shit at the wall to See when sticks and what doesn't. I wanna get to some really important stuff. This, this segment here is critical. I gave you a lot of good news here in the beginning of the show. The border patrol. so bite we're Not, Doing This, shit.


Again, which I Think in my opinion is devastating. The campaign collapsed. The chaos, the Bloomberg event, everything yesterday went right for Donald Trump. Knock on wood, it continues foot on the gas. The bad news. Folks, They are going to cheat. There are 12 million illegals in the country or probably honestly more But play it on the low end. So we can't be accused of bias or anything, right? Say this 12 million, it's probably 20 if even 1% of them vote. It's a lot of people. And especially in a tight election, it can hurt if They try to vote or if someone votes for them on a ballot.


That's what liberals don't talk about. Oh, illegals won't vote. They know It's illegal. Yeah. What if someone gets a ballot votes for him? I didn't Think of that man. That's why the state of Virginia and the Republican governor you're gonna see here, his name is, he's a Republican. Glenn Kin is trying to clean up the roles saying something really simple. We have a form. If you cannot say you're a citizen, you cannot register to vote. You never believe it. The Biden administration, actually you will guess, you know their hacks is suing the state of Virginia to make sure said illegals not citizens also also can cause not always the same thing. Some people could be in the legal process.


But not citizens yet. Some are just illegal. You still can't register. They're suing the state of Virginia. The Biden team Now, Glenn young went on CNN and corrected the record here. They've given people multiple chances to just say one simple thing. This is gonna be a fact sheet for you on what this law is. guess liberals are already freaking out telling people, oh, No, No, No. This is gonna kick people and purge the roles. Kick people off. No No, you get multiple chances to fix it. Kin does a masterful job on CNN. Correcting the record here, check this out. Why not just honor that 90 Day period? Well, lemme just first begin. It's anything But a purging program. It begins With, someone identifying themself as a non-citizen and I.


Guess I would pos it back to you. Do You Think that non-citizens, when they've self-identified as a non-citizen should Day on the voter roll and therefore be in a position to potentially vote in a presidential election? I don't Think. I don't I don't Think. any non-citizens should vote. How are They self-identifying? How does that happen? They Actually tick a box that says I am a non-citizen or They. Do not answer the question that They are a citizen and therefore They self-identify that They are not a citizen in the United States of America. And this is why this is so out of bounds in my mind from the Justice department. They fully understand this. They understand the process starts With a person, self-identifying as a non-citizen and then There is a match.


With that person's name on the voter rolls and They are given not just one But up to three times in order to try to cure it. And this is why I find this to be a very, very unreal moment. That is stunning that They filed this suit 25 days before a presidential election when in fact this has been going on in accordance With, our constitution, the federal constitution and state law since 2006. Folks, you're given multiple opportunities to tell people you're a citizen of the United States and You don't take It then You don't go on the voter rolls. It's as simple as that. Why does the Biden administration, why are They suing?


They are suing. guess They want non-citizens and illegals on the voting rolls. That's what has me concerned about this upcoming election. Also, Folks, the media has the insane propaganda, communist, agile prop Media has gone so far off the deeper end 'cause They were in the deep end before at this point they've thrown away any shred of human dignity at all. CPS, which is embroiled right now in monstrous scandals, editing the Kamala Harris interview to make her answer appear more cogent, coherent, the any HEI coach scandal where They They, they've, they're lecturing a reporter for asking questions.


This thing has blown up on CBS. You would, Think CBS would take a step back and say, Hey man, this did not release in the transcript of the Kamala Harris interview. This is an opportunity for us to course correct They. Did It Again, did You see this story? They did. It Again speaker Mike Johnson goes on CBS and is asked a specific question about FEMA and some funding. This is, if you're watching or listening, excuse me on Apple or Spotify and You want, it's easier to watch. You're gonna see, first you're gonna see his actual answer he gave or when, then you're gonna see the edited answer and you're gonna see they're not the same thing.


CBS spliced out a huge chunk of the answer to apparently make It seem like basically he didn't know what he was talking about. They did It Again watch the evidence yourself. Check this out. so that's A different accounting than this 2% You say was distributed. Yeah, so they've obligated some funds. But, they've only distributed 2%. The rescue and recovery effort's still going on and then We address the rest of it. So that's a different accounting than this 2% You say was distributed. Yeah, so they've obligated some funds. But, they've only distributed 2%. And when I was There on the ground and You should go, I mean bring the cameras and talk to the people. There they'll tell you don't, don't take politicians' words for this or the administration's word. Talk to the people There on the ground. They had not been provided the resources almost two weeks out from the storm that They desperately needed.


And when I was There 13 days post, you know, post the storm hitting that state, people are still being rescued. They're stuck in the higher elevations in the mountains cause the roads are down and all the rest. so They need every, every available resource in all hands on deck. The rescue and recovery effort's still going on and then we address the rest of it. Folks, it is clear. Mike Johnson and his office did something really smart. There do You get why the audio in the second part, the real answer was lower. guess They had set up a camera to make sure that CBS didn't pull a Kamala Harris and edit the answer. That's why you're, you're hearing that on his smartphone. Listen, let me just throw this out. There to Republican politicians, candidates and activists, you should not go on CBS.


It is a huge mistake. But, if for some reason You feel compelled to do so, You need to set up your own camera and say, I'm filming this thing too, to protect myself from your obvious editorial efforts to make us look stupid. And if They don't wanna do that, you are absolutely insane to go on that network. You are a crazy person. CBS is full blown Soviet com propaganda. Now he had the receipts to back it up. Of course it's not just CBS, I got a lot to get through. He's like few minutes, so please don't go anywhere. I wanna show You this other segment too. How bad the media has gotten in their desperation moments in the final 19 days to save Kamala Harris from herself.


Here's Kristen Welker, who has I I. Don't know what this woman's Don I don Dunno what this, this woman once at least pretended to try to be a journalist. She's now become a full blown clown. Here she is, be clowning herself, yet Again get owned. But. Mike Johnson's back on this show. This is NBC and just absolutely making up talking points about FEMA funds. Check this out. Kamala Harris' numbers are dropping in the polls and she just said in her own words, you saw the tape There, she There is No difference between her and Joe Biden. The Biden policies, Biden nos, all the things They champion are destroying the country and everybody knows that we should and that's why Donald Trump should, should be elected.


Republicans are win the Senate in the House. Mr. Speaker We should note that FEMA funds were actually redirected on Donald Trump's watch to deal with the migrant issue. Let me ask You, you mentioned the medical records. No No. Ma'am should wait a minute. No, that's a, hold on. Wait a a minute. Wait, wait. Facts are important. That is a new, that is a new program that started in 2020 under Joe Biden, that that funding wasn't necessary under Trump's administration. cause We secured the border. We didn't invite illegal aliens and dangerous people into the country. That's a Biden Harris policy and everybody knows it. Folks. She just made that up. She just made that up. It was a completely new fund. She just made it up. No. Dignity at all. This woman's had to correct herself on the air. Now out of pure embarrassment.


so Kamala Harris can interview With. Brett Bair tonight. I. Need you all to do me a favor, I Think. Brett's gonna conduct a fair interview. I do we'll when you tomorrow and we're obviously gonna cover It. The interview will be on Fox Kamala Harris. I. Think is gonna completely collapse. But, he was putting out a feeler for questions. Send this to Brett. I'm gonna send it to I. Think. We need to find out why Kamala Harris hasn't told us what she was up to at the DNC on January 6th. With the pipe bomb. Here's one of the few interviews she's ever given where she's even mentioned the Day and I. Want You to notice here. Had tip Julie Kelly, how she implies here that she was at the Capitol when the insurrection air quotes went down.


She wasn't. Why is she lying? Brett should ask her this. Check this out. May I ask, was the TV on? Did someone say, Madam Vice President-elect, you gotta see this come. How did that unfold? I was at the capitol that morning and then I was in a meeting and I was told that I should leave and then I was taken to a secure location. With, my husband, We watched in horror, You did not. You may have watched in horror, But You were not at the capitol. Kamala Harris. Julie Kelly has an amazing tweet about this.


Here's an angle. She notes in Kamala Harris's role on January 6th. No one mentions her been There, the entire Day at the D nnc where the pipe bomb was found. Why? I'm telling you why. And Brett can get to the bottom of it. guess the pipe bomb was plan A. That was going to be a distraction to stop people from questioning the vote count and to shut It all down. They didn't need it when the breach at the capitol happened. so they're desperately trying to make the story go away. And Kamala Harris even knew, either knew about it or was told later that was the original plan. Pipe bomb. Everybody stopped talking about the election. These MAGA people are trying to kill us.


Julie notes, mark Millie furiously making calls that Day didn't contact. Kamala Harris. Mitch McConnell No one's concerned that pipe bomb was found outside of a location. Why does nobody know what Kamala Harris was up to at the DNC? That Day It is the single most important question, Brett, if You can ask it. cause No one has had the guts to ask her this question. What were you doing at the DNC during the most important moment of your life at the Capitol? The certification of you is the Vice President-elect. Why were You There? That's what I'd ask. I'll be watching it tonight. We'll cover it tomorrow. Folks Trump interview Friday.


We're gonna go live at around 9:30 AM 9 45. We're expecting him at about 10:00 AM Eastern time on Friday. It is going to be live. It is gonna be a banger. Don't miss It spread the word. We'll have a little teaser out today. We. Gotta update the time. Don't miss it, please. We will See. we then You have the 9:00 AM There. It's more closer to nine 30. 10 so early. Yeah. Close enough. Tune in early. Yeah, get There early. Download the Rumble app. You'll get a notification We go live. You can watch live at Rumble dot com slash bino and You can also listen. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. The Dan, Bongino Show. We really appreciate it. See. we back here on radio and Rumble at a few minutes and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See, we then You just heard the Dan Bon Gino Show.