
Morning, and welcome to Bonino Report, Early Edition. Today we have a very special guest, the Secretary of Transportation, Sean Duffy, and my dad. Dad, thanks for being here. It's good to be here, Evita. Thanks for having me on. I appreciate it. First time my debut on the Early Edition, so thanks for having me. A debut on the Early Edition. I'm so honored to have a cabinet member here. It was a tough, it was a tough guest to get, so thank you. I was, I was getting spammed and I said finally Yes. Although, yes, so come on my show. I, well, I appreciate it. And we're gonna, we're gonna cover some serious topics today, some fun ones. But first we're gonna start with some serious ones because there's a lot of mass hysteria right now. You're the Secretary of Transportation and people are all over the internet right and left saying that planes are falling out of the sky.


And this, this narrative has been really, I think, ignited by your first day in office. You were sworn in by JD Vance. I was with you in DC that evening. You had this tragic historic plane crash where an American Airlines flight collides with this military helicopter. What was going through your head that night? Well, to your point, right, I was, I was just in the job. Everyone else had gone home from dc You actually were there in the hotel with me. And it's interesting, in today's social media, you would think, I might know what's happening first, but I find out first on Twitter moments after the, the plane went down on Twitter, we were getting reports.


And so it was what, it probably took me 15, 20 minutes. I was, I brushed my teeth, I was going to bed, put my clothes back on, and went down to the FAA where my whole team came in along with the FAA team, and listen, we're, we were tracking the audio, watching what was happening with the recovery and getting a lot of information flowing as to, to what the situation was and what had actually happened. So, but, but, but to your point, it's my, it's my first 10 hours in the job and this, this happens. And, but again, if, if you've had life experiences and you know how to handle pressure and you know how to handle a crisis crises, you can step in and you can handle, you can handle anything.


And again, this was, I mean, this was horrific. 67 people lost their lives in this crash, and it shouldn't have happened. There were, there were air after air that took place in perfect timing for these two aircraft to collide. And it was, it was a sign though that something, something else is wrong in the system. And this is the time that we have to take as Americans to fix a really outdated, antiquated system that is our air traffic control system. Yeah, well, you're right. So everybody had, my mom and all the kids were there for your, for your, your swearing in with jd. And, and we'd actually been to the Oval Office that day too. By that point. They had left, they had gone back to New Jersey.


The kids had school. I was still there. I was gonna do my show. And I did do my show from the Rumble studio the very next morning in dc. So I was in the hotel room, and I think I was the one who told you like, oh my goodness, I'm on my phone. And there was a crash. And then you obviously saw it on your feed too. And it's, it's, it is so fascinating that that happened before the corporate media even knew it was going on, right? We had all these reports on social media. What's happened with the crash, right? And I think people have a lot of questions and we get new information like weeks apart, about what actually happened that evening. Can you tell us, just give us the overview of, of what happened, what went wrong that evening? What do people need to know? 'cause I think there's still a lot of confusion and a lot of fear.


Yeah. So information is shared. You know, I think in pretty quick timing from the NTSB, the NTSB is a independent agency from the Department of Transportation. They do the investigations on all kinds of crashes or close calls or incidents. And so they've released a lot of information. They have a report coming out this week. It's gonna be their preliminary report. The final report will probably take another year, year and a half to get out. But what we do know is that we had an American aircraft coming in to, on its approach to runway 33. It's, it comes in across the, the, the Potomac. And it's a short runway. And oftentimes smaller airplanes will be asked to, to land there.


At the same time, you had a military black hawk that was flying a, a check mission where someone, one of the pilots needed to be checked out to, to be certified from the military. And they were flying instead of on the, on the eastern bank of the river. They were flying out in the middle of the river. Now, it was still in their lane of travel. They could be there, but most of the pilots fly closer to the, to the bank, which is further away from runway 33. This helicopter was not, there is an elevation ceiling for those helicopters at 200 feet. They can't go above 200 feet. This helicopter was flying at over 300 feet.


Not only that, they were flying the aircraft with, with night vision goggles. So night vision goggles, again, it'll, your, your, your peripheral vision is impacted. Lights are distorted. And so those three things together brought the helicopter right into the flight path of the landing American Airlines flight. So I think when we see the report, there'll be a lot of blame on the military and on the air traffic control. Another thing happened, you had, you usually have one controller for helicopters, another controller for civilian aircraft. Well, if, if the weather is good and the, and the, and the traffic is down, they will consolidate those two controllers into one position.


And that's what they did this night. The problem was that, yeah, it was a clear night, but there was quite a bit of traffic out of DCA and that position probably shouldn't have been consolidated. And maybe we had, we had two controllers, this incident wouldn't have happened. But here's how, and I don't wanna go into too, I mean, I don't wanna bore you, but what happens is the air traffic controllers will reach out to the helicopter and say, Hey, in essence, we have a land and aircraft. Do you see it? The aircraft, military aircraft, or any helicopter in the regional will say, yes, I see it. And then air traffic control will say, can you commit to maintaining visual separation? You see it and you'll stay away from it.


The helicopter pilot will say, yes, I see it, and I'll stay away from it. That's what happened in this situation on this night. Well, obviously they must not have seen the landing American aircraft, and obviously they didn't, they didn't stay away from it. And I think that just because accidents haven't happened, people have become really loose with the rules and have become lazy with regard to the rules. And this is what happened, 67 people lost their lives. And so after the crash, I directed the FAA to restrict the airspace around DC around this runway 33. So there's no helicopters that can fly up and down the river except for the president.


Or if there's a lifesaving mission, either there's a, there's a car wreck and you gotta go pick someone up and bring 'em to the hospital. You can fly that route. And if you do fly along the river, whether it's the president or a lifesaving helicopter mission, air travelers shut down, we'll divert aircraft. You do not now have landing aircraft. Same when helicopters are in the same airspace. Do we have any idea what was going through this, this helicopter pilot's head at the time of this crash? Like why, why was, why was she given this, this warning from the FAA and then, you know, was, was so wildly out of place? So what we know is there was an experienced pilot in the, in, in the helicopter, and then there was a more junior he helicopter pilot who's doing her what's called a check ride.


And the more experienced helicopter pilot, I think gave indication that they were too, too far out in the river, not close enough to the bank, and also indicated that they were too high. And, but again, that was not remedied before the two planes collided. And again, iita W why on earth do you have the military flying a check mission with fishing goggles around one of the busiest airports in the country at nine o'clock at night? Yeah, a a recipe for disaster for Sure. Fly o'clock in the morning, fly at two o'clock in the morning when there's no aircraft coming in and out of DCA. But to fly it when we have that many planes in the air is absolutely idiotic.


And So, do we, Go Ahead. What I was gonna say, do we, do we have audio of what was happening inside the helicopter at that time? Is that how, you know, that the instructor or the, the more experienced flyer was telling this junior junior pilot what to do? Yeah. Or, or that they were off course. We have that audio. We have, we have, we have audio from, from both aircraft. Okay. And so we, we, we, so we have recordings at the, at, at, at air traffic control, but that is not necessarily what, what an aircraft might hear. So think on a walkie-talkie, if someone's talking to you and you hit your, your talk button, right, you'll get keyed out. You can't hear what the other person is saying on your walkie-talkie. The aircraft broke the same way.


So we need to know what they actually heard. And so we, we could hear what was happening in the cockpit. And yes, the, the helicopter pilot knew they were, they were too high and they were too far out in the river, the experienced one, and, and, and told that to the more junior pilot. We also know that right before the crash, the American Airlines pilots saw the helicopter coming in. It was a second and a half, probably before impact and two seconds before. And we know that from what happened on, on, on, on the voice recorder, but also they try to take evasive movement. And it was, there wasn't enough time. And so, but again, but just one other point of vita Yeah.


Pilots in the airlines have known this is a, is a very dangerous space. And there's been near misses in this airspace for years. And that this wasn't fixed is tragic. But one of the benefits that we get from a crash like this, if you can call it a benefit, 'cause it's, I mean, it's, it's, it's so horrible. But you learn lessons. And so we look at what happens in the DC airspace and we look elsewhere around the country where we might have similar circumstances and situations and say, well, let's learn the lesson and make sure we take that lesson and apply it to Anchorage, Alaska or in, in one of the airports in, in, in New York City, and make sure we're keeping those aircraft separated. And we just don't rely on pilots to stay away from each other when you have aircraft coming in and out of airports.


Okay. Yeah, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it is a benefit. A if you, if again, if you can call it a benefit that we get to learn from, from those issues, and obviously you're putting, you know, different policies in place, you're not gonna allow this flight path to be a, this really dangerous flight path to continue unless there are special circumstances, which is a really good idea. I just wanted to clarify. So you said that the pilot, the more experienced pilot obviously warned the lesser experienced pilot who was actually operating the, the, this, this Blackhawk was there, was there a lot of time between the crash and this warning? Or was this mere seconds that the more experienced pilot was warning this, this, this underling Right there, there, there was enough time to change course And they, they didn't.


Okay. Yeah. And, and, and remedy, then I, and then a comment along those lines was made not long before the crash as well. Okay. So the experience was, was giving direction during this check ride and Yeah, it was, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, I think it's so frustrating because again, the military made mistakes. The pilots made mistakes. We don't know if this would've happened, had that position of air traffic control not been consolidated. And then it bes the question if, if they said they saw the landing American Airlines flight coming into runway 33, well, obviously they didn't see it. What did they see?


What were they looking at? And would it have been different if they didn't have night vision goggles on? And so what we're gonna see in the NTSB report, they'll, they'll, they'll try to recreate the cockpits of both airplanes and position them in, in, you know, out in the water, you know, near the, near the impact and the moments before, and try to get a, a visual of what they would've seen at that time at night through their windows, you know, with their positioning as they, as they collided. And that can teach us a lot about what they could have seen, what they should have seen, and what they might have thought they were seeing. Right. Well, that'll be, that'll be really great to hear, especially for the families to finally have some closure and to, to know what happened.


And I think have hearing you now as well, for the rest of, for all the listeners and anybody else who's, who's, who's hearing this to have it, you know, synthesized in, in a really cohesive way because there's just so many questions. And like I said, it, there's a lot of fear right now around travel, and some people that are actually fueling this fear happen to be the guys at Pod Save America. This is a podcast, a left-wing podcast run by former Obama aids and John Favreau and Dan Pfeiffer, I think his name is. They, they had a, an entire episode that seemed to be dedicated almost entirely to the FAA and Doge and, and DOT and how we have ma they're making, and you were making air travel just wildly more unsafe.


So I wanna get your, your reaction to, to this, let's just address this head on, right? Here's what they're saying and, and, and what's your response? Let's play that, Mikey, Then there's the fact that Elon and Doge have cut about 400 jobs from the Federal Aviation Administration only to have Elon Tweet on Thursday. There is a shortage of top-notch air traffic controllers. If you have retired but are open to returning to work, please consider doing so. Is that where we're recruiting now? Air traffic controllers? Just who? On Twitter. On Twitter, Yeah. That's where we are. So they also say that they're like deathly afraid of flying as well elsewhere in this podcast.


What's your reaction to that? So first off, it was 352 people that were let go at the FAA. And listen, there's a lot of critical safety missions at the FAA air traffic controllers are one of them. Those, you know, who inspect Boeing airplanes on the manufacturing floor and they inspect pipelines. None of those people were touched. And just for perspective, there are 45,000 employees at the FAA 45,352 positions were cut. That's 0.8% of their workforce. This had nothing to do with safety. And again, it opens up an avenue for the left to attack, you know, Elon Musk and attack me and the president.


But these were, these were the probationary positions that wouldn't have driven any safety mission at the agency, number one. But, you know, number two, to say that air travel isn't safe, it is, it's, it's the safest mode of transportation. But also to blame us, I had been there for less than 24 hours. What I inherited is what Pete Buttigieg left me, right? He gave me this system, and by the way, he should have seen, there were errors in the system, there were cracks in the system, and he should have fixed those cracks. Instead, he didn't. And now I'm gonna fix it. Yeah, I'm gonna make it right. I'm gonna make it great.


We're gonna rip out all of the old equipment and put new equipment in. And so to, to, to play politics with this, I think is disgusting with Pod Save America, but also others, because again, there's a, there are a lot of factors here, but to lay political ba blame, if we're gonna do it, it doesn't come at us, doesn't come at Elon Musk or Sean Duffy or Donald Trump. We should probably look to the past administration for what they didn't do. And finally, in regard to travel, again, it's, it's the safest mode of transportation. There's a key point here that, again, we do need air traffic controllers, none were fired. We actually hired more air traffic controllers. But if the airspace isn't safe, we don't just send you up in your plane anyway, right?


Your flight will be delayed or your flight will be canceled. We don't send people up unless it's safe. So if there's a walkout or a strike or someone's sick in a, in a tower somewhere in America and we don't have enough staff, they'll delay the flights. So we only have so many as air traffic can handle. Or if you don't have enough, they'll shut down flights. So again, there's, there's redundancies in place that guarantees safe travel. And again, there, there was the DCA, there was Alaska, there was Canada, there was quite a few of 'em. All were very different. And we're learning from those. But I fly all the time and I do it safely. We're safer in a plane than we are in a car by far.


Yeah. Well, I mean, you were, I mean, it's, it's shouldn't be lost than anyone that you were sworn in for mere hours and then this crash happened and it really did set a tone of, of fear across the country that we can't fly anymore. It's terrifying. And really we should have been more afraid to fly when p Pete Buttigieg was in, in, in office and we had Joe Biden, and that was the environment that led to this crash. Not obviously you, who has been there for only a few hours. And we can start to feel safer now that we know that these reforms are coming and that, and that we're actually working to make things better. So, and and you said that Pete Buttigieg actually, actually has recognized some of these issues, but he didn't do much about it. Is that true? And listen, so just, I'm gonna give you a quick a little history here.


Yeah. Are are the cables that connect our telecoms, our old copper wires, we need fiber, right? That should have been done years ago. We, we are using radar, it all works, but the newest radar we have is from the eighties, right? There's great new technology and radar. We're gonna upgrade all of, we're gonna redo all of those. The, the, the con the the control terminals that the, that air traffic controllers use are old, is old, get out. Some of 'em use floppy discs. They have like, they have headphones on and like plugin jacks that they're, you know, moving from one jack to the next. So we are going to rip that stuff out and we're, we're gonna rebuild it and we're gonna rebuild it quickly. It's gonna be the best in the system.


And if you, if it takes eight years or 10 years, it'll never get done. We have to do, we have to do it in two years. Phase one, you know, another year and a half after that, phase two has to be done. So three and a half years, this has to be completed. And that's where Elon's team has been really helpful, helping us think through how do you do this kind of massive upgrade and do it fast. Southwest did this in their airlines as well. They did it in two years. So the best people who do this work are gonna help us make it happen. But again, if there's a breakdown in the system that we use today, you don't fly. Yeah. Something else that you did that was really, I think, controversial after, after becoming the Secretary of Transportation, is you sent out a memo to the DO to the DOT to everybody saying that you wanna prioritize families.


And among other things you said that your, the DOT is now gonna give preference to communities with marriage and birth rates higher than the national average when awarding grants. And the reaction to this has been very negative from the political left Connecticut Democrat, Senator Richard Blumenthal called this directive, deeply frightening Michigan Democrat, Senator Pat Murray called it disturbingly dystopian. Can you tell me a little bit more about this policy and, and maybe your reaction to the Democrats? It's, it's, it's hilarious how they, how they lose their minds. This is one factor that we consider. This is not the end all be all when we award money, but it's a factor we should consider. And if you think about it, it makes complete sense.


We're making investments in different communities and the communities that are going to grow, that are gonna need the investments in infrastructure are the ones where people get married. And when they get married, they actually have kids. And that's how communities actually grow. Not just in America, but throughout human history. And so we have to look at that and think about it. And if you get married and have kids in communities, we're probably gonna need to invest some money in the infrastructure because I bet your community is going to grow. It's a really simple thing. But what it goes to something else, Evita, it's, they have, there's an affront to their psychological liberalism that says families are bad, marriage is evil, kids aren't per, kids aren't good.


Family creation is not a, is not a societal benefit. So don't invest in that. Sean Duffy, how dare you invest where people have kids and get married. They should celebrate this and go, you know what we do? It's, it's a national security issue. Having, if you don't have enough kids in a society, your society's gonna crumble. It's gonna fail. Yeah. So we should reward families and we should ward reward the, you know, those who have children. And listen, I, I'm beyond the age, but I've done my part. I have nine kids, you're the oldest. I'm the 10th of 11. So my parents did their part. It's a beautiful, wonderful thing. And let's support it in the communities where you do have that, that population growth coming from family information.


Well, it's really common sense to me. You just, you just laid it out. It's just logical to invest in, in, in communities that are objectively growing. They have, they have young families and people and, and, and the population's gonna increase. I find it so funny that the criticism is always like, oh, it's dystopian. Or a lot of times they'll say, oh, it's fascist to wanna prioritize family or encourage people to have kids. And it's like this obsession with Hitler, right? Like if you're pro family, then you must be like a fascist Neo Hitler prototype. It's just very bizarre because traditionally, way before World War ii, good leaders in Western Christian countries have always prioritized family. And having children and being a cohesive community and growing, we can't continue to have a population that is beneath replacement rates.


This is, this is civilizational suicide. And then they smear you as a neofascist for saying it. It's just an absurd thing to say. But I think it's, it goes to something else. If you, if you hate America, then you hate the things that make it strong and the things that make America strong or any society strong is having a strong family, a cohesive, strong family in strong communities to put together, make strong countries. That's, that's common knowledge. That's basic. And if you don't like your country, you go, you have to attack the root of that strength, which is the family and those who support the family and investments in places where they have families.


That's that, that's, they gotta stab you in the neck because they know that if they can get the family, they get the country. And we keep strong families. We gotta keep our country, keep it strong. And it's so important to have people who are invested in this country, leading this country. I always find it so bizarre when you see somebody who's holding public office and they're like really old or in their sixties or their seventies, they have no kids. It's like, well, how are you invest, how are you going to make decisions that benefit the future if you don't have little investments in the future? And that's a real difference between the previous admins. And this one is a lot of Trump's cabinet has a lot of kids. I, I pulled up the numbers because I I just find it so fascinating.


So President Trump has five, JD has three. RFK has seven, Pete has seven, Marco has four. Elon has 12, you have nine, Ratcliffe has four. Doug Bergham, three Nome, three Wall Street. Like a lot of these people have, you know, above replacement rate families. And this is actually, I, strangely enough, not something we're used to seeing in government. A lot of kids are around, but just, just, I gotta make one quick point. Yeah. So Elon is not in the cabinet, so he That's so true. You're right. He's not In the cabinet. I still have the most, I can't see the cabinet number one number of children to Elon. But you're, listen, you're, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a group of people who do celebrate families that value their families and who by the way take time away from their families to serve their country.


Not because they wanna make their country great, but they also think the service that they're giving, the time they're giving is gonna make a, make America better for their kids and their grandkids. And I think that's, that, that the, the point you're making is really important to Vita. There's something else that drives you in the decisions that you make. You're leaving something off for someone else, which is the people that you love that are in your family. And I think you make better choices when that that's what drives you. Not some ideological left wing, progressive, you know, idea that, you know, the environment's gonna collapse if you have, you know, too many kids. And which is what you, your mom and I are called environmental terrorists all the time. 'cause we have so many kids. By the way, I wouldn't send any of you back.


You've all been great. And I think, I think I, I, but you know what, societally vita, I mean, I want great to hear your point on this. I do think it's important for us to, to to show how how great and how fun and how fulfilling families are. And you get more fulfilled with the more kids that you have. And mom and I always talk about it's, 'cause listen, little kids can be hard. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of fun and a lot of work. But what is it gonna be 10 years or 20 years or, or 30 years down the road, what is, what is your Christmas or your Thanksgiving table gonna look like if you only had one or two kids versus if you had eight or nine or 10 kids, you fill up your house and it's so much fun when you come home from, from Florida doing the show and with all your siblings, it's a pretty raucous fun time.


You and Mikey have a great time with all the kids. It's really enjoyable and, and provides great value, I think, not just for parents, but for kids themselves. We, we love it. I love coming home so much and seeing everyone that Michael and I could spend money going on a very nice couple's vacation together. And we choose to spend that money on plane tickets to New Jersey to see all, all the kids, the whole family. I mean, that's what's the most fun for us. And I do wonder, like if you are a person who is in their sixties or your seventies, and you have a lot of political power in this country, I mean, this isn't everybody, but sometimes I just, I wonder about their priorities. They don't, they don't, they don't have the joy in their life of, of a family. They don't see how what's happening now impacts, you know, younger generations.


They just don't have the same kind of perspective or the same priorities. And again, this doesn't apply to everybody, but I do think it's very strange to have a, a, a society led by people who are not very immediately invested in the future in a way that somebody who has children is. So, listen, I just, I but I that that might be a broad stroke of you. I do think there's people who don't have kids that have great hearts and great, great ideas on service. But I, I think the distortion I I think about is the distorted left who comes up with these radical ideas that actually are gonna hurt kids and hurt families. And they don't mind that because they don't have them. Where I do think conservatives that might not have kids, they still value the family.


They still value the com, the, the, the community and the families in that community and wanna have policies that support them where the left want to want to destroy it. I think there's a big distinction between the, the childless conservative versus the childless liberal. Yeah, no, that's a great point. You also, I love that you corrected me about Elon Musk not being in the cabinet. I meant more like generally, you know, in this admin, and you're right, he's not in the cabinet. And that's a real point of, of, of like contention right now in the country. People on Pod Save America and elsewhere are saying, well, Elon Musk is, Elon Musk is running the show, and Elon Musk is calling all the shots. What, how would you, how would you respond to that? I mean, you are the Secretary of Transportation and you have people saying, well, Elon Musk is, is running everything are, is Elon Musk running your, your department?


No, he's not. That'd be a big problem if he did, because Tesla comes to my department, SpaceX comes through my department, the boring company comes through my department. So yeah, if he ran it, that would be a major problem for the president, for me, for, for the Congress. But here's what's happening though, vita there, there's substantial reform that has to happen in the American government, right? It's, it's vote, it's, it's, it's fat, it's bloated. There's, there's duplicative roles all over agencies and departments. And it's really hard as a new cabinet secretary to see the redundancies and the bloat Elon and his team, I mean, this is what they do.


Like they're, they're start they're startups and they can see how efficiencies can be driven in any organization. And so, as these two things, this startup I set of ideas of Elon and his team and also these cabinet cabinet secretaries who understand, you know, policy and politics. They're coming together and working together and there's gonna be some bumps in the road as that happens. But as we figure it out, it's going to be a beautiful dance and a beautiful marriage on how the two of us can take the, the, the knowledge that each of us have and how we can come together and be smart about how we make this government more efficient. We're $36 trillion in debt. There's way too many government employees and way too many government employees who don't wanna serve the president who was elected by the people, which is by the way, anti-democracy.


Yeah. And so you gotta get rid of those people and you gotta streamline your government. And, and again, if you can streamline it, make it more efficient and serve the president, that means we have more money in our pockets, which means we don't have to borrow as much money. I, so again, I, there there's been, there's been a bumpy road for sure. I think every cabinet would remember would tell you that it's been imperfect. But this is new and we're figuring it out. And again, I think talking to each other and working through the problems is gonna put us in a place where we're gonna be able to del deliver for Donald Trump, who has a vision on what he wants to create for the country. And that's what we're doing. Yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm optimistic.


I think everybody listening is optimistic too, but I think a lot of people also wanna know a little bit about you, a little more than just the, the guy who's, who's telling us about the FAA and reforms that you're making. In, in DOT you have a little bit of an unconventional background that not many people may know about. You are a world champion tree climber and a log roller. And if you guys don't know what tree climbing is, it is a northern Wisconsin sport, I guess a, a, a sport that originated from lumber jacking. And it's where you actually have these, these spurs connected to your shoes and you literally climb up a tree a pole, and whoever gets to the top and down first wins.


Here it is. So all you Have, which one are you? I'm on the right, I think so you have a steel core hemp Rove and little spurs in the tree. This is a 90 foot race. And so it just, you're, you're climbing straight up into the air, but when you hit the line, it's a free fall back to earth, which you see it happens very quickly. And the first one back down is the victor. So what you, what you see there in lumberjack sports, and if you watch ES, ESPN six at four o'clock in the morning, you might see these sports, right? So this is chopping sawing, log rolling tree climbing. And these are all skills that the old time lumberjacks used to use in the woods. And they've now come into this modern day sport. And if you think of a lumberjack as a beer drinking fat, hairy, you know, guy, that is not what this sport is.


These are really great athletes who are engaging in these sports. And I listen, it's part of a, this is Americana, this is part of our history. And so as the lumberjacks came to the, the northern east and through, through the, through the center of the country out to now to the west coast, they used all of these skills. And as technology developed, you have now had this, these, these communities were created. Hayward were, I was born and raised in, you've spent a lot of time, you were actually born in, you know, in the Hayward area and we moved on after that. But you go back every summer, this was a logging town and that's how it got it. It its founding. And so this, this big competition happens there every year and people from all over the world.


And it, and we'll say what it, well who competes? It's, it's Canada, the US Australia and New Zealand is where these sports are big. And people come in from all those places and there's, there's massive competition. But we're celebrating athletes, but we're celebrating America is what we are and America's great history. And I would tell you that the, the speed climb is kind of like the bull riding of the rodeo. It's the most exciting sport. It's probably the most dangerous sport. You gotta be a little crazy to do it. 'cause again, it's one thing to go up, it takes, it takes strength and speed and stamina. But you gotta have, I'll, I'll use the word backbone, gumption. I could say something else, but I won't on your podcast that I don't wanna get you in trouble.


But you gotta have that thing that lets you break loose and free, fall back down to earth and get there first. Yeah. It's, it is truly an Americana sport. It's so fun. And I, I know how to log roll. I'm not amazing at it. I know how to do it. And it's, it's really difficult. Michael, my husband tried it and he was like, I'm gonna be better than you. He's, he's pretty, he's pretty confident and yeah, he, he was not as good. He couldn't stay up. 'cause it's one of those things where if you don't do it when you're really young, you just can't get the hang of it. It's a very unique sport. So you're bringing, you're bringing some some lumberjack, lumberjack sports and tradition to, to this administration, which is always fun.


So, so those who don't know Mikey, he's a, he's a strong big young man and, and he is a good athlete. And so, but, but you're, you're right, Evita. So log rolling kids, people start, like if you take diving lessons or TaeKwonDo when you're five years old, people go take these little kids, go take log rolling lessons and they barely can move the log, right? And they figure out how they keep their balance. And you, it's almost like a tight Rove walker has a pole that they hold and then they look, they look out down the wire and look at the wire as they walk. Log rolling is the same. And you have your arms out for balance and you look down the log at your opponent's feet and there's only one rule, you can't cross the center line and you're doing all you can to get your opponent off. And it's, it's, it's a fast pace tough sport.


But as you, you, you watch them on, on the, the professionals do it. The log is in essence flush with the water. And these guys or women are battling out, pushing and pulling this log and running on it and it's almost looks magical. It's like, how can these people stand this log? It's, it is, it is a highly skilled sport. And especially when you get really good at it. You were log rolling when you were little, we moved away and it was harder for you to, to, to do it. But you see these young kids and it's, it's a great pastime. And you know, when I was growing up, I would go do lumberjack competitions around the country but then also do exhibitions. And so I traveled all over the country, log rolling, chopping, sawing, tree climbing, and I gotta see all these fairs and festivals I gotta saw, see the kinda the greatest parts of this country when I was young doing these shows that helped me then, you know, have money to go to undergrad and, and go to law school.


And even when I was a lawyer, I was a prosecutor. I would wanna get away and go do a week lumberjack show because there's something for me that was therapeutic. It's just, it's a really cool sport that has a lot of, it's kind of in my genetics, I guess. I don't know It. Yeah, it is. And I think, I think Michael's gonna look up, are you gonna look up some log rollings so people can see what, what this is about, Mikey, he's gonna do that. But I also wanted to mention to everybody that I don't know if the, any transportation secretary has had this, but you do have, you did have a CDL because you were a truck driver for a long time. So transportation secretary, former truck driver, which is pretty interesting. As I was going through the confirmation hearing, I kept telling everybody that I could fit it in six ways to Sunday.


I'd be like, I got my CDLI got my CDL holder, so yeah, I had to have A-C-D-L-A commercial driver's license to drive our lumberjack trucks around the country. There were, you know, long trailers and then we'd have these trees that would, the butts would be on the back end, then we'd have a rack where the, the, the trees would shoot up over the top of the trucks. And so we needed to have commercial driver's license to drive these vehicles. And I've had it for 30 years. And when I got a New Jersey's driver's license, I sat so long in the DMV and they said, you can come back in three days and we'll let you keep your, your your CDL license, but you need some other, you have to get a physical. And I'm like, I am not coming back here. You can take my CDL I've always headache because I'm like, if something ever happens in life and I can't find a job, I'm like, I can always go back.


I've got my CDLI can be a truck driver. And so I gave it up though. Oh, we, we got a, we got a video of log Rollings. This is someone trying to do it. That's That, can't do it. Can't do it. Yeah, There's there's a little girl that's great at it. I actually know her. She's a, she's a, she's a a youth world champion log roller And so yeah, yeah, She's real good. And just so you, again, do, what happens is, as, as you hit certain time limits, the diameter of the log gets smaller. So if you start at 15 inches of diameter and then it goes to 12 inches, 13 inches, 12 inches and, and the, and the smaller, the smaller the diameter, the smaller the log, which means it, it's faster and it floats lower in the water.


So it's much more difficult. And anyway, it's, it's, it is a great sport. And if you, by the way, if you haven't seen it last weekend, usually it's the last weekend in July in Hayward, Wisconsin is the lumberjack world Championships. Go Check it out. You'll be thoroughly entertained. There's great food up there, there's beautiful lakes you can go fishing. It is in the summer. I get offered to go all kinds of places and I turn them all down because I think this is the, the best place on earth that you could be in in July or August. All over the, all over the country, but all over the world. It's beautiful. I second that. It's, it's amazing. Definitely something to check out for everybody who's listening. And I wanna get your reaction to this dad, because speaking of, of of of log rolling, one of the things that you've done is you integrated your, your past as a lumberjack sports world champion into your ads for Congress in really kind of creative ways.


And you were somebody who was always using social media and culture to captivate people, to get them excited about what you were doing, to have some name recognition. This is what you did when you were a member of Congress. I have I, well, before, before I get, before I tell, before I tell everybody what you did, I wanna play for you a video of, I think Democrats really failing to do what you've sort of successfully done your whole career. What I think President Trump has successfully done as he's brought in all of these, these experts in media, these expert communicators into this admin, people who are loyal to him, who want to really have the mandate, but also who are really good at, at communicating what they believe and what they're doing.


This is, I'm talking about Pete Seth and you and Dan Bonino and people that say this is a bad thing. But if you look at the way Democrats are messaging, especially to young people right now, it is pretty bad. This is a video from Representative Rosa Rosa d Rove, and here she's explaining democratic goals in Congress and she's using Gen ZS slang, I think to message, to Gen Zs to seem relevant and kind of funny. I don't think it played over that way, but you tell me, let's play that video. Yo, This is the ranking risler on appropriations serving Connecticut's third district. It's time to enter your Dark Academia Congress era. Alright, besties house appropriation is the money moves in Congress.


We are not chasing the bag, we are the bag. Democrats are making lives smoother for government funding, it's giving it's dividend. So Sigma main character energy, but Republicans Project 2025 is mad sus eliminating the Department of Education, negative A points, basically the biggest fandom tax on the environment, on your education and your rights. Big l posting it online, buddy Democrats understood the assignment, but go off, see how I keep you informed. Very cutesy, very demure.


He it is exact, it is literally the me How do you do fellow kids? That's what we're looking at right now. And I wanna know, dad, first of all, did you understand anything that she said in that video? No, No. See, because well, you're, I, I unfortunately understood it and it was very, very cringe. But I wanna know, did you think that was cringe or what did, what did you think of that video? Okay, hold a sec. Let me go set you go first. Well, I, I think that it was, it was, there's a difference between messaging to young people and in doing it in a creative and interesting way and trying to be like young people and it coming off as posturing and like a, like a poser.


This is not what Donald Trump does. Donald Trump understands media and he messages to them and he's very raw and authentic. There's something very contrived and pandering about this that I found to be disingenuous and ultimately cringe. That is how I would describe it, is is just cringe. It is the meme. It is how do you do fellow kids? And it's funny because this used to be republicans, Republicans used to be the ones who were super uncool. Like I'm thinking John McCain, MIT Romney, George Bush. Nobody's saying those guys were really cool. And suddenly now it's Democrats who we're looking at as very cringe and unable to reach and I don't know, have, have a, have, have a relationship with young people in any kind of meaningful way.


Okay, listen, so I disagree. I I looked at the video and there's, there's, there's one effort that you can try to be cool and use Gen Z language, but if you get to a certain age, like you're not cool, right? And it seems like she was using the language and it was obviously a joke. She, obviously it was, she's got her, she's older and she's got full hair and it's like, of course she's using her language and it's, she's, it's a bit of a spoof. And she's in on the joke. I thought I had an old colleague who's now retired from Wisconsin. His name was Jim Simpson Brenner. And again, he was old and they would, his staff would take pictures of him at his, at his typewriter typing.


And he was like, I'm writing up a tweet. Would be the caption on the, on video of Jim, on his old, he had like, it was an old school typewriter where you, you guys don't even know what this is. You're young viewers, but you hit the, the side and you go, whoop, you gotta push the the bar back over and, and start typing the next line. So I do think there are things that can be, that can be endearing and engaging and she's old enough that I thought it was okay. You did. However I did. But I'm, but I, but you make a, a different point. So on the cool side that conservatism has become cool again and cool people who really weren't Republicans have become Republicans because Democrats have gotten so crazy.


Even, I mean the Joe Rogan is a liberal and he's endorse Donald Trump. 'cause he's like, I can't, I can't vote for this crazy, this is so nuts. I can't do it. Elon Musk was a liberal, a democrat, and after they tried to transition his kid and crazy policies, he is like, you know what? Now I'm gonna go with Trump, I'm gonna go with these guys that are, are, are far more common sense. I think you're seeing a lot of traditional Democrats look at what's happened to the Democrat party and they're like, that they don't represent me anymore and I'm gonna lend my voice to a more common sense movement, which is Republicans. And then with that, oh, there it is. Ner sent it out a tweet.


He's a, he's a wonderful friend of mine. But what I was gonna tell you is that, that with them comes some coolness and some cachet, right? You get that when you bring in cool people, and again, Democrats, I think they're reeling like they don't know how to respond to, to this new Republican. Cool. Because to your point, we've never been cool. Like we're like, culture always crushes us. Culture hates us. And now we're part of culture that, that Donald Trump dances. And again, it's maybe not the sexiest greatest dance out there, but he is got the fists out and he is kind of moving his hips and just shaking to YMCA and it's so authentic and it's so, he's not trying to be anything but Donald Trump at 78 years old doing a little shake out there authentically Donald and that authentic nature, all of a sudden, football, football, stars, football, you know, touchdowns are scored and you know, in the end zone, it's the Donald Trump, they're doing It too.


You see Trump taking off all over the country because it was authentic. So Rosa Deloro, she'll never take off. We'll, I, I can laugh with her, but do I think she's cool? No, but Donald Trump, because he's so authentic and so cool himself, it transcends culture. And when republicans play in culture, the left, I mean, they, they don't know how to deal with it. Yeah. Because we, they're like, you, you can't play in culture. We own the culture. You can't play in this space. And now that we are and doing it well, and they're feeling at it, it's this unique dynamic shift that's happening in America. Well, one person that I think is embracing the cool, the new found cool that the right has is JD Vance.


He has all these memes right now about him. I don't know if you've seen this on Ex Dad, but people are putting JD Vance's face on everything. Like on on what, what, what my all 50 presidents. It'll be like just JD Vance. It'll be just like any the, any sort of meme, any character from a movie. And they'll just put his face on there. I don't even know how it started. It's gotten insane. And JD Vance today, or actually well over the weekend, posted a photo of himself in one of these memes. Like he's a part of it, he's catching onto it. And he's not just going to ignore this viral phenomenon. He's actually going to, to kind of tip his hat to it, which is a really new thing I think that we've seen on the right. This is not how we normally engage with the public.


You are somebody who has been, like I said, doing this for a long time. And ga Yes. This is the one that JD Vance posted. It was his, this is, yeah, he posted this up himself. So it was pretty, it was pretty good, is that Leonardo DiCaprio is the original in that, that meme that's people post all the time. But you've done this too. You, you've been kind of somebody engaged in the culture and trying to, to message to young people in a really interesting way. One way you did it was with your viral selfie video. Now you guys, before I play this, I'm gonna warn you that it is a little dated. This is a little older. It's probably not cool now, but this was really cool at the time. All right, I'm on the way to a town hall, but first let me take a selfie.


We're Good with that. Mikey. Whose idea was that? So it was my staff's idea, but what they knew, recognized was, again, so I was just, I was on the campaign trail and I would take selfies with everybody 'cause I didn't have anybody. I, there was no one on my team. Wait, can I just say you were also a vlogger, you were vlogging all the time before vlogging was cool. Well, I was, I was taking pictures with people and then selfies became a thing. And so when the, the song came out, lemme take a selfie, it was easy. They're like, why don't we put together a montage of all your selfies? Which we did. And I had all these selfies that I had taken over my term in Congress and before that. And so they just did this, did this compilation and, but it was very authentic to me. And when I first ran again, you had go back, this is what, 2000 and and nine?


Yeah. So Facebook was just becoming a thing and did, I didn't know did Twitter exist at that time? But it wasn't really a thing yet. And so I would just be like, Hey, I pulled my camera, by the way, it wasn't even, it was not my iPhone that's cracked right now, but it was like, I had like actual a video camera and I would do these videos of like, I'm in my car, I'm going here and I'm at this fair, I'm milking this cow, like walking through dairy barns. I'm northern Wisconsin by the way. That's why. That's a, that's a thing. And then I'd have to transfer 'em to my computer and not post them. And people loved it. It was, and no one was really doing it. And so we were, we were innovative at the time. And it was, I think what it did, it does, is it lets people come in and share the experience of a campaign with the candidate and they get to know you better through the videos that you post and the places that you go and the people that you meet.


And I was doing it before it was really popular. And it was, by the way, you've seen our old videos, Evita. Yeah. I did this when Evita was a baby. When I met your mom, I would just get my old video camera and I just would walk around and talk about where, what was going on in the world and what we're doing and where we're going. Like I've just done this my whole life. So when I ran for office, it was easy to put a camera up and talk about what I was doing. And again, people loved it. And people love it now as it's grown because it is, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's letting people connect with you in a different way. And I think that's really powerful. And going back to the point on culture, and I wanna get your take on this too. I don't know if we're able to play differently because we've changed and we're better at it.


Or it's that we now have access to a platform that'll let us be ourselves. And that's Twitter. And you know, that, that Elon has opened up Twitter for all of us, or access, I should say. I think it's given us a fair shake at sharing our stories, our messages, our videos, our thoughts, you know, laughing at liberals, letting liberals laugh at us. It's the, it really is the marketplace of, of ideas, which is what we want. And I think that's a really good thing. And in that space we've done really well. Yeah, but we were stressed for so long. Was it that we were so bad? Or is that we were never able to have a fair shake at culture because we, we were never allowed into culture. Elon with X has allowed us in and we've done pretty well.


I, I think that x has definitely made the vibe shift much more possible. Although, I wonder, I think it might've already ha I think it might've happened even without x because people are responding so negatively to the darkness of Obama woke and safe spaces and the massive just race rioting and, and, and the covid hysteria. There were so many things that were so oppressive and negative that people are responding to. And in a, in a very based cool way, that's very positive for the political right. And you can see it in young people, that young men have gone 30 points up for President Trump compared to 2020. And this is like a massive vibe shift in young men, also young women to a lesser extent.


What's amazing about XO that I will say is that we've really democratized information on there, and the algorithms seem to be much more fair, and you are responding to that in a really positive way. And one example of this is Hillary Clinton came at you a while ago. She was saying, you know, we're, you're firing all, it kind of is similar to Po Save America, right? She came after you for this, this air traffic controller issue, and you had a great response. And I wonder if in the past people might not have responded directly on X to this, but you did that you had the right instinct there and X gave you the ability to do it. And not only to do it, but to have the reach so that everybody saw you respond to her and address her criticisms. Can we actually pull those up?


Mikey? Do we have that? We're working on it, but I don't know. I, I I don't know what I mean, what, what is your thoughts on Hillary Clinton just coming at you directly? Well, there's two things. One, I, I had the ability because of X and I wasn't censored to respond to her and, and not only match her reach of her attack on me, but, but blow her, reach outta the water and get I think two or three times the reach that she, she Had ratioed her. Let's throw 'em up there, Mike. Yeah. So this is, this is, this is her ridiculous attack on us. But I I I, I also think what happened was I, I went, I went back at her heart in my response to her attack.


And I think most of the secretaries wouldn't have felt comfortable doing that. But I felt comfortable because Donald Trump communicates in an honest way. He's not afraid to punch back when people hit him. And that gives me the authority and, and the opportunity to punch back at Hillary really hard as well. Donald Trump is completely shaken up the way that Republicans respond to left wing media, how they respond to attacks. Before they would just take them. Donald Trump has taught Republicans, you don't have to take the attack, you don't have to take the punch. You can actually punch back with truth and you'll actually win. But I find interesting in all of this, again, we're playing in maybe, you know, gen Gen Z space, but you mentioned, you know, the, what happened in this last election with men, and I think it's really remarkable.


But liberals have, have, have had the idea that they're gonna have a lock on American politics. Just, just get, give us a couple extra elections and this thing is all gonna be ours because we have the youth vote and we have the minority vote. Yeah. And I think you saw in this election that philosophy may be flawed because the youth vote trended significantly toward Donald Trump and Republicans and the minority votes, specifically Hispanics, but also black men. The shift was remarkable to Republicans away from Democrats. And this idea that the, the, the young and the minority is gonna be the coalition that drives the Democrat party is flawed because it's not about you your age or your race.


It's about good ideas. And if your ideas suck, like Democrats ideas suck, well guess what? They wanna go with a set of ideas that are normal, that are gonna help their families and their lives and their pocketbooks and their jobs and their opportunities. That's what they want. And that's what we saw in this election. It was not about a party, it was about a guy that made a different promise to them. And they remembered back to the first four years and all the crap that the left gave Donald Trump, they said, you know what? But he still delivered for us. And by the way, he didn't make girls shower with boys. What a beautiful thing. Donald Trump. Pretty simple. Yeah. It's, it is so true. I have, I have the, the Hillary Clinton, just so you guys know what we're talking about.


You had Michael threw up one of 'em, but this is the second one. She says, US airlines had gone 16 years without fatal crashes. Then MAGA fired F-F-A-F-A-A chief gutted the Aviation Security Advisory Committee and threatened air traffic controllers with layoffs. Now they have two fatal crashes. Hope your unvetted 22 year olds fix things fast. And then you said very smartly. Oh no, I, I don't dunno if I have it. Ah, guys, I'm working on my computer here. Anyway, it was, it was a good response. I'm at, I'm at SEC Duffy on Ax, if you wanna go check out my spat with, with Hilary. But it was, it was, it was, it's nice to be able to respond and, and punch back.


And again, I do think a vita and you can tell me if I'm right or wrong, gen, the young Americans actually like the debate. They actually enjoy the fight because they're getting a, they, you know, it goes back to Donald Trump's dance. You're having an authentic debate on x, two different sides, really different points of views, attacks, responses, counter attacks. And that really is, again, we're not in the streets debating any longer, we're doing it on social media, but that is what we really want as a country debate. The ideas have the free flow of, of, of a conversation, let the best ideas rise to the top, and X is letting that happen. And then it plays out in elections, which was pretty good for Republicans last November.


So true. Well, I'm really excited for what you're gonna do as, as the Secretary of Transportation. I think everybody else is too. I hope this make pe makes people who are listening feel a little more at ease with, with flying and travel in general. That this, there are reforms coming that things are gonna get better. That the precedent that was set in your first few hours is not gonna be the standard. And so where can people go, dad, to get updates on everything, department of Transportation, where can they go to follow you and just stay in communication? Again, this is the whole point of, I think President Trump picking expert communicators in this administration is you are constantly trying to message the people and keep them in the conversation.


Can't even make one. Yeah. So I'm, I'm at, at, at sec Duffy on, on Twitter, if you want FAA information, you go to FAA news on X as well. But here's the, just, there's been a number of different incidents in, in air travel, and all of them are unique. All of them are different. And none of them relate back to a cracking eroded system. It's made us look at the system that has to be completely gutted and remade. That's true. But this is not because a system is broken. It's because other factors came into play. And once you had DCA, we even had the, the, the airplane of Motley Crew that had a, had a a a, I think it was a, a, a landing gear malfunction.


There's a heightened attention on anything with aviation right now where a year ago a lot of things were happening, but people weren't paying attention the way they are now. So they think there's more incidents, but there's not. And so I'll just tell your, your viewers and listeners, I'm on it. We have a great plan. The president is a hundred percent on board and we are going to fix what the last administration didn't fix. We're gonna do it fast. The Congress is gonna give us the money, and we are going to make air travel great. Making sure less delays, less cancellations. And if I can make a one pitch vita, people might not think we're the greatest, coolest, sexiest department, but we are, listen, we, we affect people's lives in a way that other departments don't.


Like if, if transportation doesn't work congestion on roads or in the air and delays, and you sit in traffic that takes you away from your family, takes you away from the people that you love. And when this works well, you get more time with in the places that you wanna be and with the people you wanna be with. And so we're, we're doing that part of it on the infrastructure of, of transportation. But also we have, we have, we have drones, we have EOLs or Ubers in the air, autonomous vehicles. So the, the internet and the iPhone were revolutionary. But the next revolution I think that's gonna happen in technology is gonna be with regard to travel and how we move people in products.


And it's gonna come from autonomous, it's gonna come from drones, it's gonna come from these autonomous, you know, drones that carry people. And what's important is that we beat China and to beat China, we have to have rules in place that allow innovators to innovate in America and then incentivize them to build on that innovation. The products that we use build it in America. So we have American jobs. Yeah. So we can't sources to China. We can't let them con them control the technology. So we are are, we're setting up rules now that are gonna let the companies that innovate not do it over in Dubai or some other in China or Vietnam. We want them to do it here and we're gonna do our work to make sure they can do it here.


And then when they get that technology, they stay here. So it's a very exciting department. A lot of important things going on. So, and I'm just, by the way, I'm just, I'm grateful Donald Trump gave me the opportunity. You were supportive of Vita Mom was supportive. The kids have been supportive. And because the family does serve when you do this, and again, I think I, I work 14 hours a day, many days. And I couldn't ask for a better job or a better department to serve in, in government to be, and to be part of this administration's cabinet that I, I get to serve with. I think he's not the greatest president of our lifetime. He's the, i, he is one of the greats that we've ever had that's going to truly fix this country and put us on a different course, a different direction.


And that I get to serve with him and get to see him in action is the most amazing honor and thrill. It's exciting. And again, this is, we're six weeks in and this is all that's happened. I told him one day, I'm like, Mr. President, you can retire after two months and just golf. 'cause you're gonna get it all done in two months. It's gonna be over. Maybe you have to slow down. He's like, I'm not slowing down. And I think he thinks about every week, every day he's limited in time and he's maximizing every single moment to fix this country, to make sure that we don't have to deal with the crap that's been going on for the last several decades. We get a fresh start and we get a, we get to continue to lead the world.


We're not gonna seed the future to China or anyone else. It's gonna be ours. And Donald Trump is gonna make sure of it with his presidency along with the help of his cabinet and other great minds. Amen to that. And Dad, I'm very proud of you. I think mom is, and the entire family is as well. We all knew that you could do this. We all believe in you. And so I'm really grateful that you joined me on Early Edition, and I think the viewers are gonna be really excited about this too. But you guys drop a comment, you let me know what you thought of this episode. Also make sure to go follow my dad at sec Duffy. Is that right on Next Sec. Duffy on next. Check Me out. All right, perfect. You guys, thank you so much for being here. I'll see you all tomorrow.