
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Okay, what has two thumbs and doesn't waste your time. I don't waste your time here. Everything I told you yesterday is now out in the public. So as usual, you are usually about six months ahead of the news cycle. Now you're about 24 hours 'cause it's moving so fast and fast. I told you yesterday and oh, breaking news, they spotted this shooter 26 minutes out. It's not breaking. They just refused to listen to me yesterday. Michael's shaking his head yes when inside sources told me they found the shooter 26 minutes before and still let President Trump walk on stage.


Why was he on the stage? Another banger of a show today for all the wrong reasons. Again, one of these shows I wish I wasn't doing, but I have to tons of questions. Oh, and by the way, the secret service director said, don't worry, we didn't put someone on the roof because it could have created a dangerous situation. Like what? Someone getting shot in the head out of the


hey with coin. Get woke outta your wallet with a credit card that aligns your dollars with conservative values. Find them at coin, COIG n.com. Go to coin.com/disclosures for terms


folks, big show for you today. A lot of sound and audio and of course, again, you're ahead of the news cycle. JD Vance, just This is my pick. So not saying I made the decision for him as President Trump, but


Hey, with all the cancel culture going on, it's a threat to free speech. You think social media companies are innocent bystanders even when they hide your channel from search results. Just for expressing the wrong opinions at censorship, no one should have the right to silence your voice. The good news you can fight back by using what I use our trusted privacy partner Express, VPN. Your business online is your business. The problem with these big tech companies, not only they censor what you do, but they track what you do online. You're the product. They use this data to serve you. Ads And. they can match your activity to your true identity using your devices unique IP address. When you use ExpressVPN, your identity is masked and anonymized by a secure VPN server that encrypts your data. It's now time to take action and defend your rights. ExpressVPN makes it super easy. One tap to turn it on and you're protected. It's that easy. It's time to say no to censorship. Take back your privacy at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Go to our special link. You'll get an extra three months of ExpressVPN service for free. Again, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Secure your privacy today.


All right, fellas, let's get this party started. Unfortunately, it's not a party, folks. It just keeps getting worse. Getting worse. Only in government can an apocalyptic failure like this that nearly resulted in the death of a future president and would've changed world history in a potential like Archduke Ferdinand type moment, hopefully absent the World War, but could have altered history only in government. Does nobody take the blame? Nobody's responsible. Nobody resigns and nobody's fired. I mean, imagine running a Fortune five com hundred company that produces the most popular widget in the world.


I don't know the freaking pet rock or something, and you run out of rocks. It kind of defeats the purpose of you having a freaking business. Nobody's taking any responsibility for this. It's superficial responsibility. Oh yeah, man, the buck stops for me. I'll play this cut for you in a minute. The secret service director, the buck stop. So resign. You failed. You freaking failed. You blew it. He put that 11 news article up first. Folks, I told you this yesterday. Again, you can continue to watch these mainstream outlets and be 24 hours behind. I don't mean to sound like a dick, you guys are here with me every day. I'm just saying I'm a hundred question a hundred thousand already.


We're only five minutes in. Thank you all for being here. You wanna get ahead of the news? I've got the sources specifically on this thing. We've had this stuff for days alleged Trump shooters spotted by law enforcement nearly 30 minutes before the shots are fired. sources say, folks, I just did my good friend Mike Gallagher show downstairs on Radio Row. It's right out the window here in my right. We're in a special Rumble studio here. Thank you to Chris and thank you Rumble team. You did an amazing job. You all are awesome. We love Rumble. However, the question here is, as I've said before and I said on Gallagher show, if you spotted the shooter 26 minutes and if say 20 minutes, why was President Trump on the stage?


You've got a suspicious person who could be a lethal threat. Why are you putting a man out in the open within sniper range with an unsecured high ground, with no visual obstacle? Can anyone provide for me an explanation? Please gee, queue up the news report. Here's a local news report again, breaking news after we told you this yesterday. If the media would listen to us, the story would've already been out already. But they don't. They listen to their own bullshit. Listen to this and give me some kind of sane explanation as to how this was allowed to happen and why President Trump was allowed on the stage. Check this out. What we are learning, and this is pretty big according to some of the latest reporting coming out on this, several law enforcement officials are telling the AP that a local officer actually encountered the shooting suspect on the top of that building that he's accused of shooting from, climbed up onto the roof.


This was after being flagged down by people bystanders who saw that suspect climb up there. And that officer apparently went up onto the roof and the suspect pointed his rifle at the officer and that officer reportedly retreated giving the suspect the opportunity to shoot his rifle at former President Trump. So that is one of the big things. Why was he on the stage? Why was he on the stage? Everybody knew this was going on. Nobody thought to evacuate the president, former president, soon to be president.


You get the point. I need to keep correcting that. Why am you see on the stage? Let me let you in on a little secret service lingo. Again, nothing I'm telling you is classified you all in the military, anyone in military or or SWAT or policing on this has heard us before? EP executive protection. What is the golden rule of a threat of, of a persistent threat to life and limb? You get the protectee off the X. What's the X? It's the spot they're standing, whether they're exposed, get them off the X, cover him and evacuate. Why was he on the stage? Get him off the X, get him off the X. Everyone out there needs to be posting this repeatedly over and over again.


Why was he on the X? Why anyone in the chat have an explanation outside of incompetence? Listen, there are a bunch of people telling me, Dan, you're missing the emphasis. I only say what I know. I will never fucking bullshit you ever. I'm telling you right now. Occam's razor, the incompetence here is freaking stunning. Secret service director came out and the daily mail's covering it now and now said that they didn't have a element posted on that roof because it may have been dangerous. Okay, let me ask you another question. Secret service. You're the freaking director. I assume you've done this before, Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a line of sight problem folks in the chat, Jim, if this doesn't make sense as the audience ombudsman, Jim, producer Jim sitting in my lap.


If in the chat if you don't get this, I please tell me if there is a line of sight issue you can't solve. Say you have a tower or a pole where it's gonna be impossible to stage someone, but someone could crawl up that pole with a gun and shoot the president, okay? Or the protectee. Anyone know what you would do? You would block the line of sight. Let me give you an example of something I did because I did this shit for a living for 12 years. Ever hear that Aaron Neville song? I don't know much is that him? but I know. I don't know much, but I know this. I went to Hofstra University once to site for Hillary Clinton. She was the first lady. We didn't have enough assets to block line of sight. She was given a speech and there were some windows pointed to a dormitory tower.


So You know what I did because we block line of sight. If we can't stop a shooter from getting in an elevated position, we can at least stop them from seeing what they're shooting. You know that fake snow. You ever see fake snow? Jim? You spraying 'em? I said, can you guys go out and get some fake snow? And I had them spray the fake snow all over the windows so the shooter couldn't at least see what they were trying to shoot at. 'cause it was the best we could do. Was anything done to block the line of sight? Did anybody say, Hey, that's an elevated position, 130 yards away they could take out President Trump. Okay, we can't get someone up there. Can we at least block the line of sight? Why is no one asking these questions? I'm volunteering myself up on Capitol.


Hill. It cost me $5, probably less pre Joe Biden inflation to have Hofstra go out and get some fake snow on the freaking windows. Here's failed director who should have resigned and still, I mean, and zero human dignity at all. Here she is saying, Hey, the buck stops from me, but I'm not stepping down so the buck doesn't stop with you. You're clearly passing the bucks. Check this out. Who Is most responsible for this happening? What I would say is that the Secret Service is responsible for the protection of the former president. So the buck stops with you. The buck stops with me. I am the director of the Secret Service. It was unacceptable and it's something that shouldn't happen again.


The President and Homeland Security Secretary said today they had 100% confidence in you. But there are some members of Congress calling on you to resign. I appreciate the secretary's comments and we're gonna continue to be transparent and communicate with people. Do you plan to stay on? Absolutely. I do plan to stay on. Is this for real, Jim? Am I crazy? The buck? Yeah. Geez, he's right. Yeah, I mean that's kind of a big question. Well, in relation to this specifically, let's go micro macro. That was probably a bad, everyone in the studio at the same time is like, eh, probably not the best question with regards to this. The buck doesn't stop with you if you don't actually do anything.


Yeah, I I totally failed. Nearly got President Trump killed. But yeah, I'm just gonna continue to do the same failed job I did before. Oh, okay folks. Is there any other entity on planet earth, sports, entertainment, fortune 500 companies, mid-size companies, small companies. Is there any other entity on earth where this type of apocalyptic failure would not only be tolerated, but you still, you still have people out there in the media going, I've gotta praise the job they did. Praise what man? You're giving these people cover for a failed mission that will fail again. And mark my words. There will be some other attempt at some point, and you'll all be looking at me going, I should have listened to episode, whatever today's number is, where Dan said, Hey, You, know what you wanna change?


Failure change. The people instituting the failure and they're not doing it. Nobody has resigned over this. No one. I have an important message now too. This is directed at the people who know, the people who know about the fights to get more assets for President Trump. The people who know about his elevated threat level, the people who know that the security footprint wasn't adequate to keep this man alive and safe. I'm asking you as a friend, as a former colleague, life is calling man.


It's time to pick up the phone. Big people do big things. Small people do small things. The courageous are gonna speak out. I don't want to hear lectures about, oh, my pension and my, I resigned and walked away from my job and there was no guarantee anything was ever gonna come out of it. 'cause I believed in something bigger so I could spare me the lectures. You'll probably get whistleblower protection. Go get yourself a lawyer and speak out. Now you're running out of time. Life's calling, man. Pick up the phone. I asked a bunch of open questions yesterday.


There were still no answers to. Shockingly, no one has spoken out yet. It's now been a couple of days. It is time to speak up. You are running out of time. There are gonna be massive changes coming up if this government changes hands as I hope it does from this tyrant in charge now to President Trump. And somebody's gonna have to answer. So you damn well better speak up. Now there's still no answer to two biggest questions. Where was the aerial surveillance plan? So I asked, I'm gonna add a third question. The three questions, let me get 'em out of the way upfront. Number one, we asked in the beginning, I want every member of Congress I'm asking you, please, please, as an ally here, every member of Congress, Democrats too, because Joe Biden could be next if they don't do the right thing and clean this shit up.


Why was President Trump on the X? Why was he on stage at all? Question two, where was the aerial surveillance plan? Why is no one asking this question? Media people. You interviewed Kim Cheadle yesterday. Why was there not a drone, a helicopter, infrared thermal? Is anyone listening to this? It's not like I have any subject matter expertise on this, right? Or you wanna continue to rely on your experience from J School, journalism School. Why weren't there sufficient secret service post standards at the site? Why were you relying on other DHS agents rather than specifically trained secret service agent service agents at the site to protect the guy with the biggest threat profile you have?


Can anyone explain it? If those three questions, if members of Congress send them to your members of Congress, I need you Bino Army right now. If those three questions aren't answered, you will never get resolution to this at all. And this will happen again. Of course, again, it's government. Nobody's taken responsibility for anything. And not only are they not taking responsibility, they are lying. Here is this human abomination. Alejandro Mayorca, the DHS secretary, why does he matter? I know You know this. Forgive me for sounding a little redundant here if I may have said it multiple times, but the DHS oversees the secret service.


We used to be in the Treasury Department. We were moved to the Department of Homeland Security. Alejandro Mayorca, it would be the big boss. The guy's obviously failed at the border and everywhere else, but he's also in charge of the Secret Service. Here's Alejandro Alejandro Mayorkas lying to your face that there have been repeated requests for enhanced security around President Trump and Mar-a-Lago. And that they, he's pretending they were not rebuffed. I'm telling you for a fact, media people don't get on the wrong side of this. This man is lying. And to those people who know it is time for you to speak up, you are running out of time to do the right thing. Life's calling, pick the phone up.


Big people do big things. This man's a small person doing a small thing, and he is absolutely lying here. Check this out. You Also received a letter from the Chairman of the House, Homeland Security Committee that suggests your department may have rebuffed multiple requests from President Trump's security detail to increase protective resources. How do you respond to that? That is un unequivocally false assertion. We keep very close watch on a very dynamic threat environment. The president, the former president, our commonly, consistently under threat.


We take every single threat seriously. We make security adjustments as are warranted. We had enhanced security for the former president beginning, at least in June. We have not received any requests for additional security measures that were rebuffed. That assertion is unequivocally false. Dear media, people watching my show today, I know there's a lot of you. I am begging you. I'm, you're not friends. We will never be allies. Most of you hate America. I get it. I am telling you this is a lie. And if people would just speak up, life is calling.


You would know from the horse's mouth, that is not true. And I'm not sure what's worse, Jim. What's worse? That request for enhanced security measures around President Trump were not granted and he was subsequently almost killed or that they were granted. And this is the best you could do with the technology. And he's almost killed. Which one's worse? He's gonna go, I'm, I'm gonna go with number. He may be right. So did I'm like this. I'm like, yeah, either he's a liar or Alejandro. My orka is right. Jim, you're right. I think number two is worse and that this is the best you could do and the best technology you have.


And he still almost got killed by a 20-year-old rookie sniper, 130 yards away. And nobody noticed him or noticed him and did nothing about it. I I gee, who never says anything snuck great. That's a, that, that's a lot. That's a lot for gh. That's a lot. That zip that's like the Gettysburg address for gh. you know, this is the best you could do. You're you are, you are on the record with that. I just played the cut folks. The show's not going anywhere That's now gonna live in infamy. They're the best we could do. He's lying. It's not the best they could do.


The former is actually what happened. Not the latter. He is lying. There have been repeated requests for this enhanced security. Let me take a quick break and I'll get back to the show. I got a lot more ahead, including this is important. How the hell do we fix this? 'cause we gotta keep this guy alive, folks. It's not a third world republic. We don't get our executives killed.


Hey, student loan forgiveness, handouts and free everything seems everyone's getting a free pass. Yeah, except you, you've been an honest tax paying citizen for You know forever. But when covid and tough times happen, you fell behind with some unfiled tax returns instead of forgiveness. The IRS is hiring thousands of new enforcement agents to come after you. But listen, it's risky to call the IRS yourself. You need tax network USA. There are aggressive strategies are designed to help solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which ones to avoid. Tax Network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or help eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of these tax solutions expire. You don't wanna wait on this tax network. SA is owned by fellow Patriots. They're giving you a free consultation. Call 1 802 4 5 6,000. That's 1 802 4 5 6,000 or visit tn usa.com/dan tn usa.com/dan. Thanks Tax Network usa. We really appreciate you sponsoring the show back to the show.


So folks, because I never wanna be accused by my, the Patriots in this audience who are interested in keeping this government functioning, and we're not gonna work like a third world republic and let our people get killed, and we sure as shit aren't gonna let Donald Trump get killed out there. How the hell do we fix this? Because if we don't, it will happen again. Because passing the buck isn't doing an interview going, I'm in charge. Oh yeah, you're gonna resign. No, I'm not gonna resign. Oh, and by the way, this is the best we could do. Alejandro Makis. Step number one, you wanna change the secret service? Hey Jim, does the president of the United States' height and weight change based on the sex composition of his detail?


Male or female? It does not. It does not. Jim says, president Trump's a rather large man. He's a big guy. I'm 6 1 200 pounds, maybe 1 97. I don't know. President Trump is a lot bigger than me. When President Trump grabs you for the handshake and pulls you in, he feels like a college wrestler sometimes. He's a big guy. He's heavier than me. I don't know what his weight is. I haven't asked him recently, but I can tell you he's heavier than I am. He's also bigger. So if, can I just ask a common sense question here? If the President of the United States or any protective, for that matter, if their height and weight do not change, then why are the physical fitness standards different for men and for women? Anyone in the chat of an idea?


Oh, because we believe in DEI. Bullshit. If we're a bunch of lefties that are running our government right now, why do fitness standards change? Folks? I don't care what your sex, religion, creed, whatever it is. If you can't lift and evacuate the President of the United States and use force to protect him, you may be required to kill someone to protect the President of the United, the United States. I hope that never happens, but that may happen one day. If you cannot perform these firearm and physical fitness functions, then get the hell off the job. Get off the job. Has anyone ever wondered why the GI Jane story only exists in movies?


These physical disparities are real. Can they be overcome? I don't know, but you're gonna have to show us in a physical fitness test. I would change this immediately. There is one standard because there's one protectee. If a female agent or a male agent for that matter, it doesn't matter to me, cannot lift the president and evacuate them, they cannot do the basic job functions. Imagine hiring someone to develop a website who has zero website experience. What are you relying on?


Goodwill? Here's Kare. John Pierre asked a very basic question. Oh, you know, there's a bunch of people out there. Of course, the media question is always slanted complaining about female agents. No one's complaining about female agents. They're complaining about agents who can't do the job, who happen to be female. That's a totally different story. I have already told you I worked a secret service. There is a valuable role for female protection agents. Oh, what are you? Virtue signaling. What are you a moron? No. Practically speaking, we have female protectees. They go into bathrooms.


They go into places where other females obviously are gonna fit in different. There is a role there, but you have to be able to perform the job. Here's phony, fake, pathetic, KARE, Jean Pierre. So You know bullshitting this reporter and say, oh, You know this is all about like DEI. Crap. Check this out. Yeah, Kane Jean Pierre Have the tragic events of this weekend shifted the president's sense of urgency or position on gun control legislation. And then secondly, there's been a lot of right wing chatter about the female agents starting the former president, specifically whether women are up to the job.


People are noting that they're smaller, that they weren't able to cover president, but I mean this. This is a talking point that is circulating. So what's your response? That's ridiculous. Your, to your second question. Obviously, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. Folks. You understand she's gonna get her boss killed with this stuff. President Biden is a secret service. Protectee, obviously, they don't care. They are not interested at all in even keeping their own people alive. They're interested in DEI over everything. Step one. How do we fix this? One physical fitness standard period. Not one for females and one for males. Let me let you in on a little secret. You may not know you ready?


There are bonuses awarded to field office supervisors, special agents in charge in the field who go out and recruit based on quotas, not merit. Listen to what I just said. They are given bonuses. They are cash incentivized to go and hire on quotas, not on merit for one of the most important jobs in the federal government, keeping our people alive. The next director, this woman should be fired immediately. If President Trump wins immediately, the next director needs to come in there, scrap this old PT garbage standard and scrap all this DEI garbage.


Here's another step to fix the Secret Service Media People. Feel free to report on this. It's not like I have some subject matter expertise or anything. Security assets should never be allocated according to title that he is a former president. Doesn't matter. There is nothing in 18 USC 30 56 that gives the Secret service the power to do what they do. There is nothing in there that says former agents should get less protection. Go read it. Nothing. Your threat, the threat assessment dictates the amount of bodies you're gonna apply to the problem. Look at President Trump last night when he rolled out on the floor.


Did you see that FNX of Secret Service agents out there? What? The threat assessment changed overnight. I got news for you. It didn't. It's been high the whole time. Now you find people what changed, what changes? You got embarrassed. President Trump should have a full presidential package. I've only been calling for this like forever. I'm gonna take a quick break and I'm gonna get to this RFK thing too, because now RFK all of a sudden has a detail what RFK threat assessment changed overnight. Folks, what I'm getting at is the reduced security package for President Trump and the lack of security for RFK was a political decision, not a security.


One fact. I'll get to that in a second. Quick break. We'll be right back to the


show. Hey, time is our precious commodity, a most precious commodity. I've heard from so many of my listeners who've asked about advice about how you can spend time. Why is I even wrote about it in my book? You wanna improve yourself and the people around you. That's why I'm really stoked about Hillsdale College. I use them. They're fantastic. They're offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College online courses all available for free. That's right for free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity. It's an 11 lecture course. You'll study the inspiring stories of Christ as apostles, the faithful ones throughout the first four centuries of Christianity. You'll learn the arguments of key early Christian apologists who defended the Christian faith in the faith of persecution. The course is self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever. Enroll now in ancient Christianity to discover the improbable, miraculous story of Christianity. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/bino to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/bonino to register hillsdale.edu/bonino


and our last sponsor today, Check it out folks. MyPillow, they gave us a whole bunch of stuff. Look at that. They could check this baby out. I I'm actually sitting home on the back. It's so comfortable. They gave us pillows, they gave us slippers. They gave us everything. They gave us towels. You asked in MyPillow. Listen, they're finally bringing you the most requested offer yet. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now for only 1998. My pillows made with patented adjustable fill field app. Adjust your exact position and needs, regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned, holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets for only $25. The brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98. Their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all the MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow, only 1998. Lowest price ever. Order today, mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Thank you. Appreciate it, MyPillow.


Okay, folks. Did the threat level against RFK running for president obviously change overnight. We called for presidential protection for RFK. How long ago, Jim? Six months ago. RFK is a more than viable candidate. Is he gonna win? Is he gonna be President Trump? I highly doubt it. However, he's polling in double digits and is a more than viable presidential candidate. He's actually got a better chance of winning right now probably than Joe Biden. Why does he not have secret service protection? I don't support RFK, but I'm not an asshole and I don't make my security decisions based on politics. And it's not like, well, Jim wasn't his dad? Something happened to his dad, right? Yeah, he I think he got assassinated. Oh, he was assassinated. I didn't even know that.


That's, I just learned that today on the show here. All of a sudden, folks randomly, it's like the threat matrix changed overnight. Here's my orcas again. Oh yeah. Now we're gonna give protection to RFK. Six months ahead of the news cycle. Check this out. In light of this weekend's events, the president has directed me to work with the Secret Service to provide protection to Robert Kennedy Jr. Jim just checked, just so You know, we written say it, but verify it. Receipts matter, right? It was almost a year ago that we called for RFK to get Secret Service protection. Now all of a sudden, keep in mind, I am not getting an inside briefing on the threat matrix and assessment against RFK.


I just know from doing this that his threat level is probably mid to high. That's why we call for it. Now, all of a sudden, the guy who is getting the briefings comes around to our position. Folks, this is all a joke. It's all sick. Disgusting politics. Here's another major fix. The Secret Service needs to institute tomorrow. PT tests, scrap DEI security assets allocated based on threat, not on titles. They have to merge the Special operations division. I don't know if You know this, but the emergency response team on the White House grounds our SWAT team, they can only be uniform division officers. Why?


Why is that? Our counter assault team, that element you saw on stage with the black BDU when President Trump got shot, those guys can only be agents. Why? There's more than enough qualified Uni uniform Division officers. What? That's an artificial distinction. Why did You know canine units can only be uniform division officers? Why no one in the secret service will give you one single sound Reason? We had an agent in my class who was a marine sniper. Why the hell can't he be a counter sniper guy? The answer is because it's the freaking government And. they can't do a cranial rectal reverse inversion.


That's why counter sniper guys are only uniform division. Insane. What's that? Cranial recto can. Why? Why can't a cranial recto happen? Why? Also the Secret service. They have no, why do they still doing investigations? All of this bullshit I hear even from friends. Oh, it makes you a better protection agent. They are. I did them both. They are two completely different skill sets. The only thing the Secret Service should be investigating are threat levels. That is it. There is no reason for them to be doing this.


So Byron Biden by that was, that was the worst. Fred and Slip ever. I was trying to say Tyrant and Biden and it came out. Byron, I think we should put that on his shirt. The Byron spoke out last night. He gave another pathetic, disgusting interview and he was asked first for the first time in forever. President Trump almost has to get killed before the media asks a freaking question. Hey, what about all this violent rhetoric you've been using? Like putting a bullseye on the president. Watch him stumble through the whole thing because they're the source of the violent rhetoric. Not us. Check this out. You Called your opponent an existential threat on a call a week ago. You said it's time to put Trump in the bullseye. There's some dispute about the the context, but I think you appreciate the Word.


I didn't see cross here. I was talking about focus on, look, the truth of the matter was, what I guess I was talking about at the time was there was very little focus on Trump's agenda. Yeah, The term was bullseye Was a, it was a mistake to use the word. I didn't. I didn't say crosshairs. I'm bullseye. I meant focus on him. Focus on what he's doing. Now this I just want you to understand, this will all be let go by the end of the week. And the media, again will be calling Trump a Hitler Nazi fascist. There'll be articles written. What if the shooter didn't miss? Guaranteed? Guaranteed. However, the media now trying to preserve some sliver of dignity they don't have is decided.


Let's ask him one tough question to move on. Remember when Sarah Palin, they had that map with the crosshairs over districts? Remember that? That actually turned into a lawsuit that went on forever. Biden says, let's put a bullseye on Trump. He subsequently gets shot and he gets a free Oh yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, Oh. no, I I didn't mean it. I meant like focus on him. Oh, okay. See if you're given the same deference by the media, if you were to say the same thing, good luck. Wanna see the craziest media response I've seen yet? Here is the absolutely hapless joy. Read the gold medal winner in the dopey media talking head Olympics. I'm sorry, but I think she'd be. She should be gold medal winner emeritus or something. She should never ever be taken from that spot.


Ever Hall of Fame. We're establishing today for the first time the Hall of Fame in the dopey media talking head Olympics and our first nominee. How many we got here from the staff folks in the chat. Yes. Joy Reed should be our first, our first a plaque on the hall of fame for media. Morons. Yes. Why? Yes and no. Gee yes, yes or no. Gee, yes. Michael, Jim, I take Theresa, but I'm mad at her. She doesn't get a vote. Paula? Yes, ATA. It's unanimous. Folks in the chain. Yes. Yes. Bot Gino. If it's anything over 50%, she is our first one.


I am sure we good. Mike's. Mike's chiming in remotely. He is a yes. I'm sorry Mike. This Alright. Gee, get the cut. Ready. Here's Joy Reed saying this is really terrible, but it good is gonna, it's gonna allow President Trump to be the victim. Allow you have to what? Check this out. That the greatest purveyor and promoter of political violence really You know since anyone can remember since George Wallace. I think you know that we just haven't experienced that kind of open You know sort of sighting or sort of incitement of violence or sort of luxuriating in the idea of violence.


It's just not something we're used to anymore in American politics. And then we had to get used to that being a thing. And people are concerned and expressing concern that we won't be the guardians of memory and that we will allow Donald Trump as he is You know, bathed in the glory and grandeur of his party to rewrite himself as both a hero and a victim. Oh my gosh. Is this woman a lunatic? He was just shot in the face and hit his ear. He came within a millimeter of having his head blown off on live TV.


And this absolute dipshit, who I'm sure everyone is disavowed, any knowledge of knowing this loser at all, who's not a crazy liberal, right? It's like, well, it's gonna allow him to paint himself as a victim. By the way, that was unanimous. Jim says, the Hall of Fame. I think it's 75% Joy Reed, congratulations everyone. Round of applause. Rumble. Round of applause for Joy Reed, please ask everyone thank you to the Rumble staff, joy Reed, our first joy, if you wanna prepare an acceptance speech for the Hall of Fame, gee will be running it on the show. Jim, can we do that? We will run it on the show. Joy. We're putting out the, if everyone wants to tweet to Joy, please prepare an acceptance speech as the dopest media talking head we've ever heard in our life.


What's that? Oh, you guys wanna see the Rumble room? Yeah. We'll give you a little sneak peek behind the scenes. Flip on over that everyone wave. Hello Rumble team. Say hello to the audience. We got 200,000 people watching you right now. This is a great crew. We love you guys. Was Gerald in here before? Gerald was here before right from Crowder. so we saw him running around. He's, if he comes back, we'll say hello to him. So thank you Rumble. We appreciate everything you guys are doing. It's awesome. Glad you guys got the, everybody's clapping. All right. I don't wanna forget this 'cause it was more big news yesterday. Obviously. I'm gonna stay focused all week on this really important story, which is President Trump nearly died and we gotta keep this guy alive. I'm not gonna let that go. I hope you understand that. However, it's not the only thing going on.


The news cycle in this country rolls fast and it was a huge announcement yesterday. You guys in the chat. Who are my P ones? I'm gonna ask you a serious question right now. It's a little kind of interactive show element here. Can you guys read my winky Winky nod nods You. know what I mean? Have you guys learned to read my language when I can say something without saying something? Because it's okay. You get the point. I don't need to say anymore. JD Vance was selected yesterday as Donald Trump's running mate. I am extremely happy with that selection. I thought he was the best pick. Other people had different ideas. That's okay. That's what makes the conservative movement great.


We believe in actual free speech. The God-given right to speak out and have an opinion. Some people had a different one. I strongly supported the selection of JD Vance. I'm glad you guys read my Winky Weaky nods. You're always ahead of the news cycle here. Here was Donald Trump's post on truth. You probably read it, not gonna read the whole thing, but he did it at about, you would've come out about noon or something, right? Nah, maybe after. I don't know, something like, but I came out yesterday and remember Ladies and gentlemen with the VP pick, I strongly support JD and always have. I want that on the record period. However, for those of you who didn't and thought another pick was better, this is our ticket now and we have an existential threat to the United States and we're gonna run with this ticket.


but I just want you to remember one thing, the golden rule with a vice presidential pick in selection. And I I, the platinum rule is do no harm nobody. I'm sorry, but nobody votes for the vice president. No one. They're voting for Donald Trump. The pick. You can't do any harm with the pick. Okay? I believe JD Vance is, I don't believe it's true. He's young, he's energetic, and nobody is able to speak to the middle class better than jd. His book, hillbilly Elegy will change your life if you read it. It's about the hollowing out of middle America. Even liberals like the damn book because they were like, wow, the middle class is getting screwed over.


Nobody talks the language of the middle class better than JD Vance and Ladies and gentlemen, we need that. He is going to live in Pennsylvania for the next few months because he understands that entire area and what happened to it. Another positive. He's a fantastic debater. He is a master debater. You need to pause. If you say that fast. You'll see why. He is definitely a master debater. He understands serial box messaging better than any other of the VP candidates. People only understand soundbites and snapshots. That's why the picture of President Trump is going to go down as one of the most iconic pictures in political history, snapshots and soundbites.


Nobody gets the soundbite better than jd. He's great on TV and he understands it. He's one of the few guys in politics who changed my mind on a subject. He did a podcast about the hollowing out of America and China and the WTO and trade with China. He's one of the few guys ever changed my position. Here's a quick one minute clip. Some of jd, he's not a big yeller and a screamer and that's okay. Obviously I am. We got a bit of different styles there, but that's okay. Here's about a minute hot tip. The daily caller of some of j d's, most viral moments from the past. Check this out. The thing, the media and Congressman Ryan, they talk about this all the time. The thing they never mentioned is that poor girl was raped by an illegal alien.


Somebody that should have never been in this state in the first place. When the media and people like Tim Ryan accused me of engaging in the grace great replacement theory. I'll tell you exactly. You're pedal it, I pedaling it, I'll you exactly what happens, Tim. What happens is that my own children, my biracial children get attacked by scumbags online and in person because you are so desperate for political power that you'll accuse me the father of three beautiful biracial babies of engaging in racism. We are sick of it. You can believe in a border without being a racist. You can believe in the the country without being a racist. And this just shows how desperate this guy is for political power. I think it takes a special amount of gall to be from Joe Biden's political party and to complain about the fentanyl crisis that is ravaging not just Ohio, but the entire country because it is Joe Biden's border policies that have invited this fentanyl into our country at record levels.


Again, folks, I am a a, a loud vocal supporter of JD in this spot and have been for a long time. I owe you an opinion that's mine. You are absolutely entitled and I respect alternate opinions. but I don't respect people who don't wanna win. This is our ticket now and this is the battle we're going into. This is, this is the army we're going to battle with my humble opinion. It's the best one we could have gotten. And now we have it. I want you to listen to one more person. There's a rumor we're gonna see this guy tonight, right? Jim Tucker. Oh, we are gonna see geese. We are special. Anita, do me a do a post. Do me a favor and pin it tonight.


7:00 PM Eastern, 6:00 PM local time. Our first primetime RNC special. The guest for the show is gonna be the great Tucker Carlson. Don't miss it. Right here on the Rumble channel, Rumble dot com slash bino Rumble dot com slash bonino. Download the Rumble app. You you're gonna love the show tonight. I'm already preparing a whole bunch of stuff. Why did I bring that up here? Because if you're having doubts about JD Vance, listen to what Tucker says. This is a really, really profound thing. All of the right people, and by right I mean wrong. All of the right people seem to hate JD Vance. All of the right people.


Check this out. JD Vance is the VP pick. And I think every person who pays close attention has gotta be thrilled by that. And if you don't know much about JD Vance, I'm not even gonna make a case for JD Vance. I'm gonna tell you what I just saw, which is that every bad person I've ever met in a lifetime in Washington was aligned against JD Vance. And I do think the negative case is often more powerful Folks. Lindsey Graham was, who by the way, I can't stand. He's done more damage to the Republican brand. He's in a blood red state in South Carolina and acts like he's in a swing state.


Lindsey Graham was trashing JD Vance trashing him just the day before. All the right people hate JD Vance. Is there any more convincing you could possibly need? All right, there's other news going on in the news cycle. This is, I mean, talk about drinking from a fire hose, like drinking from five fire hoses at the same time, judge Eileen Cannon throws out Donald Trump's records case down in Florida because Jack Smith was unconstitutionally appointed. Ladies and gentlemen, another story you were a year ahead of. If you're watching the show Jack Smith, they have no power whatsoever to pluck someone, not Senate confirm out of the private sector, anoint this guy as a special counsel in the most powerful, potentially destructive case in American history against a former president.


Sorry, I was waving to some folks out there. The volunteers, they just made up the authority to do this. It was only a matter of time before these people got exposed. Judge Eileen count is like, how did you appoint this guy? I want you to listen to the great Mike Davis. Why am I bringing up Mike Davis? Anyone in the studio know because Mike Davis will be a guest on our next primetime special tomorrow night, 7:00 PM Eastern, 6:00 PM Local with the great Jack po Soc too. I got bangers lined up for you, freaking bangers. Here's Mike Davis explaining how if Jack Smith was un unconsciously appointed, this may affect the DC Insurrection case too.


Check this out. So the United States Constitution is very clear that if you want to create new officers or if you wanna spend taxpayer money, it has to be through our elected representatives in Congress. And we had the Office of the Independent Council and Congress intentionally let that lapse after the Ken Star investigation of President Clinton. And so what did the Justice Department do? They tried to sidestep that. They tried to create by fiat, the Office of the Special Counsel through regulation, not through Congress. And then this Office of Special Counsel is not accountable to the Attorney General on a day-to-Day basis.


There's no day-to-Day management. And it essentially gets an unlimited budget. So Judge Eileen Cannon followed the Constitution. It's very clear that the Office of Special Counsel is unconstitutional and she just ruled that way today. Folks, all you had to do was Jim, what's that thing called again? The governing thing with the C, the constitu. I always forget that All you wanna do is read it. Dan, you didn't go to law school. Yeah, I didn't go to medical school either. But if my heart's you, oh, you have one. Look at this. Thank you. De look. Here we go folks. The Constitution, it's, wait, is there an hold on? No, there's no appendix. There's no appendix.


The constitution right there. Okay, here's how this works, liberals. There are words in it. You just read it and you crack it open. Article 6.25. You can appoint a special counsel from the private sector to try a former President Oh. no, that's not there. That's not there. It's not in the constitution. Shit, man. It's like Merrick Garland didn't know that. Of course he knew it. He just wanted the craziest person possible to prosecute Donald Trump. And that happened to be Jack Smith who's already gotten smoked in the Supreme Court a couple of times. So right after the pick, right after the pick, by the way of JD Vans, this happened on the floor.


Did you see this? I gotta give you some RNC stuff 'cause we're here live at the RNC. This was bananas on the floor. Don Junior's down there on the floor. And this M-S-N-B-C asshole, he sticks a mic in Don Junior's faces. You guys see this? And of course, you know, obviously President Trump was just shot a few days ago. You'd think there'd be like a latency period where they wouldn't be dickheads. Ah, let's give us a couple. No, no, no sticks a mike and Don's face like, ah, here for you're You know, giving him the whole fascist tyrant bullshit stuff. And I want you to see how Don Jr ends this thing. This is classic. This is why I love Don Jr. Check this out. What Is that change gonna look like? Don? What practically your father as president, I think you would even say was a divisive figure. What's it gonna look like in the second term?


I don't think he was a divisive figure at all. I think the media created divisiveness around him. They lied about Russia. Russia collusion. They said he was a traitor. They went after him in every which way is possible. If the media actually starts being an honest broker, talking about the things that he did, the prosperity he brought, the peace deals that he signed around the world, rather than the disaster that we're living right now. I think you'd do everyone in the country a big favor. I know immigration's important to him. I covered the family separation crisis closely while we continue to see policies like separating 5,000 children deliberately from their parents. You mean the Obama administration? You know they didn't do that, sir. Sure. Will there be a second family separation policy? It's M-S-D-N-C. So I expect nothing less from you. Clowns. Even, even today, even 48 hours later.


You couldn't wait. You couldn't wait with your lies and with your nonsense. So just get outta here Folks. This is why I love the entire Trump family. They all have the same Go get 'em. No bullshit approach to this stuff. These people are absolute pieces of shit. They deserve nothing. They deserve never to be treated with any respect because they're liars and they're frauds. Go look up the Lopez agreement. What Don said is right. That child separation thing he's complaining about was an Obama era thing. He's just making that up or he is a moron. 'cause that's what media people do. I wanna play one last thing for you. This is important folks. I want you to keep in perspective the potential assassination of a president, the border chaos, Ukraine, the Middle East, what's going on in Russia, China, Sabre rattling, what's going on in the Philippines with China and the South China Sea right now, the inflation crisis.


I want you to understand that all of this happened under Biden. The media can try to hide that all they want. But the irony of this hat tip Tom Elliot and Rabon is they had said a long time ago that all of this chaos was gonna happen under Donald Trump. They had given out all these warnings. Yet it's weird. It all materialized under the oatmeal. God in the White House. Here's a little reminder of all the stuff that did happen that they said was gonna happen under Donald Trump. Check this out. What Would a second Donald Trump term look like? Well, he cannot be the next president. It it because if he is, You can't imagine the things that he's going to do. Mexico, Canada. We can't go to Canada because eventually Canada will become an ex to America and shoot visitors to the White House.


Yeah, that means he can shoot the first lady. We're Gonna see violence, the likes of which we didn't even see on January 6th, Make it illegal to run against him, to throw his opponents in jail, to shut down the media. He will make himself into the Fre and he will make everybody raise their hand and slew him. Everything they said was gonna happen under Trump. Sadly, he's gone down under the oatmeal. God folks, I will see you tonight. 7:00 PM There's some strange guy coming over here. Now I've, do you guys know this guy doing security? Security? What? Holy, let's say that in this climbing security, I come to join the Bonino army.


Do you Know this guy? But I want the good role. I wanna be at least the sergeant. but I will work hard. You No, you're a lieutenant. Immediate. You're coming outta OCSA Lieutenant. I'm, I'm coming on your show. Right? I'm so excited because what I wanna know is how you have created this phenomena. How you have created the Bongino army. How you became, we've Got 192,000 Joan Rogan of streaming. This is it. This is unprecedented. you know why? Because of them. These are really good people. Russell who care about this guy. They care about their country And. they care about honest voices. And you're a no bullshit guy. I posted that picture of me and you yesterday outside the restaurant and I had like neighbors I haven't heard from in years. Like, oh, I love that guy. 'cause they don't want bullshit. That's why. And that's why you have an audience and I have an audience.


'cause you can listen to these media assholes lie to you all day. Come to a show like us and get the truth, the unvarnished truth. And that's what people want. There's a craving for man, we're like, we're like truth vampires seeking blood, but we want the truth instead. You know. Yeah, I've really realized that in our space, integrity and authenticity are what people require. That they, that we are being flooded and kind of gassed and gas lit with toxic dis ingenuity and dishonesty constantly. And I think that the way that you are cutting through that mate is incredible. No wonder there are calls for you to be given a position in government. Brother, you're the man. We're, what's up? What's his url? Rumble dot com slash slash russell brand go follow today. Right now I will be on with Russell. It's gonna be a banger, I promise.


Russell, thanks for stopping by, man. Sometimes We have challenges getting an audience. It's almost as if we're streaming against someone that gets a really large audience number. Folks in my chat, so we got a buck 92 right now. You guys gonna watch the show? Yes or no? Let's blow up the Rumble chat. Let's melt the Rumble chat. Yes they are. Of course they are. You're damn right they are. Russell, thank you For everything you've done in this space. It's so lovely to spend time with you. I look forward to getting to know you later, Dan. Don't Miss the show. What you know, Mar Hey, help Russell out. He's got a great show. All right folks, I'm gonna Get Ready for the radio show right now.


Available streaming Rumble dot com slash bonino right here. Please download the Rumble app today. Give us a follow. We added 20,000 new people on Rumble Rumble dot com slash bonino.


And also one more thing, follow us on Apple and Spotify as well. Love you guys. You're the best. See you tonight. 7:00 PM Eastern with Tucker Carlson. Right back here. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.