
Hey, good morning. Great to have you with us here on VINCE, always nice to chat with you and boy oh boy, do we have a show for you? Let's see. I've got Democrats absolutely face planning on the economy. Love that. I've got Democrats who are desperately trying to get MS 13 guys back into the United States. Hate that. I've got the Trump administration just smacking those Democrats around. Love that. And then we've got a bunch of really rich women going up into space for a 10 minute pillow fight and then coming back and saying that they're basically Charles Lindbergh. All that ahead on, VINCE, great to have you with us today. Look at you in the chat.


We got the, We got the major emojis pouring in on Rumble right now. Love those major. Might stop by the show if my wife is listening, which sometimes she is, I'd love to have major stop by the show at some point this morning. Great to have you with us. We have, again, a very big show for you today and a lot of really good news to share. I love sharing good news, and we'll get to that in just a moment.


First, I gotta tell you about something. Speaking of my wife, lemme tell you about my mattress experience first real quick. This is for Helix. I'm so happy that Helix is a sponsor on this show. And here's the reason why. The, you know, when my wife and I first bought our mattress, we went to one of those big mattress stores. Do you guys do this? You go to a big mattress store, and then the person who's there, you have no idea if they know anything about mattresses whatsoever, but they start walking you through the process. They're like, are you a side sleeper? Are you a back sleeper? Are you stomach sleeper? And they, they ask you some basic questions and then they say, okay, come over here. And then they have, you lie on a variety of mattresses. This is what they did for us. And then by the end of it, they try and convince you, which they kind of did. They kind of convinced me, oh, this is the one for you. You should get this one. And if you don't like it, you could always send it back. Okay? So we go into the store, we buy the damn thing, we, we, it's delivered to our house, and then we start sleeping on it and we don't really love it, or we're not sure if it's us or if it's the mattress, or maybe I'm just not built to sleep on a good mattress. And so by the time you figure out, you're like, I'm not sure I love this thing. There's enough self-doubt about it. And the thing is already in your house, it's this huge mattress, it's in your home. The last thing you wanna do is be like, okay, I'm gonna pick it up and I'm gonna return it now. So you kinda get stuck with it. Well, that's where Helix comes in. Helix, I just, we just did the survey a couple weeks ago. We did the survey. You go on their website, they make it super easy. They assess your sleep, they assess the things that you're looking for, and then they give you a recommendation, and then it shows up at your house. You buy it, it shows up at your house. I am not, I'm not just saying this because Helix is a sponsor of this show today, which, for which I'm very grateful. I'm telling you authentically from the bottom of my heart, this is the best damn sleep I've had in my entire life. My wife and I love this mattress. Literally two shocking levels. We had no idea how much we'd love it. And I think you're gonna love it too, because Helix Sleep is an award-winning mattress brand That has been the essential reason why I'm now waking up feeling so much more refreshed and ready to take on the day. And there's no more tossing and turning. If you're dealing with snoring or sleep apnea, back pain, you sleep too hot, Helix has a mattress option that's just for you. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE to get started. And you know, a good night's sleep is one of the best ways that you can have a better quality of life. Helix Mattress is there to help you, and I am here to help you right now. Helix is offering you, this shows viewers, this shows listeners 20% off site wide. That's right. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ VINCE. Get 20% off Sitewide. Once again, get 20% off by visiting Helix sleep.com/ VINCE. Yeah, I really didn't, I I thought I was doomed. I was like, there's no, maybe I'll just never find a mattress that works. And Helix showed up and I'm like, holy crap, it works, works great.


Hey, let me, let me start with some really big economic news for you today. Huge, huge, huge good news for the United States of America. What has President Trump been trying to do? What's the whole point of all of this economic chaos, the fighting, the tariffs, the trade war. What is the point of all of this? It's to restore jobs to the United States of America, to bring back jobs, to focus on what's good for us. And so how have the left responded? How have, how have Trump haters responded? They insist it's impossible. What he's trying to do is totally impossible. Those jobs are never coming back. Americans are too lazy to take them. There is no world in which we will want American manufacturing again, we just want other countries to manufacture we'll just consume it.


And now it's easy for rich lefties to say that. But what about for the rest of us? What about for the rest of us? Well, yesterday, Biden's treasury secretary, Janet Yellen, started the day with what I think is one of the greatest media hits ever, because it took her mere seconds to experience an incredible face plant on national television. Watch Janet Yellen yesterday confidently tell us, there is no way manufacturing jobs are coming back to the United States. Perhaps it's to bring back American manufacturing. But I really think that's a, that's a pipe dream and not something that is likely to be accomplished.


And we could even raise questions about whether or not in a broad based way, that's a desirable goal. Yeah, that's a pipe dream. Manufacturing jobs coming back to the United States, that's never going to happen. In fact, not only is it never going to happen, let's be honest, it's not even desirable. We don't want those jobs, says Janet Yellen, Janet Yellen, who I, how much muscle mass does she have? What, what job could she possibly do other than flap her gums and get everything wrong? When she arrived in the Biden administration right at the very beginning, she told us, oh, no, no inflation. Inflation isn't going up. No, no, we've got, we've got that under control. That's not even a concern.


She said that, she really said that. Do you know what happened after she said that in the beginning of 2021? Yeah, inflation skyrocketed. It went up well above 9%. So Janet Yellen is worth, worth nothing. Janet Yellen's worth nothing. Her her opinion's worth nothing. She's, unless you're just trying to measure it for what is going to be the complete opposite of the truth. And so there's Janet Yellen yesterday saying, yeah, there's no manufacturing jobs. They're not coming back to the United States. Stop looking for them. We don't even want them. That's wild because minutes later We got this news. Nvidia is now announcing that it is bringing new supercomputers entirely into the United States of America.


Just minutes after Janet Yellen pronounced that on national television, Nvidia, one of the largest technology companies on the whole planet, announced yesterday Monday, that it is now going to be designing factories to manufacture artificial intelligence supercomputers entirely in the United States, in tandem with other companies. Nvidia is now securing over 1 million square feet of factory floor space to manufacture these AI chips in Arizona and to build supercomputers in Texas. The company announced that's key. NVIDIA's founder and CEO Jensen Wong saying in a statement, the engines of the world's AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time.


He added that American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demands for AI chips and supercomputers. It strengthens our supply chain And it boosts our resiliency. Nvidia is announcing with its partners that they are going to be producing up to a half trillion dollars. That is $500 billion of investment of AI infrastructure in the United States over just the next four years. That would be the Trump administration before Trump leaves office. And in fact, the projections are that they're going to be able to have all of this much of this up and running in just the next year. That's how quickly this is happening.


That's how quickly it's happening. And in fact, this morning on truth, social president Trump went further on this issue. He was, he is really pleased about Nvidia coming to the country. Take a look at his statement here. He says, Nvidia is committing $500 billion to build AI supercomputers in the United States exclusively. This is very big and exciting news. All necessary permits will be expedited and quickly delivered to Nvidia, as they will to all companies committing to be a part of the Golden age of America. So great news as we go, we have massive manufacturing plants coming to the United States.


Those manufacturing plants won't just require humans who work there. And obviously things are becoming more efficient, automation is becoming a lot more efficient. They're gonna, there, there's gonna be ways to do this without a ton of new human labor, but maybe they'll have some degree of human labor there that's gonna help in the United States. What I can tell you for certain though, is we still require humans to build, put buildings up. We still require humans to service those buildings. Those revenues will be generated in the United States. There will be a constellation of people who work both in and around those factories who are spending their money in the United States on American businesses helping the American economy. This is massive and, and a great piece of news for our economy this week.


A a piece of news where you've got like people who are literally going on television and insisting that, oh, are we really gonna re-up upend the global economy for HVAC jobs? This is Nia Malika Henderson. She was on CNN this week. Take a look at this here. She was on, on CNN insisting, what are we gonna do? We're gonna, we're gonna, we need HVAC jobs. These are meaningless jobs. Is it worth it to upend the global economy for HVAC jobs? Right? Which is what Howard Lutnick is talking about. That these factories will be largely automated, but then there'll be mechanics who are, I guess, fixing the machines and fixing other robots and the HVAC systems.


So they are making big promises when they can deliver is still an OpenQuake. Is it worth it to upend the economy for HVAC jobs? She asks out loud. Now, lemme ask you something, Chad, you tell me, if the air conditioning went out in that studio, how would she and her co-panelists react? How would they react? What would be their opinion of not having heating or air conditioning inside of that studio? They'd go crazy. This would be, that would be a war crime in their view. That would be the end of the world. I can't do this.


I can't do this job under those conditions. There is no way that I can show up here. HVAC jobs. HVAC jobs, by the way, are far more involved and technically proficient and impressive than anything that she was doing on national television. Anything. The guys who work HVAC work, real jobs. They work real jobs. Those are the guys who are making sure, making sure that making people like that can remain comfortable being indoors. That's what they're doing. They're lifting boilers. They're connecting heating and air conditioning. They're repairing cooling units. They're, they're working all the time to make sure that we can all be inside of buildings and not be, you know, just in unbearable conditions.


In fact, they're very bearable thanks to the guys who work hvac. It's a good job. It's a good job. It really is. And there's a lot of good people who do it in the United States. So, so is, if the question is, should we restructure the economy to the benefit of the guys who actually work for a living? Yes, the answer is yes, definitely. We should definitely do that. What, what kind of ridiculous She's asking it in a contemptuous way. I'm asking it in an earnest way. Should we restructure it? Yes, definitely. I'd love to see that. So, and the HVAC guy's, by the way, like I, my brother's an HVAC guy. He's great at it. He's, he, he, I feel like he's constantly working on it. And then he's constantly getting an education on how to do it better.


He works on boilers. He's always, I I, I'll be talking to him. I'll be like, Hey, what you up to? I got, I'm taking this training, I'm learning this new system. I'm learning this new, this new equipment. He's constantly doing it. He's been doing it for years after he got outta the Marine Corps, he went into hvac. It's good work. It's really good work. And this lady's a lunatic for what she's saying. But here you have the president making a really big economic announcement, Nvidia, this massive chip manufacturer, super essential coming to the United States. They're building supercomputers. And with all of this technology being attracted to the United States, all of the, the ai, the data centers, you know what else follows with that energy, we need a lot more energy in the United States, whether it's in the form of, of coal or that natural gas or even nuclear.


We need nuclear. These, a lot of these data centers they can thrive off of. They can build these little micro nuclear plants right at the data center. They can do that. What they really need is the government to get out of the way. They need the government to kick down the permits and say, you can do it here. And that's what President Trump is talking about. We're gonna get rid of as many of these permits as we possibly can to get your business into the United States of America as quickly as possible. You know what those government regulations really are when the, when the government gets in the way and says that they're gonna impose permits on you, that's a tariff on Americans. Those are monetary and non-monetary barriers in the, in the case of regulation, those are non-monetary barriers on Americans thriving.


Get rid of 'em. We don't need tariffs here. We need free trade right here in the United States of America. That's what we need. And we need an economic system that's built to help us. So President Trump chipping away at that. So some, some very good news there. Also, we do have, Kevin Hassett is one of the economic advisors to the White House, and he says there is a lot more of this coming and it's coming very, very quickly. More good news from Kevin Hassett. I saw a flow chart, Larry, that just astonished me about semiconductor onshoring, where basically Nvidia and Foxcon and about 50 partners that are, you know, that make the parts that go into the parts that go into the parts that are all thinking about how are they gonna get that stuff to happen here in the us.


And, and it's literally astonishing what people are doing with AI and everything else to design the onshoring. And I think it's gonna happen way faster than people expect. And it's something that you can see when you see huge announcements like we've seen. It's in the trillions and trillions of dollars of onshoring. That's going to happen really over the next year or two. Now think about what that means in terms of just GDP growth, all that capital spending that's happening because of the onshoring of these tariffs. And So I think President Trump is right that we can bring this stuff onshore. And he's even more right today than he was in 2017 because with computers and ai, it's so much easier to move stuff from place to place. And with 3D printing and robotics and so on, it's astonishing what's happening. Yeah, the only impediments are typically the government.


That's usually the barrier to entry the government gets in the way. So here we are to kick those doors open. So really good pieces of news here from Kevin Hassett as all these investments for the United States. They're well over $5 trillion just in the first few days, the first few months here of this Trump administration, president Trump indicating that he's looking at at least $7 trillion so far in incoming investment. And that is real money, that is real stimulation to the American economy. So some very positive signs here as the president tackles this agenda. I just, you know, I I do feel like one of the ingredients here to this show and and to our conversations is I'm not gonna be like the, the rest of the media here.


I'm gonna bring you very good news as we get it. That is very good news. That is not news that we should either dismiss or downplay. That's news that we should celebrate Nvidia bringing massive AI supercomputer pro development here to the United States. What did President Trump wrong on? What is that? The promises made, promises kept component of this. So really, really good news. How we feeling today, everybody? It's Tuesday in the chat going wild. A lot of people saying they love hvac, they love hvac, they love the trades, which I love kick kick little base two saying, VINCE is doing great, thank you for that. You're doing a great job, VINCE from Snoopy Trauma. Love that.


So we've got a, We got a lot of things and we need more power transmission lines says early power nut to bring the energy. That's right. So out of all the things the government could be doing, have you noticed that they haven't spent any time upkeeping our grid. Our grid is in shambles, it's in, it's a total mess. We don't have a grid that is supportive of all of our energy needs. They're projecting that all out of all of the energy growth that the United States is, is gonna have by 2030. You know that half of it is supposed to be dedicated, is gonna be consumed by these data centers, by artificial intelligence. Well, we need a grid that can support that.


This is why I was talking about the micro nukes. If you have micro, micro nuclear reactors built at these data centers in order to power them, well that's great news. They have their own power generation source. But look, you can only do that so much. We've gotta get to a point where we're both generating abundant energy and we have a grid that's that can support it. And anybody who doesn't think that that's a problem is either lying to you, to you, or really doesn't know the extent of the risk right now. So that, that is a massive, massive deal. Okay, so good news for the country there also coming up, I wanna get into some of the good news about all of these people were deporting these MS 13 goons were deporting, the media's still fighting yet one of them back.


Abrego Garcia, he's an innocent Maryland man, really? Because yesterday the president of the United States had President B in and they sat there and they talked together in the Oval Office and both of them agreed, yeah, there's no way we're letting this terrorist outta prison. And there's no way in the words of the, of the president from El Salvador bca, there's no way I'm smuggling him back into the United States. More on that coming up will untangle the many lies you're hearing about that story and so much more.


But first, another thank you to our great sponsors because really without them, we can't do this for free. You know, and, and, and just to remind you, and media really fundamentally comes down to this. There are media outlets and organizations who are trying to force everybody to pay for everything. That's really, there's like the subscription model and then there's the free model, which has worked for a very long time and will continue to work. But the reason it works is because of the sponsors who make this possible. These are sponsors who believe in the United States of America, believe in you and your liberty. And nowadays, I gotta be honest, I'm just, I, I think any company that steps forward and declares those values is deserving of our time and attention, at least to give 'em a look. And now this is why I wanna tell you about Patriot Mobile. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge to help restore our great nation and is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. They do that. It's also a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding, outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. Now, if you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and the Second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching, it's really easy. You can keep your number, you can keep your phone or you can even upgrade their 100% US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Yeah, Patriot Mobile Love Patriot Mobile. They're great.


Alright, look, we had a big Oval Office meeting yesterday. Boule stopped by the Oval Office and he's been really helpful, hasn't he? As he's like, you know, he's taking all of these violent prisoners for us. He already did it in his own country. You know what they did in El Salvador, right? And Buke is very proud of this. And he should be. He took, he made his country the most danger from the most dangerous country on earth to the safest country in the western hemisphere, the safest country in the Western Hemisphere. That's a massive change in a very short period of time. How did he do that? Well, he arrested all the criminals. He took 'em all off the streets. He put the gangsters in prison, and now the city streets are safe to walk again. The country streets are safe to walk in El Salvador.


He's very proud of that. So President Trump has been working with him on our crime problem here in the United States saying, what can we do? And bouquet said, well, why don't you send everybody to me? Why don't you send your illegal alien gangsters to my prison? I'll put 'em in there, I'll keep them for you. The United States pays a, pays a a fee for that. We, we are paying to imprison these guys there, but that's in the service of making America safe. And the President said, I like that deal. I think that's a good deal. And so he arranged it and they've been doing it. The media hate it. The media despise this mostly because they despise accountability. They don't like anybody in prison if you've committed a crime.


So what they want you out. If you're a grandma who lived an American flag inside the United States Capitol, that's a different story. You deserve to be locked up and have the, the key thrown away. But other than that, no criminals should be released. Trump doesn't think so. Trump thinks we need law and order. So he is working with McKayla to achieve that. And so in the midst of all of this, there was a, an Ms 13 guy from from El Salvador, that's where most of the 13 guys usually are from, who was living illegally in Maryland. His name's Abrego Garcia. And the Trump administration gets ahold of him and says, okay, you're out. And they kick him out. And since then the media have been going ballistic. They say, oh, he's a Maryland man. He's a Maryland father, bring him back.


We desperately want him back in the United States. Neither Trump nor que want him back. Que said, I got him. He's staying in prison. Take a look at what happened yesterday in the Oval Office. He's an illegal alien from El Salvador. So with respect to you, he's a citizen of El Salvador. So it's very arrogant, even for American media to suggest that we would even tell El Salvador how to handle their own citizens as a starting point. As two immigration courts found that he was a member of MS 13 when President Trump declared MS 13 to be a foreign terrorist organization. That meant that he was no longer eligible under federal law, which I'm sure you know, you're very familiar with the INA, that he was no longer eligible for any form of immigration relief in the United States.


So he had a deportation order that was valid, which meant that under our law, he's not even allowed to be present in the United States and had to be returned because of the foreign terrorist designation. Yeah, this issue was then by a district court judge completely inverted. And a district court judge tried to tell the administration that they had to kidnap a citizen of El Salvador and fly him back here. That issue was raised to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court said the District court order was unlawful. And its main components were verse nine zero unanimously stating clearly that neither Secretary of State nor the president could be compelled by anybody to forcibly retrieve a citizen of El Salvador from El Salvador, who again is a member of MS 13, which is, I'm sure you understand, rapes little girls murders, women murders children is engaged in the most barbaric activities in the world.


And I can promise you, if he was your neighbor, you would move right away. So let me, let me tell you something. If you heard what Steven Miller said, and boy, he said, boy, that sounds familiar. Yeah, that's because what, that's what I've been telling you. This is what I've been saying ever since this story emerged, this audience has been way ahead of this story, by the way, from the moment it began. This is a guy who's from El Salvador. We deported him to what country again? El Salvador. We deported him to El Salvador. And what did that federal judge in the Northern District of California demand, of the Trump administration that we go in and the words of Stephen Miller, and we kidnap this guy from El Salvador and we bring him home, we bring him to our home, to the United States of America.


That's insanity. So we're supposed to what? Send Seal Team six in, grab this guy, bring him back to the United States. I'm telling you So Stephen Miller, echoing the sentiment that you and I have been talking about since the moment this story emerged, just listen to the fact pattern here. How insane is what the left is presenting? How insane. He's from El Salvador. He's here illegally, get him out of the country. Where do we send him? We send him to his home country. He's their problem. He's in the custody of the president of El Salvador. He's inside of that prison. I can't imagine a, a, a more obvious arrangement than the one that we just put together.


And so a lot of what's happening right now is the media are telling lies about the Supreme Court decision, the Supreme Court this week nine to nothing said in the event that El Salvador Deports their own citizen to the United States of America, which is insane that they would even do that in the event that they would do that, that we would not, we would not be able to impede him and instead bring him back into the United States, process him and figure out where else we can deport him in the event that that occurred, we would have to facilitate it. That's what the court said. What the court did not say is that we have to make that happen. We don't have to, we don't have to make that the, the word, the, the wording that the court used was effectuate.


We don't have to do that. We have no obligation to do that. In fact, right now, it's just he's staying there. And, and, and President Bucha yesterday said, what am I gonna do? Smuggle this guy in the United States, that's not happening. Somebody asked him, well, are you gonna release him into your own country? He said, I've released a terrorist into my country. What have I been doing? I've been arresting the terrorists. I've been locking them up. So no, I'm not releasing him into my country. That's not happening either. He's in the country, he's just in a jail. I'm just not releasing him upon the rest of the public. So those are the updates there. And so great, great to see from, from all the guys over at the White House.


Stephen Miller's been something else, hasn't he? He really has be. Before I get, I wanna, I do wanna get back to some Stephen Miller stuff in a moment. But first I wanna tell you about a Democrat, Senator Chris Van Holland. Is this guy is, is Looney Tunes Van Holland today. He wants, he's saying that he's gonna go to El Salvador. Senator Gr Van Holland says he's gonna go to El Salvador in order to quote, retrieve his constituent constitu. This is hilarious. Take a look. Here's cut for Chris Van Holland saying I'm going in.


I do intend to go to El Salvador to discuss the release of this individual who is illegally detained. A Marilyn Mann, who's, who is the father of three in a notorious prison in El Salvador. And I believe the president of El Salvador will recognize why it's important to, to allow him to return to the United States of America because it is, it is absolutely unjust and illegal returned to have this Marylander detained uncut one more day in a notorious prison in El Salvador. Of course, president Trump could have just said, you know, bring him home.


Of course he could have done that. But this is an administration that has lied about Mr. Mr. Rego Garcia, right? The Vice President of the United States tweeted out that he had a criminal record that was a lie. They're just lying. This guy, they got caught lying illegally. They Don't wanna admit it A hundred percent and they Have an obligation to bring him home. But I will say the president of El Salvador should not now take it upon himself to say that he is detaining him for one more day because that is kidnapping. I understand that the, the Kidnapping Attorney General said that we would provide a plane to bring him home. So all the president of El Salvador has to do now is hand over and release an innocent man And let, yeah, that's not happening.


All right? Enough of that. So Chris, so here you have Chris Van Holland say, I gotta bring back my constituent. Have you ever seen Chris Van Holland fight for any of his actual constituents with fight with such fervency? Have you ever seen that Maryland senator actually fight for any of his constituents to that level where he goes in front of cameras? No, no. Instead, he's willing to mount that type of aggression on behalf of an illegal alien. Ms 13 member who was robbing his state's resources, who was here illegally, who was violating that state's sovereignty. He's willing to go to bat for him. That's what he's doing.


It's absurd. And it's even more absurd in a world where he has real constituents who are being killed by illegal aliens. That's real. That that really happened. And yesterday We got another awful reminder of what took place in that state. Forget Marilyn father, the illegal alien. How about Marilyn mother? How about Marilyn mother? Yesterday, an illegal alien was convicted in the rape mur and murder of Rachel Morin, a Marilyn mother of five. The jury deliberated for less than an hour.


Yesterday an illegal alien was found guilty of viciously raping and murdering the Marilyn mother of five Rachel Morin and the jury deliberated for less than an hour. Monday afternoon, according to reports, there's, there's Rachel Morin and there's her attacker. His name is Victor Antonio Martinez Hernandez. He is from El Salvador. The Washington Times reports that he is believed to be linked to MS 13. Victor Martinez Hernandez is 24 years old and was convicted of first degree murder, first degree rape, first degree sexual offense, and kidnapping after Rachel Morin, 37 years old, was killed along a trail about 30 miles northeast of Baltimore in August of 2023.


Now, just a little under two years ago, the guilty verdicts coming less than an hour after of, of just deliberations, meaning the jury saw this, it was open and shot. Martinez Herman Hernandez could spend the rest of his life in prison according to the station. So here you have an American woman, an American mother of five who was attacked, raped, murdered, and now her assal has fought, finally been brought to some kind of justice. Marilyn does not have the death penalty. Marilyn does not have the death penalty. So life in prison is the sentence that that animal can expect.


But was Chris Van Holland all over that issue? Did he, did he stage a press conference on that? Was he getting outraged about what was happening to the people in his state like Rachel Morin? No, no, nothing like that. Now, instead he's gonna fly El Salvador for publicity, stunt to advance a lie. That's what he's gonna do as a programming note for you on this issue of, of Rachel Morin and the conviction of her killer. Patty Morin is Rachel's mother, and she will be joining me on the National Radio Show coming up this week on Thursday. You'll be able to hear from her. I, I broadcast that show each day. 12 to three Eastern Time radio stations all across the country.


If you can't find it on a local radio station, you can find at Rumble dot com slash VINCE. We, we simulcast the entire radio program live right here on Rumble. You can check that out. We're going to be having her mother, Patty Morin will be joining me on Thursday. I just talked to her this morning and she's gonna be joining me. Then we're gonna have a conversation about all of this, what this means to her, what she thinks of, of all of this. That, of, of Chris Van Holland and his decision to lionize an MS 13 guy go to El Salvador to try and turn him into a publicity stunt. And meanwhile, how often Chris Van Holland reach out to the Morin family? How often did he express his concern for them in the midst of, of the murder of, of, in Patty's case, her child.


So we have a lot of questions for her, which I will ask again on the radio show coming up on Thursday of this week. Alright, more in just a moment. I've, I've got quite a bit to get to with a lot more from kind of, you know, there was a moment yesterday where the president of the United States said that he thinks that CNN hates America. And then CNN instantly got all defensive about that. I'll, I'll share that with you, including some of what CNN has said in the not too distant past as well as a, a closer look at the, the women who, in the words of my good friend Julie Gunlock, just went up in a, a rocket and had a 10 minute pillow fight in space, and now they want you to treat them like they're the Wright brothers or something.


It's all ahead on. VINCE can't wait to get there with you.


Hey. Oh my goodness, it's April 15th. Can you believe it? It's tax day. Tax day. Boy, I hate doing my taxes. If I, if there's one thing I hate doing, it's my taxes. But you gotta knock 'em out. You gotta do 'em every year. The April 15th tax deadline is here. Do you have unfiled tax returns by any chance? Can't pay the IRS. Well, the IRS is more aggressive than ever. And the longer you wait, the worse it gets. Wage garnishments, bank levies, even property seizures are all on the table. You need to get ahead of this. But going up against the IRS alone, that's a mistake. Take my advice. Call the experts at Tax Network USA. They know the system. They've got an edge, they've got a preferred direct line to the IRS. They know which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, their genius strategies are designed to quickly settle your tax problems in your favor. Tax network USA's attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over $1 billion in tax debt Tax Network USA can help you too, but you need to move fast. Talk with one of their strategists today with no obligation. Stop looking over your shoulder and put it all behind you. Call Tax Network USA at one eight hundred nine five eight 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit t a.com/ VINCE.


And have you had your cup of coffee yet this morning? I have. Look at me, I've got mine right now. This is my blackout coffee. So good. Hey, you know I love Blackout Coffee and I'm so proud that they're a sponsor of this show. John is the owner of Blackout Coffee and he's the real deal. He is, he built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. It's America First Coffee. It really is. And it's really in my cup this morning. It's roasted fresh right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee for everybody here at Silver Lock. So, you know, this is a brand that stands for the right values. In fact, in the down, in the very fancy coffee machine they have in the Florida studio at Silver Lock, they have the the blackout coffee beans, blackout espresso beans. Fellas. That is good. Justin, get on the mic. How good is that coffee? You there? Let's see if Justin can do it. I'd like to hear from him today. I broke it. Hold on. He broke. You broke the mic. Come on man. This is your big moment. I need an endorsement. Justin tried to get it's, it's the best. Show me the studio. Would you, can you guys show me? Let me, lemme take a look at you guys in the studio. I know I can, I know we can do it. There they are. There's Justin, there's, Gee, look at those fellas. They drank their blackout coffee this morning. They're all fired up. Thank you fellas. Yeah, blackout Coffee is, is is really, really great. You should do it too. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order. Whether you'll like whole Bean ground or even instant Coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE for 20% off your first order.


And then lemme say, I got the dog. The dog has arrived. Major is in the house. Let me, let me get you a camera here. Major, come here. Okay. All right. But anyway, there's, there's major, major loves hanging out on the show, and thank you for all of the major emojis. The major emoji was a cool, cool ad to the Rumble chat. Justin messaged me, he said, Hey, can you send me a picture of Major? We gotta get him in there as an emoji. So there he is. There's, there's my boy. All right, major. Good job. Good job, buddy. You did a good job today. Major likes to hang out on the show Major's. A major's a good shadow for me. Yeah. Oh my gosh. The major emojis are going absolutely crazy.


Thanks everybody. Isn't he good? He's a good dog. He's a very good dog. I didn't know that when we, it was like one of those, it's kind of hit or miss. You know, you gotta rescue you, you wonder how's the dog gonna turn out? And I started training him. I made it my mission. I gotta train this dog and I don know you. Any dog owners out there. You kind of, you, you take a dog in and you mold it. You, you train it and then eventually it's, it's exactly what you wanted. In fact, it's, he's far beyond what I wanted. It is. It's just been so good. And you feel a sense, an immense sense of pride about the work that you put in. And then you get a dog like major. So it's, it is really nice. How does he stay quiet? You know what's funny? He's just really non vocal. He's very non vocal.


He, he's never really been a big talker. The only thing that he barks at foxes, if we get a fox somewhere around the property, he goes crazy. And he start, he's got these incredible bark. He's got a deep masculine bark. This dog's got a real bark. I love his bark. But you almost never hear it. You only hear it if a fox shows up. I don't know what that is. Every other animal, he doesn't do it for it. Fox's, he shows him who boss Kind of wild. Anyway, good dog and grateful that he can hang out in the studio with us today. Hey, let's, let's get to what's going on with CNN. This is funny. So CNN President Trump called out CNN yesterday in the Oval Office meeting.


And he said, you know something about CNNI, I think they hate our country. He said, and immediately when, when the Oval Office event was over, the cameras cut back to CNN studios and Dana Bash, should her name be Dana Bash. How many Dana's are there? Pretty sure it's Dana. Dana Bash is instantly very super serious about this. She has a, she has an important message for the audience. Take a look as President Trump says they hate our country. And then Dana Bash says, no, we don't take a look. You know, Like cnn, CNN over here doesn't want to put 'em out because they don't like, they don't like putting out good numbers. They don't really like putting out, 'cause I think they hate our country.


Actually, Before I get to you, I just wanna say for the record, since we heard President Trump say in the Oval Office that CNN hates our country, CNN does not hate our country. That should go without saying. I've been here for 32 years and I see a rhetorical device in him trying to, to say such a thing. Oh, oh, oh, I have a very important special report. I just wanna tell you that we don't hate the country. I know he said that, but we don't hate the country. Really? Do you even like it? So if so, if you don't hate us, do you even like us? A little bit? We know you don't love it.


You know, you love it, but do you like it? Right? Think about CNN's presentation. Who is responsible for first advancing the Trump Russia collusion garbage from the steel dossier? What network did that? What network was that? Hmm, let's see. Hmm. That was CNN. CNN was the very first network to begin running with the Trump Russia collusion, garbage and the steel dossier. The very first, the very first. How often did they report on Joe Biden's? Immense limitations mentally. Oh no, they didn't do that. In fact, they told you that he was fit as a fiddle. They'd have guests after guests Come on the network to say, oh, he's in great shape.


He runs circles around everybody. The guy's super bright. He's the smartest man to ever be in the Oval Office. That was CNN's presentation of that. They were unserious about it. What did they tell you about our border? Yeah, the borders. You know, it's a crisis. Actually. Remember the early days, the Biden administration, when people would say, what are you doing about the border crisis? And, and Jen Sackey, the circle back, lady Circle Backy, Jen Sackey. She would come out and she'd say, oh, it's, it's not a crisis. It's a challenge. It's just a challenge. And then everybody, all the me all their loyal little media bittles would all, you know, they would repeat it. It it's a challenge. It's a real challenge. Yeah, it's impossible. We can't really solve it. It's, there's migration crises everywhere they would say, and it's being caused by climate change.


Obviously it's impossible to get ahold of. And eventually they would tell us that, well, actually the only way to get ahold of it is we gotta pass legislation. We've got this bipartisan legislation we've gotta pass and we can get control of the border. You know, and they got James Langford who got in there, very dopey of him to get involved in this. He comes in and he goes, oh yeah, I'll sign on to this. This legislation will fix our border. We'll be able to fix it. It wasn't a border fix, it was an amnesty bill. It was designed to create broad new categories to import foreign nationals into the United States and keep them here. It's insanity. It wasn't a border security bill, but the media would dutifully repeat the White House talking points. And that included CNN saying that, oh, Trump got in the way of this.


Trump blocked this important piece of legislation that would've secured our border. And so the borders totally opened because of Donald Trump, who is not president of the United States and is currently locking horns with every court the left can throw at him right now to try and stop his, his return to the White House. They said it was Trump's fault and we just need this legislation. And Trump stopped it. And of course that was a lie. What did the president say during the joint address of Congress? He said, it turns out we didn't need a new law. We just needed a new president. We needed somebody who was gonna enforce the laws on the books. So Trump is doing that. And the, the borders locked up tight. In fact, that was the basis of the claims that the president was making just before he said that CNN hates America. He said, yeah, we've, we've brought down border crossings by nearly 99%, a massive improvement.


How many new immigration laws have we passed? One, the Lake and Riley Act, we passed the Lake and Riley Act. That's the only one. And it has no bearing fundamentally on locking down the border. That particular law. It's about taking illegals for in our country into custody. That's what that's about. And so Trump, Trump is locking down the border and CNN lied about it the entire time. So tell me again how you love our country. Be, be very specific. Ge show me some evidence that you're on our side at all. So when Trump says you hate our country, it definitely looks like there's a meaningful stack of information to support the argument that he's making. In fact, that information includes this clip.


Take a look at what News Busters put together. Here's cut seven news busters. Should put the, a quick clip together of recent moments on CNN. Like these, Here's, here's a breaking, here's the news. We live in a racist, sexist, homophobic, Islamophobic, antisemitic country. Everything They're doing runs against making America great. Well, it was never great. So I'm not gonna say the again part, but making America great. Kicking Off the Independence Day weekend, president Trump will be at Mount Rushmore where he'll be standing in front of a monument of two slave owners and on land wrestled away from Native Americans, told that be focusing on the effort to Quote hate country, Tear down our country's histories.


They strongly believe these human smugglers, that this is their chance to enter the United States. This is their chance at the American dream. That's why they risk everything, only to find out that it's all a lie. And when We got our freedom, our quote unquote freedom, we were never restored whole, which is why you hear about reparations. So until the United States atones for that and makes good on that, we're still living in a racist country. We're living in a racist country. This country is contemptible. It doesn't deserve our respect or our patriotism or our happiness about being here. Are those the words of a network that loves this country? No. No, not at all. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if, if Caroline Levitt plays that video at the White House Press briefing today.


And now for a little bit of further information about what the president meant yesterday, this video from News Busters. We'll see what happens. The, the president, they do have a White House press briefing today that's coming up. By the way, quick question for the chat. Do you want me to go to the White House press briefing? Would you like me to go? They have a new media seat there, which is, in other words, I would get to lead off the briefing. I would be the very, very first question of the briefing. The question for the Rumble Chat is, should I go to the briefing? Oh, I think we're getting some yeses in the chat. Would you like, okay. Alright. We'll see if we can't make that happen.


The cool thing about being in the NewMedia is like you get there and then Caroline Levitt gives you the big introduction. She's like, and now joining us from VINCE is, and then, you know, I'll let her handle the, the wording on that. Okay. All right. We'll see, we'll see if we can't get that set up, that'll be fun. Go to the briefing and ask some big questions on behalf of the American people. That'd be really, really nice to do. I have, I do have a White House correspondent at the Daily Car. Her name's Reagan Reese. And we talk all the time about the questions for the White House. So I, in, in a sense, I am getting a lot of questions into the White House just in terms of what we come up with and that she asks. But I, I'll at some point here, hopefully in the near term, I'll go directly, I'll do that. So, okay, good. I've got it guys. I'll do it.


I'll do it. We'll, we'll get that set up. All right. How, how happy are you with Steven Miller? By the way, how happy are you with Steven Miller at the White House? Did you see just the, the absolute masterclass he put on this week where he's just taking all comers, he's beating everybody back. You saw a moment ago, I showed some Steven Miller in the Oval Office, but did you see him outside the White House where he just invited all of the reporters to come and try and get a piece of him yesterday? Here he is outside of the White House, just beating up on the entire Press Corps all at once about illegal immigrants who we have deported, including to El Salvador and who the media apparently desperately want back in the United States.


Take a look at Stephen. And I just wish we lived in a country where the media gave to one 10th a damn as much about Americans who were murdered and brutalized and savagely killed, beaten to death as they did about whether illegal aliens that we all agree, our illegal aliens should get a million days in court and a million trials and a million this and a million that. There's 15 million illegal aliens that violent the of the country. If every one of them got the trial that you're asking for, it would take us centuries to remove them. Centuries. We've been talking about this in three, 400 years. Your great-great-great grandchildren will be the ones representing them in court. That's how long it would take. Illegal aliens who come to our country have to be removed and they have to remove quickly.


That is an essential component of having something that we like to call a country. Yeah. What we like to call a country, just back to basics, you know, having a country requires taking care of its citizens. You know what citizens are, right? I love that Slow walk the media through the basics here. Would you Steve Miller doing that yesterday? I like when he quizzes the press too. He's like, do you know what a deportation order is? Anybody here, anybody specifically familiar with that? And they all stand, they all stare at him. Slack jaw. I don't know. I don know Steven Miller. Good at the job. Very, very good at the job. Before we go, I gotta, I gotta talk about the ridiculousness yesterday of a massive publicity stunt on behalf of one of the left's favorite billionaires.


Jeff Bezos. He's got these, he's got these rocket ships that he is putting up in the air, obviously, you know, We got different billionaires with rocket ships. You've got Elon Musk and his rocket ships. The left hates his rocket ships. The left despises Elon Musk's space program. They don't like SpaceX, they don't like anything about it because Elon Musk is on Trump's side and he is on your side. So therefore he's deserving of hate. Now those, that's the way they scored this. Here's Jeff Bezos's operation yesterday. They put a bunch of random famous women up into space and this was being treated like, it was like an amazing discovery that, like fire itself was just discovered.


The wheel was just invented. Here they're, look at Gail King. She looks terrified. Look at her. Everyone else is enthusiastically ringing that bell. Gail King looks scared to death as she goes up in this thing. Oh, Katy Perry, famous astronaut going up obviously because she's a scientist and a, and an adventurer. There's Lauren Sanchez. Jeff Bezos, his girlfriend. There's Bezos himself giving it the old college try on the bell. So all these guys, they get into this, this spaceship, And it is a spaceship. They go up and they, they just, they just kiss the beginning of space, the way that people contemplate space where space is.


And they're, they're in there and they go up for, I think it was an 11 minute journey and that was the whole thing. And here they are launching on Jeff Bezos's phallic Rocket. Look at this thing. Yes. And, and I just love how they're emphasizing. These are all women. The left has rediscovered women just for this unique moment in time. Women now exist once again, only for this moment. Only when you need to use them for a publicity stunt for one of the left billionaires. They put them in a fallous, a rocket, and they blast them off into space. There they go.


There they go. And they're off. That was the the big rocket launch yesterday. Rocket launches are always impressive to see, but they were off into space when they got up there. They were bouncing around inside of the capsule, going from window to window to look at the moon. They had a few minutes of weightlessness and they were very excited about that. And here's some of the footage of the ladies. 1, 2, 3. Terrified. It's okay. Flynn up there. Flynn. You Flynn.


Flynn. I got, I got you. Flynn. Gotcha. Proud of you. Flynn Playing with Oh the moon. You guys, I will have to tell you. Look at the moon. They discovered the moon. That's amazing. Wow. Look at the blue line. Oh my gosh. Oh my God. Wow. Oh my. That's our pink moon. That's enough. That's enough. Good question. Here I got ask for the women. Are you pleased? How does this reflect on you? Fellas? I'm hearing reflect back on some reason. Would you make that stop.


Thank you. For the women in the audience. Does this reflect well on women all over the place? I'm getting a couple of no's, no thrill here. The, the women not loving this. Somebody says vacuous women in a vacuum. Hilarious. So the, so the girl, we send the girls up and they're going crazy up there. Katie Perry apparently was singing on at some portion of this, you may not have heard it at one point in the video I just played for you. Katy Perry says, oh, my goddess.


She says, as she glances upon space, oh, my goddess, she says, which is totally insane. It's, it's totally insane. So that's what they were up to. Really, really advancing the, the wellbeing of our country. Putting, throwing a bunch of, of, of ladies up in the space. Let's see. And then when they landed, as you might imagine, as they made contact with the ground, they began screaming like middle school girls, take a listen And you will see a puff of smoke when it touches down a puff of dust. Yes, that's normal. A puff of dust last milliseconds.


Air, air that will kick up the dust. It's a very soft, soft landing despite the sporty perception there. It's Down. Congratulations and welcome back to Earth. Do status check. Anybody in your life lives that anybody who, who will, their reaction always sounds like the worst possible thing is happening. You know, they're, they're screaming. They're screaming. It sounds like they're dying.


It sounds like they're screaming. They just landed back on earth after their 10 minute journey. They're heroes, really. It's gonna take months to reacclimate. They gotta do all sorts of exercises to be able to walk again. It's, it's really amazing. Their diet has to, has to come back. I gotta get one of these women on. What was it like? How did you use the bathroom in space? How did you handle the void of space itself? Did it have psychological impacts on you all 11 minutes? They were up there for 11 minutes. Yeah, 11, 11 entire minutes in space. And we were treated to that. Here is Katie Perry speaking to one of the Jeff Bezos reporters after getting out of the capsule about how this journey put her in touch with what she calls the divine feminine.


Take a look. It's the highest high. And it is surrender to the unknown trust. And this whole journey is not just about going to space. It's the training. It's the training the team, it's the whole thing. I couldn't recommend this experience more. This is like up there with all the, you know, different tools that I've learned in my life from meditation to the Hoffman process. This is up there. Because what you're doing is you're find, you're like really finding the love for yourself because you gotta trust in yourself on this journey. And then you're feeling the love when you come down for sure.


And you're feeling that strength. So I feel really connected to that strong divine feminine right now. By The way, you're such a badass. I love that. The month of April, you're like, I'm going to space and I'm launching my tour. Do you hear to say is is about the training, the training was really important for this. What kind of training did they go through? I want to, so to stay in your seat until the appropriate time where then you can bounce around from window to window where you can shriek like a little girl pass toys around. What was the training that was involved, if any component of that had malfunctioned, would Katie Perry have been able to rescue the mission? I don't, I don't think so. Pretty, pretty.


Maybe I could be wrong. Maybe they, maybe they went through really important intense training. What training is, is she possibly talking about? So there you go. Really, really, really funny. Earlier in the day, ahead of the launch, they brought a female astronaut onto one of the networks to talk to her about how important is this? What, what kind of advancement will this lead to for mankind? Listen to her patronizing, excuse me, patronizing response to the question. Explain to our audience why even a trip like this one, all the trips that we take in this space Yeah, benefit mankind. So it benefits humankind. And I'm gonna keep correcting human kind.


I'm sorry, I man, I'm sorry. And the manmade and the man missions, because this is exactly what this mission is about, is expanding the perspective of who does space. Oh yes, that's right. One small step for humans, one giant leap for humankind, I believe is the famous quote. That's absurd. That's totally absurd. And once again, just to to remind you, the left had dispensed with women up until yesterday. Women as of yesterday, were a completely fake category. You know, notice that you didn't see Kaitlyn Jenner on that trip. They didn't, they didn't send him up. They didn't send, you know, any of these guys who have been pretending to be women, none of em, none of'em.


They didn't get into the ship. How did that, why did that not happen? Instead, they, they sent a bunch of, yes, in some cases cosmetically altered, but still original women up into space yesterday. And for a brief fleeting moment of time, in fact, I think about 11 minutes the left was once again acknowledging that women are a real category. Thanks. We're watching this today on VINCE. I'll be live on the VINCE show, nationwide radios everywhere. And on Rumble dot com slash VINCE from 12 to three today. Great to have you with us as always the greatest audience in all of media. I'll be back with you tomorrow. Thanks Crowder. Next.