
Welcome to VINCE. It's great to have you with us today. We've got a big exclusive interview coming up in mere moments with the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. We get his reaction to everything going on in the first 65 days of his administration, including the state of the economy, the state of foreign, the state of foreign policy, and also his reaction to the breaking news. Just this morning, the Atlantic, sharing new messages from that signal chain that's given, getting all of the left attention right now, the President reacting to that again, just mere moments from now.


But first, unfortunately, in this country, privacy is a luxury. And without privacy, there's no freedom. But who has the luxury of privacy? Privacy is given to the government, tucked into millions of classified documents. It's no secret that the NSA is surveilling us. They're buying your information from data brokers, surveilling every move you make online. But what if I told you there is a way to stop that transaction and get your privacy and your freedom back? It's with a product called Express. VPN Express. VPN is an app that sends a hundred percent of my online activity through secure encrypted servers. And that means that no data broker, government agency, or big tech company can track your online activity. Just within the last 12 months, express PN received over 400,000 data requests from tech companies and government agencies. And within the last year, do you know how many of their customer's information was shared? Zero Express. VPN. Very easy to use. It takes one click And it works on all of your devices. Right now, you can get an extra four months for free when you use my special link. So just go to express vpn.com/ VINCE and get four extra months of express vpn. That's ex P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ VINCE


Very honored today to have joining us on this program, the President of the United States. Here's, here's how this is working. As I'm looking at the, the Rumble Chat right now, over 30,000 people already piling in the numbers. Sure. To grow in a big way as we have this conversation with the president. I just spoke to him just a few minutes ago. The president's schedule, as you know, always a very tight one. We just captured that and I wanna share with you now exclusively the conversation that we just had. And on the other side, I wanna get your reaction to everything that we discussed. So send those messages because we're gonna talk about them in just a couple of minutes. But first, here's the interview with the president.


It's now my honor to welcome to the program the 47th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, president Trump. Great to have you with us, sir. Thank you very much, VINCE. It's, it's an honor. It's an honor as always to speak with you. And now on the platforms that Rush Limbaugh and Dan Bonino built, if you can believe it. Wow. We're nationwide here. And I've been Watching, I've been watching your rise. I'm not surprised at all. Thank you for that. And it Very good. Let, let me ask you about Dan, while, while I'm on the subject. Dan is now working for you as the deputy director of the FBI. What was that conversation like when you asked Dan to come work at the FBI with you? Well, we wanted him and we thought he might do it, but he had to get somebody very, very good to take his place.


That's very hard that I heard. It was you And I said, I think we're getting damned. You know, that would be great. So We got two for one, because you're doing great. Thank you very much. Let, let's talk about your presidency, how things are going with you. We're now 65 days in, if you can believe it. And although it doesn't receive a lot of coverage, we've had a lot of positive news. Violent illegals are being rounded up and deported by the thousands border crossings down by 96%. Manufacturing jobs up inflation is going down, gas prices are way down, egg prices are down. Orange juice prices are down. Is this, in your view, going better than your first term? It is. It really is. I mean, it's been very smooth. I would say probably as smooth as we've seen.


They have polls at rate. They, they rated me the best first and second month in the history of the presidency. George, George Washington was second. So you'd say that's pretty good. I would say, yeah. I mean, I think it's, it's very different. It's, it seems to be more solid. First term. I was fighting everybody, VINCE, everybody, you know that. And I was fighting when I was fighting them. Good. But it was very unnecessary. They were doing the Russia hoax, they were doing a lot of things. They were very bad. And this time they're with me. People are with me at a level like I think you have never seen nobody seen it. It's been very good, actually. It's amazing.


Very, very Good. Last week I had Vice President Vance on the show, and he was a total star. He was great in that conversation. And I've noticed that the two of you seem to be working very well together as a team. Yeah. What is, how is he different than Vice President Pence? What's it like working with now JD Vance? Well, there are very different personalities. JD is more outward going. That's not to knock the other, but he's certainly more outward going. He's a younger guy. He is, got a lot of oomph and he's doing a great job. I was, I was very happy with Mike, different type of person, but I was very happy with Mike Pat. So Yeah, he just, vice President Vance I saw announced yesterday that he's joining that delegation to Greenland this week.


That was originally, it was gonna be his wife, Usha Vance, who was going, she was kind of the, the top line visitor to Greenland. And now the vice president himself is going, what's the mission there? What is, what are they up to that delegation? Well, to let them know that we need Greenland for international safety and security. We need it. We have to have it. And it's a island that, from a defensive posture and even offensive posture is something we need, especially with the world the way it is. And we're gonna have to have it. And So, I hate to put it that way, but we're gonna have to have it. Modern day weapons, when you look at ships going up their shore by the, you know, by the hundreds, it's a busy, it's a busy, it's a busy place.


And it's really something we have to have. Do you think the people of Greenland are eager to become American citizens? I don't know. I don't think they're uneager eager, but I think that we have to do it and we have to convince them. Yeah. And we have to have that land because it's not possible to properly defend a large section of this earth. Not the, not just the United States without it. So we have to have it, and I think we will have it. You know, yesterday, Mr. President, you announced a another round of executive orders that in included requiring states to secure their elections or they lose federal funding.


That seems like a really big deal. Do you think places like California where they've got legalized ballot harvesting will actually comply here? Well, I think they have to, otherwise we'll hold back funds. And we did a lot of things yesterday having to do with elections. And that's a long overdue. Yeah. And elections have been rigged at a level like you've never seen before. You know, that you, I think you're a believer in that, but anybody smart is a believer in that. But they've been rigged at levels that nobody has ever seen before. And it's time to UNR them. You can't have that and you certainly can't have it in this country. Yeah. One of the, one of the ways that, that the elections have been rigged is clearly by the dishonest media and the big, big tech companies preventing voters from even having knowledge of what's going on in their lives.


And, and we're looking at, I want absolutely. I I wanna ask So many different ways. Yeah. They, they don't do as per the legislature there, but they were, they're also just ballot drops. Okay. You know, we get into lots of ways, but they ballot drop, they cheat like hell, the Democrats cheat. Republicans don't cheat. Sort of a very easy thing to say. And they can't defend themselves. And we're having a lot of it when we go after law firms. Right. The law firms are being gone after very much and they, they virtually admit they cheated. You know, we have them in a very strong position. But it's, it's, there's been a lot of cheating going on.


One of the law firms Have never, people have never seen anything like it. And we have to stop it. One of the law firms that you've been going after, Perkins Kuey, which was responsible for contracting a guy called Christopher Steele to drop a huge document of lies about you that led to all sorts of Trump Russia collusion allegations for years. You announced yesterday that you also are declassifying all of the documents from the Trump Russia collusion hoax from what they call Crossfire hurricane in the F fbi. I, what do you think people are gonna learn from those documents? I think they're gonna learn how corrupt the election was. It was a very corrupt election. That was, you're talking about the second election, I assume That was an election that I won.


I won by a lot. And you're gonna find that out. The documents are there, the numbers are there. We won that by a lot. We won three elections and we did very well on the second one. Now the third one, we blew it away. The third one we said too big to rig. And it was too big to rig. But that second election, you know, it was the Covid nightmare and a lot of that had to play. But that was a rigged election. Totally rigged. It's wild. I, are you concerned about all these terrorist attacks that the left is employing against Tesla and against conservative commentators? We've seen these swatting incidents and who do you think is behind all of this?


Well, I think it's a shame. The, the ones on Elon Elon's done a fantastic job here. And I think it's a shame and yeah, I'm concerned about it, but I'm, we're doing a lot about it. We have, we have law enforcement looking at levels like you wouldn't believe. We're finding people, and if people are involved, they're gonna go to jail for potentially 20 years. Everybody get they ready, get smart, they're not gonna be happy. Yes. These are dumb people, by the way, who are attacking these cars. Those cars are surrounded by security cameras. Right. And you have people, you've their, their faces are completely out, Mr. President Yeah. Their, their license plate numbers as they pull away after the attack, fully visible. Not a smart crew that's attacking these cars.


Right. It's not smart. And even smart people get caught. 'cause you probably have some, you probably have some smart ones too. Yes. But it is not a smart crew. I would agree. Yeah. Elon Musk had said on, on X that he believes that Act Blue and George Soros and Reed Hoffman are all the source of a lot of this going after Tesla. Do you think he's right? I think it's right. I've heard that. I don't know for a fact, but they sound like typical, typical guys that do it. They're bad people. And I would say, yeah, they're right. I would say, if Elon says it, I would go along with it.


Yeah. I was talking about all the positive news for your administration and Democrats are very desperate to, to kick up some negative news against you right now. And one big item that we've seen in the last 24 hours is this piece out of Jeffrey Goldberg at The Atlantic, where he, he claims that he was added to a signal chat between a bunch of your top officials. That's something that the White House has confirmed that somehow he ended up in there. There's an investigation going on as to how that occurred. But lemme just start with that piece of it. Out of a country of over 300 million people, how is it that Jeffrey Goldberg who hates you, ends up on this signal chat? Isn't that bizarre? It is bizarre.


And he is a, you know, sleaze bag, but at the highest level. Yeah. His magazine has failing. It's gonna be outta business soon, in my opinion. It's bad. It's really, it's too bad. We give it a little boost like this, but somebody in my group either screwed up or it's a bad signal. You know, it's a bad signal. Happens to, but it seems to be maybe came in with a staffer And it was by accident. From what we can tell, well know pretty much today, I think. But we have some pretty good guys checking out the phones. But it's something that is not a big deal other than you want to find out who did it and how they did it, because you don't, don't want to happen, you know, in the future you can't have that happen.


But I, I've known him for a long time and they, he is truly a, he is truly a sleazeball. There's no question about it. The, the update We got this morning, the breaking news update this morning, is yesterday. Jeffrey Goldberg was insisting that there were Secret War plans that were discussed. There were plans. He insisted. And then just a, a short while ago this morning, the Atlantic published some of these, these texts that they claim were war plans. And I, and I noticed that in them, they, they refer to it, secretary of Defense, hegseth is re referring to known targets, but he doesn't say what the targets are. He just generically refers to them that those don't sound like detailed war plans. No.


And they weren't details. And there was nothing in there that compromised. And it had no impact on the attack, which was very successful. It was a very, very successful attack then. It's an attack that Biden should have done three years ago, but he didn't do it. 'cause it would've been a lot easier three years ago. But we're having very good luck on the attack. It's a attack. It's in fact his continued. Yeah. But just thing like that, maybe Goldberg found a way, maybe there's a staffer, maybe there's a very innocent staffer. But we'll get, I think we'll get to the bottom of it very quickly. And it's, it's really not a big deal. Yeah. On, on the foreign policy front, you mentioned all these strikes on the Houthis.


I know when you were elected, one of the key reasons is that you would bring about a piece in all of these big conflicts, in particular in the Middle East and in Ukraine. Where are you most hopeful right now? Do you, do you, do you have, do you sense that one of these conflicts is more likely to end sooner than later? I think I'm hopeful everywhere. Everywhere we're working, we're making tremendous progress in the Middle East. October 7th was a bad day to put it mildly. And a lot of people were killed. Yeah. And they shouldn't have been killed. But we're making great strides in the Middle East and we're making great strides with Russia, Ukraine. Yeah. It sure seems like it. This you, you're working with Democrats to some extent, although you don't need to at the moment.


You've got the House and the Senate. But if, one of the things I've noticed about these Democrats is that they don't have a leader. It's not clear who's even leading their party. So if you, Mr. President, were to try and negotiate with the Democrats today, who are you calling? Who would you even call to negotiate with that party right now? Well, nobody knows. You know, they don't have a leader. They have a girl named Crockett who is something wrong with her. She can't speak. No, she can't speak, she can't get the words out of her mouth. She is, I, I can't see her going very far in politics. That would be a shocker. That would be a, that would be a shock to the system.


You have some young ones. You have a OC plus three, I guess they're hanging around and, you know, people are waiting to make their moves, I would imagine, like in the Democrat party. But we have a party where we do have a leader. So, strong leader. Very strong. That's right. And, and Jasmine Crockett, you just referenced yesterday video going around of her calling governor Greg Abbott, who's in a wheelchair, governor Hot Wheels. She's been called out for that. She later came out on Twitter on Acts, and she claimed that she was actually just talking about when he was busting illegals around the country, which seems to me like a pretty brazen lie on, on the congresswoman's work.


Yeah. Well, it's a lie. And she, she lies, but she's a low life and she's a very low IQ person and a low life. And I don't imagine the Democrats are gonna have a, a person like that running their party if they do, and they'll never win an election again. Two would be free, could be very hard. But I can't imagine she's gonna last long. And what do you think of Governor Gavin Newsom's? You know, sorry, You know, to be smart, you do need a brain. You know, you can't get around with little quips. And she is, I, I've watched her, I've only, I've only heard her for the last couple of days and I watched her make a speech and she can't speak.


And she's a, she truly is a low level person on the very important chart of intelligence. Yeah. And really, it's nice to have intelligent people running your operation. Yeah. So somebody, somebody you can talk to who, who you could have a good conversation with. I Thought she was a comedian. I couldn't believe she was a congressman or whatever she is. And, and I thought she was a comedian. That's Unbelievable. And she was sort of a little bit, a little bit funny, but crude. And now I find out she's actually a politician, which the Democrats are gonna suffer with this one. Yeah. In some ways. Finally, I kind of think that she's helping you in a way, because Democrats are just all cartoon characters right now.


And people are looking at you. She's very, Yeah. She's a dream. Yeah. She really is the president of the United States. Donald Trump. Sir, it is such an honor to talk to you again. Can't wait to do it again sometime. Well good. We're gonna do it. And good luck. And you're replacing a man. Maybe he'll be back there someday. But when I heard you got the job, I said they cannot have done better. 'cause you are terrific and you're gonna have a great career anyway. So whether you'll be there or someplace else, VINCE, you can have a great career President Donald Trump, the absolute best. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Thanks. There he is. What an honor, what a complete honor to talk to the president of the United States great conversation today.


Boy, I, I think he made a lot of news. Don't you think? Give us your reaction here from this interview with the president of the United States getting your reaction on the chat on Rumble right now. So many things coming in and I'll just address right away. Everyone wants to know. Yes, of course. I wore a suit today for the President of the United States. I think I can tie now though, now that it's over, we don't need to do this anymore. Get rid of that and move on to this word from our sponsors. And of course, your reaction in just a moment.


Are you a yo-yo dieter? That's the question. You diet, you lose weight, but then you gain it all back plus a few extra pounds. It's dangerous. Studies show that can actually increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and other health problems. Breaking free of your yo-yo diet is a main reason the doctors created Lean Lean's a supplement. It's not an injection. You don't need a prescription. The science behind lean is very impressive. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar. It helps control appetite and cravings. And it helps burn fat by converting fat into energy. Listen, if you're tired of losing weight and then gaining it back, lean was created for you. Lemme get you started. 20% off. Enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and is not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Also, you know that April 15th tax deadline is barreling towards us. It's coming very fast. Do you have unfiled tax returns? Can't pay the IRS. The IRS is more aggressive than ever. And the longer you wait, well the worse it gets. Wage garnishments, bank levies, even property seizures are all on the table. You should get ahead of this. But going up against the IRS alone, that's a mistake. Take my advice. Call the experts that tax network, USA, they know the system. They've got an edge, a preferred direct line to the IRS. They know which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Whether you owe $10,000 or 10 million, their genius strategies are designed to quickly settle your tax problems in your favor. Tax network USA's attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over $1 billion in tax debt Tax Network USA can help you too, but you need to move fast. April 15th is almost here. Talk with one of their strategists today. No obligation. Stop looking over your shoulder. Put it all behind you. Call Tax Network USA at one eight hundred nine five eight 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/ VINCE.


All right. Lots of nice messages coming in. Sophia with an F That's a great way to spell Sophia 62 says, happy for you. VINCE. Thrilled to hear your conversation with our courageous president. It's wonderful to have an honest leader in the White House. 95 shot Merrick says, sounds like POTUS may have a touch of a cold. Yeah, I noticed that too. Or one of the, one of the first things you get in that interview is like, whoa. It sounds, he sounds like he might be a little sick or something. I hope he is doing all right. But he was good. His, his mind was as good as ever. As we were chatting with him, we've got humor check saying, Crockett will have to be primary. Every constituent should be ashamed. Yeah. Isn't that, isn't that wild?


President Trump, I, you may have heard me at the end of that interview. I kind of wanted to ask him about Gavin Newsom and his ridiculous podcast and his efforts to try and become the Democrat nominee, obviously in a couple years time. But President Trump just barreled forward. He just kept going off about how ridiculous of a human being Jasmine Crockett is. He's right to do that because she's ridiculous. She's totally ridiculous. Really, really very funny. Let's see here. Freedom Production is writing to all of you Patriots that have fought online for years to spread this movement. This is your day. You deserve credit for all you have done to save this country. You are all heroes. It's a sweet message. And true.


So many great Americans have fought us, fought to put us in this great position. Again, really good to have the President with us. I, I do think that if you're gonna look ahead to sort of the media clips that might come out of this today, couple couple of things. One, I'm interested in what the media and Greenland do with his remarks that JD Vance, the vice president, is on the way this week and we have to acquire Greenland. We just have to do it. And I did ask the president, do you think that the people who live there are eager to become American citizens? And you heard him say, well, I don't think they're eagar. So that's interesting. And my my sense, just like every other country, if the president starts talking about you, your region or your country, typically the local media will really pick it up.


Also, asking him about the latest out of this Atlantic piece today. Here's, here's the way the Atlantic piece has changed over the last 24 hours, really, 48, 2 days ago, We got the original piece from Jeffrey Goldberg about, I was included on this signal chat with all these Trump, Trump officials. That should have never happened. And he insisted in that original piece that he's not, he doesn't wanna share it for national security reasons. 'cause he's, he's so patriotic, he doesn't obviously want you to see this because he wouldn't want to give up any secrets. And so he said, but, but these officials were discussing war plans. Just trust me, bro. That's the source. Trust me, bro. They were talking war plans and I'm just, and I'm so smart and amazing and and caring about the country.


I'm not gonna publish those at all. And so, rightfully so, people were asking, really, they were war plans, right? You heard all these Trump officials testified before Congress yesterday. There wasn't even anything classified in these messages. So the Atlantic today, this morning, just ahead of our conversation with the president, published these messages. And in the messages where they describe these, now they've backed off of war plans, the headline now describes them as attack plans. So you can hear them, they're already hedging, not war anymore. Now it's attack. Well, by tomorrow it'll be skirmish plans. And then by the next day it'll be disagreement plans. We're gonna keep working our way backwards in the so-called war plans.


The attack plans, the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, refers to striking a terrorist at his quote, known location, what known location. The messages don't say, why don't they say because it's classified. In other words, Pete Hegseth is communicating with top government officials, the chief of staff of the White House, the, you know, Tulsi Gabbard, the Director of National Intelligence, the Vice President of the United States. Everybody's on this thing. And in Jeffrey Goldberg apparently, and eth shares that we're gonna hit him at his known location. They don't say what known location. So in other words, once again, as I said yesterday, we're talking about something that would definitely, we would consider sensitive information.


It's sensitive. And of course, Jeffrey Goldberg should not have been included. But, oh, these are the war plans. Oh man, the Houthis, you're really gonna have an advantage here with those war plans being expressed on signal. It's insanity. So that's, that's worth paying attention to. Also, I, you know, I don't know about you. Have you been sitting back and thinking a lot about how the heck of all people, Jeffrey Goldberg gets on this thing? So just reading the President's reaction to my question here, my question was, out of over 300 million people in the United States, how does Jeffrey Goldberg, who is a top tier Trump hater hoax artist, end up on that chat thread?


How many people in the whole country have the initials jg and somehow Jeffrey Goldberg of all people ends up there? You do wonder how that happens. Obviously, the, the, the reigning storyline on this subject is that it was just a big mistake and a misunderstanding. President Trump indicated both in our interview today and yesterday, he was saying that it looks like this was a lower level staffer for Mike Waltz, the National Security advisor, who made an accident when they were compiling the group and somehow accidentally included Jeffrey Goldberg. But the president saying today that in that, in my interview, that it looks like they're gonna get to the bottom of this today.


That's the plan. They've got people looking into this, but the president sounds open-minded about how this could have possibly happened, whether it was an innocent mistake or possibly something worse. He definitely sounded open-minded on the answer to that question. And rightfully so. If you're, if you're President Trump at this point, wouldn't you be suspicious of everything? Right? President Trump, I, I know the media loves to go after him for, for everything he says, but wouldn't you be the most cynical person on the planet if the left, if, if the left had thrown everything they had at you? If every institution has tried to destroy you, if they've relentlessly tried to imprison you, if they've taken you off of ballots to prevent voters from choosing you, if one of their people took a shot at you and hit you in the ear while you were on a campaign stage, and then another one of their people tried to kill you again at a golf course in Florida, you might be a little cynical.


You might, you might pause a little bit and say, you know what, I'm not gonna believe this story at first blush right away. And then lastly, just a, a, a note of gratitude about this conversation with President Trump. I really appreciate his, his compliments and his support for me in this role, both on the, the Rumble podcast, on the podcast broadly, and on this nationwide radio show from 12 to three. President Trump like us, is a man who appreciates the legacy of conservative media. He adored Rush Limbaugh just absolutely adored him. And it, and, and every day, I know Dan Bonino always felt like this too. We look back and we we're so sorry that we've lost rush.


We wish Rush was here to talk about all of this. Just what an impressive, amazing talent. And so President Trump like me, we have such reverence for what Rush built, And it is a total honor for me to be on live hundreds of stations across this, this great country at 12 to three each day in that position that rush built. I, I'm over the moon about it. And President Trump so nice to be supportive of me there and supportive of me on this podcast. On Rumble. This great thing that Dan built, Dan built this incredible audience and this incredible vehicle for we're spreading the truth about what's actually going on in this country. And it isn't it kind of nice that President Trump is on our wave life, that he's with us here.


That he's, that he's embraced this, that he loves it and he thinks it's valuable and important. It's because it is. And it was nice to hear him say that when he called on Dan and said, Hey, would you consider coming in? And then when Dan told him that he was putting me in this position to be with you on this, this great platform, the president said, what did he say? It was a two for one deal. He felt very good about it. He felt very confident bringing Deputy director Dan Bonino into the FBI. So that's a total totally fantastic. And God, what a blessing to be able to do all of this. Let's see. I've got some great comments coming in now on the chat. Janet 8 0 4. Dan was Rush Junior. Dan did such a good job.


He never stopped talking about what an honor it was to be in that position. Sigma oo stone. VINCE, you're positive. You do good work. Mama Cat Kafi saying Bino rule hold here. I totally agree. Every time you have one of these dramatic scandals going on where they, where people tell you that you have to be exercised and you normally, what they mean is they want you to get really angry at Trump and they want you to stop the forward momentum of the Trump agenda, the recommendation to hold and wait for more information, baby, that's such good advice. You should definitely follow that. And, but that's a good life principle for what it's worth. Don't become hysterical.


Figure out what the hell is going on. That's a great piece of life advice. You'll go far with that. So hold for sure on all of this. Let me move now into some of what's going on with the President of the United States and his agenda. And one of my favorite segments to cover this as the Trump agenda barrels forward we're 65 days in, is that there are networks who are fully dedicated to trying to arrest his forward progress, arrest your forward progress. They wanna stop you. M-S-N-B-C and CNN are fully committed to that goal. And it, it's pretty sad to watch. There are some notable exceptions from time to time on CNN. There's, there's Scott Jennings or Shemic Singleton will get up there.


David Urban will have a chance to express some rational point of view and then be screeched at by a panel of 40 lefties. But there's also just the reality of the data that confronts that CNN audience from time to time. And the guy who delivers these data reports, well, he is a little fellow. We like to call Harry Enton. Take a look. Here's cut one CNN's data, dude saying, actually Trump's doing pretty well in the eyes of the American people. Let's start with this historically, you know, you talk about Trump being sort of unpopular. What what are the numbers showing Us? Yeah, I think sometimes it's important to do a little bit of reality check and take a little different spin at the numbers. I'm gonna do that right here because all we talk about is how unpopular Donald Trump is.


But in reality, he's basically more popular than he was at any point in term number one and more popular than he was when he won election back in November of 2024. What are we talking about? Isn't net favorable rating right now? Comes in at minus four points. Compare that to where he was when he won in November of 2024, when he was at minus seven points or March of 2017 when he was at minus 10 points. So when you compare Trump against himself, he's actually closer to the apex than he, okay, let's pause this to the bottom of the trough. And of course that's, let's pause, pause For a moment. Let's start. So here's what I love about, about this. I love these Harry Entin segments because they're always like just a bowl of cold ice, cold water in the face of the left.


Because every time, when you finally go back to the data, no matter what you might be hearing in the a block of every CNN show, Trump is awful. Look at this awful thing he did. He is destroying democracy. You actually go to the data and you get Harry Ton on there. It's the funniest routine. I I think it's hilarious because what he does is he'll just point, he'll have a, a big screen in front of him and he'll just be pointing and goes, you see over here you've got this different number. You got a number that's not good for Trump. If you look back a couple of years ago, and then if you move over to this side and you look at this different number, this number is a massive improvement for Trump. So if you go from that, that number to this number, holy schole, it's an amazing change. And then it, his ceiling is now up here as opposed to his floor, which was down here.


And he's, he's doing like interpretive dancing for pole numbers. Have you ever seen anything like this? It's hilarious. It's really funny. And all of these segments end up sounding the same. And then the c Nnn person's always completely stunned by it. The host, the the host is always just reacting with just, just utter shock. I can't believe Americans like this. I cannot believe that the American people are for this. What is wrong with them? Oh my goodness. They, they, they, they've become shocked. They have to cover their mouth. They, because they're so shocked that the American people are on board. Not really that hard to see why, you know, I, I went over it With in our interview with the president of the United States, but, and he's lamented this before, you know, it's, it's funny.


He is his view, including in the first term, is a, if we do good things, if we actually achieve wins, nobody cares. Nobody cares. And what he means by that is the, the media don't care. They don't talk about it. There's no focus on it whatsoever. But let's talk about receipts, shall we? What's actually occurred, 96% drop in border crossings, 96% drop in border crossings. That is massive. You are watching as violent illegals are being deported from the country by the thousands, including to some pretty high profile places like maximum security prisons in El Salvador and Guantanamo Bay.


So if you're the kind of person who thought to yourself before, maybe I should illegally migrate to the United States, what are you thinking to yourself now? Well, don't do that. I might end up in Gitmo or I might end up in a maximum security prison in El Salvador. My chances of success are now non-existent. I better not do that. And so that has been a massive victory that this, you know, just think about how much time you and I spent talking about in these last few years, how awful the immigration border illegal situation was. All of the drugs, the violence, the death, it was awful. Lake and Riley, you can go down the list. We're in a world now where everything is changing into a positive indicator on that subject.


It's all headed in the right direction. And so the media are not gonna dwell on it. You're not gonna see a bunch of headlines about this because in, in a lot of ways, it's not chaotic, it's not dramatic, it's not, it's not. If it bleeds, it leads it's success. And the press has a natural inclination to not report on success, but also it's Trump. And Trump's success in particular is where their natural inclination prevents them from talking about it at length. So this has been a big deal. It's such a big deal that you had Bernie Sanders earlier this week asked on one of the weekend shows, I think it was by Jonathan Carl, is there anything, is there literally anything Trump has done that you support?


He said, well, securing the border, the border, you know, getting, stopping illegals from coming across the border and the fentanyl going off to the fentanyl. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. Everybody, no one's for illegals. He said. Meanwhile, he was for illegals when he was running for the Democrat primary over and over these last couple years. Now pretending he's not for illegals, I'm not for illegals. Also, the data on what's happening economically is really good. You ready for this? This comes to us from our in-house economist, EJ Anoni. From the basis of one of my questions to the president this morning, the federal government's payrolls have shrunk now by 10,000 people at least while the number of people that are reporting that they were employed by the government fell to a six month low.


It's a huge deal. You do not want an economy that's dependent on government workers. Here's another piece of data you have to know about government workers. For every one government worker on average, in order to cover their salary, their benefits, that includes their retirement. It takes 80 American taxpayers to cover one government employee, 80 private sector workers to cover one government employee. Now you tell me, is that a sustainable relationship? Is that, is that, lemme ask, tell me, Chad, is that something that we can do for forever? Can we do 80 different private sector workers and one government employee, WTF?


Nope. That's a lousy ratio. It is not sustainable. Wow. 81. No. Nope. Hell no. F no. That math does not math. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. Yeah, the chat is all over this because it's impossible. You can't sustain that. The country collapses on that basis. And by the way, that's another great piece of data from, I, I think America's leading economist, EJ Anoni, who's run the numbers on this, and one of Dan's favorite. Literally not, not one of literally Dan's favorite economist. He loves talking to ej. I love talking to ej. He's great. What else do we have here? So government jobs going down by the tens of thousands. Manufacturing jobs have risen by 10,000 under President Trump.


That was only, by the way, just to be super clear about the data here. That's in the first month he was in office. So by February 20th you saw a 10,000 person uptick in manufacturing jobs. These are private sector jobs. These are productive jobs. They are creative jobs. They are jobs that actually make something the government doesn't make. It takes the private sector economy creates, it, makes it builds, And it leads to a flourishing economy downstream. So you want more manufacturing jobs, more productive, more industry in the United States means more thriving communities. And that brings us back on the track to success, which is what President Trump wants to do when he says, make America great again.


Well, that's squarely in the wheelhouse. 10,000 increase in just a single month's time in manufacturing jobs in America. I'll take it. What else? The monthly inflation rate has been cut now by more than half. That is from previously an annualized 5.7% to now 2.6%. So yes, prices continue to go up, don't believe the left's lies. When inflation comes down, prices are coming down. That's not true. As so long as inflation is in positive territory, meaning headed up, prices are gonna continue to creep up. But they're creeping up at a much slower rate now than the explosion that they were under President Biden. So a dramatic increase there. Also, inflation adjusted wages have gone up in the United States of America.


That is another huge data point. And so the president has a lot to be proud of in just one month's time. In two months time, in his first two months in office, he was able to secure an additional three ready with a T trillion dollars in investment and brought countries back to the bargaining table to open their markets to our exporters. So if you get $3 trillion in just two months time of investment in the United States of America, well that's a massive, massive deal. And in fact, every time I, I forget what the, the monetary threshold is, but when major industries all around the planet want to bring investment into the United States, if it's gonna be a massive amount of money, I have a recommendation for you.


Major industry, contact the White House, contact them because President Trump is going to wanna do a press conference, stand next to you at lectern and say, Mr. Bob has brought, or whatever his name is, has brought in a trillion dollars, $50 billion, whatever the number is, of huge investment into the United States of America. He's proud of that and he of that, and he should be as, that will result in more American jobs right here. So bring that capital in. Mortgage interest rates have fallen in the first two months, about 40 basis points, 40 basis points down. That's point, 0.4% down. So that's another big deal as mortgage rates are going down and the left always crows about housing affordability.


How are we gonna afford houses? How would Americans, how would Americans afford houses? Easy stop importing millions of foreign nationals into our country and de and, and creating an inflated value to the housing market because everybody's competing for fewer places to live because of all of that. President, vice president JD Vance talked about that on the campaign trail. And also bring down those mortgage interest rates, stabilize our monetary supply, stop all of this excessive government spending so that we can bring the rates back down. President Trump targeting on that. Also, the cost of breakfast has gone down. That's right. Remember when we started that the left was trying to blame Trump for the increase in egg prices.


Well, egg prices are up. What about egg prices? They said as President Trump racked up victory after victory. They were like, well, what can we throw at 'em that's gonna hurt him? Egg prices, they claimed, nevermind the fact that the reason egg prices were going up was because the Biden administration ordered the slaughter of bajillion chickens in the midst of EV and bird flu. It was a precautionary move. Killing a lot of chickens means fewer eggs to be produced. Once again, a basic market principle. But it's the end product of something that happened under the Biden administration. They didn't stop the spread of the bird flu. And then they tried to kill off the flocks. Well, egg prices went up as a result, they're down now. Egg prices have dropped over 60%.


60%. Stay tuned for that headline. Wherever you can find it this month alone, egg prices are down. Look at that. Well look, even CNBC is admitting that these egg prices are coming back down. That's, that's the Midwest large white egg benchmark. People love their white eggs. You go to the store, you get the white eggs, you go to your neighbor who has chickens, you don't get white eggs, you get multicolored eggs. They're just as good. Great source of protein. Get your eggs, especially while they're going down in price. Additionally, orange juice is on track for its largest quarterly price decline ever. OJ we produce a lot of oranges in the US of a president.


Trump has reason to be proud of that as well. And then gasoline prices, remember this is one that I'm looking forward to and if I get another chance to talk to the president soon, I wanna ask him about gas prices specifically. But gas prices, when he came into office, he said, I wanna cut those in half by the end of my first year in office. So presumably that would be January 20th of next year. By that point, his target is to get to half the price. Right now, the price is dropping. The gasoline has experienced four straight weeks of decline in terms of price. And it's dropped about a dollar 30 per gallon, less than where it was a year ago.


So we are headed in the right direction there. And once again, is this what you voted for? Is it That's what I voted for. I voted for an improving picture on the economy. I voted for a secure border. That's what I wanted. And I got a lot more than that, didn't I? I got a lot more than that out of it. So that's, in case you were wondering that, that's kinda the underlying data that were, that was animating my questions today to the president of the United States. And, and I'm very grateful for that. The president has also been very busy, as, as you could tell. Not only is he doing well, according to the data, and Harry Anton over at CNN, he also made a special point of targeting election fraud yesterday with a big executive order that you could tell he was very proud of.


He he's, he told us that today, right here on VINCE, take a listen to the president yesterday in the cabinet room at the White House signing an executive order designed to end election fraud. Election fraud. You heard the term ended will end it. Hopefully, at least this will go a long way toward ending it. There are other steps that we will be taking as the next, in the coming weeks and we think we'll be able to end up getting fair elections. Perhaps some people think I shouldn't be complaining 'cause we won in a landslide, but we gotta straighten out our election.


This country is so sick because of the election, the fake elections and the bad elections, and we're gonna straighten it out one way or the other. This is great. He's signing the executive order And it's an honor to sign this one to sign all of 'em. But to sign this one is a great honor To sign. That one is a great honor, by the way, I noticed in that clip I just put two and two together. Didn't he sound a little under the weather in that clip too? So, so whatever, whatever bug he might be fighting off this morning, probably the same one that he had in the cabinet meeting yesterday. But it's not deterring him. He is getting everybody together. He is still working. He is very busy as president of the United States. And there he was saying, look, I'm signing this executive order to forbid election interference.


Election fraud. We're gonna stop that. We wanna have secure elections. Now, for those of you who've been following elections for some time, you may be wondering, well, how exactly does this work? Because every state, as we unfortunately know in many cases, runs its own elections. Some of them run them well like Florida, others run them into the ground. Like places like Arizona or Pennsylvania. California is one of the most cartoonish places in the country to have an election because in California they have legalized ballot harvesting. Are you familiar with that? It's when a political operative can go door to door, collect ballots, and then you have to trust the political operative is actually gonna drop your ballot off. And they, they do this.


The left is specialized the, in this, this is why they wanna make it legal because there's a lot of corruption in the way they handle ballots. There've been many cases of lefties who would go, for instance, into nursing homes and take advantage of very elderly people and then have them fill out ballots, help them with the process, oh, just, you know, fill out this one. You wanna vote for this guy, vote for that guy, and then take, take their ballot from them and then they only turn in the Democrat votes. Yeah, that's not a secure system in any meaningful sense. So the president laid out in his executive order a number of ways to secure the system, including proving as you register to vote that you're an American citizen and making it so that election day is only election day, not election month. That, that each of these states isn't allowed to keep taking ballots into eternity after election day is already over common sense stuff to not only make our elections more secure, but also to make them more believable.


It's the kind of thing that Jimmy Carter once supported back when he was assessing the state of our elections. You know, the late Jimmy Carter thought paper ballots, that's a terrible idea. Sorry, not paper ballots. Mail-in ballots. Mail-in ballots is a terrible idea. We should have paper ballots to have a paper record of every vote. You should show voter ID to prove you are who you say you are. So you're not stealing somebody else's vote. It's about preventing voter disenfranchisement, not causing it. Even Jimmy Carter knew that in the early two thousands, did a big report on the subject. And of course the left since then has abandoned all of that and said, no, we have to, our elections have to be complete chaos.


Our elections have to be complete chaos because it's only in chaos that the left thrives. And President Trump says, Nope, no more of that. And so the way that he can do this at a federal level, you heard the president talk about it today, is remove the funding. The federal government provides a lot of funding, a lot of funding your tax dollars to support election systems around the country. Well, fine condition the funding. You only receive the funding if you have a secure election system as where President Trump did yesterday, and it's a great step in the right direction. And he has not been shy about using these funding mechanisms to force compliance. So that's a huge, huge deal. Let's see, I also have a pardon to share with you.


President Trump made a big pardon yesterday. He pardoned Hunter Biden's long suffering former business partner, Deon Archer, who's been out telling the truth about the Biden family for a while as the Biden administration tried to destroy him. Here is the pardon, yesterday. First We have a pardon for Deon Archer. Deon Archer was a former business partner of the Biden family. He's was prosecuted relating to a, a fraud investigation. But notably the tone and tenor of that prosecution changed dramatically after he began to cooperate with congressional investigators and serve as a witness against Hunter Biden and the Biden family.


We believe that was a a, an injustice. And therefore we're asking you to, to pardon him. And many people have asked me to do this. I think he was treated very unfairly. And I looked at the records, studied the records that he was, he was a victim of a crime as far as I'm concerned. So we're gonna undo that. We're gonna undo that. De Archer thought that Biden would save him in the past. But then the Biden family turned on him, attacked him, he began telling the truth about what was going on. All Right, There it is. Holding up the signature. Congratulations Devin.


Congratulations. Devin says, president Trump. Now the backstory on some of this is Devin Archer met with President Trump at the President's request on over the weekend at the NCAA championship wrestling match. Deon Archer was in the crowd. I saw a picture of Miranda Devine, who I had on the radio show this week. She indicated she was, she, she took a picture to selfie with Devin Archer standing there talking about how unfairly treated he had been. And apparently, according to Devon Archer, who spoke to Fox News last night, that's precisely where President Trump gave him the good news. Take a look at this. First of all, I didn't think I'd need this because I never did anything. I was a victim of a financial financial fraud in which I invested a lot of money and was taken down on a whistleblower that was blowing the whistle on Hunter.


So you were collateral damage. Absolutely. And you believe that the Biden Obama Justice people targeted you to keep Hunter outta trouble. Well, I think that there's some heroic reporting from John Solomon that came out very, very recently, actually in like the last two years. Where originally they were saying, listen, we're gonna take care of you. But that reporting, you know, goes into FOIAs and finds, you know, distinct emails from the Biden legal apparatus, lobbying pre bahar to essentially put me in as the target and remove Hunter. So yes, I think it's, you know, it's chronic of what that legal apparatus was. And I certainly was a victim, Devon Archer saying I was the fall guy, I was the patsy for the Biden family's crimes.


And I was targeted as a result of all of that. And President Trump coming through and saying, you know what? I don't like that. I don't like the abusive power at the hands of the Biden family, the Biden administration. And so I'm gonna pardon this guy and why shouldn't he be pardoned? Think about it. Biden's entire family was pardoned by Autopen, presumably on the way out the door. Biden was sitting at Trump's inauguration waiting for him to be sworn in as the pardons popped out of the White House from the auto pen of the entire Biden family being pardoned. Great. So of course Deon Archer should be pardoned as well.


I would like to see, and I know you would too, justice to go beyond that though, not merely some relief for people like Deon Archer, but instead prosecutions for the people who were selling out our country. How many years in a row have we discussed Tony Bobinski, the old Biden family business partner, talking about all of the crimes the Biden family had been committing, and then saying that when he talked to Jim Biden, Joe's brother, that one of the, the reads from him was straight up that they didn't want, they, they did their best to keep Joe's name away from the family business and, and so much so that they tried to limit his name being used in the communications that they had between each other.


Now contrast that of course with Trump officials talking on signal, just being honest with one another, having a completely productive conversation that moved the ball forward. The Biden family's secret conversations consisted of even trying to conceal the fact that Joe was a part of the messages. And Tony Bobinski asked, wait a second, what are you doing here? And Jim Biden responds, plausible deniability. Plausible deniability, the language of a criminal enterprise. Plausible deniability. So the biden's, they deserve some scrutiny here. Boy, I wouldn't it be nice if we could untangle the autopen garbage and say, no, the autopen doesn't count.


It doesn't count that President Trump's been saying this. You, the pardons don't work if their autopen, because Joe Biden didn't sign them. And even if we accepted that Autopen is a legitimate way for the president to do his job, it was just like, it's like an e-signature on a, like a PDF or something. Even if you were to accept that on its face, Joe Biden was non-comp Menis. The guy's brain doesn't operate. So, so you're saying that an invalid can have a machine sign documents for him and he has no idea what's going on. Is that gonna work? Does that actually count? Is that constitutionally sound? I don't know. I don't think So. I don't think that's what the founders intended, that some guy in a coma is, has somebody else doing robot signatures for him and now it has the full force of law, please.


That seems pretty crazy to me. Hey, look, oh, I got, I got a lot of Shaq coming in. The Autopen isn't legal. The only person who gets indicted is President Trump. I know. Isn't that crazy? Everybody, tell your friends to watch VINCE KBK 200. My hero. Everybody. Tell your friends to watch VINCE. Yeah, yeah, baby. Please do. We got 74,000 in the chat right now, just, well, I shouldn't overstate it. 73. 73,000 in the chat right now. Really appreciate that. Great conversation today with the President of the United States. Let me mention to you here about this program and all the programs we do during the day.


We've got the podcast, the Rumble Podcast. It starts live every morning at 10:00 AM If you wanna be a part of the festivities, join us at 10:00 AM You might be listening on the podcast right now, but it's honestly, it's fun. You should see the people who are in the chat right now, they're just a hoot, great Americans, and given great reactions to everything. The other piece here is the radio show, as I mentioned earlier, as the president was alluding to. I'm on from 12 to three eastern nationwide on this radio show. We're on several hundred stations, I think last I checked with Jim Verde. We're on a little over 250 stations right now. It is such a blast. We're on in almost every major market. So if you're in, ever in your car and you've got a radio and you've got a conservative station in your town, flip it on anytime between 12 and three Eastern time, and chances are you're gonna find us.


There. It is. It's, it's a total privilege to do that as well. And coming up later today, if you didn't get to hear the President's conversation, if you're listening live right now on Rumble, you will be able to hear it coming up at 1 35 Eastern on the radio show today. I'm, I'm gonna play it there. A great, great chat with the president. One last thing on lineups and, and media consumption and notes. Rumble has an amazing thing that they've created and the, the, the whole goal here is to, first of all, get rid of the big tech companies, the YouTubes, get 'em outta your life, and then move into a world that actually supports you and in return, your support for Rumble has just been amazing.


It's, you, you can start your day with Avita. You move into me, it'll seamlessly take you into my program. And then off to Steven Crowder and Tim Pull and Russell Brand. And it, it just keeps going throughout the day. Chris Pavlovsky and the team at Rumble here have created a mighty alternative to the Liars and the big tech sensors all over the media and an interactive environment that is totally unparalleled. There's nothing else like it. I am so completely proud to be a part of this Rumble lineup. I am so grateful for each and every one of you for making this the easiest transition I've ever experienced. You're just amazing. Really just amazing. And I wanna encourage you to stick around because coming up next, right here on Rumble is Steven Crowder and his fine program.


He's got a lot of content for you today and you're not gonna wanna miss it. So stay fixed to Rumble. Thanks for listening to and watching the podcast, and I'll be back with you tomorrow. 10 o'clock on VINCE.