
Hey, welcome to VINCE, brought to you by Blackout Coffee. The official coffee of all of us right here at Silver Lock. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE, and you will get 20% off your first order.


Hey, welcome to VINCE. We are, as you can tell right now in a brand studio right here at W-M-A-L-A Radio, great radio station, right here in Washington, DC My, my mothership for now, eight years. Look at that. Multiple cameras in the works. There's a engineer in the background. Zach Shore is here working today, all these guys trying to make sure all these things work. We've got, we've got a great setup here and I'm glad to be back here. So for those of you who are wondering, and if we, If you haven't heard by now, I've got the setup right here in Washington dc I am in this studio. We're gonna do this here a bunch, including for a bunch of in-person guests. So, You know, if you're someone who's super famous and you'd like to be interviewed on, VINCE, get in touch with us.


We've got a, we've got a seat for you here, and you don't have to be super famous. We just love talking to people and we'll be able to do the podcast right here in this studio. Additionally, we're gonna do the radio show here, national Radio Show from 12 to three eastern each day, right from this studio. So we're set up, baby. We're gonna keep adding features, though I think we'll keep working in the studio. We're gonna get it up to, to, to exactly the right headspace for me so we can have an ultimate show every single day. So glad to have you with us. Always love having you with us. The best damn audience in all of media. Before we dive into the content today, including the president of the United States, smacking NBC around, I can't wait for that. I gotta say, I gotta thank our sponsors who make all of this possible.


If there's something all of us can believe in, it's hard work, self-reliance, and showing up for the people who count on us.


But, You know, a while back I was trying to do all of that and I was getting terrible sleep and I was dragging myself through the next day on fumes. I knew I had to find something to break me outta that cycle, and that's when I found Beams. Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America and run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. It's a nighttime blend packed with science backed ingredients shown to improve sleep. So you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made up with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients, reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin. And here's the best deal. Beam is giving you the ultimate patriot discount of up to 40% off. Try their best selling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. It's actually delicious, it's gonna help you a lot. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show, use the code, VINCE show at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/ VINCE show and use the code. VINCE show for up to 40% off.


Yes, yes, yes. No major's not in the studio today. And people are asking where my dog is. Well, that, that he's not in the studio. So here's the deal. This is what I understand about this building that we're in. We don't own the building. We are, we are, we lease in the building. And the way this building operates, according to the signage in the elevator, there are no dogs allowed. Now, you and I both know that there are vests available for purchase on the internet that suggests that your dog is a comfort dog. I don't know what's required, but sometimes I do feel like I need comfort and I might need this dog to figure out a way to come in studio with me. So we'll see. We'll figure it out.


But Majors, majors great. Don't worry, he's well taken care of. My wife's got an eye on major right now, but we'll see, we'll see. Major, and I'm, and by the way, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this from a variety of studios just to keep things interesting. We'll do it here a lot because I want to have all these guests in studio here in dc but additionally, we're gonna be able to do this from Florida from time to time and the great studio that the Binos built. And I'll be able to continue to do it from the home studio and we'll have major stop by. So all, all the more reason to use the emojis when he gets there. So thank you for that. Yeah, no, this is cool. Somebody just said excellent microphone. Thank you. Yeah, the audio's great Here. We have a, a great team of audio engineers. This microphone for those of you who have been, You know, say, let's say, did you watch Rush Limbaugh ever?


Did you check out the Dito cam when Rush did the, the podcast? He used this microphone. It's a, an electro voice. Re 20 is the name of this mic. You see this all over the industry except Rush's was dipped in Gold Rush had a golden EIB microphone. The other one that you see all the podcasters use and the one that I use at home is the sure SM seven B. That's the one I think once, I think it was Joe Rogan once Rogan started using that. Is that right Zach? It's probably what it was. Once Rogan started using the sure SM seven B, everybody else climbed on board and said, I'm gonna use that too. It's a great microphone. Anyway, those are the two, those are the big daddy microphones in the, in the audio industry. And this one works great here and, And it sounds good today as well.


Alright, I'll tell you more about all the, the, the behind the scenes stuff here as we go. But let's jump right into the content today now and talk about what the president of the United States is up to. He just did a huge interview with Meet the Press, Kristin Welker as a part of this continuing effort to do all of these interviews with adversarial media, long, long interviews with adversarial media every single day. And to, to mark, I think the 100 days of his presidency. That's why he's sitting down with these guys. So he sits down with Kristen Welker and she's just not ready for him. And she's got this, she's kinda got this attitude where she is gonna treat him nicely, but, but ask him all these questions to try and put him into uncomfortable situations.


And he sees right through this and he's, he even spends part of the interview kind of brow beating her for just always being negative. Why you gotta be negative all the time. Why do you gotta come in here with a negative slant on every single question you ask? In fact, let me see here. Do I, I have the president. Yeah, here's, here's President Trump, cut nine, take a look at this. Here's President Trump knocking Kristen Welker for putting negative spin on every single question. Look by The country. I keep people fairly, whether they voted for me or not. I want to have a unified country. It's very hard because the media's so fake, including like, even the way you ask questions. Every question is asked in a negative vein. There's a toy company that took a toddler's, You know, whatever.


And, but you don't talk about the fact that gasoline is down at, at numbers that nobody believes possible. You know why they're down. By the way, drill, baby drill. We are drilling like crazy right now. We try to make sure every question is fair, Mr. President. Look, Every question you ask says a very negative slant. No, no, but I'm just curious. Are you, and I'm, I'm fine for responding to you. I don't think you're very difficult at all to respond to, to be honest with you. But you know what? You should ask some positive things. Yeah. How about some positive questions? How about none? None. All this nonsense you're asking me. You, you mentioned strollers she kept bringing up, well there's one stroller company somewhere who's having some trouble with importing things and that might be a problem for them.


And trust's like, wait a second. Hold up, hold up. What is happening right now with the cost of goods broadly? Well, they're going down, we're in a deflationary pattern right now. The producer Bry index came out recently. It's the first time in years since the last Trump administration we've seen prices go down. It's not a slowing of prices going up. That's what Biden would brag about. Trump's saying prices are going down. Let's, let's reflect on that for a moment also. He says, gas prices have come down, gas prices have come down while he's been in office. That's true. And that's the underlying impact on the entire economy that you have to reflect on. And also, what was the left running on when Trump got into office a week into a week in, they were telling people egg prices have gone up.


Egg prices have plummeted since President Trump came into office. That's also the reason that the left doesn't talk about it anymore. They don't have egg prices to hang their hat on. So they've moved on. They can't, they're, they're no longer throwing eggs despite the fact that they want to. So that's, those are all, those are all good pieces of information. So If you're gonna ask a question about what's going on in the administration, what's going on in the United States of America, a dishonest frame would be to cherry pick a piece of data and then suggest that that's, that's, that represents a broader overarching trend. It does not. It does not. And the president, he's become so accustomed to this, that he just cuts right through it.


He cuts right through it. He instantly sort of detects where these questions are going and then knocks them down. So there's a lot here. Let's talk about the economy first. Here's, let's, let's go to cut one the president saying that this trade battle that he's been engaged in could start yielding some meaningful results. It already is. By the way, I talked to the, If you haven't heard the China episode of this program, go back to Friday. Go back to Friday. I did a whole rundown of how the President has China in a headlock right now and they are trying to squirm out of it. And he is saying, the only way you get outta this thing is If you start negotiating. So start talking China, desperate now to start these negotiations. President Trump said this weekend in that interview at Mar-a-Lago, that we could have some trade deals begin to be announced as early as this week.


Take a look. Any trade deals coming this week, it could very well be. Can you tell us more about, this Is two minutes long. Lemme know If you wanna cut or Pause. We're negotiating with many countries, but at the end of this, lemme pause my own deals because I said, lemme Pause right here. Everyone Said the deal. I said, Okay, obviously I make a correction. This is not from the NBC interview. This is the president of the United States onboard Air Force one traveling to and from Florida this weekend, again, talking about these trade deals. Trade deals coming, we're negotiating with many countries. But at the end of this, I'll send my own deals. 'cause I sent the deal. They don't set the deal.


I sent the deal. They've been ripping us off for years. I sent the deal, sir, every country, almost without fail, Brenda Foe has been ripping us off for years. So we are meeting with almost all of 'em, including China. And at the end, I'm setting the deal. They keep saying, when are you gonna, this is not like a big deal that's gonna be signed in some cases we'll sign. We don't have to have signed. I'm gonna be setting the deal, I'll be setting a tariff. You keep asking the same question, but when will you agree? It's up to me. It's not up to them. It's up to me. Now they don't have to deal with us, which is okay 'cause we lost under Biden, we're losing $5 billion a day.


Think of it, $5 billion a day. Now we're not dealing with China at all. 'cause the tariffs so high that they basically can't deal. And because of that, we're saving billions of dollars. You know, but just, and I'm not saying this to your wises guy with you to be mean. I don't wanna be mean to you. You're, You know, good professional. But you do keep asking me that same question. It's not like we're gonna sit down in an ivory room and we're going just, he's gonna say, there'll be some of that very little. I don't see a lot of it. At some point in the next two weeks or three weeks, I'm gonna be setting the deal.


I'm gonna say that such and such a country has had a tremendous trade surplus, surplus their way with us. And they've taken advantage of us in various ways and we fully understand what they were doing. We, we were being led by people that were not very smart. They were able to be taken advantage of. But I can't, Okay, let's pause here. So at some, at a certain point, I'll be, So what we've got here is the President saying he's giving you some advanced notice here. You ready? The key here is over the course of the next two to three weeks, you will begin to see some of these trade deals come into place. As each of these governments are stepping forward, each of these countries are coming forward and saying, here's what we can do.


Here's what our offer is. We would like to establish something with you. So you, you take your pressure off of us and we, we establish some equity when it comes to trade here, which is what the president is looking for. Lemme put that differently. He wants more investment in the United States. He wants more jobs here. He wants more manufacturing here. He wants other countries to purchase from us. He wants American cars in particular to be sold in other countries. He wants American energy to be sold to other countries. Where was any of this during the Biden era? I, I love, You know, the left has this convers, they're always talking about being progressive and taking care of the little guy, taking care of the middle class, taking care of the workers, right?


Not from the top down the middle out, you know, the, the bottom up. Where was any of this? No fight for American workers. No fight for American exports, no fight for investment in the United States. No pressure on other countries to stop taking advantage of us. Nothing, none of that. All of what you're seeing right now, and especially if you're the, if you're the kind of lefty, If you, If you're in the audience today, who has been a committed Democrat voter for your entire life on the basis of this idea that that party somehow represents the workers and the little guy and uplifts them. First of all, the story from the first Trump administration was one where people who are on the bottom end of wage earners saw their wages rise at the fastest time in American history.


The fastest pace in American history, the cost of everything in terms of inflation, it was non-existent until covid, until the chaos of covid itself non-existent. And even coming out of Covid, Trump had the economy roaring out of covid by the end of that presidency. And any disappears. And what does the left spend the next four years doing? Well, opening our borders, driving up costs dramatically through massive government spending, through massive printing of dollars, making taxing you. They didn't raise taxes on you the way that you, you normally think of where they go to Congress and they say, let's get a tax bill. Let's raise taxes. No, they raised taxes on everybody by just printing cash.


It doesn't require Congress. They just print the money and then everything is more expensive. You are being taxed. And they didn't raise a tax hike. How disgraceful. So here's Trump working to restore the balance here in the United States and saying, well, wait a second. This is about Main Street. It's not entirely about Wall Street. Wall Street's done, great. Wall Street's done great throughout all of this. It's about Main Street. Main Street deserves to have the same wins on the same pace that Wall Street is on. And so that's what this says. And so let me, let me direct you, as he talks about stab, first of all, this next two to three weeks, that's the President giving you fore warning that some big announcements are about to be made, made.


So dog ear that save that thing, put a Post-it note on that, you've got announcements coming over the course of the next 2, 2, 3 weeks, as early as this week. Big announcements as it relates to trade. And I'm telling you right now, the markets will respond positively to this. So it's good for Main Street first and then good for Wall Street next. Both of them will be headed in the right direction. That's a good thing. And now this, the China battle that we're seeing play out, I told you on Friday that China is now begging to come to the negotiating table. China has quietly decreased tariffs on 25% of the goods that come in from the United States. So they're already making concessions, they're already doing them.


And then we're seeing also protests in the streets in China. Workers who are leaving the factories, who are furious about not being paid because the money's not coming in and they're, they're holding their own companies and government accountable for that to the extent that you can in the Chinese Communist Party. And then we get this update today, fellas, can you put my screen up? This is the New York Times today. China's garment factories are facing a tipping point after these new tariffs. Take a look at this. This is the di minimus tax loophole. China has been able to send in small dollar packages into the United States now for years and evade tariffs through di minimus exemptions.


That's what they call them. And that means that cheap garment production basically, You know, stuff, it's, it's crappy material And it falls apart really easily. But Americans were purchasing cheap crap from China, from places like Tmu and Shine that has led President Trump enforcing tariffs on all of the cheap Chinese garbage clothing has led to now a massive upheaval among these factories. The New York Times describes today that Lumia has sold clothing on Amazon to wholesale buyers in the United States for the past five years. That trade is now coming to an abrupt sto halt, excuse me, stop.


Mr. Li owns a factory in Guang Zou Long, the center of China's highly competitive garment industry. He and other factory managers already dealing with tight profit margins. Said last week that the combination of tariffs and the president's new tax on cheap imports had cut deeply into their businesses. Costs along the supply chain are also higher. The tariffs have made it impossible for him to continue to selling on Amazon, where he previously made about a dollar on every garment. Now he makes just 50 cents. Now, the New York Times is writing this as a sob story for Chinese factory workers. But what I'm reading here is that these guys are feeling the pain because the president is now enforcing the tariffs uniformly in China.


And the end result is that China is gonna feel even more pressure here. Now, China is encouraging these garment operations to sell more domestically, to help local shops sell more of their goods domestically by having them connect on the internet and these types of things. And so, in other words, China is trying to figure out a way to navigate out of this economic turmoil, but they don't have any good answers. And so what this means is that China is in a headlock and Trump has 'em that way. So the more this hits the people of China, the more pressure the government's gonna be to come to the table to make a deal. Right now we've got all the leverage. Why would we squander this?


Why would we squander this? You shouldn't, we should take advantage at this moment. And this goes back to one final point I wanna make about China. Just to reiterate, president Trump o on Thursday going into Friday, made an announcement that any country that continues to buy oil from Iran will be forbidden from doing business in the United States. That's China. That is China. And what that means fundamentally is that China is now under immense pressure and has an invitation to buy American energy, buy American energy. If you do that well, you may earn some relief for yourself. I think President Trump is playing his cards really well here and some very interesting stuff, very interesting stuff continues to b come out about the Chi comms, and I'll keep sharing that with you as we go.


I've got more of this interview to get to with the president of the United States. We're gonna do that in just a moment. I've got, You know, Kristen Weer Wilker's confused that President Trump hasn't lowered tariffs on China yet. Well, they haven't even negotiated yet. We don't have a deal yet. Why would he lower the tariffs before the negotiating phase? That's crazy. More on that in a moment.


Hey, while we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. You know, now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile has been leading the charge. And as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the big difference. Every dollar you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching. So completely easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you're gonna get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every single call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Thank you to Patriot Mobile. Great Americans. Great Americans.


All right. So oh, TS cast 10 18 says, maybe VINCE can help. Why does the mainstream media still get these interviews? Especially since they ask the same fake talking points? Because Trump can't resist. Trump cannot resist. And to his great credit, he's good at it. Honestly. He's very good at it. He loves it because have you seen, so, so President Trump has been doing this since he first ran for president in a, in a real way, beginning in 2015. What has happened to the media since then? What has happened to them in terms of their, their credibility and approval ratings and what people will think of them?


It's gone down. And, You know, the irony of this is the way the media describes all of this. They say it's Trump's fault. Well, Trump criticizes us, and that's why our credibility's going down in the eyes of the American people, that Trump is prejudicing you against them. And I'm here to tell you, as you well know, that it's the media who squandered their own credibility. Every hoax that they leap on and then spread to you and then don't apologize for and don't correct is yet another invitation for you to tune out and go somewhere else. That's just true. You wanna fix your credibility problem, become credible. That's the answer there. But President Trump has been very good at sitting for these interviews, and when he does, he fights back in a way that almost nobody does in media.


And I'll tell you why they don't. Here's the actual, here's the actual secret why Trump can do this and nobody else can. Almost nobody is because typically, if you're appearing on NBC as a conservative, or if you're appearing on CNN as a conservative, one of the ways that you get to do that again, is you sort of play by their rules, right? You can battle it out. You can have a debate on the subjects if you'd like. You can point out that the question is leading people astray. But once you start attacking the host, sincerely, calling them a fraud, calling them fake, once you start attacking the network, your ability to ever appear on those networks again, they disappear.


So the guys who are making these appearances, by and large, are doing it with a certain degree of politeness when they, when they come into those environments. Here's what Trump has that the rest of these guys don't. Trump is the president of the United States. He's got all the leverage. If he has a crappy interview with Kristen Welker, NBC is not gonna turn down an opportunity to talk to him again. They can't use the opportunity to appear on their network as leverage against him. He's just too big for them. That's the answer. And so it's thrilling. It's actually thrilling to watch him walk in there and then just smash through it and know that he can do anything he wants because he'll be back.


He can do it. And, and, and the second he says he is willing to do another NBC interview, they'll put him right back on the air again. He gets to do that. So that's a, that's the unique position Trump is in. Just to give you a, a sense of how this all works. And it does create some great television. It really does. So on China and the trade fight, let's go to cut two now, Kristen Welker confused that President Trump isn't lowering tariffs on China before they negotiate. Take a look. You Are not dropping the tariffs against China to get them to the negotiating table. Those why would tariffs are staying on. Why would I Do that? Would you lower them At some point? I'm gonna lower 'em because otherwise you could never do business with 'em. Yeah. And they wanna do business very much.


Look, their economy is really doing badly. Their economy is collapsing. Yeah, why would I do that? We haven't even started negotiating. What the hell are you talking about? Thank God Kristen Welker is not negoti negotiating our, our trade arrangements because she'd give up the farm before the negotiation even began. So think about how stupid this is. Trump imposes the tariffs in order to induce a negotiation. And Kristen Weer is asking, why aren't you dropping the tariffs before the negotiation? What, why in the world would he do that? That's crazy. Now, of course, you can't discount the fact that Kristen Welker is advancing tcom talking points to the extent, I don't know, to, to whatever extent shine NBC rather is exposed to Chinese influence, perhaps that's animating the way she's asking this question.


Drop the tariffs, why won't you drop the tariffs? You know, it's not like Kristen Welker is shopping on Temu. That's not her problem today. She's not worried about her shine deliveries from China. You know, she, she makes enough, she'll be fine. But she's asking him, why aren't you going easier on China right now? What, who, what country do you serve? NBC? What country do you think you represent? The National Broadcasting Corporation of what nation, exactly As she advocates for China's interests ahead of really meaningful and high stakes negotiations with the chi comms. Crazy. Again, it's, it's not surprising, but it is appalling what NBC is up to.


All right. Now here's a question. Let's, let me ask a question of the chat here. 'cause this is about to get really fun. I'm gonna, I'm gonna come back to this, but If you had your choice today, I'm gonna give you two people. If you had your choice today to be the next president of the United States after President Trump, would you take JD Vance or Marco Rubio? Those are the only two options available to you. I know there are others that people want out there, people, there's a lot of people want Don Donald Trump to be president for a third term. Amend the Constitution. Donald Trump Jr. Is some of the names I've heard. I'm not worried about all those outside names right now I'm asking you is between the two, If you had no choice but the two of them, JD Vance or Marco Rubio, because coming up, you'll know exactly why I'm ask.


I've given you those two options. Okay? Holy cow. The Vance response is huge here. And I've got, oh, We got the JD Vance emoji going up in the chat too. Yeah. Okay. So Vance, somebody said Major. Thank you for that. I don't think major's eligible to be eligible to be president of the United States. Not yet. We may have to amend the Constitution to accommodate that jd. Okay. All right. All right, everyone, I got the message. JD Vance is your guy. I got it. I got it. We'll come back to that in a moment. Trump was asked about the future of the MAGA movement this weekend, and here's what he said, take a, take a look at cut three, the future of the MAGA movement. You have built a political movement that has transformed the Republican Party, greatest industry.


It's transformed the country greatest, quite frankly, The greatest political movement in history. Maga, when you make America great again, when you Look to the future, Mr. President, do you think the MAGA movement can survive without you as its Leader? Yes, I do. What gives You, I think it's so strong, and I think we have tremendous people. I think we have a tremendous group of people. We talked about a number of them. You look at Marco, you look at JD Vance, who's fantastic. You look at, I could name 10, 15, 20 people right now, just sitting here. No, I think we have a tremendous party. And You know what? I can't name, I can't name one Democrat. I mean, I look at the Democrats, they're in total disarray.


I can name a lot of people, he said, but he didn't name a lot of people. He named two. He named JD Vance and Marco Rubio, I dunno about you. I got my brain moving this weekend. I'll play another clip in a moment that I'll help you help color along the lines. But I got, I was thinking about this. I'm not surprised about jd. JD seems obvious to me, and I've heard behind the scenes that President Trump does think JD Vance is the successor to the MAGA agenda. He does, he genuinely does. And that was one of the animating principles for why he chose him. It's a different game right now, choosing, You know, Mike Pence for round one. That's something, but Trump was gonna run for reelection.


Now, president Trump, this is his last term, he even says, so in this interview, I'll get to that. But he's thinking clearly, what does the future look like? What does the legacy look like? And who's gonna uphold that MAGA agenda? And the President has placed a lot of faith in JD Vance a lot, and truly does see him as his likely successor. But in terms of what he's saying in public, he's talking about this now. He's mentioning Marco Rubio, he's mentioning JD Vance. Now Marco's an interesting one for a bunch of reasons, but Marco Rubio is not the same guy he was when he signed onto that Gang of eight Amnesty Bill alongside Lindsey Graham all those many years ago. For those of you who remember that, you remember that, that was wild.


Not the kind of, not the Rubio I was looking to have become President of the United States. No, thank you very much. You can, you can stay away from the presidency if that's what you're gonna do. But the President now, taking him seriously, and I don't think that's by mistake. I think Rubio has made a meaningful transformation over the course of, of his career. And by the way, among us who hasn't, who hasn't changed your political views through the passage of time, to the extent that you've learned more information, you've, you've figured out more, you've, you've figured out kind of who was lying to you, who is dishonest to you, right? I mean, think about, for instance, the Iraq War. How many people went from a, a position in your life where you were enthusiastic in terms of your support for the Iraq War?


To looking back at it in retrospect, going, wait a second, we were sold a bill of goods. The Patriot Act is a perfect expression, right after nine 11, they passed the Patriot Act. It's for your protection. Have you noticed the Patriot ACT's been used to spy on you and to go after American citizens on a routine basis? Yeah. So there's, If you, If you don't allow the passage of time to help you adjust your priors, you're not a thinking person. You're not a serious person. And Rubio has demonstrated that he's a legitimately serious person who has changed his views and has come very much, much more in line, at least, at least as far as we can see in line with the America First agenda over time.


And he's a very eloquent defender of it. It's amazing to watch more on that in a moment. I got, I got, I've got more clips for you. And I do wanna talk about Marco Rubio. I, I had a chance years ago to see President Trump right after he got done on a, a debate stage with Marco Rubio. And it was one of the most hilarious moments of my life. I'll share that with you in just a second.


I wanna thank our sponsors. Did You know that Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They've got all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees and privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. And I love trees, man. I was like, it was literally, I, I don't know what this is, this is just being domesticated, I guess. I walked out in my yard the other day with my wife and I glanced upon our trees And I said, baby, look how beautiful the trees are. Look how gorgeous the trees are. And If you order from fast growing trees, they, they're truly gorgeous, beautiful, beautiful plants. Order online, get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. They're a live and thrive guarantee, ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Yeah, because you know, there's a lot of, there's a lot of decisions that have to be made. Like, will this plant grow well in this climate? You know, what zone am I in so I can plant these things? How much water will it need? What kind of fertilizing requirements does it have? What side of the house should I plant it on based on where the sun is coming from? This all matters this spring. They've got the best deals for your yard, up to half off on select plants and other deals. Listeners, viewers of this program get 15% off their first purchase when using the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-Growing trees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid for a limited time Terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast growing trees.com for details.


And let's also tell you about Blackout Coffee. Blackout Coffee is what I always have in my mug. I love Blackout Coffee. Love it. You know, I just really support this company because I adore Good Coffee and Blackout Coffee is great Coffee and the owner at Blackout is a guy called John. He's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing the compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense, just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this really is a brand that stands for the right values and delivers the perfect cup of coffee. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE, and you'll get 20% off your first order. Whether you like hold bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code, VINCE, for 20% off your first order. Okay?


All right, so here's what's going on with the, with the president. We've got, we've got this interview. He was talking about the future of the MAGA movement. And lemme take a detour for a moment into the Democrats and we'll get back to Trump's successor here. But he was asked about these Democrats, You know, what's going on with them? And Trump said they don't have a leader, they're in chaos right now. Take a look at cut four, the president. This is, this is the president. Can't stop bringing this up. The, the, the president can't stop bringing it. He brought this up when he was on this show a couple weeks ago. He was like, We got this Crockett character. She's crazy.


He brought Jasmine Crockett up again this time with Kristen Weer. And you know what? I can't name, I can't name one Democrat. I mean, I look at the Democrats, they're in total disarray. They have a new person named Crockett. I watched her speak the other day. She's definitely a low IQ person. And they said, she's the future of the party. I said, you have to be kidding. I don't know what they're gonna do. And I really believe in a two party system. I, because it's good to be challenged. It's really good to have a two party. You know, it's good. You being challenged is okay. It keeps you sharp. I don't know what they're gonna do. They have nobody, Bernie's 87 years old or something. And You know, Biden is the worst thing that ever happened to old people because he was grossly incompetent.


And I think maybe for artificial reasons, You know, he had operations, something. So maybe that's an artificial, but I know people that are unbelievably sharp and they're older than 87. But I watch Bernie Sanders, he's a nut job, but he's still sharp. He's sharp as he, he's the same guy he was. He hasn't gone down, down. But Biden is really, he's the worst thing to happen to old people. Yeah. You know, so funny listening to him. I love the empathy coming out of, at the beginning of the statement, And it may be a little bit of feigned empathy, but it, he did sound sincere when he was saying, look, I want a two party system because I think that If you have a respectable challenger, they make you better, right?


They, they sharpen you. They offer legitimate criticism, and you can become better as a result of that. He goes, this is a rudderless empty party, he said, and he is right. Jasmine Crockett, not impressive at all. He said she's a low IQ person. And if that's the leader of the party, that party is destined forever for the political wilderness. You need serious people at the top. He also rightly kind of sticks it to them and points out that Bernie Sanders has been treated like complete garbage by that party and not taken seriously. And then when it comes to Biden, we've got, we've got this Biden thing. He, he mentioned, he kind of alluded to this, that, that Joe Biden has had some, some real problems with his brain.


He said artificial that there were artificial problems with Biden. And what he's referring to is, this is a, I think even to this day is a little known detail about Biden. You know, Biden had multiple brain aneurysms and, and like, like really invasive surgery as a result of this. Fellas, can you pull up my screen here? Look at the Washington Post page. This is from May 14th of last year. It finally shows up. Last year, Biden once nearly died of an aneurysm, risky surgery, changed his life. This is a guy who's had brain problems his entire life. And the media to this very day pretends like they didn't detect this, this was known forever that he had this.


So the president alluding to that detail as he's, as he's talking there about what's going on with Joe Biden and that political party. So that's, that's wild. Now, JD Vance weighed in on this subject. The president's possible successor weighed in on this subject with Brett Bearer on Friday, did an interview and JD was asked, You know, who's in charge of these Democrats? And Vance goes, to be honest with you, to be honest with you, cut five. Well, it's President Trump. Take a look on the Democratic side. Do you think Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a OC is the, the new leader? Could it be fans, a OC in 2028, President, a OC, the stuff of nightmares.


Brett, thank you. You've ruined my sleep for this evening. Go. Who is the leader of the Democratic Party? I don't know, honestly. I think, do you think about it? I think to the extent that Democrats have a leader, Donald J. Trump is the leader of the Democratic Party. 'cause they're against him every 'cause. They're just against everything that he does. I mean, who could possibly disagree with rebuilding American manufacturing and ensuring these steel workers have higher wages and better jobs? But anytime Donald Trump does anything, they have this emotional response. They have to be against it. Who could disagree with deporting millions of illegal aliens? Many of whom are violent criminals. But they they have, they do. They have. And I think that what they do is, whenever Donald J. Trump does something, they react negatively to it. They don't have real leadership.


And I think it's why I'm not too concerned about 2028, because if I wake up in a fantasy world where the Democrats actually have constructive ideas about how to govern this country, that'll actually be a good thing. But if the in the world that we actually live in, where they're just anti-Trump about everything, the politics of 2028 will take care of the, I know the president talks about polls and he's not a Yeah, no, this is great. And just in case you're wondering, will that talking point be heard all over the place going forward? Yeah, I mean, I'm gonna reiterate, I think it's a great line. Yeah. You know, he's in charge of the Democrats right now, Trump, whatever he does, they just take the opposite. He takes the 80, they take the 20, he takes the 90, they take the 10, he takes the 97, they take the three.


Yes, I can do the math. These guys will measure themselves against what is Trump doing? Let's do the opposite. It's crazy. And that's how you get chaos in the United States. That's not constructive. That's not progressive. You're not heading towards any sort of positive outcome for the American people. You're just agents of chaos. A OC re remarkable. The president did talk about who could be the next president of the United States. And this gets back to the question I asked the chat earlier, who do you like JD Vance from Marco Rubio. JD Vance, the overwhelming favorite here. Let's take a look at the President now talking at least a little bit about who could be his successor.


Cut six, take a look. I know that you are only a hundred days in, but as we sit here today, who do you see as your successor, Mr. President? Well, I, it's far too early to say that, but I, You know, I do have a vice president and typically would be, and j D's doing a fantastic job, but He would be at the top of the list. It could very well be. I, I don't want to get involved in that. I think he's a fantastic, brilliant guy. Marco is great. There's a lot of 'em that are great. I, I also see tremendous unity. But certainly you would say that somebody's the vp. If that person is outstanding, I guess that person would have an advantage. But I think the other people would all stay in unbelievably high positions.


But, You know, it could be that he'd be challenged by somebody. We have a lot of good people in this party. Alright, so here's what I got to thinking about this weekend, about Rubio. I wonder if Marco Rubio said, I'll do the job of Secretary of State. I'm grateful that you're asking me, but I'll do it under this condition. I just ask that you don't commit to anybody to be your successor. Just let it be an open primary. I wonder if that was the conversation. Don't you? I mean, there's a bunch of reasons why President Trump is not in the mood right now to name a successor outright. One is the second he does, there's kind of a lame duck vibe that comes with that, isn't it? It's like, oh yeah, I'm the president now, but I'm just kind of prepping it for jd.


That's the whole point of this. JD is the air apparent. He's the guy who's coming. So you don't really wanna name someone right now to the, to the post. Another reason is because the second you do well, the knives, perhaps literal knives are out for that guy. They, they're already, they already hate JD Vance. They already hate Marco Rubio. The, the, the left is doing what it can to destroy them. But that effort kicks up to 11. The second the president of the United States, Donald Trump goes, that's my guy. That's my guy. So he is not doing that right now. But I, I do think that the president, look, You know, these guys, all these guys are ambitious. They, they're all jockeying.


I do think there's something, there's an animating feature behind the way. The president just answered that question. That's a, it's pretty, it's pretty interesting the way to, to see him answer that. And also, the last thing I'll say on this is by not making a declaration of who the pick is and saying, Hey, you guys are in the running. Do You know how good that makes them over the next three years? How good that makes them because now they feel all this pressure to deliver because this is true in any relationship, any negotiation, even dating you. Don't give it all away right away. Do you, If you do that, there's something kind of like sad and pathetic at the end of it, right?


That's true in a negotiation too. You don't give it all away right away. You kinda hold out, you kinda leave people guessing. Maybe you're gonna walk away from the table, maybe you're not gonna do the deal. The effect of that is it makes JD Vance the best he can possibly be. He works for this endorsement. He works to get the president's support. It's the same of Marco Rubio, Marco Rubio as Secretary of State. If it was just like, Hey, Rubio's gonna be the guy, well then Rubio can just do whatever he wants. He could mail it in a little bit. We don't want him mailing it even a little bit. We want him working his ass off for this country and for the president of the United States in order to earn the president's endorsement and your vote.


So there's, there are a lot of very good reasons that the president is not in the mood to name a successor right now and wants people to think of that, including perhaps the people who are competing for it. To think that it's a real open fight right now, but fun to see. And You know, it's the kind of conversation I know that you have and I have too. You sit around your, your, your kitchen table, have a couple drinks, you are like, who do you think is up next? Man, I hope JD Vance is the next president of the United States. That guy's got some skill. I just wanna see these guys fight for it, you know, because in the end, they still gotta earn your vote as good as they are now, who knows? We're all watching you. We're gonna watch you over the next course of these next few years and You know, you gotta deliver.


You gotta deliver. Really, really important stuff. Alright, let's, let's get into, oh, and if the third term question, you know, Trump, there, there's Trump 2028 hats that are being sold, 20, 28 hats that are being sold and the left is freaking out over it. And some lefties are warning, other lefties don't freak out. He's just trying to troll you, which has been hysterical. The president here cut seven, weighs in on this chatter about a third term. Look, are you Seriously considering a third term, Mr. President, even though it's prohibited by the constitution? Or is this about staying politically viable? I will say this, so many people want me to do it.


I have never had requests so strong as that, but it's something that to the best of my knowledge, you're not allowed to do. I don't know if that's constitutional, that they're not allowing you to do it or anything else, but there are many people selling the 2028 hat. But this is not something I'm looking to do. I'm looking to have four great years and turn it over to somebody. Ideally a great Republican. A great Republican to carry it forward. But I think we're gonna have four years, and I think four years is plenty of time to do something really spectacular. All right. So yeah, I saw somebody just pointed at Van Van Hallion in the chat that the, that Kristen Welker was looking for a soundbite to use against him.


That is true. The whole point of that question was to get the president to kind of dither on the response and he and haw and equivocate and then NBC could get a whole full blown news cycle out of, oh, Trump is trying to be a dictator. He is an authoritarian. He is trying to run for a third term. And You know, among the ways that a third term would be achievable would be you can amend the Constitution. So there is a path to doing this, although it's a, it's almost insurmountable. But regardless, the NBC was looking for a full week of invented news stories about President Trump the authoritarian. That's what they were looking for. Now, he didn't deliver on this. And let me tell you right now, that answer, as crystal clear as it was, as crystal clear as it was, the media are not going to spend much time talking about it.


And in fact, very likely are gonna ignore it outright and are still gonna suggest to you to the extent that that gets remembered at all, that, oh, he's just Trump. He says wherever he has to at the time, he still wants a third term. You're gonna see a lot of that. You're gonna see a lot of that. But again, he gave a declarative statement there he is like, look, can't do it. And I hope a very great Republican is there to succeed me because we need that. And again, the names that he brings up this weekend, JD Vance and Marco Rubio, fascinating to hear that. And now, and then, and then in terms of his legacy, the president said, look, it's very simple. I just wanna be a great president. Take a look at cut eight. I Wanna be a great president.


I will have served. Hopefully everything will go well. I feel very good. I just did a physical, I took, unlike all other presidents, I took cognitive tests and I aced it. I got a hundred percent correct. And the doctor, one doctor said there were numerous doctors watching, and he said, I've never seen that before. Mm. Biden didn't take a cognitive, he couldn't have gotten the first question. Right. But I came out great with a physical, both physically and mentally, and I just wanna serve, do a great job. I'll be an eight year president, I'll be a two term president. I always thought that was very important, to be honest with you, You know? Yeah. If you look at President Polk, he was a one term, and he did some great things, actually pretty good president.


And I'm not saying you can't do that, but there's something about being a two term president that was very important to me. Yeah. So good answer from the president of the United States, and he says, look, I'm, I just wanna be a two term president and I'm happy about that. And he wants his legacy cemented going forward. So somebody good has to come in behind him. No question. Hey, I mentioned earlier, I, I don't wanna forget and leave this out, that I would tell you a quick story about President Trump and Marco Rubio back in the 2016 election. I was with a bunch of daily caller people to include Tucker Carlson. We, we had just gone to the New Hampshire primary debate, the primary debate that happening just ahead of the New Hampshire primaries, of course.


And it was a very snowy night in New Hampshire. And so we are rented, You know, SUVI think we had like a suburban or a Tahoe all-wheel drive. We pile into the vehicle and we head off to a steakhouse that's in town right nearby where the debate took place. It was one of the few restaurants that was even open during the snowstorm. And we were able to get in and there was almost nobody in the restaurant. We looked around, there was maybe a reporter or two that we had seen on the campaign trail who were there, but we had most of the restaurateur ourselves. So we were sitting at this, this table altogether, it was like eight or 10 of us sitting there. And You know, about 15 minutes into dinner, the secret service come in, they will start walking into the room and they begin scanning the whole restaurant.


They're going table by table. There's a guy, some of the secret service, they go back to the kitchen area, they go back by the bathrooms. They, they call him the whole place. And at this point, You know, at we had no idea who it could be. We had a hunch only, only a limited number of the candidates had secret service protection at the time. But among them, of course, was the front runner, president Trump. Well, at the time, just Donald Trump running for president of the United States. And so, You know, your ma mind starts moving. You're like, who is coming into the restaurant, dude? And, and just a few minutes later, president Trump walks into the steakhouse alongside him. The entire Trump family comes in the front door and they start walking to their table.


They have this table that they had set up for them in the back corner of the, of the restaurant. But as they go, their path takes him right past our table. And President Trump, Donald Trump sees Tucker and stops at the table. He goes, Tucker and Trump. Trump Tucker was like, Hey, Mr. Trump. So they start talking, and then at that point, Trump starts introducing his whole family to all of us around the table, all the, all the daily caller people, various reporters that he is aware of. It was great, it was great, And it was a great moment. But the funniest thing was, it was just after the debate. So Rubio had a challenging debate against Trump that night. And Trump turns to the table and he goes, did you guys see Rubio? Did you see Rubio up there?


He was sweating. He had sweat pouring down his face. He was just sweating the whole time. Ugh. It was disgusting. He said, all this sweat going on. And I just remember cracking up at how funny it was. I was like, this guy, he's like, he's the same everywhere. He was the same everywhere. And so he went down, they, the, the whole family went and they sat in their, had their steak. And the only time in my life I had a doubt about Trump was when I found out that he ordered his steak well done that night. And I said, what? He ordered a steak well done. It's his only weakness that I'm aware of. Actually, I'm not a Diet Coke guy either. But the, the ordering the steak well done was a little too much for me. I had, at that moment, I had my doubts.


I was like, I don't know about this guy, but he's proved me wrong ever since. So he can eat a steak. Well done. I'll eat it medium rare on his behalf. I'll make it even more rare just to cover for 'em. But, but yeah, the well done steak. That was, that was too much. The Secret Service guys were great though. They big, big daily caller readers. We found out lots of conservatives among the Secret Service. That was, that was a blast. Anyway, very, very, very cool to see that. Alright, let me, let me get to what's going on with the, the border. Oh, yeah. People are asking about the steak. Yeah, he likes his steak. Well done apparently with ketchup. I've seen reports on that. I didn't see, I didn't, I didn't drift over to the table to see if he had dumped ketchup on it. But again, the well done steak thing, that's a real thing.


We, we did the reporting at the steakhouse. We were able to establish that. That's a real thing. But again, I think all of us, so just, just to make up for him, you should eat your steak. A little more rare to make up for President Trump to just help him out. All right. The border, the border is locked up tight. It's locked up so tight that even Kristen Welker at NBC has detected that nobody is crossing the border. Take a look. Cut 10 Kristen Wilker asking about, Hey, just how awesome is this border? Let's talk about the border. Okay, let's talk about deportations. Border crossings are at their lowest level ever recorded. Is the border secure? Is that good? Is the border now secure? Yeah, It's really secure.


It's absolutely secure. Isn't, when you say that, doesn't that just sound good? After being abused for years by an incompetent president, that allowed people to pour through an open border criminals from all over the world, murderers and insane people from mental institutions and insane asylums, isn't it, isn't it a beautiful thing when you say it's the most secure it's ever been in the history of our country? Yeah. Isn't that a nice statement? Now I, I have to tell you, there's a reason she was doing that. Of course, there's a, there's always a game plan. She thought that she would bait him in. She would draw him in, and then she would be able to hit him. That's what she thought.


And the reason for that is because the way she structured this is let's talk about how the borders finally secure. Oh, yeah. The borders secure. Trump says what followed after that clip I just played for you is she goes, okay, that means you can get rid of the national emergency on the border now. Right? Right. And Trump very masterfully navigated through that. He said, wait a second. Hold up. There's still a national emergency. We've got millions of illegals in our country right now who shouldn't be here. That's a national emergency. We have lots of killers, rapists, thieves, people who are here in the country who should not be in the country. We need to get rid of them. So is the emergency continuing? Yes, it is.


He very carefully and clearly explained, but she was trying to bait him into a moment. And President Trump, having interviewed him a bunch, what ends up happening is the second you say something he wants to leap on, he will leap on it. So the second she says, Hey, the border's very secure. She's like, he, he jumps in. He is like, yes, yes. Isn't it great? Isn't it amazing that we can now be having that conversation, not one that we could have over the last few years. So he's, he's got a lot to be proud of. That border thing is amazing, and it's beyond what I even expected. I was, I was very much looking forward to President Trump reversing the decline from the last four years and getting, trying to get, trying to get control of this border. He's more than done that now.


People are self deporting from the United States as we speak. Amazing achievement, amazing achievement. Kristin Weer would go on here in this interview to start fearmongering about fictional, lawful residents getting deported from the United States of America. Take a look at cut 11. This is, this is the kind of thing you're gonna encounter as you go out into the wilderness and talk to lefties in your life. Oh, president Trump is deporting American citizens. Not true. No matter how many times you say it. Take a look, Mr. President, should lawful residents of this country start carrying paperwork with them when they leave their homes to able to, I Don't think that'll be necessary. But what you're not saying is that many people have been killed, maimed, badly hurt by illegal immigrants that came over that are from prisons and from jails and from mental institutions, and they're hurting our people.


And if we don't get 'em out, we're not gonna have a country for long. Very, we need honest. Yeah, we need honest media and we need walls. We need to have borders. And by the way, I built a lot of walls. And if we didn't do that, we wouldn't be able to have those, You know, we would not be able to have the kind of numbers if I wasn't successful in building hundreds of miles of wall. Yeah. A really, a really good achievement here. And as the President notes, let's get my screen up, fellas. I've got an update for you. We're getting bad people out of the country rapidly. I am hearing, I'm telling you, I'm hearing such good in Intel right now about all of the collaboration between the various agencies to get these guys outta the country.


Look here, I'm gonna move that a little bit so people can see it more clearly. Immigration and customs enforcement is nabbing, racists, child rapists, excuse me, perhaps racists too. Rapists, Child Predators, gang members in a deportation blitz Throughout this past week, marking 100 days in office, ice agents have carried out a series of very high profile arrests of dangerous illegals, according to a document that's now been shared with the Daily Caller News Foundation. And lemme just go down the list right here. They've got a, they picked up a guy called Ludwig, Ivan Castaneda Gonzalez, a 33-year-old Mexican National in Michigan this week, according to DHS, his criminal history includes conviction for criminal sexual conduct involving children 13 to 15 years old.


And additionally, in Texas, they picked up Jesus IGA Gomez, a 61-year-old Mexican illegal for his record of aggravated sexual assault of a child. And so they, they're getting rid of that guy. Another one, sanctuary city of Los Angeles, Christian Robles Andrade, 34-year-old Mexican illegal, was who was pictured here with tattoos all over his body. He's described as an active gang member with ties to the Eighth Street Gang. He goes by the nickname, tiny, of course. He goes, he goes by the nickname, tiny. Every gang needs a tiny, and according to DHS documents, his criminal history includes conviction for voluntary manslaughter in Los Angeles. Here's another guy that busted for rape and abuse of a child, child porn, witness intimidation in Boston.


Here's another guy. This, this guy keeps getting arrested, keeps coming back into the country. We've got more seven counts of possession of child pornography. We're getting bad people out of the country. And these are people who Biden knew was here, who Biden knew was here, and he let them stay, or whoever, whoever knew, let them stay during the Biden area. Boy, oh boy. Well, I think that's, that's that about wraps up VINCE today. Hey, congratulations to sovereignty at the Kentucky Derby. Sovereignty won the derby beating journalism. That's right. Journalism. Journalism takes another out, Won the move as they turn for home in sovereignty.


Another is coming with him On the Big W for sovereignty Is coming with him on the outside. The two, two of them go right by with a furlough to run journalism and sovereignty, nose to nose down to the last 16th of a mile. Sovereignty has taken the lead. Journalism is second toward the side by third, but it will be sovereignty to rule the Kentucky Sovereignty wins again. Take that globalist. Good to have you with us on VINCE. I'll see you tomorrow, right here on this program, nationwide Radio Show Live 12 to three each day. On rumble.com/ VINCE.