(3s):
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Listen, I am not a political strategist. I am an opinion commentator. I have a show. I enjoy my show. There's power in an audience. One of the greatest powers in the world is the power to command attention. Correct? Right? You don't need to have legislative or executive power to move the needle. The Bongino Army's strong because there's a lot of us, right? Why are there a lot of us? There are a lot of us because we happen to get out ahead of the stories and be three to four, sometimes six months ahead of a story. One of the things I told you about a while ago that you're now seeing materialized through power, I mean actual formal executive power that we don't have.

(50s):
I'm not the president. We all get that. Donald Trump is President Trump. Now, one of the things you're seeing that we discussed early is, wait, do I have it? Yes I do. Hold on. Is the Dan Bonino Rockham Sock Robots Theory of Politics? You gotta punch this dude right in the grill. Hey, get in there. Knock this suck real. The Rockham Soccer, oh, they, I rock em. Socked them myself. Jasmine, We Need a new rock. Jasmine, we just brought on Jasmine as our business manager. Jasmine, go. Can you get us a new Rockham sock robot?

(1m 31s):
No, it didn't break. It didn't break. These things take a lick at and keep on taking. Don't rock him. Sock Roman. No, this is not the Trump dance. Okay? I told you that this is what Donald Trump was gonna do with you. Right? Not look at that. His knuckles still ready to go. Yeah, baby. He just keeps firing bombs at them. What's the benefit tactically, tactically speaking, tactical politics to rock em. Soum Robots. The second the media wants to complain about, oh my gosh, January 6th, pardons. Oh my gosh. Look at this permitting EO that's gonna, the environment's gonna explode the second they wanna complain about that. He hits 'em with something else. Right before we got on the air, he dropped another true social bomb about Russia ending the war.

(2m 17s):
The media didn't know what to do. Rock 'em. So 'em. Robots. It's nice that it looks like the Trump dance. This is the way to roll. Steve Bannon calls it Flood the Zone. Another great name. I don't care what you call it. The me and Bannon probably have the top two MAGA podcasts out there. There's a reason that they're up there because we're right. This is what you have to do. I got a big show for you today. Thank you for bearing with me yesterday. Special time yesterday due to the Get Flying Home debacle. But we're here. I slept like a champion. I was snoring like crazy last night 'cause I was so tired.

(2m 54s):
Big show. Try Beams. Dream Powder. I, I know I did that. I beat you to the punch. I know where you were going with that. Try Beam's Dream Powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout.

(3m 7s):
Today's show also brought to you by zip picks nicotine toothpicks. You know I was a big fan of there. Caffeine toothpicks. Still am I? Take 'em with me everywhere. Zippers brings you a totally satisfying, convenient, and great tasting way to help curb your nicotine cravings. Now you can get your nicotine fix anytime, anywhere without having a reliance, smoking or vaping. ZIPPs toothpicks give you an easier, better, and more discreet way to help get your fix. They're available in sixth grade long lasting flavors. They have options in two milligram and three milligrams and nicotine. They taste pretty good. This is one of the most cost effective nicotine products on the market and are proudly made in the USA. ZIPPs also offers caffeine and B12 infused toothpicks. I use those. If you're not a nicotine user or if you're trying to get away from your nicotine habit. They're really convenient. I keep a few in my pocket a little container. Ditch the cigarettes. Ditch the vape. Get some nicotine infuse toothpicks@zippickstoothpicks.com today. Zip more, smoke less. Zip picks nicotine toothpicks. Get 10% off your first order by using Cone Dan at checkout. It's Z-I-P-P-I-X toothpicks.com. Zip picks toothpicks.com. Must be 21 enrolled to order warning product contain nicotine contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.

(4m 14s):
Ladies and gentlemen, the first bell back in the studio for the regularly scheduled time at 11:00 AM So good to be here. How many people we got there? 70,000 people. Four minutes in. Nice. Yesterday. I think we were the three or four on the live stream charts. Oh, no, actually we were number two. I'm sorry. We just lost to some live coverage of the news. So thank you for supporting the live stream. I'd really love to see you here live, but If you have to watch on demand, that's okay. 11:00 AM Eastern every day. Rock em. So robots, Ladies and gentlemen, it is happening already. I told you it was gonna happen. This is the way to do it. The media wants to practice because this show believes in deciphering for you how political tactics work.

(4m 54s):
So Alinsky, as you know, is a left wing organizer. So Alinsky was a bad guy, but he wasn't a stupid guy. One of So alinsky's rules is isolate the target. In other words, If you don't focus all your fire on one person, you're never gonna break the enemy's line. You gotta concentrate fire in one direction. When one guy's shooting this way, one guy's shooting that way, you have, you don't have a concentrated effect of a volley going in one direction. You gotta isolate the target. Trump is making it really hard to isolate the target by giving them a hundred targets to target. So here's the Trump true social post on Russia, by the way, saying he's gonna cut a deal.

(5m 34s):
The media's losing their minds about this. But yesterday they were losing their minds about this cut right here. Here is Tom Holman. The borders are saying, Hey man, you thought we were kidding about these raids? As they're losing their minds about the raids, they're trying to lose their minds about HEGs and the Russia thing, but they can't rock 'em. Sock 'em robots. This is the way to do it. Hit 'em every single day with 10 more things. Here's Tom Holman on. They were dead serious about these raids. Check this out. Based On your initial schedule that today roundups of criminal, illegal aliens in the process of deporting them would begin. That seems to have been put on hold for a little while. When can we expect that to happen? Where will it begin? No, it started if we, it has started.

(6m 15s):
Ice teams are out there as of today. We gave 'em the direction to prioritize public safety threats that we're looking for that we've been working on the target list. There was some discussion about Chicago because the O Pacific Operational Plan was released. So we had to look at and reevaluate, does this raise officer safety concerns? And it does. But we've addressed that and team show all perspective today. Now Of course the media's dying to do what? They're dying to put out pictures. Oh my gosh, here's someone crying. Here's another person crying. Notice the media's not covering the family of Lake and Riley and others as they're gonna ready to sign the lake and Riley act, who I assure you shed a whole lot of tears about the tragic loss of their daughter.

(6m 58s):
Notice how the media chooses to focus on you. The American people getting screwed over by a group of people violating the law, but they focus on the people violating the law. Not you. You see how they do this? So this is what the beauty of Rockham sock and robots. The minute he hits him with this, he hits him with something else. Here is a a Trump commenting on, Hey man, we're gonna designate these cartels. He's in the Oval Office here, which is a great sight to see. By the way, I've been there many times. Love it. Here he is commenting on, you know, those drug cartels. We're gonna treat them like terror groups. And I love the way he just leaves it an open-ended question. Hey, you're gonna have special operations teams go in there and like wipe these guys out.

(7m 39s):
I don't know, maybe, maybe not. I guess they'll have to look over their shoulders for the rest of their life. That's, that's the way to do it. Keep them guessing. Watch this President Trump. If cartels are now gonna be seen as foreign terror organizations, would you think about ordering US special forces into Mexico To take them out? Could happen. Stranger things have happened, Stranger things have happened. That's the way to do it. Keep 'em guessing, man. Don't tell 'em your plan. Just kick 'em in the nuts when they have no cup on. That's exactly how to do it.

(8m 22s):
Here's another one, Nick Sorter on Twitter, just in President Trump's Department of Homeland Security just fired the entire advisory committee citing misuse of resources. Biden's, DHS funneled billions to facilitating illegal immigrants. So this move is much needed. DHS is finally getting an overhaul. Again, every single time they try to focus on, oh my gosh, Pete h said, oh my gosh, Tulsi Gabbard. Oh my gosh, we've got border raids coming. They don't know what to hear. Of course are the memorandums. You can see 'em for yourself. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to do because they can't focus on a story because Trump won't let them This. Listen to me folks, this is the mistake they know they made in 2016.

(9m 3s):
It's not their fault. They were new to politics. Trump's benefit in 2016 to you was he was new to politics. The downside to being new to politics is they were unfamiliar with the process. Trump was a businessman, a real estate, running a real estate empire. He wasn't familiar with the machinations of politics every day. Now he gets it. This is why Trump term two, as I said on my radio show yesterday, I told you the fact that he's in no, no rush right now, not no rush, excuse me, and no under no pressure for reelection is the benefit. Everybody said, oh my gosh, this is terrible. He's gonna be a lame duck. He's not a lame duck at all. He's got his sons, they could run. He's got JD who could run.

(9m 44s):
He's not a lame duck at all. Now he doesn't have the pressure for reelection and that's why all this stuff is happening. He's hitting people all at once with all of this stuff and they don't know what to do. Here's another one. They were attempted to lose their minds. Over here is the commandant to the US Coast Guard. Linda Fagan, as Libs of TikTok points out, has been terminated. Apparently he spent more of her time worried about DEI initiatives rather than this thing called the border. You know, we have a coastline that's kind of like our border on the ocean. Maybe that's what we should focus on. Drug interdiction, illegal migrants, and this other stuff. Here is your former commandant of the US Coast Guard that Donald Trump unceremoniously gave the boot to check this out.

(10m 25s):
We, We currently have nearly 40% women enrolled at the Coast Guard Academy. I'm really excited about the, the talent and the diversity that I see coming, coming through the academy. Yeah, you shouldn't get too excited. There's nothing to get excited about. I'll tell you what, I'm excited about you exiting the United States Coast Guard folks. We are back to merit. We are back to rockham. So, and robots. We are back to a president who gets it. We are back to a president who understands the world transactionally. 'cause that's how the world is. You wanna get involved in emotions. This is the wrong show. We're not doing it. I'm telling you, you're making a mistake. I'm, I'm just trying to protect you for our P ones and the people who love the show.

(11m 5s):
You're here because you want results. That's why you're here and that's why I respect you and I hope you respect me back. I'm guessing by the audience we have every single day. You guys understand this is the results show. It's not the emotion show. This guy did this to me in the past. This guy was great in the past. Now he's bad. This guy was bad in the past. Now he's good. I don't care. All I care about is the now and what you're doing now to advance the football. And the Bottom line is Donald Trump is a results guy. Results we have not gotten with George W. Bush, Ronald Reagan, anyone else? Reagan took eight years. I loved Reagan. I'm a huge fan of a lot of what Reagan did. Not knocking the guy, he's long since passed. I'm simply telling you, this guy is in the fo portion of the F around and find out book that's sitting right on his desk right now and he's hitting them with rock sock robots.

(11m 56s):
Here's Ian Yeager on Twitter, breaking former Secretary of Homeland Security. Jay Johnson said there could be mass resignations from the DOJ following Trump's decision to pardon the January 6th prisoners. I got a section coming up on January 6th, pardons in a second. So have no fear. We'll get to that as well. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know how this is a bad thing. You've got a bunch of deep state swamp rats who were perfectly okay with a weaponized process to target people. I'm not telling you nobody did a single thing wrong on January 6th. That's not this show. It's not, it'll never be this show. I'm telling you the full story, what happened that day has been hidden for a long time because they don't want you to know about federal involvement on that day.

(12m 38s):
They don't want you to know who the pipe bomber is and until they're willing to disclose who was who, who did what and who was on, well, you know, who, who was there on the scene that day then? I'm not willing to take their word for anything. And there is zero chance the process was fair to those people. Zero. You're telling me BLM and Antifa burned down American cities barely a, an area a person served a day in jail outside of a few people who were given sweetheart deals. And yet If you were in capitol that day, you did. You, you have to go through this communist like process. Bullshit. You wanna resign? Resign. See you later. Here's Trump's true social post and yet another one that removing appointees by the thousands from the president's office.

(13m 23s):
Here are four people dismissed. Jose Andres, mark Millie, goodbye. Brian Hook from the Wilson Center and Keisha Lance Bottoms from the President's export Council. He notes at the bottom. You're fired. All caps, exclamation point folks, this is only just to the lefties now and to the media people who I know what you're doing. I know you're getting ready to line up all your resources. We are not gonna let you do what you did last time. You have no influence. 30% of America, 70% doesn't trust you. 30% of Americans think you're reliable. 70% think you're not. You are in no position of power.

(14m 2s):
Understand, you were negotiating for me, very sincere point of weakness right now, I say that from the bottom of my heart. You could get your credibility back, but you're making no effort to do it 'cause you're using the same exact battle plan you did in 2016. Argue about crowd size. Call Elon a Nazi. It didn't work for you in 2016. You stole it in 2020. It didn't work for you in 2024 and you're trying it again, Folks, it's not gonna happen. Robbie Starbuck will be on my radio show later. I don't know If you know Robbie Starbuck. He's a really good guy. He's been an activist against DEI for a long time. Robbie Starbuck has a, a fascinating tweet up here too.

(14m 43s):
And NSA whistleblower alerted him that the NSA is now attempting to hide their DEI programs from Trump by be renaming it, the Equal Opportunity and Accessibility Group. As you can see, the training is the same and you'll find DEIA as a trade craft must be stopped. Folks, people within the federal government understand right now that if they change the title and if their bosses vouch for them, that they may be able to escape, may be able to escape this total personnel warfare I've been talking about. We are not gonna let it happen. Robbie will be on my radio show at 1:30 PM Eastern today to talk about it. Why is it not gonna happen? Here's a warning to deep state insiders. I'm, again, I, I I I'm, I'm trying to help the administration, but this may defacto help you.

(15m 28s):
Two resign. Now, whistleblowers are everywhere. You are not gonna be able to get away with this stuff. There is zero chance it is not gonna happen. Robbie has whistleblowers inside corporate America, inside the government. You are not going to be able to do it epic times As Trump Takes the Wheel. Big corporations extricate themselves from DEI. Corporations are starting to realize there were on no legal grounds. Folks, did you see Donald Trump ordering his, the Department of Education, DOJ and others to look into these discrimination programs in colleges where Asian Americans, Jewish Americans, white Americans are discriminated against?

(16m 15s):
You treat people according to their skin color. You're gonna treat people unequally. I thought we'd learn that lesson. Apparently not. Folks, you cannot let the media concentrate their fire. You have to remember in 2016, this all started with the Mike Flynn episode. They understood if they could isolate and target Mike Flynn and if the incoming administration got bogged down and they hit them with these fake collusion allegations, that that's what they would focus on and everything else would go by the wayside. The Trump team has learned about this. They're telling as, as they, they attack their nominees.

(16m 55s):
They say, ah, that's bullshit. That's bullshit. We're moving on. And they're hitting him with another one you hit him with. He hit him with Bobby Kennedy, hit him with Tulsi Gabbard. Then they can't focus on one person. I wanna focus on the status of the Trump cabinet. What's coming together. This is important stuff. There is a new foe allegation against Pete Hegseth. I hate to even address this stuff, but strategically you have to understand what they're doing. They're grasping right now at straws. They have nothing on the guy. They're afraid Pete is gonna come in there and dismantle this woke military operation they've been putting together forever that's meant to destroy the United States from within. And they are grasping at straws, at straws to try to stop it.

(17m 35s):
It's not gonna work. It's all a scam. I'll show you what I mean. Coming up next. Lemme take a quick break and I'll get right back to that. Well, no, not that one. There we go.

(17m 44s):
Today's show brought to you by Patriot Mobile. Listen, we may have won this election and the fight to restore our great nation, but it's only beginning. Now's the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company that believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responder heroes. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. That 100% US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan. So right now, go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.

(18m 50s):
As I told you what my rockham SOCOM robots theory, again banning calls it, flood the zone, call it whatever you want. It doesn't matter to me. It's the strategy that matters. If you flood the zone, you cannot have them focus and isolate the target because there's no target to isolate. Okay? They're trying this now with Pete. I don't know If you missed this story. I broke kind of last night. I say story loosely because it's totally fabricated. How do I know it's fabricated? Because the parties to the story are all denying it. Pete, the wife, the family, everyone else, Senate learns of new allegations against Hegseth. The defense secretary nominees former sister-in-law and an affidavit said she witnessed his drunken aggression and that his second wife worried about her safety.

(19m 36s):
Fascinating story. Why do I say fascinating? Because they reached out to the second wife. You would think the second wife would have something to say about it, right? I mean, it's her story. The second wife said, these claims are totally inaccurate, they're ridiculous. And that she was contacting her attorney and that no one speaks for her. That's kind of fascinating that the media, that pride supposedly prides themselves on independent journalism, you know, democracy dies in the darkness at all, has the opportunity to speak to the woman directly. She entirely completely refutes the the story and then they run it anyway.

(20m 18s):
I mean, what about the woman who claims she was molested by Joe Biden? Did she ever get her story in the media? What about the showers story in the diary with Joe Biden stuff? Is that ever get, is that any, any play in the media? Chuck Ross knows. Here's the mechanism at play with the Hegseth allegation. It's the same as the Seal dossier. A source provides an allegation to official channels. The Senate went and looked for this, the Democrat Senate, it that makes it reportable for news outlets, whether the underlying claim is accurate or not. You see what Chuck, who he's at Chuck Rust, he see good follow by the way. Chuck Ross covered the Russia collusion, hoax and Spygate as well as anyone. Here's what Ross is. This is the media scam.

(20m 60s):
If a party makes an allegation against a Democrat, first the story's ignored and buried. If a source comes through to confirm the story, then they attack the source and make sure they make the story about the source and then bury it. If the story still makes it through to the mainstream media about a Democrat and the source winds up somehow breaking through the media wall of silence, what do they do? They write a story about Republicans pouncing. The story becomes about the Republican reaction to it. It doesn't become about the Democrat, the De Democrat story. You get it. Ignore the story at first. Attack the source if the story's confirmed by the source. If that doesn't work, if ignore the story by focusing on the Republican's reaction.

(21m 44s):
Put Republicans pounce on Adam Schiffs. This is what they do. Every thank you, every single. I always forget we have that every single time. This is what they do. But when it's an allegation against the Republican, Chuck Ross is correct, what you do is you have a Democrat senator initiate a fake investigation into which RJ know is false. Pete said drunk and aggressive. They know it's fake. Okay, so what do they do? They go out and search for someone who doesn't like Pete. They get them to say something that fits the narrative, true or not. The media then says, well, we can't confirm it, but I want you to know left-wing comedy Senator Dick Durbin is talking about this with someone.

(22m 24s):
And it's a way to get the story out there without getting the story out there and doing actual journalism to confirm it. You see what they do every single time, Ladies and gentlemen. It's called the wrap up smear. Where have we heard that before? Nancy Pelosi, who's usually tactically pretty smart, was once dumb enough to air how exactly this works. The wrap up smear by telling you how they do what they do. If you've not seen this clip, this is one of those save and preserves and show it to your lefty friends later. 'cause she's describing how it doesn't matter if it's true or not. All that matters is the smears out there. They wrap it up and they run away. Don't listen to me, listen to her.

(23m 6s):
Check this out. It's a Self-fulfilling problem. You demonize and then you, we call it the wrap up smear. If you wanna talk politics, you call it the wrap up smear. You smear somebody with falsehoods and all the rest, and then you merchandise it and then you write it and they'll say, see, it's reported in the press that this, this, this, and this. So they have that validation that the press reported the smear, and then it's called the wrap up smear. Now I'm gonna merchandise the press is report on the smear that we, I mean, she's laying out the left wing. So Alinsky type game plan for you.

(23m 47s):
I mean, what, what part of this could you possibly be confused about? She's telling you how they do it. This is how they make this stuff up. And if it wasn't for a biased, ridiculously biased left wing media that would give this stuff oxygen, this fire would die out. Don't be depressed about it though. I don't mean today's show. This is a, a glorious week. I I I'm telling you man, from Monday on this has just been something really spectacular for me to live through, to see Donald Trump in the greatest political survival story we've ever seen in our lifetime. It's really incredible this week. And the good news is, again, the Democrats are out of power. The Democrats brand is at the lowest public approval rating globally.

(24m 30s):
I showed you that story the other day, and it's been in years. The media's lost its power to get a narrative across. Their solinsky type tactics have been exposed by this show, Bannon and others. You now see it in advance. I always use that blood bath analogy with the car thing, how they tried to make that stick and we totally, completely defeated them. Nothing they're doing is working anymore. Everything we're doing is working. But they are trying to throw the, the know and cliche, the monkey wrench in the machinery. But they are trying to do it to stop these nominees from getting appointed quickly and to have a Trump government from functioning.

(25m 13s):
See this reported on Twitter, Democrats are desperate to stop Trump from making America great again. Freshman Senator Schiff placed a seven day hold on. Pam Bondy's. Confirmation is Trump's attorney general. Folks, this is only meant to happen because Adam Schiff is a lunatic. His donors are pushing him to quote, do something even if the something is counterproductive. There's absolutely no reason to stop this other than you're bought off by the donor class. It wants you to cause chaos. There's no reason to stop this whatsoever. Yesterday there was another debacle too, folks, one of the things I'm most proud of, and I've been a small part of this, but it's a, it's, it's, it's one of our prouder moments is this show's focus on dismantling the DEI infrastructure of the left.

(26m 2s):
There's a business in it being a racist. There's a business in it on the left. People like Robbie Starbuck and others out there have done a lot of legwork on this. But I'm proud to be a part of this. This is what destroyed the left. I would, I'd say outside of the border and inflation, this is one of the top three issues, been their focus on identity politics. And it's for a reason. The reason this destroyed the left is it's not a victimless crime. Playing identity politics is a zero sum game. There isn't a person in America right now who doesn't know someone who's been a victim of this. You don't meet the appropriate racial or sexual orientation category.

(26m 43s):
You were passed up for a promotion. Asian Americans kept outta colleges with a, you know, perfect SAT score, the college they want 'cause they weren't the preferred minority. This stuff has impacted everyone and it pisses people off. If there is one single cultural political issue at the time, inflation being economic, the border being national security that is decimated and will continue to decimate the left. It is without a doubt, this focus on DEI. So what happens yesterday, I'm gonna get into this in a little detail because this matters to me. Having done advanced work in the past, we can't have this going forward.

(27m 24s):
Donald Trump, JD Vance and their families in this tradition that happens just about every cycle, which is probably done now thanks to this lady who destroyed it, goes through this national prayer service thing the day after the inauguration. Just so you know, it pretty much happens in every presidential inauguration afterwards. This is probably the end of it. You can thank this Bishop. She's really a political activist, deserves no respect from you at all. And this fake bishop in church decides it's a good idea from the pulpit to attack Donald Trump with a political speech. Now, let me say in advance, 'cause I'm not a hypocrite. You may be surprised by that. I don't mind addressing political issues in church at all.

(28m 5s):
Matter of fact, father Marty, who's a good friend, has no problem whatsoever going after current issues and tying it to faith and religion. I'm not a fraud. What I have a problem with is the decorum here. This is a national unity prayer breakfast for Donald Trump. If you don't like Donald Trump and his issues, then you are not the person to speak there. You take this as an opportunity to ruin the whole thing for everybody. Watch this debacle. Check this out. In the name of our God, I ask you to have mercy upon the people in our country.

(28m 45s):
We're scared. Now, there are gay, lesbian and transgender children in Democratic Republican and independent families. Some who fear for their lives and the people, the people who pick our crops and clean our office buildings who labor and poultry farms and meat packing plants who wash the dishes after we eat in restaurants and work the night shifts in hospitals. They, they may not be citizens or have the proper documentation, but the vast majority of immigrants are not criminals.

(29m 27s):
They pay taxes and are good neighbors. They are faithful members of our churches and mosques, synagogues and temples. I don't know whose reaction is better there. Jd clearly looking towards the second lady. Usha like, what the hell is going on? Like, where did they find this? Or Donald Trump's sitting there, like, Of course he's classy. This fake bishop isn't turning his head. Cocking it to the side a little bit. Like, am I really listening to this right now? A lady forcing left wing platitudes down. Everybody's start on a moment of supposed national unity or the family you got, did you see Tiffany Trump in the background?

(30m 9s):
Right? Right. Tiffany Trump is like, good for you. Tiffany stays quiet. She's not really the most vocal member of the Trump family comes to politics stuff. But she's sitting there like, are you for real? Like, who picked this fake bishop out there? I wanna talk about this. Someone who did this for a living. This is really, I'm, I'm not trying to throw anybody in the bus folks, but again, I'm an outcomes guy. We had a bad outcome yesterday. Trump handled it well. He was asked about it later. He said, listen, I'm not happy with this. Did you like it? It was boring. And then he, he posted on true social about it. But I'm gonna tell you how we avoid this stuff going forward, and it should not happen again.

(30m 51s):
Quick break. Are you still sleeping on that same old uncomfortable mattress? You should upgrade to a Helix mattress like I did. Listen, I haven't slept better on anything since I got my Helix mattress well over 10 years ago. This is my second one. I sleep through the night. I, I only woke up this morning to get up. Usually I wake up two, three times in the middle of the night, especially in hotel rooms. I slept cleanly, calmly, and deeply last night and just a few minutes. The Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for you so you get the perfect match. Helix can help you If you sleep too hot or If you sleep sometimes some people, they have back pain, they sleep on their side, some people snore from the position you sleep into. Your body type or your unique needs Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. So many of my listeners are getting the best sleep of their lives. So if you're a member of the Bonino Army out there, go to Helix sleep.com/dan for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase. That's Helix, H-E-L-A-X Helix sleep.com/dan for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase Helix sleep.com/dan.

(31m 53s):
And our last sponsor today is Jen Uel. Folks, great story here, lady named Phyllis. Walks into a neighborhood pharmacy in New Jersey, asks the pharmacist for an antioxidant cream for her wrinkles and skin. The pharmacist says, I'll compound one for you. Just come back tomorrow. Phyllis uses the cream for three days, goes to her dermatologist appointment, and the doctor looks at her and thinks you just had work done. And believe it or not, that's how Genelle Skincare was born. Genelle Skincare is the official skincare. My wife Paula, and the rest of the bungee Army. That was 25 years ago. Genelle shipped millions of orders since they have the same philosophy of antioxidants, the same base, and the same chef in the kitchen celebrating 25 years. Jenny Sell's offering the best pricing since Phyllis walked into that pharmacy. Right now, save over 70% off. Jenny Sell's complete skincare Package is featuring the Jenelle under eye bags and puffiness, serum jawline, sculpting treatment and immediate effects for results in minutes. Look, five, 10, even 15 years younger. Go to genus sell.com/dan gn u c.com/dan as a special gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers plus free priority shipping Genucel dot com slash dan G-E-N-U-C l.com/dan. Check it out.

(33m 4s):
So back to the story about the church, the fake bishop, the ridiculous pompous, arrogant lecturing of Donald Trump. Take that, the spot off the street, the ridiculous arrogant lecturing of Donald Trump, which I I'm frankly sick of. I am not a fraud. Again, I don't have a problem with people speaking out pastors, preachers, imams, rabbis. I don't care. I don't care. You have a whole bunch of prescriptions on that stuff and supposedly whatever, I'm not getting into that. I don't care. Justin goes to the same church I do. Father Marty will address these issues and tie 'em to faith all the time.

(33m 45s):
Cool, great. The problem is have some class. The, the Biden administration would never ask me to go speak at a podcast event where Joe Biden was gonna attend because they know I would probably say, Mr. President, you suck. So my first question here is, folks, when you go out to an event, I, I don't wanna beat this to death, but when you go out to an event with the now president in the name of our okay, and he's sitting there, look at, look at this Tiffany, I love it. Tiffany's like, what the hell am I listening to? Laura Trump is like, really? Eric's like, who the hell picked this woman? You have staff, advanced people, secret service, advanced people, and Whamo people.

(34m 27s):
White House military. So military advanced people, okay to have, they're all, they all have a mission. The Secret Services mission is not to get involved in the politics at all. The Secret Service only has one concern at this event. Is this Bishop a threat to Donald Trump or not? If the answer is no, what she says is not our business. Why? Very simply, the Secret Service is a law enforcement entity that has very serious First Amendment concerns. They cannot arrest this lady for speaking out. She has every right to say what she said. I think it's stupid and wrong, but it's not illegal. The Secret Service cannot get involved in that at all. Now, if she approaches Donald Trump in a threatening matter, they can get involved.

(35m 8s):
Everybody got it? Get it. Got it. Good. No need to beat that up. The military does their military stuff, which I'll leave outta that. That's a bigger story on their advance. It is the staff's job. The staff advance to go through the footprints, to go through who's speaking, to go through the president's actual actions, interactions, and to make sure the president's not embarrassed. Hey man, I'm really sorry having to produce up, but who the hell was the staff advance on that? Man, you gotta like, you gotta do a better job. You can't put the president in a situation like that. You guys have seen the videos of this woman out there that were all over the place.

(35m 50s):
This woman talking about how Donald Trump she, that he needs to be removed from office. She's out there outside with the N95 ridiculous mask on. Yeah, I mean, this is obviously a political activist. She's trying to tell you a story rather than the story. So going forward, I know these guys have their heads on straight because they've got some really good staffers and folks, these things happen. The, the, the Presidential inaugural committee had a thousand things going on. I'm just saying in the future, just learn from this and make sure we're going through these speakers and it would've taken a five second social media search. I mean, we could do it now. And you'd see this lady's got a ton of videos out there talking negatively about Donald Trump folks, they want to tell you, the media people and the left wingers a story, not the story.

(36m 40s):
That is what they do. They're doing it again with Elon. I said to you yesterday, I don't know Elon, I met him for five seconds at the UFC. He was very nice. But Elon is one of these genius guys who just, I, I'm, I don't know, I don't have Elon's level of intellect. So the brain, I don't know the, the, the expression of affect and emotion is just different. You, you see it with these ridiculously smart people all the time. They're trying to do it again. The media's playing the same playbook they did in 2016, despite getting their asses kicked. Three elections in a row. Yeah, three. Here's Elise Stefanik, thankfully doing the right thing up there.

(37m 23s):
She's being questioned by a complete tool bag Democrat, communist senator Chris Murphy from Connecticut. And Of course, what does he gotta do? He puts the wrap up smear out there. Elon did this like a Nazi salute. Anyone who watched that saw what Elon Musk was doing, was pointing to his heart, telling people, you know, basically, I, I love you, I'm acknowledging what you're doing. But Of course, because Chris Murphy's a come and wants to do the Pelosi wrap up, Samir, he needs to get it out there that Elon Musk is a Nazi because he supports the MAGA agenda. Elise, the phonics having none of it. This is how you, this is how you respond to the, you don't even accept the premise of the question and you crush it right away. Watch this.

(38m 3s):
What do you think of Elon Musk, perhaps the president's most visible advisor doing two heel Hitler salutes last night at the president's televised rally? No, Elon Musk did not do those salutes. I was not at the rally. But I can tell you, I've been at many rallies with Elon Musk who loves to cheer. When President Trump says we need to send, you know, our US space program to Mars. Elon Musk is a visionary. I'm looking forward to his work in Doge, the Department of Government efficiency and look forward to looking how we can be more efficient and effective. But that is simply not the case. And to say so is the American people are smart.

(38m 44s):
They see through it, they support Elon Musk. We are proud to be the country of such successful entrepreneurs. That is one of our greatest strengths as Americans. Folks, folks, that's how you handle it. You do not even remotely accept the premise of the question. What do I mean like that? I'm gonna, this is a teaching moment for all of us because at times, you know, I've been guilty of this too. You, you don't start explaining away why the angle of his arm was this way instead of this way. Why he meant to wave or do this, but the hand was upside down. And you don't get into that. This is the standard traditional, we need to tell you a story. So what do they do? They want you getting bogged down in the details.

(39m 24s):
So the overall narrative that Elon's a Nazi and you are just explaining out the details away gets, you can watch it here. Gui gui and the team are putting it on the screen. Look there. I mean obviously if you've ever seen Elon, you know what Elon was doing, okay? You don't even accept the premise of the question. Don't even bother the guy pointed to his heart like 10 times. You don't accept the premise of the question. You don't start arguing that. Well, he should have done it pumps up. So, and one thing you never do. Listen, this is super important for the political advisors out there. The team surrounding Elon, I know Elon's team knows, knows better. Anyway, again, they don't need my advice, but I'm gonna throw it out there anyway. 'cause the show's called The Dan Bongino Show. Okay?

(40m 5s):
You do not ever apologize, ever. You do not apologize. There are people out there going, well, Elon, just clear it up and apologize. He has nothing to apologize. Once you apologize for you're accepting the premise that you did something wrong. Listen to me. Do not under any circumstances, apologize. There has been no greater warrior on Twitter against antisemitism other than this show. None. We talk about what's going on in the Middle East, the state of Israel all the time. Do not ever apologize if what was in your heart was pure. Don't do it. And that's how you explain it.

(40m 45s):
Apologize, what the hell would I apologize for? Well, you know, it looked like a Nazi s slud. Yeah, it looked like that to you. 'cause you're a crazy person. End of story. Is That similar to giving an innocent person a blanket? Pardon? It is. That's a good point. Why would you as an innocent person except a blanket? Pardon? Either. It's the same thing. If Adam Kinzinger and these guys had nothing to worry about, then just call the president and say, don't pardon me, you're making me look guilty. It makes you look guilty when you apologize. Never, ever, ever do it. Alright, I wanna make sure I get to the January 6th. You know what, throw that Breitbart story up. What the hell? We'll discuss this quick too. The Denver Mayor. We could reevaluate cooperation with ice. If these requests drastically increase folks, again, with Tom Holman and others, plow straight ahead.

(41m 34s):
Do not get bogged down in any one story. You know, Joey, bag of donuts got locked up in an ice raid near a church that this is what they're gonna try to do. Keep moving. Keep your eyes on the prize. Don't let them bog you down in a story. Keep thus story in mind. Thus story, we are securing the border. If you were here illegally, you broke the law, we are going to come and find you. And you should not have broken the law. You should have just obeyed. Obeyed the law and engaged in the process. Okay, let's get to this too, because this is gonna be a huge focus here in the media. Let me tell you how it's gonna work going forward, because we are always weeks and months ahead of the story here.

(42m 14s):
And it's not because I am some Einstein level genius. It's because the left wing media is so dumb and therefore so predictable. You put a piece of steak on the floor and you walk away from the dog. Are you surprised when you walk back when the dog ate the steak? Even If you said, Lucy, don't eat the steak. Why? Because dogs are predictable. So we stupid media people, okay, here's what they're gonna do with January 6th, Donald Trump issued a pretty comprehensive, pardon? Pardon? For a number of the folks involved in January 6th in and around the Capitol, okay? Some of these people were engaged in various different degrees of activities. Folks, listen, I agree with the decision. I have no problem telling you such, I pushed for it for a long time.

(42m 55s):
We had Julie Kelly on the radio show yesterday. Always engage, always enval, evaluate, excuse me, evaluate the effectiveness of something by the engagement of the other side and how much they talk and how much they lose their minds over it. When you see people like Fusion, Ken Delan, who it's been noted, is basically an an intelligence community. Kind of lackey left wing outlets have talked about this, including the intercept fusion. Ken Delan, who was knee deep in the collusion hoax when this guy's losing his mind over the January 6th pardons. You know, something's wrong here.

(43m 35s):
They do not want the story out there that there was federal involvement. The January 6th pipe bomber was an insider, and that a lot of these people were victims of a weaponized process. They wanna keep the story about the quote insurrection. That's why they're so bothered about this. They wanted these legal proceedings to proceed forever so they could tell you a story. Watch this, Ken. How is this gonna play out in The next few days? Andrea, this is gonna be a really tough thing, as you saw there for those Republican lawmakers to defend, particularly because many of them have called for the prosecution of people who attacked police officers. And look, we knew Donald Trump was gonna pardon some January 6th defendants, but it is a shock that he pardoned people who are on video attacking law enforcement officers.

(44m 20s):
And it is a real body blow to this building where I'm standing inside the Justice Department because this was the single biggest criminal investigation in American history. Nearly every field office, FBI, field office and every US attorney's office participated in trying to bring these January 6th attackers to justice. It was one of the highest priorities of the Justice Department. They put intensive resources into it. They put intensive resources into it. Why did they put intensive resources into it? Instead of going after BLM, Antifa, terrorists, terrorists, Al-Qaeda, ISIS affiliated terrorists. Why? Because they needed to tell you a story that they wanted to go, they wanted to go on in perpetuity, especially through the Trump administration.

(45m 5s):
They were hoping to get some deep state insiders that would, you know, sit there and push this thing endlessly. So you'd hear this story. Oh, remember the insurrection? Remember the insurrection? Remember the insurrection? When you see people like Fusion, Ken and NBC losing their minds over this, oh, there it is. The CIA's mpa man. Who are they talking about? Ken, the laan. It means the Intel community is worried. Now there are two things they're worried about. Okay, get ready folks. Bullet point this, write this down. Number one, what they're worried about is they're worried about losing the insurrection narrative, which takes the law and order. Are you, you, you tracking me? Here it it, it takes the law and order narrative that the Republican party owns and it turns it on its head.

(45m 51s):
How can you guys be the party of public safety and law and order if you're the party in the insurrections? You get that pretty simple. I mean they won't overcomplicate it. But there's a second thing too. And there's a reason Fusion can't in tell community cut out. There's a reason they're for freaking out. It's because they know that there is a new sheriff in town who's just been sworn in. And that all of the federal involvement in January 6th and the pipe bomber, that that may come, I say may because I don't wanna get ahead of myself. I wanna make sure everybody follows through Pam Bondi Cash Patel. Once that comes out, I promise you it's gonna shock you, shock you.

(46m 31s):
Here's Donald Trump getting into it with NBC's Peter Alexander yesterday, another deep state hack here, loser who tries to interrupt the president on this very matter. Donald Trump sticks it right to him just like he should watch this. Take A look at the election, just look at the numbers on the election. We won this election and a landslide because the American public is tired of people like you that are just one-sided, horrible people in terms of crime. You don't talk about all the people that have been killed and what happens to those murderers? Murderers get no time. You take a look at some of these das, they go after political opponents, but they don't go after people that shoot people in the street That you see what he does there.

(47m 16s):
You see how good Donald Trump is at this? He takes the question, which is not a question, it's an assertion. When did you stop beating your wife? He doesn't answer it. He turns the question on its head and he asks Peter Alexander the question, when are you gonna go after BLM and Antifa and others and the people who are really causing these problems? When are you gonna stop this chaos? When are you gonna advocate for law and order in the streets of liberal cities that were burned down? That's the question, folks. The process use the target. These people was clearly political. If it wasn't political, then how is it that If you were there on January 6th, pick the worst of offenders.

(48m 4s):
Pick someone who, there were some videos, someone who say attacked a police officer. The word I do not condone obviously that stuff at all. Matter of fact, I condemn it resolutely, but there is zero doubt that when the White House was attacked by BLM and Antifa and secret service agents and uniform division officers, I know personally were hurt and wounded, that absolutely nothing happened to these people at all. So you can have two simultaneous thoughts at the same time, and I want you to pay attention to this, you can and should say, I am absolutely resolutely against attacks on law enforcement for doing their job period there.

(48m 48s):
But I am also against a greater danger, which is a weaponized justice department that picks and chooses when they take this stuff seriously and targets political opponents for it. And that's what happened here. I love watching the left wing media, by the way they did. They're interviewing people and family members involved with the J six prisoners here. So Alex Wagner from M-S-N-B-C decides to go out and conduct an interview here. She's, what she's trying to do is make the story about Donald Trump to even the January 6th families and others involved saying, Hey man, don't you feel like this guy abandoned you? Let's just say Alex went, Alex Waner does not get the answer to the question she wants.

(49m 29s):
Check this out. Was there ever any moment in in jail where you were like, why am I like, why am I here? You know? Did you ever have any frustration with the pre President Trump? Did you ever feel like you know, he had landed you guys in in jail? No. No. Absolutely not. Because he really, I believe he really just wants to make America great again. Now, why was I sitting in prison when Anthony Fauci is loose? Why am I sitting in prison when Liz Cheney is loose? Why do those people get pardons? Because they're guilty, but they were never brought to justice. And yet, me a mom, I made a mistake and broke a window at the Capitol. I'm sorry, but do I have to lose my whole life for it?

(50m 11s):
When we have these criminals running the government that now have pardons, it's that that bothered me, that bothered me. Who, let me ask a question. Who seems more reasonable there? The hack Loser, M-S-N-B-C host trying to get a story out of a, a person being interviewed there, trying to frame Donald Trump for this thing, or the woman answering the question, who sounds totally logical and reasonable and just absolutely filets. Alex Wagner, who, who sounds more reasonable there? Always measure the impact of what you're doing by the response of your political enemies. This is not a hard truth to digest in your manual of political truths.

(50m 55s):
If they're losing their minds over something, it's for a reason. Folks, if they really thought this was politically damaging to Donald Trump after this election, they would let it happen and they would stop losing their minds freaking out in the media over it. They would put out a few papers and talking points and do their interviews and that's it. They are melting down over this. Here's another one, Dan Goldman, who I don't know If you know this. He's the dumbest male member of Congress, a OC Of course, being the dumbest overall. Dan Goldman was knee deep in the Russia hoax. Matter of fact put up that Fox News story. Go in reverse a little bit. Dan Goldman was knee deep in all of it. The Hunter Biden laptop deal. He was in a, a lawyer before and worked with Adam Schiff and others on the Russia collusion hoax.

(51m 35s):
Here's Dan Goldman, denies Hunter Biden laptop is real revives debunked Russian misinformation theory. This is who Dan Goldman is. Dan Goldman is terrified with Donald Trump coming back into office the second time and ready to engage in big declassification of information about this. Dan Goldman needs to talk about something else. So he needs to focus on the insurrection and the January 6th of, that's why you see this reaction from Dan Goldman in the media interview. Pay close attention. He can't have you talking about the real weaponization of government. Check this out. What do you think that says to these people? It absolutely creates a, an emboldened and buttressed group of far right extremists that, that exert and, and conduct political violence.

(52m 23s):
And it is corrupting our system because I know some of my colleagues are afraid right now. And if you're afraid physically or you're afraid for your family, that has an impact on how you do your job as an elected official. That is authoritarianism. That is not democracy. It it, It's authoritarianism folks. Dan Goldman said. So this is the guy in conjunction with Adam, Adam Schiff, Swalwell and others, made sure to use the tools of government to attack Donald Trump to attack his team, ruin the presidency and cause a major international incident. Excuse me, folks.

(53m 5s):
Donald Trump's team has to ignore this stuff and plow ahead. They have to continue the Rockham sock Robots theory, keep hitting them every single day and getting things done. It will not allow the, I can't say it enough if I'm, I might gonna read the chair. Is this getting annoying? The rockham sock and robots folks in the chat let me know if it is, I, you know what? You gotta let me know the show's for you. But it is so important that we hammer home to them and we use this show on the outside to kind of be a, a fortress for Donald Trump against left wing hysteria. I wanna make sure his team knows that these tactics will work because I, I know what it's like to be that. No, thank you. You guys are the best. Look at you in the chat. I love it. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

(53m 46s):
Reinforce what I'm saying is true. Here's why I'm doing this. I know what it's like to work inside government. Granted not on the political side and the security side. I don't wanna exaggerate my role, but I do. I've seen it. I've seen these guys and they're kinda like they're intimate conversations about stuff. What the left wing media says, even though very few of you are paying attention to it, other people do and they're gonna start to second guess themselves. It's not that the Trump team is weak or it's not, it's just that's the nature of the beast, man. Are we doing this right? Are we doing this right? The answer is yes. Keep hitting 'em with stuff every single day. Keep getting things done. Plow straight ahead. Ignore these people on the left and the minute they get you bogged down in one thing, hit 'em with 10 more things and I promise you they'll change the story the next day.

(54m 27s):
Here's one of them on the getting things done front, Donald Trump has a a a a little presser yesterday and the White House guy's done more press conferences now than he did. Joe Biden did the whole time. Here he is talking about a new proposal to boost our AI capabilities in conjunction with some private sector partners. A lot of people had some beefs with this, especially the section that involved mRNA cancer vaccines. Obviously two things very sensitive to me, but I ask you not to get bogged down and we can talk about that too and we will. However, I want you to focus on this part first. 'cause this is the kind of thing they went wild about too. They're like, oh, there's a new oligarchy out there of rich people influencing the government. Notice they don't seem to care about George Soros or any of these left wingers in Silicon Valley when they were reporting leftists, when they were supporting leftists.

(55m 9s):
Here, check this out. This is Trump's Stargate proposal. Together, these world leading technology giants are announcing the formation of Stargate. So put that name down in your books 'cause I think you're gonna hear a lot about it in the future. A new American company that will invest $500 billion, at least in AI infrastructure in the United States and Mo, and very, very quickly moving, very rapidly, creating over 100,000 American jobs almost immediately. This monumental undertaking is a resounding declaration of confidence in America's potential under a new president.

(55m 49s):
Let me be a new president. I didn't say it. They did, so I appreciate that. Fellas, Folks, hundreds of billions of dollars flowing back into the United States economy. This is the kind of stuff that drives the left wild. Why would it drive the left wild? It's a growing economy because they don't care if Ladies and gentlemen, anything that makes Donald Trump look good, including a fattening of their own wallets is the enemy of the left. They care about power. Donald Trump took it from an every branch of government, including in the Supreme Court, where we're barely holding onto a majority. That's why they're bitter about it. Hey, thanks again for tuning in. Thanks for your patience yesterday. Really appreciate it. Check out yesterday's show. It was a good one. Three o'clock, which was a weird time for us.

(56m 30s):
We're here every day at 11:00 AM live on Rumble. Go to rumble.com/bonino, download the Rumble app. It is free. We really appreciate your support. Rumble's doing huge things. Big, big things coming in the future. We love Rumble. It has been so good to us. Thank you very much. Please also go to Apple and Spotify. Look up The Dan Bongino Show and If you would give us a follow there. We deeply appreciate it. I appreciate it. See you back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM live. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.