
Welcome to VINCE on a Monday. Great to have you with us as always. So nice to see all of you here. And by the way, happy Father's Day To all the dads a belated happy Father's Day. Thanks for being who you are, raising great American children. As always, great to have you with us. I've got a lot of updates for you from the weekend, including the president throws a very successful honor of the United States Army, 250 years of the United States Army. How about that? A big parade in Washington dc I had a great vantage point for some of that. You'll, I'll tell you about that in just a moment. Also, the left decided, as it always does, to riot on Saturday on under the, the AstroTurf, so-called No Kings protests.


And also the president this morning with some breaking news about where mass deportations are going to concentrate. I've got details on that ahead. Also, Kurt Schlicter is joining us on the show. Kurt is both informative and hilarious. I can't wait to talk to Kurt. It's ahead on this edition of VINCE.


Hey, I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket at home bone charge. They're great and a red light face mask. My wife uses that every night. She loves them. We can't recommend these enough. I first turned to that sauna blanket to help me with muscle recovery and detoxification. It's become a tonal game changer in my house. It's very easy to use. I just wrap myself up and let the infrared heat work. It's magic. And it's cool. You can actually say, I've got a sauna at home. Yeah, I've got a sauna blanket. It works awesome, and you feel great. You feel relaxed and rejuvenated. And the red light face mask, it's been a big deal. My wife loves it. It improves her skin's texture and reduces inflammation. And she's seeing great results. It's like having a mini spa treatment right in the house. Now, If you are thinking about trying these out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com, use the code VINCE at checkout, and you'll get 15% off. Both of these products have made a huge impact on my family, and I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bone charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. A these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition, baby.


Alright, let's, let's first, first and foremost, I had a fantastic weekend on Saturday night. I was at my, my great friend Corey's apartment complex. We were up on the roof of his apartment in Arlington, and we were able to watch all of the helicopters flying in to President Trump's honors for the United States Army is the 250th birthday of the United States Army. And again, as I was saying last week, I'll say again, happy birthday soldiers for the great United States Army. Very, very cool to see. And, and the president, he did a great job here of putting together, I think, a fitting event to honor our nation's army.


And that really was what it was all about. I mean, the whole thing was just dedicated to celebrating the army. And the left was going crazy over this. They thought they were saying things like, oh, this is like the Soviet Union. This is, this is like something out of North Korea. In fact, Rand Paul, for some reason, has been going with this line of attack. But, You know, take a look here, fellas, If you could just pull up my screen. This is my vantage point. I, we were watching these helicopters flying right towards Washington DC and the flight path was right next to our building as we were, as we were standing on top of the roof. It was so cool to see. And We got to watch as the fireworks were going up, We got to watch the, the show was so epic actually, that I kept thinking that the grand finale had arrived and the grand finale had had not arrived yet.


I kept, I kept clapping. I was like, well, that was amazing. And then of course it keeps going. It was wonderful. It was wonderful. And you see these soldiers who were out there on Saturday, these guys waving to the crowd marching, they took everyone through the history of the United States Army all the way from 1775 onward. There's Jasmine Gladding. Jasmine is in, is in my chat. The reason she's yelling. Yes, VINCE, in my Instagram post, I, I posted, for those of you who are listening on the audio podcast, I just posted this video of the helicopters flying by. And Jasmine, who works with us here at Silver Lock, she was very excited by my perspective, but I'll, I'll give you some behind the scenes.


She's more excited that I posted anything to Instagram. Jasmine is excited. So the guys have been telling me like, VINCE, you need to post more stuff to social media, You know, just like random stuff from your life. And I said to the guys, I was like, guys, I don't, I don't like doing that. I'm not a big, I've never been a big fan of sharing random stuff from my life on social media. And they said, no, no, no, it's really important. You should do this. And so I said, okay, for you, Gee told me to do this. I was like, for you, Gee, I'll do it. And Jasmine's been rooting me on. So the reason Jasmine is in my comments, I haven't talked to her about this, but the reason she's in my comments with 15 exclamation points is she's stunned that I'm actually doing it. So, Ja Jasmine also had a good Saturday because I did some social media posting, really, really funny.


And anyway, great perspective. And the left turned this into something crazy. They were, they were straight up claiming that this was just gonna be, You know, like this tyrannical military event. It was meant to honor Trump like he was Kim Jong-Un. And it was nothing like that. President Trump's birthday was barely mentioned at this thing. As you saw so many thousands of American patriots show up in the streets to honor the army. The soldiers had a great time. The President's birthday, yes, it was acknowledged, but again, it was a very small thing. And, and rightfully so. It was meant to, to, meant to honor the army. So again, happy birthday to the Army. What a wonderful turnout. How patriotic could this possibly be?


It was awesome. There we go. Alright, well thank you to all of you. I don't know, did you guys watch it on television or did you, you go in in person. It was, it was great. It was really, really great. All right. So that's how normal people celebrated the weekend. It was Flag Day, it was the Army's birthday, it was President Trump's birthday. It was my brother Anthony's birthday. Happy birthday Anthony. Normal. People were like, Hey, this is a great country. Let's, let's celebrate it. Let's wave the American flag and support the army. But the left is populated by a lot of not normal people. And the left spent this weekend basically screaming at the sun. They went outside to just yell at the sky. Because what We got with these lefties is they were shouting at the sky from these community parking lots and being completely emotionally incontinent.


And there were a lot of these emotionally incontinent, anti-Trump lunatics taking to the streets to blow off steam paid for by people like George Soros and Reid Hoffman and Mark Zuckerberg, this whole no Kings protest that took place on Saturday. No kings was orchestrated by the institutional left, like the biggest billionaires, that they have funded this AstroTurf movement to get weak-minded lefties into the streets, shouting out the sky about how much they hate Trump. That's what this was this weekend. And when they say, no kings, I love that these people say no kings.


They say no kings. You know what they really mean, they mean no democratic process, no constitutional republic, no political opposition. How dare you vote for the other guy? They claim as they go out there, that they're standing up for quote, this is what they say. They said, we're just standing up for democracy. But if they were, they would support the other team occasionally winning by virtue of the votes. That's not what they support. They're furious that voters elected President Trump and destroyed Kamala Harris. They hate that. So of course, they took to the streets and the parking lots of communities perhaps near you. Did you see one of these at all saying that they were marking no kings?


No kings? That was the, the big event. A party that refuses to allow their own base to have a vote in the primary contest. They appointed Kamala Harris to be the nominee. This party tried to fight to keep President Trump off of the ballot entirely in various states. They arrested President Trump and charged him over and over in an effort to stop his ascendancy back to the White House. And then of course, they arrest all their political opponents in the form of January six detainees. And Christians who sing church hems outside of abortion mills, not exactly a pro-democracy party. No, they're not big on the constitutional republic. In fact, they wanna crush dissent whenever possible.


No King's Day, they project. And so they, that gave us images like this. Here's a video of a grown man smacking a Trump doll against a stool. Take a look at cut one here. How about this? Look at this guy. He's, so, they said, there's a little booth set up. You have to pay a nickel, and then you get to take a doll of President Trump. And then this man who is clearly in his maybe sixties or seventies, is taking a, a, a little, little voodoo doll of Donald Trump of President Trump. And it's smacking his head over and over and over again against a stool. And then he turns around and he looks at the camera that captured all of this.


And then he gives this wide-eyed deranged stare into the camera. Really proud of what he's doing. So this is, this is basically the scene all over the place. These guys look at cut five. Let's take a look at cut five. Here's a crowd beating an effigy of President Trump giving children a stick so they can whack at a pinata of President Trump. They're inculcating violence among the youngest people that they brought to these events. Look at this, smacking the president. Oh, isn't that wonderful? No, it's not wonderful. Actually. You have a violent assassination culture that's on display at each one of these delusional no Kings events.


This was all over the place. This was all over the place. And it was, it was whipped up by lefties, who we all know. The leadership of that party here is lunatic. Jamie Raskin, he's a Maryland congressman. Sometimes he wears a durag right now, he's not wearing one. He was in Philadelphia screaming about how we need to impeach and convict Donald Trump. For what? He didn't give a justification. He just said, we need to do it. Cut to take a look, Jamie Raskin, no Kings. And we've got no slaves. We've got no masters and no surfs. Those of us who aspire and attain a public office are nothing but the servants of the people.


And the moment that somebody in public office begins to act like the master of the people, that is the moment to evict, eject, reject, impeach, try, convict, and start all over again. Okay, so that's it again. Was there a reason offered by Congressman Raskin? No, there was not. They didn't, he didn't bother to offer a reason. No, we just need to stop the president of the United States. How's that for no Kings? You know, how's that for standing up for democracy? What Jamie Raskin is advocating for is straight up taking away the duly elected president of the United States, canceling out the vote of the last election because he doesn't like that the other guy won.


Yeah. Tell me more about no Kings. Would you tell me more exactly about what's going on? All right, so we've got more here. The, so, so the left, doing all of this, all of this craziness, they, lemme see, I've got another one for you. Here's, here's cut 17. Here's Eric Swalwell. Eric Swalwell, You know, Fang Fang's boyfriend, who decided to say straight up that You know, You know who Donald Trump is. Trump is Hitler. This is the violent rhetoric of Eric Swalwell and the Democrats. Look at this. Donald Trump is America's Hitler. Yeah, That's Swalwell.


That's Swalwell had one of these so-called no Kings protests again. Really? What is that? Oh, that's, that's an invitation of violence. That's what that is. Swalwell inviting a base that is consumed by assassination fantasies into violence. That's Eric Swalwell. So they're not slowing down at all. They're actually, they're accelerating the chaos. And they spent the weekend doing it. So those crazy protests, those crazy no kings protests that were taking place all across the country, paid for by the billionaires on the left. They started as protests where people were saying crazy things and beating effigies of President Trump.


But then they descended into full-blown riots in America's major left wing cities. In fact, let's go. Well, let's, before I get to the riots, I have one more video from the, from the No Kings protests. Here is a cut for, here's a woman who believed Eric Swalwell. Take a look at her. I just, I just, I'm just so scared. I'm not, I'm 74 years old. I worry about everything and I just, I just, I just am so scared and, and upset. And I don't, and I don't understand why people didn't voted for this curse Chat.


What do you think of that video? What do you think of that video? What's your first reaction to seeing that video? There's somebody says here, hidden Deck who scrub writes lady, turn the TV off. Lady turned the TV off. Ron Doc says, stop watching CNN lady, stop watching. C-N-N-J-D-D 64 says So sad to be so weak. Yeah, that these are all my reactions too. I had the same reaction when I saw that video this weekend. I thought, that lady is a sheep and she's being lied to. She's being lied to the left, has whipped her into a frenzy.


That poor woman, her stress levels must be off the chart. She's, she's going crazy. She's driving herself crazy and the left is taking advantage of her. Whatever it is that she's consuming is lying to her suggesting that something awful is happening. And of course, nothing awful is happening. President Trump is trying to undo the awful that's occurred to our country. Undo the chaos, deport the murderers and the rapists and the child predators Restore order to our country, restore sovereignty, fix the economy, get rid of the out of control inflation, bring about some order at the national security level. This is all basic stuff. President Trump was elected on that basis, and she is practically catatonic about this, distraught.


And as so I feel sad for her that the truth is, I feel very sad for that woman. There's something that, that she's being lied to and she's believing it. It's awful. Now, that may be her reaction, sadness. But violence is also on the menu for the left. And boy, we saw a lot of that this weekend. In a moment, I'm gonna take you through what is happening in major Democrat cities right now. And President Trump has a new statement today on what needs to happen next in these major Democrat led cities. And if you've been watching this program, you saw all of this coming. You knew what was about to happen in Portland, in Seattle.


You knew what was about to happen when it comes to immigration enforcement in the United States. All of this is out there playing to sea for people who actually watch this program. So God bless you for doing that. Thank you for being here with me.


I gotta thank the sponsors of this show that make it all possible. You know, time is our most precious commodity, and so many of my listeners have been asking for advice about how they can spend it wisely to improve themselves and the people around them. Well, Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. You can learn all about the works of CS Lewis. I was just talking my, talking to my daughter on yesterday, Sunday, about CS Lewis. We were having a, a chat in the car about the great CS Lewis. You can learn more about the stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, or the history of the ancient Christian Church, all with Hillsdale colleges free online courses. You'll love their course, constitution 1 0 1. You know, in this course, they explore the design and the purpose of the constitution, the challenges that it actually faced during the Civil War and how it has been undermined for more than a century by progressivism and liberalism. This is a 12 lecture course, self-paced. So you can start whenever and wherever our country needs more Americans who actually understand the constitution and can defend the freedom of the American people against the encroachments of an increasingly large and unaccountable government. So start your free Constitution 1 0 1 course with Hillsdale College again for free. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to enroll. There's no cost. It's very easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to register. Or click the link in the show notes. That's hillsdale.edu/ VINCE. Our thanks to Hillsdale love. Hillsdale love what they're doing.


Okay, so we get some lefties who are crying in the streets, some lefties who are smacking effigies of President Trump, and then other lefties who are just taking it to the, to the next level, which is destroying stuff, destroying America's cities. Let me start here with cut six. This is a bike share station in la, fully engulfed in flames. Look at this. There you go. They, of course, they start a fire. They're screaming obscenities in the background.


There's people taking pictures. Look at all these lefties and masks concealing their identities so they can commit crimes unlike ice, which has to, they, the ice officers have to conceal their identities to protect themselves from lefties, from violent people. Look at this. Burning everything. Burning everything. So finally, some of these, some of the protesters show up and they try and put the fire out, but that those are the, those are the rioters who are with them starting all of these fires. So that's just a, that's just a very small portion of this. There's, trust me, there's a lot more violence than just a bike share station being set on fire. Here's also a man who laid his hands on a police horse.


Cut seven as the cops finally shove him back. They, they're trying to push the crowd back. And this guy decides, You know, it'd be good to shove a horse. Take a look at this. Not a good move. Look at, he puts his hand on the horse. He get, he catches a whack here with the police baton. And then a cop comes up to him and just gives him a hoop and pushes him back right into the crowd. Of course, the crowd acts like it's a great scandal. Like, oh no, why would you push him? Because you need to back off of the police line. You've got a full blown riot going on. What a lunatic would you shove a horse? What is wrong with you? You, I mean, how much do you have to drink to get up there and start a a, a fight with a horse?


That's crazy. He's lucky that the only thing that happened is that he got shoved backwards and got hit in the knuckles. He got wrapped in the knuckles. So there you go. A guy trying to shove a police horse. What a lunatic. What a lunatic this guy is whack right to the knuckles with that police baton that's gonna, he's, he's waking, he's feeling that this morning. He's definitely feeling that this morning. And then we get rioters at an ice facility in LA and with hundreds of these rioters around the federal ice detention center being shoved back by police. Take a look here. This is cut eight LAPD pushing back against these guys.


And rightfully so. Look, rioters, they've gotta de deploy all of the, this tear gas to get everybody outta there. Look at that. Everything is destroyed. They put graffiti all over everything. Now con compare and contrast that, If you will, with the kinds of people who went to the, the military parade, the US Army's birthday parade in Washington DC on Sunday. People, they show up. It's all clean and wonderful and patriotic and loving and supportive of our country. And orderly and little kids are out there and they're waving at the soldiers, soldiers riding on, on tanks. Meanwhile, in LA you have lefties. Look at that. There's like, was that a Palestinian flag or something in there?


I mean, you've got flags of other nations being flown. Mexican flags, dude, in a scream mask. Yeah, it's completely outta control. And so, so that's what the left represents. It's not order, it's disorder. And there they are taking to the streets of Los Angeles yet again this weekend. It wasn't just contained to LA either. It was also in Seattle, Washington, of course, Seattle anti-ice rioters took over the streets of Seattle this weekend. Cut nine. Here they are on Saturday, going after this lefty run city. Look at this. Look at this attacking an ice facility.


They're, they're putting spray paint all over the building. They're banging on the windows. They were actually not only attacking from the outside, using their fist and, and punching the thing and yelling at the cops and causing a scene, a ruckus in the streets, setting stuff on fire. But they also started lighting fireworks and using them as like mortar rounds, firing them directly into the federal building in lawless Seattle. Take a look here. Cut 10, a rioter shooting fireworks into a federal building. Look at that. Look at that fireworks being launched right into the building over and over, Just lawlessness in Seattle.


We need a real crackdown on this. We need a crackdown on this, on this lawlessness. I know that there are some arrests being made, the occasional arrest. But not only should there be arrests made, they need to straight up perp, walk all of these guys and demonstrate that there are meaningful consequences to this type of chaos going on. And, and these are people who are just trying to be out there in many cases just to create more chaos. This is what the left has been funding. It's grotesque. Not only are they firing fireworks into the federal billing in Seattle, rioters, were storming cut 11 the ice facility in Portland, Oregon. Take a look. This is Portland. Remember I told you Seattle, it's gonna happen. Portland's gonna happen here it is happening in Portland Saturday.


There's rioters in the streets of Portland. They say they, they stormed the federal building there in Portland, Oregon. They stormed the ice facility. DHS announced after they launched fireworks and hurled smoke grenades. And they threw rocks at federal law enforcement. They say that DHS is heroic. Law enforcement secured the facility. Four officers were injured in those riots. Four police officers injured in those riots. Secretary Christie, no's message to the rioters is, you will not stop us or slow us down ice. And our federal law enforcement partners will continue to enforce the law. If you lay a hand on a law enforcement officer, you will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, to the fullest extent of the law in Washington DC The rioters actually slammed through cut 12 a security perimeter outside of the United States Capitol building.


And then they charge the Capitol. Take a look at the insurrection. There they go, people breaking through. So they blast through. We Got people Breaking through the barriers, the barriers. They rush the Capitol building and they start charging up the steps of the United States Capitol to get into the building. Look at all these lefties, what they're doing. We got people rushing the capitol steps Right now. Now, What do you think's gonna happen to the people who rushed the United States Capitol Building? Are they gonna have SWAT teams sent to all of their homes? Are they gonna be put in handcuffs with long guns drawn in front of their families?


Are they gonna spend all their time inside of the DC jail in a crappy wing of the jail treated like garbage, even by the standards of people who are held in jail? Are they gonna have to sing whatever, whatever national anthem they sing each and every night into jailhouse telephones as they can't see their families for years on end? Is anything like that gonna happen? Nope. Unfortunately. Says little lease of 50. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I just think insofar as that we have any sort of treatment under the law, what I'm looking for is equal treatment under the law. So, hello, we have an insurrection at the United States Capitol this weekend, and what's gonna happen about that?


What is gonna happen about that? So the left charging, the damn building going after the building blasting through the barricades that was happening in Washington DC this weekend. Now, there is some good news in the midst of all of this, you have police officers who are handing out taxpayer funded vasectomies right now, which is very generous of them. But take a look at some of these lefties having their nuts blown off. Here you go. Here's cut 13 cops giving out yet another taxpayer funded vasectomy this weekend. And then they start sh shouting, move back. But I'm still like fixing myself up my backpack, my bike.


And then they just push me and I'm just, just instinct. Just, I tell the cop like, don't, don't push me. I'm already moving back. And then the cop right next to him had a gun and just aimed and shot. He was like, what? Like two, three feet away after I got hit, I couldn't really walk. I was just like, too much in shock. And then they're still pushing me. I know some, some other protestors were trying to help me like walk, but they're still pushing them too. And everyone's shouting like, yo, he just got hit. Like, let let him breathe.


Let him breathe. Like, and like I, I needed to sit down for a bit, but they just, they just kept pushing. Yeah, Right now I'm at home. The injury was sustained to my, my groin. I have a bruise left testicle. And my right testicle was actually shattered. They said that they somewhat fixed it, so it should have some function, but it's still very badly damaged. All right, so there you go. We, they're handing out castration at some of these protests free of charge.


I mean, remember, remember at the DNC, they were doing free vasectomies for the dudes who showed up at the Democrat convention. So this is par for the course. This is PR that's practically a feature of a lefty rally. That guy had his nuts blown off. He's not alone, by the way, apparently this has become a trend. Cut 14. Here's another rioter saying that ice agents blew one of his nuts off. Take a look. Ice shot me in the nuts, and now I'm losing a ball. Surgery is tomorrow. There you go. All right. So this has become something of a trend. And I think we can all agree the lefties want the vasectomies, the right wants consequences for people who fa they want B to fo and it's at taxpayer expense.


So, You know, the left is happy with that. How could it, how could this go wrong? How could this possibly go wrong? In a moment, I've got some updates on how the President of the United States is addressing illegal immigration in America's cities. We've got Kirch Schlicter standing by. We're gonna talk to the great kirch schlicter, find out what he thinks of all this madness and so much more.


All I had on VINCE, gotta thank the sponsors of this program that includes Blackout Coffee. Blackout Coffee, baby. I love me some blackout coffee. And I love that. Blackout Coffee is a sponsor of this show. It's a perfect fit actually. The owner is a guy called John. He's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up. He doesn't compromise on quality, he doesn't compromise on values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee is the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Luck. And yes, that includes Jasmine who is hovering over all of my Instagram posts to make sure I'm posting interesting personal stuff. So you already know this is a brand that stands for the right values, blackout Coffee. They really are and they're delicious. Blackout Coffee is a delicious cup of coffee. Not to brag or anything, but hold up. Hmm. That's incredible actually. So here's the deal. If you'd like to have that experience too, John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. So whether you like Whole Bean Ground or even Instant Coffee that does not suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Baby Blackout coffee, love blackout. Thank you to Blackout.


All right, let's see what else We got here.


Oh, policy Genius. Policy Genius is a great sponsor of this program. I appreciate them for that. You know, there's nothing like your kid graduating high school to make you take a step back and then you reevaluate your plans for the future. Did this happen in your life recently? It'll make you buy a few more insurance policies. PolicyGenius makes finding and buying life insurance simple. It ensures that your loved ones have a financial safety net that they can use to cover debts and routine expenses. You see, with Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just $276 a year for $1 million in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about the future. And did You know that mortgage payments are a common cost that could be actually be covered by life insurance? PolicyGenius combines digital tools with the expertise of real licensed agents. Compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free, and their licensed support team helps you get what you need fast. They answer questions, they handle paperwork, and they advocate for you throughout the process. Secure your family's future with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com and you can compare free life insurance quotes from top companies and see how much you can save. That's policygenius.com. Again, thanks to PolicyGenius for making all of this happen.


Okay, let us dive into everything that's going on with a man who is so good at tracking all of it. Joining us now, retired Army infantry Colonel Town Hall columnist, the great Kurt Schlicter is here. Kurt, so nice to have you on the program, sir. Good to see you, VINCE. How you doing, man? I'm doing so good. Kurt. How is California these days? I'm seeing riots in the news. Are you, are you safe out there buddy? Oh yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm walking on the edge, man. I'm a snail crawling across the edge of a straight razor out here. No, no. The look, the the, the whole theater of the absurd is taking place in downtown la which is entirely composed of a few.


Yeah. Hipster, urban pioneers, a bunch of hobos and lawyers who have to go down there to the courts. And since I am no longer one of those degenerate perverts, I'm not practicing law actively. I don't have to go down there. So Yeah, no, you don't See I haven't seen, I'm glad, You know, aren't going to see anything. Yeah. I live in the Land of the Hate has no home here sign with the SSRI ridden Chardonnay women, You know, down by the beach. Yeah. It's nonsense. Doesn't occur here. It's not allowed. Were they out in the street on Saturday? The, those, those crazy ladies, were they out on the street Saturday for their No Kings protests?


Were they shouting at the sun? You know, I didn't see any of 'em, which I, I don't know, maybe, maybe Word didn't get to the old folks home. Did, did you see that demographic? Holy cow. It was like, I I I was like, oh, the star of up. It's, I mean it was, yes. You know, I don't know. It was like Golden Girls Meets Cocoon meets Reds. It was, it was really weird. Yeah, no, it's a, it struck me. So we've, we've kind of talked about this. Peter Schweitzer has a great piece at Breitbart this weekend about the funding that went into these, these so-called protests. These a this Astro church event. Yeah. Which include totally spontaneous, which includes funding from Arabella Advisors and George Soros and Reid Hoffman and Mark Zuckerberg.


And apparently what we've learned from all of this is that the only people that they're able to target are elderly, left-wing white boomers. That that's it. Because it seems like every other demographic decided. Yeah, I have no interest in this. Well, look, I, I mean, You know, the, the, the mill of time grinds finally, by the time that JD Vance is running for president in 2028, I expect about a, a third of 'em to be pushing up daisies. I mean, that was one crusty crew. I mean, You know, if Wilfred Brimley stumbled on it, homeboy would be like the youngest and the most ethnic guy among them. Yeah, that's right. You definitely Would.


That's a lot of white People. That's unbelievable. That was a lot of white people. So Totally. That was a lot of white people, which of course what we've learned from the left is that's a bad thing. Too many white people in one place. That's a very bad thing going on. I'm just saying. Hey, speaking of the, speaking of the riots that we're seeing, although they're contained to just a couple of blocks in LA as, as you point out, they are spreading to other cities. We saw rioting going on in places like Seattle and Portland and Washington, dc You know, how, how badly do you think the left wants this phenomenon to spread? I think they're going to want to tamp it down because I don't think it's helping them. I think it makes them look bad.


I mean, You know, Gavin Newsom looks totally impotent, almost as impotent as when, You know, Don Jr. Took his wife. But it is, You know, it's, it, look, the Democratic Party has this military wing, which is these, these violent protestors and they have deniability. Oh, they don't work for us, but they have identical goals. All their goals are exactly the same. And the riot stuff doesn't happen unless somebody wants it to happen and somebody doesn't want it to happen if it's gonna start hurting overall.


And I think it's starting to hurt them because normal people are looking at it going, yeah, I'm not down with this. You run around with a Mexican flag, You know, there was some guy hassling a marine today and the mar You know, on, on, on video, you are disgrace, you suck. Who do you? And You know, and You know, the Marines sitting there and you can just see like the little mental cross hair on him and he's just holding back and, You know, this dude is like, and, and, and every American who looks at that is like, I'm siding with a guy in camo. 'cause he's not a schmuck. The other dude's a schmuck. And I, I think, I think a lot of this stuff's going over poorly. Start talking badly about the, You know, the army parade by the way.


Great happy birthday Army. 250 years of kicking come ass Happy birthday. You know, I mean, it, it takes the guy who had a brain injury, John Fetterman, to be smart enough to go, well, I, I like the army. I think they're great. They're great Americans. Congratulations. Yeah. You know, and the rest of 'em are like, this is the worst. Now I understand Elizabeth Warren being a little upset with the army, You know, there's a little bad blood there. Sure. I get it. I was a cavalry officer. I wish he, You know, You know, get over it, Liz. Alright. Don't hold a grudge. But it's, I mean, it's just bad politics, VINCE.


Yeah. Okay. But I don't, I haven't detected the point at which they're gonna stop with the bad politics. And so it's almost like this is a weird circumstance. 'cause I feel like you have more faith in them making a course correction than I do. Because I look at, like, guys like Chris Van Holland, he's a sitting United States senator and he's paying conjugal visits to MS 13 gangsters in El Salvador and thinking that this is good politics. You know what I mean? Like they, and they keep doing it. They're not, they keep doubling down on the most insane policies. So maybe you're right. Maybe at some point they're like, Hey, maybe this rioting is bad for us. But right now it strikes me that they have shown no sign of soul searching because the prerequisite for that is you have to have a soul. Well, that's true. And I, I, I think I wasn't taking fully into account, another key factor is that a lot of these people were very, very dumb.


I mean, Chris Van Holland, you're, it, it's not like if he leaves the Senate, he's gonna go back to, You know, MIT to continue his pioneering particle physics work. All right. You know, he's not the heimer of the Senate. He is not as dumb as Maisie Hirono. But I mean, I mean, what a b food, and look, he, I think it's part of the niche problem of our society. Remember like 30 years ago, everybody watched Carson. Right? Everybody watched Carson. Yeah. Now there, now everything's divided up into niches because of social media and cable and everything.


So you, instead of having to appeal to a large number of people, you can be very popular with 3% of people and do very, very well. I mean, we see that on social media with Grifters all the time. Okay. You know, that martyr made guy, WWW You know, get gets along just fine with 1% of people who are stupid enough to listen to his nonsense. So I, I think Chris Van Holland and a lot of these others can appeal to this niche group and somehow, You know, manage to at least maintain enough visibility and get what they need.


Sadly, he's, You know, in a state like Maryland that's gonna vote for any Democrat. So he doesn't really have to have particularly high standards. But it, that, that is a problem. You, you can appeal, You know, mu much like spinal tap appeal to a more a, a more narrow demographic, a more elite audience Yeah. Of like 2% of people and still be. Yeah. And it seems to me that, that that is part of the strategy here. They're trying to ring every last dollar out of gullible suckers on the left. You know, I just played a video earlier in the program of a woman just absolutely in tears devastated by the fact that President Trump is in office.


She's just miserable. She, she just seemed, I felt so sad for her that she's being lied to this aggressively and now she's emoting the results of those lies on national television. And there's a lot of these lefties who are out there. I mean, even after one of your senators, I don't even know If you knew his name, I didn't know his name before Senator Alex Padilla goes rushing the DHS secretary. And people are like, who the hell is that guy tackle him? And to this day, we still don't actually know if that's his real name or if that's what he actually looks like, but they arrest this guy and the DNC was instantly fundraising off of it. They were sending little poor old ladies who cry about Trump being president, emails saying, give us money because Alex Padilla, who you've never heard of, was just arrested.


So I'm, I'm looking at this Kurt going, they're still taking advantage of a lot of people and trying to, You know, really scare the hell outta them and scare the dollars outta their pockets. Well, look, I, I think the, the problem with the Democrats, one of the many problems is they're still in a 20th century mode appealing to 20th century people. This is this, she's 74. Okay? It's, it's not like she's on rumble. Right. It's not like she's, she's listening to one of the networks and getting fed this propaganda. She remembers when Cronkite was out there And it, it's some level in her mind, she still thinks that if talking man on TV say bad must be bad again, You know, remember 50% of people are on the dismal side of the bell curve.


So you add like the natural dumbness to growing senility and you, you, you get women like her, I mean, I saw I was pathetic. She's sitting there crying Right. As she's out protesting th this has become a dictatorship. Which, You know, yes. IIII guess it, I-G-I-I-I, You know, I, I'm getting older too. I, I hope I don't lose my sense of irony like she did. And as far as Alex Padilla, You know, my gosh, ha haven't talk, talk about bad timing over this weekend. This is a guy who is trying to make bank over the idea that you could run at a government official in a threatening manner.


And If you just pretend to be another government official, you've gotta get through. Not great timing, dude. Not, not great. Not not, no. I mean, I think he, and I think he even figured out over the weekend that he was totally full of crap. Because on one of the Sunday show, somebody asked him, do you think that Christie Noam should resign? And he took a pass on that. And so if he was all in, he would double down. He'd be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, she should resign. I think he realized over the weekend, he's like, I look like an idiot. No, of course he shouldn't resign. I'm the one who's charging the DHS secretary. So the whole thing collapsed. And I bet you, I honestly, I think the thing he's probably grumpiest about Kurt Schlechter is that Israel struck Iran and stole whatever news cycle he was hoping was gonna fill his campaign coffers.


Oh yeah. Yeah. He, yeah. I mean that the only good luck this guy has had this week is that Kristi Nome didn't treat him like a bad dog as far as the Iran thing. Yeah. I mean, poor guy. It's like, this is the one time anybody's ever going to hear from him. And, You know, America's great, one of America's greatest enemies over the last 40 years is being pummeled into dust. And, You know, he's, he's, You know, going on an N-B-C-M-S-N-B-C show at, You know, four 30 in the afternoon to complain he's being oppressed.


That's pretty pathetic. Yeah. It's too much. It is pathetic. All right, well, while we're on the subject, I want to ask you about Israel and Iran. I know you've been following this really closely. We've seen Iran launch a ton of missile strikes into Israel over the weekend, the two countries having a bunch of these volleys, I I was stunned by, I was actually not, not not stunned, impressed by, once again, Israel's ability to specifically pick its targets and take them out. Yes. In that initial volley on Tehran, they, they took out all of the top leadership of the Iranian military, and they took out a couple of nuclear scientists. And so, so starting there, what do you think of Israel's strike?


And then, You know, what capabilities do you imagine that Iran has here? How, how debilitated are they by having their entire leadership structure taken out by Israel? Well, well, first of all, this just shows what you can do If you have two factors in your favor, first 20 some years to plan this. I mean, they've been refining this op plan and logistically setting it up, including smuggling drones into the country for decades. So they had this nailed, but they also had audacity. They did things that, You know, a lot of American intelligence and military people and say, well, oh, you just can't do that.


No, no, no, no, no. Winners do things that no one expects. Winners push the envelope. And hopefully Pete Haze and the folks in our intelligence community trying to rebuild that shattered broken institution, we'll learn from that. That we need to start thinking outside the box. I mean, it's right up there with the, the beeper bombs. This is, this is great stuff. It's also a warning to us about our incredible vulnerabilities here in the United States. If you don't think, and I, I wrote a book about it, the attack, if You know, If you don't think there are sleeper cells in the United States prepared to attack our infrastructure and leadership, although in the Biden administration, I would not target the leadership because they're going to do a terrible job on their own.


But it, you, you are, you are crazy. You are, you are dreaming. And we need to, we need to learn from this. As for around, yeah, they're, they're a dictatorship. So they are not going to be as decentralized as an American force, at least in the good old days would be. That is, If you are a dictatorship, you need to maintain a very close hold on all the levers of power. And of course the military is a huge lever of power. You don't want gang act control. So you are going to have very, very tight controls and you're not going to allow a lot of personal initiative. So they, and they are very va very vulnerable to decapitation strikes, very vulnerable.


I i, If you have an American unit and it's a good unit, and you match to take out, say the battalion headquarters, immediately somebody else is gonna take charge and continue the mission If you have a good unit, because we decentralize, because we trust our people. We're, I'm not worried about a coup you, you, you de you decentralized. So they've got a lot of problems. They also have a lot of missiles. Israel is taking a lot of missiles. It is, and I don't wanna be cold hearted about it. I'm talking as a military man, it's irrelevant. It is a small tactical problem. It's killing civilians. It's causing damage. All true. It is strategically irrelevant. It does not change the balance of power.


You, they are not irre. Israel strikes caused a, a, a significant depreciation of enemy combat power in Iraq. It, it, it made Iran be in a worse position where it had fewer options, could do fewer things. All the missiles they're shooting at Israel and they're just basically shooting at random, are almost completely irrelevant. Yes, it kills a few people. You got 10 million people, it kills 50. That's bad. It doesn't matter. As far as Israel's ability to fight and win, Israel now has total air superiority, complete air dominance.


It is, You know, it's flying its planes over the cities to show the impotence of the Iranians and, and don't underestimate the power of the information operation here. There's a kinetic operation. That's when you go kill people. Information operations, when you set the narrative by showing things and flying F 30 fives over Tehran without opposition shows that the people, You know, who, who, who kept power because they gave the impression that they couldn't be challenged, can be challenged. I'm hoping the Iranian people, the Persian people, overthrow these semi human seven century scumbags and hang them from the nearest crane, hopefully the cranes where they murder their political opponents, because that would be a sweet, sweet justice.


This is a chance for the Iranian people, and I, I hope they take it and reenter civilized society. What happens if the Iranian regime is supplanted? If I, if the ayatollah is killed, what happens next? Because that's a Key S great question, of course. Is is what, what fills these vacuums? We've been through this a bunch of times Yes. In places like Iraq and Syria and, and Libya. So what happens in a run? How do like, kind of, how do we plan for that future? Well, look, I don't think we have control over that. It's hard to imagine worse than death to America.


Death to Israel. I mean, you, you, where do you go from there? Right? It's like when you call Trump, literally Hitler, you're kind of done, you can't call him like Hitler twice. You know, something like Syria, which has been taken over by Islamic fanatics who are absolutely behaving right now. They're letting Israel fly on over, not a, not allowing the Iranians to do stuff. They are behaving. I, I don't know if we're gonna get a friendly regime. We, they don't, we don't have to get a friendly regime. We have to get a regime that is not actively an enemy. And I I right, I I can't imagine a worse one than the mullahs who literally wanna murder every Jew in Israel and then murder every American here in the United States.


Yeah. So, I mean, I don't think we can do much worse, but, You know, I I I mean look, it, it, it's risky, but I, I think the Persian people have enough exposure now to a civilized society where they want to rejoin it. So I would be cautiously optimistic in Iran that is not supporting terrorists. That's a huge win in Iran. It's not building nukes a huge win. Yeah. If it was friendly, I mean, that's like Gravy. So let me, let me finish with you on the domestic concern. We saw recently the Ukrainians in the midst of their war with the Russians, were able to bring in Trojan horse style semi trucks full of drones in order to conduct tr attacks inside of Russian soil.


And you just mentioned a moment ago that you're very concerned about the domestic threats. Yes. Here in the United States, we've had wide open borders. We've had foreign nationals who hate this country pouring into it from places like the Middle East, from China. What are, how, how vulnerable are we right now to an attack like this? Well, lemme, I, I wrote a book called The Attack nice bestseller. And it's all about this. We are, it's a novel 'cause better to tell the story that way than the dry facts. But the dry facts are, those borders are open. Like you said, you do not need super complex weapons to cause incredible damage.


You just need people who are willing to die for their cause. Which is kind of the whole thing about Islamic fanatics. The, the, the Ukrainians showed us the power of asymmetrical warfare that is going against a stronger enemy using its weaknesses against them. Our weaknesses is we believe we're vulnerable here at home. We don't act like we have enemies. That was a viable strategy in the seventies, eighties, nineties, stop being vulnerable, stop being viable about September 11th, 2001. But I think we've forgotten that.


Right. And yep. Look, I'll tell you, when I'm in a place where I can carry concealed, I do, because it is not outside the realm of possibility that somebody with a gun starts shooting because, and, and hundreds of them across the country, because that is a very easy, simple, tactically uncomplicated way to cause mass casualties and, and mass panic in the United States. Yeah. I think the more complex things, drone attacks specific sabotaging of key in infrastructure that requires more planning. But that is not anywhere near outside the realm of possibility.


So I think I, I, I hope we can learn from other people's mistakes like the Russians, like the Iranians. Yeah. Okay. It's always better to learn from somebody else tripping and falling on his face. I don't wanna learn from our own mistakes. Not again. Alright. Kurt Schlicter, thank you for Always for your wit and your wisdom. Appreciate you. You can find Kurt Schlicter over at Town Hall, get one of his great books and of course, just happy birthday, Kurt. Great, great to have you on, sir, and appreciate on Behalf of the Army. Thank you. Thanks very much. There he is. Kurt Schlicter. Okay, before we go, we've got breaking news this morning from the President of the United States that I want to get to with you.


He is, he has announced that he is now reallocating ICE's resources to go specifically after the major Leftwing power centers in the country after America's largest cities. The president saying this morning on truth social, that the ice officers who work in this administration for the federal government have shown incredible strength, determination, and courage as they facilitate be a deal. The largest mass deportation operation of illegal aliens in history every day, the brave men and women of ICE are subjected to violence and harassment and even threats from radical Democrat politicians.


But nothing is going to stop us from executing our mission. He says, so he announced this morning that ice officers are ordered by notice of this truth to go after illegals for the biggest mass deportation program in history. He says, in order to achieve this, we must expand our efforts to detain and deport illegal aliens in America's largest cities. That includes Los Angeles, Chicago, and New York, where millions upon millions of illegal aliens reside. Now he gets to one of the most important elements here. Not only is this about restoring law and order, it's about unwinding the election, rigging the left has done in these cities.


The president says these are the core of the Democrat Power Center, where they use illegals to expand their voter base, cheat in elections, and grow the welfare state robbing good paying jobs and benefits from hardworking American citizens. So a huge announcement this morning from the president saying, ICE resources, what they have right now are gonna be further concentrated on these major American cities now. And, and in particular to unwind the election rigging that's taking place in those cities in our system. This is important stuff. The Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson offers that he not only supports this, but he wants to get that big, beautiful bill passed quickly.


So the president has more resources to go after all of this. So here, this is a huge component to the President's agenda, and that's a big update to it. I've got a lot more news for you. We're gonna hit it today on the radio show and then again on tomorrow's edition. VINCE, I'm grateful for you as always.