
Good morning and welcome to Banina Report, Early Edition. Trump mocks Rosie O'Donnell. I know you guys thought that that was from 20 16, 20 15, but he did it again in a very epic way. City, a city council unanimously nom nominates a transgender only fence prostitute with a cannibalism. Fetish Satanists dedicate the Kansas State capital to the devil with the approval of the state. I might add, Tom Holman is harassed by supporters of a detained Columbia student. Netflix's Narnia considers Charlie XCX for the white Witch, and a woman who refused to give up her airplane seat for a child.


Sues the airline company. I'm gonna need all of your opinions on that one. All this on Bun Gina report, Early Edition Cold Ireland is known for very happy, fun, loving people. Great attitude. Many in this room right now that I've met. Why in the world would you let Rosie O'Donnell move to Ireland? I think she's gonna lower your happiness level. That's true. Thank you. I like that question. I mean, you, do you know who she is? I'm joking.


You better off. You're better off not knowing President Trump. President Trump. Michael and I were just laughing because if you're listening tr Trump, as he's asked this question, he just readjusts, he like sits up a little straight. He is like, I like that question. And Michael just said, it's exactly what happens when you invite new media into the White House. Can you imagine CNN asking that question? Of course you can't. And I just love this exchange. But can I just say before I delve into the exchange here, Rosie O'Donnell is now a refugee in, in Ireland. She's fleeing the Trump admin. And I just have to say, there are so many celebrities who in 2016 promised us that they were gonna leave the country. And they're still here. They're still here. Guys, I thought they were gonna leave.


It feels like a false promise. It feels like we were, we were, we were told something. We were promised something, and they did not follow through. And I'm really disappointed about it. And so I'm glad Rosie O'Donnell is in Ireland. I really am. But anyway, so Trump, he, he, he asked the Prime Minister of Ireland, do you know who she is? Obviously the Prime Minister has no idea who's, who's Rosie O'Donnell? He's the prime minister of Ireland. And then Trump replies, you're better off not knowing. And you guys, I saw that clip. I had to share it because the memories flooded back to me. Trump is such a natural comedian. He's hilarious. I remember, I, so I Trump revolutionized politics, of course, as somebody who was 15, 16 years old during that election cycle.


That first, that first time he was elected. I actually had a lot of political perspective because I had been in politics a long time. My dad was elected into Congress in 2010. My parents were involved in politics virtually my entire life. So I feel like I had always had a feel for what politics is supposed to look like. And I was 15 years old and I'm watching the debates with President Trump and all the other primary candidates. And it was so different. I was shocked. It, I mean, I couldn't even believe it. Like I I, everything that I had known about politics, he just threw Trump, just threw it all out the window. And, and imagine if, it was surprising to me at 15 what it felt like for someone who's been in politics for decades.


Like how he just threw the playbook out. And who remembers that iconic moment from 2015 that, that iconic Rosie O'Donnell moment expert politicking that I just think we've never seen in this country before. Tick in, You've called women, you don't like fat pigs, dogs slobs and disgusting animals. Your Twitter account was several. Only Rosie O'Donnell. No it wasn't. He know, he knew it was so good. He just, he smiles at the end. He is totally smirking. Megan Kelly can't control the crowd. Like the crowd is going nuts. And she can't write it in. She tries to say, no, no, no, no, no.


But it wasn't just Rosie at all. And it didn't matter. It didn't matter because it was so flippant funny. And it was iconic. Trump is raw. He is real. The guy is a natural comedian. No question about it. His humor is imp polished. It isn't scripted. It is unfiltered. It's off the cuff and it's just so him. And you know, back in 2016, a lot of people, people who I know, they weren't sold on President Trump. But by 2020 and especially 2024, a lot of people who'd never have voted for him in 2016 would have crawled over broken glass to get to the polls to cast a vote for this man.


That's how much he's just changed the whole game. It's not just that he has changed the po the the, the style of politics forever, but it's that he actually followed through with so many promises. People thought it was a fluke that he was a fake, that he was a, a democrat and he never actually changed his ways. And he was trying to get into the White House and they couldn't trust him. And he has proven himself to be such a fighter, even for the pro-life. Cause people still in, in the 2024 election, were saying, this man's not pro-life. Don't vote for him. If you care about life, if you're a real Christian, what did we get with President Trump? The overturning of Woe v Wade. Roe v Wade, the biggest pro-life, pro-life pillar that needed to be toppled down.


We, we pro, pro-choice, pro-abortion pillar need to be toppled down. Now it's up to the states. That's thanks to President Trump. We were told by a lot of people in the pro-life movement, we can't trust him. And by the way, my wedding anniversary happens to be the overturning of Roe v. Wade, which is a really special day. So I don't know you guys love him or hate him. Trump has turned politics upside down. He has followed through on so many promises. And that 2015 debate moment, it is still unforgettable. I am still laughing about it. I just had to share that with you guys. All right, we're gonna take a quick break When we come back, I do have some heavier stories for you. Some, some crazy things are happening in Washington state and even crazier things in Kansas.


Don't go anywhere. It may not seem like it. And maybe it does seem like it, but you guys, I'm exhausted right now. I did not sleep a lot. I don't even wanna tell you how little I have slept. Yes, last night and last week. It is. I'm running ragged. And let me tell you, Helix is making it really difficult for me to get outta bed these days because it is so comfortable. I love it. And I, I really, I don't sleep enough. And that, that, that mattress, it makes it hard for me to get outta bed because it is that comfortable. Alright, let's get into some of these heavier topics. Washington state, this next story, I don't think it could happen anywhere else other than the state of Washington. The Linwood city Council in Washington state unanimously appointed a man named Jessica Ann Roberts, born Neil Vincent Roberts to Philly, vacant seat on their city council.


And Roberts, just for a little context on this individual, he is a transgender identifying male OnlyFans online prostitute who has a cannibalism fetish. Yep. He's posted on social media about having an uncontrollable desire to impregnate women and eat them. Robert's OnlyFans account, which he deactivated on Monday, understandably included 12 videos and 63 photographs of sexually explicit content. And in his account, bio Roberts described himself as a bisexual trans woman with itty bitty titties and a big girl cock. Yep. This is who's leading the city council.


Roberts issued several posts earlier this year on Reddit. I'm gonna read you a couple of them. Churning meat, girl after meat, girl before I fully disposed of my last meal is the best feeling. Best feeling. And then he says, I love the idea of grabbing a pretty girl and using her as a breeding pet. And once I've gotten her pregnant, sharing her with my fellow trans femmes. Guys, this is why standards matter. This is why a moral code deeper than just feelings is so important. I want you to take a listen to what happened when Representative Keith Self called transgender identifying male representative Sarah McBride, Mr.


This week, you've probably seen this video already, but there's a really relevant point to make. So just listen to this for some context. I now recognize the representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride. Thank you Madam Chair, ranking Member Keating also. Wonderful. Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, could you repeat your introduction again, please? Yes. It's a, it's a, we have set the standard on the floor of the house and I'm simply, What is that standard, Mr. Chairman, the standard? Would you repeat what you just said? I, when you introduced a duly elected representative from the United States of America, please. I will.


The representative from Delaware. Mr. McBride, Mr. Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you known decency? Have you no decency. It's indecent. And out of order to acknowledge biological reality in Congress these days and acknowledge it with one word, Mr. It's indecent. I want you to listen to what out kick podcast host Tommy Larin said about this exchange, again, really relevant to this conversation. Take a listen. Take a listen closely to what she says. There is a representative who is transgender.


Sarah McBride was purposely referred to as mr. And it's getting a lot of traction. I feel like it's mean-spirited to Do it just to be mean. Now that doesn't mean that I want transgender people in women's sports or women's spaces because that has an actual physical tangible impact. It's mean, it's mean-spirited To call Mr. McBride. Mr. You should call a ma'am and you she her pronouns to his face according to Tommy Larin, because that's the kind thing to do. But Christians aren't called to merely be nice.


We are called to defend truth. Saint Augustine argued that failing to correct error out of desire to avoid conflict is not love but cowardice. We should want the best for people. And sometimes that requires something called tough love. If you're a parent, you know what it's, it doesn't mean you have to be over the top and cruel. There are ways of doing things and simply and calmly saying Mr in front of a national audience so as not to set a public precedent that men can be women is not cruel. That congressman was not being cruel when he called Mr. McBride.


Mr. St. Augustine wrote In matters of truth, charity is served by holding to the truth, not by yielding to error for the sake of peace. Defending the good in 2024 often requires the courage to speak hard truths because superficial niceness enables evil. When we aren't looking to what is good and and true in Christianity, we are blinded by this obsession with niceness. This is why I said that we need a moral standard deeper, more concrete that is Christianity. That's more than just what feels right.


It isn't nice to say that a transgender identifying male online prostitute with a publicly documented cannibalism fetus, fetish, shouldn't hold public office. Is that what we're saying? Who are we to judge? He was born this way as Lady Gaga would say, only a society that has lost his moral compass. Having forsaken the Christian truths that once guided it would ever even entertain such a question as who are we to judge when we're talking about having a transgender identifying online prostitute with a cannibalism fetish leading a community of people.


It would be inconceivable for a real Christian society. But we've descended so far away from that that we are again, like I said, blinded by this idea of niceness of tolerance. Clearly this idea of constant tolerance is cancerous. You can't tolerate evil. And this unchecked relativism coming from our own side is eroding all of our standards. And trust me, this is a huge problem for conservatives. Conservatism is always incrementally moving the goalpost so that one day you're defending the sanctity of marriage and the next day you're saying, well, if you're an adult you can transfer yourself but not kids.


And then we say, well, you know, maybe if you're, if you're a kid but you're not an infant, like where, where does it end? How far are we gonna take this? One other example of what I'm talking about, Satanists and Kansas are participating in a black mass dedicating the state capital of Kansas to the devil himself. Yep. A group called the Satanic grotto has been given the green light by the Kansas Capital event coordinator to hold their quote, capital dedication to Satan on March 28th from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM and per the Satanic grotto Facebook page, they'll be performing rights to the black mass and indulging in sacrilegious blasphemy.


And then it says, God will fall and Kansas will be embraced by the black flame of Lucifer. Michael says, it makes it hard to be a libertarian. And we're gonna take down libertarianism today. This is an anti libertarianism show right now. This is why Michael Noel said that Michael and I, my husband Michael and I are in a mixed marriage. 'cause I am very traditionalist and Michael's a little more of a libertarian. So we get into some arguments. But the argument from people like Michael is often, well cities let churches put up nativity scenes and public bro public and, and they say prayers on, on public grounds and in state houses. We can't be discriminating against other religions like the Church of Satan.


They're a religion too. Really. What are the founders of the Declaration of Independence have to say about this? This is, I'm gonna quote the declaration for the support of this declaration With a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence. We mutually pre pledge our lives to each other, to mutually prep, pledge to each other, our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. Lemme just repeat that first part for the support of this declaration with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence. And that's just one example of the founders evoking God in the declaration.


God as divine providence gave the founders divine protection and legitimacy to create this entire country. But the state can't differentiate between satanism and Christianity because meritocracy or something, give me a break. The state's endorsement of Satanists dedicating Kansas to the devil, not only is a betrayal of the state's own responsibility to uphold the public good, but it's also a reckless assault on the spiritual and civic foundations of the United States. United States. And guys, this is why libertarianism doesn't work, because I can't make that distinction if I'm a libertarian, it's all about relativism and meritocracy. And there can't be a moral hierarchy because that's not the government's role.


The founding fathers libertarians, I'm sorry, they would disagree with you because they evoked God so many times. Our our nation was founded as a Christian nation. John Adams said it was made solely for a moral and religious people. They knew that with the amount of amazing liberty that the people were getting, there needed to be a moral code guiding the people. Without that, without Christianity, without that foundation, we get the trancing of children. We get a elected official, or I guess an appointed official who's an OnlyFans online prostitute and who has a cannibalism fetish.


We get satanist in Kansas dedicating the Kansas capital to the devil himself. That's what we get with relativism. This is the fruits of it. And we have to be able to call out evil wherever it is personally. But also the government needs to be able to do that because again, the founders never intended for this kind of relativism, moral relativism, this kind of unchecked meritocracy that's completely contrary to the public good. That was never the intent.


But I still love Michael. He's, he, yes, I am reminded, I still love Michael despite his libertarian shortcomings. I just have a lot of disagreements on this issue. It's, you guys will have no idea how many times Michael and I argue back and forth in this and I feel bad 'cause he has to sit there. He can't talk about it. He doesn't have a mic. Maybe he says just wait for the new studio and he's, he's right about that. Well, he'll, he'll, he'll interject a little bit. It'll gimme some pushback and it'll be like what it's like at the dinner table at home with us. But guys, libertarianism, it's not the answer. All right, I do wanna cover the story everyone has been talking about this week. I haven't gotten to it now I, I feel like I have to give my take here because I've spent some time thinking about it.


So a guy named Mahmud, Khalil, a Palestinian, so a foreigner activist and a Columbia University graduate. Previous graduate student was detained this week by ice. Now Khalil was involved in spearheading the Columbia protests last spring, which included essentially occupying parts of campus and restricting freedom of movement for other students. No formal charges have been filed against this man. But in a statement to NBC news on Sunday, A DHS security spokesperson, DHS spokesperson said Khalil was arrested in coordination with ICE in the State Department in support of President Trump's executive orders prohibiting anti-Semitism end.


They're de they're detaining him officially for being anti-Semitic. And in a statement on truth, president Trump described Khalil as pro Hamas, which is a terrorist organization of course. And per federal law, I did some digging into this. I actually was like, what does the language really say so I can actually know what's going on here. And an immigrant here on a visa can be deported for engaging. And this is a quote, engaging in a terrorist activity. And it's pretty, it's pretty broad. What, what is a terrorist activity? It doesn't mean that you're carrying out terrorist acts necessarily. This law says, and I'm gonna again quote you guys, endorsing or or espousing terrorist activity or persuading others to endorse or espouse terrorist activity or support a terrorist organization.


So it's very broad. It doesn't mean that he's a member of Hamas, but if he is doing things that seem to be supportive of Hamas or he's encouraging others to do things that are somewhat supportive of Hamas, that is grounds for deportation. And this kid is actually, if, if he is a supporter of Hamas' admin, again, totally in their right to deport him. This is it. I read it, I read it to you guys out loud, like they have the right. I will say though, I haven't personally seen any evidence that Khalil is explicitly pro Hamas, but it's possible that the admin will come out with some more evidence once the real charges have been brought against him, if there will be charges brought against him. So we'll see on that front.


Again, I'm not, I wouldn't be surprised if, if he was explicitly pro Hamas as he was spearheading this organization and he's a Palestinian student. We don't know though, and I'm just gonna be with real with you guys. I actually personally don't think the government should need to cri need criminal charges to deport aliens, legal or illegal in this country. I don't even think they need to be terror sympathizers. I I think that the government can just deport you for any reason whatsoever. If you are an alien in this country, you don't have the same rights as citizens. I don't know why this is confusing people, but you don't have the same rights as US citizens now. Nobody can kill you. Nobody can rape you and hurt you and, you know, violate basic human rights. But the right to be in this country that's reserved for citizens.


You don't have, nobody has a right to be here unless you are an American citizen. You don't, not everyone seems to agree with this just completely lies in the face of, of federal law in reality. But whatever, that's a lot of people these days. So there are a lot of people acting absolutely hysterical on the left about this young man being detained by ice. And I want you to look at them losing their minds at Tom Holman yesterday in the New York State Capitol. This is very deranged. Take a listen.


The They're screaming like they're, they're completely, they've completely lost their minds. And guys, I, I gotta tell you when I saw that, but especially when I saw those protests last spring, I had a really unexpected, visceral reaction. I didn't think I was gonna feel this way. I, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't. Who, who knows that I was gonna feel, but I was flooded with these memories of when I was in college and I was abused by these little Marxist skulls because they didn't conform with them politically.


I didn't agree with them ideologically. And so they were horrible to me. It reminded me of being in college and getting death threats and constant online harassment from people who I previously thought were my friends. Like it brought back so many memories. Like I, it was like I knew that type of student that was occupying the campus and it was just, it brought back a lot. Seeing them occupy campuses restrict movement, replace the American flag with the Palestinian one, it was enraging. And I was really proud of my friends who were still on campus last spring who I'd been in school with.


They really stood up for this country during that time. I, I can't even describe to you guys how proud I was of my friends who were still there. 'cause there was a, a similar occupation at the University of Chicago, like what they had at Columbia. Here's my friend Mi Mitch Robson trying to just get to class and being completely inhibited by these students who have just taken over. Alright, I'll just start here. Hey Aaron. Hey, what's up man? Hey, I'm passing Globalizing. All right, and the new, you have these mass individuals coming up and Covering. This is in basketball stop setting, trying, Stopping from moving.


Alright. I noticed how they're always masked. Alright. Yep. Hey, what's up? What's up? I'm getting surrounded right now. Libertarian, I will say you guys, but I love Mitch. He's awesome now. So it gets even better. And I'm gonna tell you why. I was actually really proud of my friends at U Chicago. Mitch was just, he was just walking through campus. He was like, I don't care. I'm gonna get to it. Mitch, by the way, is a Jewish student. He was like, I'm just gonna walk through, you guys aren't gonna stop me from using my campus. And, and I, kudos to him for being that brave. Some of my friends, including Mitch still on campus, actually confronted these pro-Palestine students because they were going to take down the Palestinian flag off the flagpole on campus and raise up the American flag.


Take a look. Fuck that flagpole. Thank you. It was a frat bro protest. So I think all the, all the, all the Jewish students from the, from the Jewish frat showed up as well as like my friends from the Chicago thinker. It was a really, really cool moment. This is an edit someone made of them actually breaking the wall of, of people of, of the Palestinian protestors, pro Palestine protestors. By the way, the guy in the, the cowboy hat that was in that video, that'll be in this video. His name is Arthur Long. Really great guy. Let's play that.


You're just pushing through like, you're like, we're gonna carry the American flag. We're gonna walk through these crazy people. I mean, it is like the most powerful, amazing moment and the flags flying and each Chicago campus is gorgeous. I guys, again, like I said, I'm so proud of them. And these campus occupations were unacceptable. You don't get to block students and professors who have an equal right to access the campus. You don't have a right to say you guys can't move freely and replacing American flags with Palestinian ones. That's a hard no. Absurd. And yeah, I didn't mean the, the photos from this thing were so great again, you guys, I was so proud of my friends, but, and there's a but here you guys, because I'm gonna tell you I'm a little bit puzzled by this ice detention, by this potential deportation.


I'm gonna tell you why. Because in 2020, I don't know if everybody has some memory of that memory of that time, but in 2020 Marxist college students carried out an assault on the United States of America. This country, the United States of America, this country, I smeared it as racist. Black Lives Matter rioters were explicitly Marxist inspired. And that ideology is coming from the college campuses. It's the same ideology that inspired the pro Palestine occupation on college campuses. But in 2020, far worse, we repeat far worse than occupying college campuses.


These BLM riders, which included countless college students, they toppled statues of the founding fathers. They ransack cities engaging in vandalism, looting and arson. And yet there were no calls to deport the foreign students who took part in the destruction. None. There were no congressional hearings about anti-white racism or hatred of America like there were about anti-Semitism and Israel hatred. And Congress, actually both Democrat and Republican members of Congress voice their support for those criminals consumed by a seething hatred for this nation and the legacy of our founding fathers.


Harvard now officially states that, and this is a quote claiming that the existence of the state of Israel is a racist endeavor. Is, I'm sorry, this is a quote claiming the existence of the state of Israel is a racist endeavor is anti-Semitic. So you cannot call Israel a racist endeavor without being labeled anti-Semitic by the university and risking violation of Harvard University's non-discrimination in anti-bullying policies. Has it been deemed that claiming that the existence of the United States is a, a racist endeavor anti-American at any university? Has it, is it anti-American to say that America's a racist country?


No. Has it been labeled that officially by any university? Does it violate any non-discrimination or anti-bullying policies? No. 'cause again, it's not demia and anti-American. In fact, saying America is racist, is baked into the curriculum of all these schools. This is what they teach. By the way, I don't think that anti-American sentiment or anti-Semitism should be defined and potentially punishable for American college students because these are thought crimes. They are subjective and there's, they're an absurd thing to punish people over. If you sincerely believe an authentic free inquiry on campus, your president Trump vowed on truth social to find apprehend and deport these terrorist sympathizers in our country and never to allow 'em to return again.


But are we applying the same standard to the foreign born BLM riders who targeted America itself? Or is the administration's wrath only reserved for those who target Israel and Jews? I think it's bizarre. We seem to care more about attacks on a foreign nation than our own country. And look, like I said, I didn't like those campus occupations. I hated them. The vast majority of those students were motivated by Marxism. They don't care about Palestinians. I see right through that crap. I know those kids and I think Khalil could be rightfully deported, irrespective of whether he's even a terrorist sympathizer. I don't even care about that question. Deport him, deport anyone you want who's an alien to this country. Most of 'em shouldn't be here at all.


But I'm just deeply puzzled by the double standard here because my concern first and foremost as an American is this country is the mythos in the identity and the survival of this country. And I am really disturbed that so many Americans and especially members of Congress and people in this administration don't seem to feel the same way. Alright, switching gears here. Netflix is creating a Narnia movie, which again, nobody asked for, nobody wants in Narnia movie. They made a great one in 2005 and it was wonderful. Michael says it was not that great, but it actually was great. He's wrong about that. That that Narnia movie that came out in oh five from Disney was good and I thought the other ones were good too.


It they were, they were so well done. Anyways, so Netflix's remaking Narnia, nobody asked for this. It's gonna be directed by the Barbie director. Greta Gerwig and Hollywood sources are now saying that Charlie XCX is one of the top choices for a key role, potentially Jdi the white Witch in the Narnia series. Now, who is Charlie XC X? She is the British singer who song Apple from the album brat went mega viral in support of Kamala Harris and her campaign. People are saying that Kamala people, people were saying Kamala is brat and they were, if you don't know what that is, you guys, I barely know what that is. I'm, I'm done explaining Kamala and I am brat.


But they were, there were a lot of dances to the brat song in support of Kamala Harris. Let's put that video, Mikey, just so people know what we're talking about. There's a whole dance to it. Everybody did the same thing. And again, it was like all, for some reason in support of Kamala Harris, I'm not sure exactly how this was like gonna help her win the election and obviously it didn't. But they were all over everyone's feet, right? We had all these videos. Charlie Xcx almost was like synonymous with Kamala Harris. Charlie Xcx is Brett Kamala Harris is brought, we do this little dance song. It was like a symbol of the Kamala campaign.


Now we also learned that the Narnia movie that no one asked for is going to be rock and roll themed, potentially, whatever that means. So Narnia is gonna be rock and roll themed. We're gonna get Charlie XC X and I'm gonna tell you guys, here's what my big fear is. Greta Gerwig and Charlie XC X, they're girl bosses, they're the epitome of modern feminism. They're defining it culturally all the time. They are mo like cultural femin. Feminism has poster girls as Greta Gerwig and Charlie XCX. And I think Greta Gerwig will want to turn the white Witch into an empowered anti-hero and make Hery figure of cultural disruption in a positive way.


That's my fear with this. The spinoff. The spinoff, this, this reimagining Ania CS Lewis wrote the white Witch as a clear symbol of evil. She embodied Satan's pride, deception, and rebellion against divine order against a God. Him himself. She's supposed to be Satan in a fur coat. That's the white Witch that, I mean he was, he was very, CS Lewis was very explicit about the allegories he was making in, in the Narnia series. Like this is not, this is not disputed like white Witch Satan in a fur coat. Jadis is prideful. She wipes out land, land in her home planet to just flex her power.


Just like Satan subverted God's creation, Jace's eternal winter. And her tyrannical rule over Narnia is in a fallen world is only redeemed by Aslan and Aslan's Christ-like sacrifice. I mean, does this sound familiar to the biblical story you guys? It's the same thing. It's totally allegorical. This is what, this is what we're talking about. So my fear is we're just gonna flip CS Lewis's story about good and evil and turn it into some sort of feminist anthem, which is what Greta, Greta Gerberg always does. And Charlie xx is the embodiment of we're gonna have like Jadis is this morally gray character and she's misunderstood and really she's kind of cool, like how Disney made Maleficent in Beauty and the Beast actually kind of a cool good character with this like backstory that explains why she's evil.


I'm like, I'm sick of that. Can we just have some good and evil, some black and white stories? Like why does everything have to be morally gray and in life there's a lot of moral gray area, but when you're talking about children stories and we're trying to teach children about the good and the true and the beautiful, you have to portray evil. Like that is why you have the white Witch who is so transparently evil. She's the devil. And then you have Lyn who is Christ. This wouldn't be a creative tweak that I am imagining will probably happen in this remake. It would be a cultural erasure of the West spiritual heritage. And I know that sounds crazy and far and, and you know far out, but it's true.


Replacing the battle between divine good and evil with a trendy secular feminist narrative is an attack on our civilization. I think as a classic story like Narnia, which is so widely read by the youth in this country, to twist it in that way distort its purpose. And for, for civilization built on Christianity, this is one more example of Hollywood diluting the moral clarity that's shaped our art ethics identity for centuries. Replacing it with a hollow ratified version of sacred story that no longer challenges sin but would actually celebrate it. Remember what I said earlier in the show about tolerating evil and then celebrating evil and it, it's just a slippery slope when you don't have a moral code rooted in something concrete.


This is what we get girl boss, white Witch, who's actually not that bad, which is kind of cool. And like you guys, I don't know if there that's actually gonna happen, but this is my bet. I think it's gonna happen, especially if Charlie XCX is the white Witch. And you guys can call me out if I'm wrong, but I don't think I'm gonna be wrong about this one. I don't, you guys, I know Greta Wick, I know Charlie XCX, I can see what's coming. All right, I gotta get to this. I gotta get your, your opinions on this is what I really want. So a woman who refused to give up her give up her airplane seat to a child has filed a lawsuit against the airline and the passenger who recorded the incident. By the way, the person who recorded this incident was not the mother of this child, just some random person.


And the woman said in the statement, since that incident, my life has taken a turn. I could never have imagined what could have been just an ordinary flight turned into an extremely embarrassing situation, exposing me unfairly and causing consequences that affected both my personal and professional life. I'm not gonna play the video of this because it's in, it's all in Portuguese. His moment is Brazilian. The the airline is not an American airline. Well, Gee is, Gee is Brazilian. He knows Portuguese. Maybe Gee can translate it for us and we can talk about it later. But like I said, this is something that happens a lot. Oddly enough, people go online and they complain about others trying to have them move their seat and they paid for the seat.


And so if you pay for a window seat and then some mom wants you to switch because of her child and you say, no Thank you, I already paid for the seat, people on the internet will defend you. And then some people will be like, no, you're an evil person, you're a bad person. I kind of sympathize with that a little bit. Like if, if you paid for your seat, you wanna sit at the window and then somebody says, oh, move for my child. Pretty ridiculous. A pretty ridiculous thing to say. Now at the same time, I have traveled with all of my siblings, I've traveled without, without parents and multiple siblings. And sometimes, especially if you book late and there's not really a lot of options to make sure you guys are all together.


You gotta ask people to move. And, and I'm not even saying together, like if I'm traveling with like all night and my siblings, I need them all to be together. No, there just needs to be a big kid with a little kid and a little kid can't be together with a little kid and they can't be alone by themselves. I mean, you just, you have to Do it that way. It's, it's inappropriate for the kid to be alone. And so I'm always appreciative when other people will willingly and gladly switch. They, they're, I think we have to be more accommodating to parents in this world. I mean, if you see a baby crying, it's like the baby can't do anything about it. But then there are always people who complain. It's like, like, don't, don't complain. So I'm saying, I'm kind of, I'm kind of saying two things here. I want you guys to drop a comment and tell me what you think about this.


But I will say I've had experiences with people who just seem to hate children and it really irks me because one time my mom asked me to fly Valentina out to Arizona to visit her grandparents. My grandparents, my parents were really busy, obviously they, Valentina could not fly alone. So I flew with her to Arizona and then flew back to where I live. And she was the best baby in the world on this flight. I mean she was probably, she was four at the time and so well behaved. And Valentina of course has Down syndrome. So she's four, but really she's cognitively much younger than four. She, she can't say at that, at that time she couldn't say any words.


So she's, she's basically like a baby, a toddler who is really cognitively a baby. And she was unbelievably well behaved like so good all through security, walking to the gate on the plane, she was smiling, she was happy. And then when she got on the plane after playing a little bit and being really sweet, she fell asleep and she actually, she had her own seat. She wasn't on my lap or anything. So the way it was was set up. I had the window seat, she, Valentina was in the middle and there was an older woman in the aisle seat Valentina falls asleep on the middle seat and her head is resting on my lap and her little feet are barely touching the sides of this older woman's chair.


And she was not, she was not restless. She was, she wasn't even touching the lady, she was just kind of, she was invading her space a little bit. And to have a baby fall asleep on a plane like that, that is much preferable to having them awake and trying to entertain them. I'll just say. So I thought it was a benefit to all of us. Oh yeah, there is Valentina with my grandparents. She's visiting them right now actually. She, my grandparents love her. They love when she comes out there for for weeks at a time. My grandparents are like those old people who just love children. And I don't know, I just found it so weird because unlike my grandparents who love children, this woman was giving me the stink eye, the whole flight because this little girl was sleeping and her little feet were a little on, on this woman's chair and she wasn't touching the lady.


The lady was a petite woman. She wasn't touching the lady, but the lady was still clearly upset about it. And I just have to think you guys, how can people not like kids? How can people be so upset about little children, especially ones as well behaved as Valentina was on that flight. I just don't get it. So I think we need to be accommodating and welcoming of children, especially when we aren't meeting replacement rates. We need children right now. We wanna pay for social security and, and, and Medicare and Medicaid. We, you have to have children. Nobody's gonna support it if we don't and we're not meeting replacement rates. It's a huge problem economically to care for the older generation in this country.


We need children. We gotta support parents who actually have them. Alright, I also wanna mention toddlers and the toddlers who during covid were booted off of flights for not wearing masks. Do you guys remember this? Toddlers? Were not wearing masks. It just remind the story, reminded me of it and how angry I was during that time. Let's play one of those videos, Michael. It's bullshit, bullshit. Do it. Actually pause it for a second. We all seen It. Hope we could. So the flight, this was, this was with WestJet and the police are threatening a man and his wife with arrest and forcible removal unless their daughter of three years, daughters of three years and 19 months wore masks and the 3-year-old put on the mask.


But the 19-year-old, 19 month old clearly was having a meltdown. She was hysterical. She was not going to put on this mask. Take a look, Phoenix it. Listen to we have all seen it. This isn't gonna get finished. You this chair, hold up the excuse. What is your, what is his name? Everyone has seen it. No, no, he, everyone has seen it. Where were you riding a bicycle at this fucking time? The a girls don't be have mask your child.


When you asked several times, how do you know that you weren't here wearing just so We'll with that. It's, it's patently insane. I can't even believe that that was happening where you had babies and they were like, put the mask on the baby, otherwise you're not gonna be able to, to be on this flight anymore. We're gonna kick you off. And actually parents were banned from airlines because their babies didn't wear masks. Air travel is a nightmare and passengers are constantly getting treated like crap thanks to decades I'd say, of government bailouts which have turned airlines into bloated government dependent giants that are too big to fail American United delta. And that that that flight was, was a Canadian airline, but this was happening on American Airlines as well.


It all leaned on taxpayer money to avoid collapse, especially during Covid. And after nine 11 in the case of Covid, the government really is at fault because they forced the airlines to, to essentially shut down for the world to shut down for. There'd be all this fear around travel. So really it's the government's fault, but this dependency means that airlines answer to the government regulators and creditors, not to customers. That means cutting corners. It means cramped seats and long lines and port service and so many sectors of our economy that applies to, and it's really, really frustrating. But you guys, please drop a comment. Let me know what your thoughts are on giving up your seat for children, even if you paid for it. Let me know what you think. And you know, as always you guys, I'm here 9:00 AM Eastern time, five days a week.


You wanna follow me on Instagram or X? My user is Avita Duffy. One. Make sure you're tune into Dan's show today and, and tomorrow 'cause it's his last two shows before he joins the FBI. And also make sure to tune to Hailey's show nightly scroll with Hailey at 6:00 PM Eastern Time. We'll also be on this Bungee Report channel. So bun to report bel.com/avita. You can find my stuff, you can find Hailey's stuff and I'm so glad you guys are here for the ride. Thank you so much for tuning in. I'll see you all tomorrow.