
Spam, it's special. Election Day, Wisconsin. Florida. Are you in one of those states? Have you gotten every single person you know out to vote just yet? Well, it's election day. Now's your last chance. Save your country. Get everybody out to vote. It's another episode of VINCE. Glad to have you with us. We got a lot of stuff coming up today. I've got the, well, a couple of marathons. President Trump did a marathon executive order, oval office session again yesterday with the press. That was fun. Cory Booker's been doing a marathon talk Aon all night in the United States Senate. Nobody really cares about it. In fact, that might be the last time I even mentioned it. It's so pathetic. Also, the United States Department of Justice. Well, they're unsealing charges against Tesla terrorists and so much more ahead on another and important special election edition VINCE Plus, We got Scott Presler joining us on the ground in Wisconsin.


He's hustling to get those Supreme Court votes in Wisconsin all ahead. Can't wait to chat with you about it in mere moments, but first, I gotta thank the people who make this show possible. Make it free.


I've been using the bond charge infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask ever since they sent them to me. I can't recommend those enough. And I, I first turned to that sauna blanket to help ease up with muscle recovery detoxification. It's become a total game changer in my life, and it's easy to use. Just wrap yourself up. Let that infrared heat work its magic. I've noticed a real difference in how relaxed and rejuvenated that I feel afterwards. And the red light face mask, very impressive too. I've been using that to help improve my skin texture and reduce inflammation. And it's given me fantastic results. It'll do the same for you. It's like having a mini spa treatment right at home. Now, if you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck@tobondcharge.com. Use that code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact in my life. They're gonna do the same for you. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


What's up everybody? It's great to have you this morning. Holy cow. Look at the chat. Everyone going wild already? Good to have you here with us. Are you excited about this special election? Are you excited about it? Do you feel good about it? Where are you emotionally on this subject right now? I am seeing a little bit more optimism coming into the morning. I'm seeing some of The election analysts on the right looking at this thing going, Hey, the looking a little bit better than we expected. So that's a good thing. Say that again, boys. They're talking to me. I I've chatter in my earpiece. It means nothing apparently. No. Okay. Justin thought he was muted. He wasn't muted.


He was very disruptive. You, you looking forward to this, people feeling a little bit. People are nervous right now. I'm seeing people saying Grammy 40 40 saying vote red Wisconsin. Harry Hugh Johnson. Harry Hugh Johnson. That's a great name. I feel pretty good. Of course you do. Harry Hugh Johnson, 10, 10, 10. Get and vote. Get all those people, you know, out to vote and yeah, get out and vote. Get out and vote. This is a big day for that. And we desperately need to retain control of the house by whatever margin we can possibly have it at. And in Wisconsin, that Supreme Court needs to go red. We need to have control of that Supreme Court in Wisconsin. And the reason for that is so the left can't rig The election there.


That's it. This is all about can the elect, can the elections be rigged going forward? Will the Wisconsin Supreme Court rig The election going forward? Yes or no? And the answer is no. If conservatives can control the court. So Brad Shiel is your guy in Wisconsin. So get out there and vote. And we've got coming up. As I said, Scott Presler is gonna join us. Talk about everything that's going on in Wisconsin. Hey, one thing that I have to tell you that I I've been completely fixated on is these attacks on Tesla and Elon Musk, and of course your country that keep happening. The United States Department of Justice says that they're all over this. They've been trying to pursue whoever is leading these terror attacks.


And Pam Bondi, she had a big announcement that she filmed for you yesterday. Here it is. This is Pam Bondy, the Attorney General of the United States, saying they've unsealed charges against one of the Molotov cocktail throwing terrorists. Take a look. I've made it clear. If you take part in the wave of domestic terrorism against Tesla properties, we will find you, arrest you and put you behind bars. Today I'm proud to announce that the Department of Justice has unsealed federal charges against another Tesla attacker. We've charged Cooper Frederick in the firebombing of a Tesla dealership that occurred on March 7th in Loveland, Colorado.


All of these cases are a serious threat to public safety. Therefore, there will be no negotiating. We are seeking 20 years in prison. The crime was committed in Colorado, and thanks to the great investigative work by the FBI, the defendant was arrested in Plano, Texas. Let this be a warning. You can run, but you cannot hide. Justice is coming. Alright, couple thoughts about this video. One, these people, these terrorists, definitely deserve to have the book thrown at them. 20 years is a lot of time in jail, and that's a lot of time to think about what you did.


The other point of this is not merely to impose consequences on the guy who threw Molotov cocktails at a Tesla dealership, but also is to convey a message to anybody else who would commit a terror attack that, hey, there are consequences for this. Don't even think about it, because this fate could await you. So I like that part of it. What I don't love, though, and let me, I just wanna get your reaction to some of this all, just, just let me know if, if you're happy here with Attorney General Pam Bonde or if if, if there's something else you'd like to say. What I don't love is this is basically the same character we already knew about we, we knew about this guy. It's not that name. Pam Bonde is saying that out loud is not the first time this has come out.


Cooper Joe Frederick is 24 years old. He was arrested March 14th. This is, this is by the way, this is, this news came to us a couple weeks ago after the attacks first resulted in an arrest by local authorities and arrested March 14th, following an extensive investigation into multiple attacks on a Loveland Tesla dealership located at, well Lincoln Avenue. They describe, and so this is Loveland, Colorado. They say the charges against him are as shocking as the crimes themselves. The use of explosives or incendiary devices during a felony possession of such devices, second degree arson and criminal mischief.


Frederick's arrest comes after a March 7th incident where he is accused of igniting an incendiary device. This would be a Molotov cocktail, and then hurling it at the dealership. Narrowly missing several parked vehicles. The device landed between two cars, presumably Teslas creating a fire that put lives at risk. Lovelin Police said a quick thinking officer on the scene was able to extinguish the flames before any serious injuries occurred. Rocks were also thrown, damaging both the building in multiple vehicles. Rocks were also thrown. That's a passive voice sentence. Who threw the rocks? Presumably they're saying Cooper, Joe Frederick threw the rocks as well. So damage to this Tesla facility.


And so, so in other words, yes, Pam Bondi is sharing news. I'm seeing some people saying, this is the first time I've heard it. Good, that's fine. That, that she's, that this is the first time you've heard it. I'm glad she's making this more public to let people know that there are consequences. But I wanna see more. Am I, is it too much to ask that I see more? Is it too much? Because I got it. Like a couple of transgender people have been arrested, like people who think that they're born in the wrong body conducting these terrorist attacks. And yes, we've got this guy Cooper, Joe Frederick, who's throwing some Molotov cocktails. He's caught. But I'd like to see a lot more arrests. It wasn't just four terror attacks. They've been happening across the country. And here's another piece here.


Who, who's telling Cooper Joe Frederick to throw Molotov cocktails? Who's behind all of this? How is it that all of these terror attacks happened at the same time? And you might, you might be able to make a case. You say, look, these are mentally ill people. These are deranged people. They're easily triggered. They can be easily manipulated and motivated. Okay? And and maybe that's the case, but who's manipulating them? Who's motivating them? What's the centralized planning that's going into all of these attacks? That's the core question, isn't it? So if you wanna stop all of this, you've gotta stop it by going to the core of it, the root of it. And so, yeah, look, I got like, yeah, kick, kick Wease two says, we're getting impatient.


Yes, we are. We are getting impatient. We'd like to see more progress here. And, and so Pam Bondy, you know, it's a big job, the Attorney General of the United States, but we're gonna sit here and we're gonna scrutinize the Justice Department with a lot of aggression because I don know about you. But this Justice Department, as far as I'm concerned over these many years, has not served us well. In fact, it's worked actively against us. It's attacked American citizens. So the people who are now tasked with running it are expected to offer a pretty dramatic course correction very quickly. And that does mean following the money. That does mean rooting out the corruption here. That does mean getting to the center of a terrorist enterprise and figuring out who's causing all this, stopping it for good.


So yes, love the consequences, love seeing the video, love seeing the 20 year sentence. But I wanna see more. I wanna see more. Is that so much to ask? I don't think so. Not not when it comes to your own country. More, more, more says Miss de Var. More, more, more says N WF 21. More, more, more. That's the read from the chat that I thank you very much. Yeah. Ser Serena Marie P 84 says January 6th didn't take this long. That's right. No. January 6th, they had, they were putting people on the slammer left and right and they did it relentlessly for years. The, the full Biden administration, it was just arresting American citizens, embarrassing them in front of their families, bankrupting them in some cases, leading them to suicide, leading them to, to absolute ruin.


Families destroyed. That's what the left does when they get get control of power. What does the right do? What does the right do? What should the right do? I'm awaiting some big results there. I want justice. I don't want, I don't want tyranny. I want justice. That's what I want. And these terrorists continue, guys, listen to this. You know, and some of them are com honestly, the biggest morons you could possibly imagine. There's a, a Tesla vandal who was just caught on camera. And this guy is based out of Doylestown, Pennsylvania. He was in the parking lot of a Planet Fitness in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. And this democrat scraped a swastika.


These democrats, sir, know how to draw swastikas, don't, they scraped a swastika into the side of a Tesla and then was caught by the Tesla's owner on camera. Look at this Free service, you know, free service. How about you pay for the repairs? Write a check. Listen, I can, you just bought a Tesla. I can wipe it off in the towel. No, no, it's not key. No, it is a hate crime, sir. It was, it was a crayon. It's a hate crime. Assuming it Was a crayon. Did you write a swastika on there? I'm sorry. You're upset. Did you write a sst? It didn't even, it didn't even work. Apparently. It doesn't work. Did you write aray swastika on the, it's a key, sir. We see it on the video. It's not a key. Did you? Is it a swastika? I was probably putting my keys in my pocket. Is it a swastika? Have you looked at your car? Awar? Is there, is there a key mark?


Yes. Is it a tica? It's not. That's impossible. It's at the police right now. It's being fingerprinted. What a loser. It's being Fingerprinted because they, they're trying to track you down. Thankfully Facebook tracked you down. So your business, your freaking livelihood, everything now, because you chose to write a so through tough Facebook that you're sorry for writing a swastika on a Tesla. Listen, I said I'm sorry for what? And I apologize For what? For what? I have nothing against your what car for? And I have nothing against you. So why would you write a swastika Company? I have nothing against Tesla. Obvious. Obviously I have something against Elon Musk, But that's not the way show. So Elon Musk owns that car because it was paid for. It was so, it was bought and paid for a long time ago.


That's why it's misguided. And obviously I did not intend to do this, sir. Alright, We're gonna wait for the, I did not intend to do this. I didn't, I didn't intend to do this. It was my emotional incontinence that led to this moment. I just can't control myself. I'm an overgrown toddler. You can't blame me. I have no emotional discipline whatsoever. So I scraped a swastika into the side of your car with a crayon. That's hilarious. He really is an overgrown toddler. If he really did have a crayon, he was, he had a crayon. He was drawing on the side of a Tesla with a crayon, a swastika. And of course, that's not what he was doing. He was keying the side of the vehicle. And he goes, well, maybe I had my keys. Maybe they slipped into my pocket. You duplicitous little scumbag.


And so this guy gets caught doing it and like a little like little beta coward that he is, gets caught on camera. And the guy goes, Hey, what are you doing here? What'd you do in my car? And I would bet you, by the way, the guy with the camera was bigger than him. I would, I would bet you that was part of this. And also the guy on the camera is laying out, Hey, look, I told the cops about this. They're fingerprinting things right now. Did you see his face go stark white? Did you see his face go stark white? He goes, he goes, what? What is happening? They're, they're finger, yes, they're fingerprinting. The whole internet caught you. I put it on Facebook. Everybody knows who you are. And so your life is now going to change forever because of what you just did, the terror attack that you just led. The hate crime that you just committed on my vehicle.


And so this guy's like, well, I'm sorry, I I I didn't mean to, I didn't intend to. What do you mean you didn't intend to? Did you use your brain and your limbs and your key and scrape it into my car? Well, yeah, you intended to do it. And lastly, they're his motivations. He said, I wasn't doing it to you, I was doing it to Elon. What are you mental? You're doing it to Elon, you know, doesn't own this car. I own this car. You what? What in the hell are you possibly talking about before we even explore? Why would you be doing this to Elon if this is who you thought you were actually doing it to? How do you become so completely stupid that you attack some random American for literally just owning a Tesla and think that you're sticking it to Elon, you psychopath So amazing.


It's just like these guys, I mean, not very smart people in many cases. I, I was talking to the President Trump about this last week on this program. You can go check it out. And we talked about that and we, we both agreed these people are idiots. Some of these attackers are not smart at all. They're like, they're gonna have to, there's cameras all around the Tesla. They're capturing every moment of these attacks, capturing their faces, capturing their license plays as President Trump said, yeah, they're not smart. They're not smart. He goes, but, and this gets back to what I was saying about Pam Bondi a moment ago, but you know, who is smart President Trump offered? He said, it's the people who are funding it, the people who are behind it. And President Trump, I believe rightly, believes that there are smart and insidious people who are motivating so many of these attacks.


So worth keeping an eye on that. 'cause that's what we need the answers to. That's what we need the answers to. I, I got a siren. You hear that siren Boys? You hear that going by me right now? Probably a Tesla terrorist. We're chasing 'em down right now. Anyway. We're in the Rumble Studios right now. You guys all feeling good? You feel good about the direction of the country right now? I I'm glad the glad the Trump people are in.


I also feel good. I'm gonna, I'll I'll mention this in more detail. Coming up Jacked up fitness. I feel good about Jack Up Fitness. 'cause We got home yesterday. I got home yesterday and the family just coming back, my kid coming back from school. We got, I got done the radio show, got back to the house and I went absolutely wild on my jacked up fitness power rec pro yesterday. And I feel very, very good about how things went. Little body weight dips, you know, little, a bunch of little chest workout. It was great. Went absolutely ham on the triceps yesterday. I don't know. Look, all I'm saying is try to keep up. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. Try to keep up. It's gonna be good. It's gonna be very good. Also a crap ton of protein that's my whole life is like just oriented in the right direction right now. So thank you to Jacked Up Fitness. I'll, I'll be talking more about that coming up. But it's also good. It'll help me prepare for the, the, the Wouldbe terrorists in my community. I'm in the DC area. After all we had, we had all these people outside in Tyson's Corner this weekend in Virginia that's supposed to be the nice shopping mall in Virginia. And you had left wing lunatics screaming at the Tesla dealership this weekend because this is, you know, this is how they act. This is, they think they're sticking at the Elon by shouting at people who drive vehicles and attacking them. Totally crazy. Yeah. And oh, and RFK Junior got a, a jacked fitness machine. Hey, if you gotta check out my ex account guys on my ex account, I reposted a video of RFK Junior, the jacked up fitness guys dropped off a machine at HHS, they donated one to RFK and as soon as they put it up RFK in a suit, getting up there and banging out some pullups on the Jack-Up fitness machine, he looked great because he is, he is great. He's in great shape. So that was, that was pretty cool. Check out the, check out the X account. You can see, you can see my video there of RFK Jr. Banging out some pull-ups here and oh, and people wanna know what the rumbles are, what the, sorry, what my coffee is. I've got the, the Rumble Cup right now. I'm drinking, I'm drinking Rumbles House coffee at the moment. And I'm very grateful for that. I can always use one second look. Mm mm love that caffeine. Absolutely crushing it.


Okay, I've got, I've got coming up. I wanna tell you a little bit about more Killers being booted out of our country. We've got, we've got these gangsters, MS 13 and Trend Auas, some of the most vile human beings on the planet. We got murders, rapists, child rapists, all being ejected from the country. Judge Boberg is trying to stop all this and the Trump administration says, okay, while you're playing around in that sandbox with that law, We got a completely different law. We're gonna deport more people. And so that coming up, I'll show you some video footage. We got another bouquet hype video from El Salvador showing all these illegals being thrown in jail, which brings a song to my heart and a tear to my eye.


Just wonderful stuff more in just a moment.


But first I wanna tell you one about, about one of our great sponsors and makes all of this free, free. While we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation, while it's only just beginning now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service to total call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. So if you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar that you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and the Second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching totally easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're 100% US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you can get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. That's again visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot nine seven two Patriot. How about that? How about that?


Alright, let's see here. Yeah, we do have another hype video. You ready for this? Here is, let me go to, this is Boule, president Boule of El Salvador. Cut 10 showing people being deported from the United States into El Salvador. And once again, being put into those maximum security prisons. Take a look. It's like a Michael Bay film. All we need are some explosions.


Where are the transformers rolling up? The auto bot Get, Yes, we need lens flares.


Click Have fun in jail. Okay, so here's what's happening. Boule says the following, he posted last night in a joint military operation with our allies from the United States. We transferred 17 extremely dangerous criminals linked to trend deua. That's the gang out of Venezuela. And MS 13, that's the gang out of El Salvador. That's the Satan worshiping gang out of El Salvador. All individuals are confirmed murderers and high profile offenders, including six child rapists. This operation is another step in the fight against terrorism and organized crime.


Ladies and gentlemen, this is huge for a number of of reasons, But you know what effect those videos have had so far? That's not you. Some, I saw some people in the chat saying, haven't I seen this video already? No, you haven't seen that one. You saw the old one, you saw the last time they brought a ton of gangsters into the country from deported from the United States. This is the new one. This is 17 extremely dangerous criminals, child rapists, murderers brought directly into El Salvador. Here's the effect that these videos are having. The border's closed. The border's closed, nobody's crossing it. The LA Times this week has a story.


Southern California, nobody's crossing it. You have left the organizations that are down there dedicated to bringing illegals into the country, offering them supplies and food and traits and all sorts of things when they get in, their tents are going unvisited, nobody's coming in, nobody. The border patrol's intercepting everybody. Nobody's even really trying anymore. The numbers are are just amazingly low right now. Amazingly low. And here's the other piece. The New York Times reported this past week that you now have people self deporting from the United States at, at levels they've never seen before getting out of the country. The New York Times reports that there are Venezuelan men who are seeing these videos and thinking, I don't want that heat.


I don't want it. I don't want any part of that thrown, thrown in a, a maximum security prison in El Salvador. No, thank you. I'm getting outta the country. I'm going back to Venezuela. And that's what they're doing. So these videos make no mistake. It's not just Boule who's decided to put these videos together, which of course he has. And they've got, I gotta get, we gotta get a hold of that film crew. We gotta get some teasers filmed for the, for the show. That's incredible. Who the work that they're doing, they can make anything look cool, but especially deporting violent criminals. It's not just bouquet though. That's a Trump administration bouquet CoLab. These guys are working together to make this happen.


This is why Marco Rubio's out there talking about all these guys being deported. This is why the Trump administration is proudly sharing this news with you. President Trump himself shared this video that Quele posted. He said, thank you, president Quee of El Salvador. He said, on truth social for taking the criminals that were so stupidly allowed by the crooked Joe Biden administration to enter our country and giving them such a wonderful place to live. A wonderful place to live, said President Trump. And for those of you who are following sort of the legal a progress here, judge Boberg, that district judge outta the outta DC US district judge outta dc He's insane.


He's a lefty. You know, if he wasn't in judicial robes right now, he'd probably be pooping on a Tesla somewhere. This guy is, he's, he's as crazy as they come and he's trying to freeze up the Trump administration's ability to do these deportations. Here's the problem. The president on, on the first iteration of this used the Alien Enemies Act in order to conduct these deportations. So Boberg said, stop. You can't use that anymore. All right, fine. While we fight it out in court, we think you're wrong. We think you're stupid. We think you're interfering needlessly in all of this. But while you're doing that, then here's what we're gonna do.


We're gonna exercise our ability to deport these guys under Title VII of the US code. In other words, a different area of the law entirely. That's what we'll do. And that's what they did. President Trump was able to use Title VIII in order to deport these guys. Take a look. Here's Fox News reporting via cut 11. This is Fox News reporting on how President Trump was able to outmaneuver Judge Boberg here. White House tells us that all 17 of these new criminal aliens they sent to El Salvador last night are members of Trendy UA or MS 13, and many of them are convicted murderers, rapists, and pedophiles. Salvador and President Na Bule posted a video of the new criminal aliens arriving in El Salvador last night and being transferred into the now notorious mega prison known as Sea Cot.


The White House tells us they had all been at Guantanamo Bay before the removal to El Salvador, and they include seven alleged trendy Argo gang members and multiple members of MS 13 we're told all of them have previous criminal histories, including multiple convictions for murders, rapes, sexual assaults, and sex crimes against children. Yeah. How's that for a vacation? You go to Guantanamo first, then to El Salvador's maximum security prison. Sounds like a whole bunch of fun, doesn't it? It sounds like there's a good reason people aren't coming to the country anymore. It sounds like there's a very good reason people are self deporting. It sounds like the message is getting out. That's what I voted for, that's for sure.


In a moment we'll have Scott Presler with us. Scott Presler focused on that big election today in Wisconsin for the control of the Supreme Court there. The future of the country is depending on this and also what's going on in Florida with those special elections. Can Republicans retain those seats? Scott Presler joins us from on the ground. Talk about it in just a moment.


All right, but let me first talk about act of fitness. You know, the Maha movement is in full force again, right now, make America healthy again. And I've been inspired for a while now. I wanted to get back into my own health and fitness. So I have been, I've been, you know, going to like my local gyms and trying to eat right and doing all that promise. There's only so much time in the day And it gets pretty inconvenient to like have to drive around and find the right gym based on the kind of workout I'm doing on any given day. So my life has become a lot easier now, thanks to Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. They're an amazing American company. They put a commercial grade Power Rack pro in my house, and you can have the same thing. It's got everything you need to get a full body workout from home. They've got a cable crossover system, an integrated 200 pound weight stack, a Smith machine allowing you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically anything that you can do at a gym you can do at home. My wife and I love this. In fact, we spent the whole weekend, my wife, myself, my 10-year-old, she's a swimmer. We were working on all sorts of workouts. We were looking up videos on different things we could do on the machine and we just, we just had an absolute blast. We were exhausted and totally fulfilled by the end of the weekend. So having this incredible badass all in one Power Rack Pro right there on our home, it's a game changer for my family. It's gonna be the same for you. We're super excited about their Get Jacked Up program that has full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You just press play and you can follow along. It's great, especially if you're just getting started. I'm doing this. You should do this too. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, it's gonna be epic. Go to get jacked up.com. Get jacked up. You should do it.


Also, I love coffee, love coffee, and I love blackout coffee in particular. Blackout coffee is spectacular. I've been a black coffee drinker for, I have about a decade now. That, that, that, speaking of life changing, you wanna, you wanna change your life? Dump everything else outta your coffee, the, the cream, the sugar, and just go black. You'll never go back as they say, it's, it's great. But you do, you become capable of, of detecting the difference between crappy coffee and good coffee as a result. And great Coffee is Blackout Coffee. I'm proud to have them sponsor the program. John is the owner of Blackout Coffee. He's a, he's a great guy. He built this company from the ground up, refusing to compromise on either quality or values. This is America First Coffee. It's roasted fresh right here in the Amer in the United States of America. The good old us of a no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee for everybody here at Silver Lock. So you already know this is a brand that stands for the right values. So here's the deal for you. John is hooking you up. All you have to do is head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use that code VINCE VINCE for 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole Bean ground or even instant coffee, that does not suck. Did the Rumble sign just go out? It just blinked out like that. Oh, And it back, it's back on. How about that? Wait, lemme see if I can clap it. Hold up it just one on off and on. Whatever. It's working. Anyway, blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order, whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that does not suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE for 20% off your first order. Coffee's so good. It'll make you aware of whether the lights on your set are going out at any given moment. That's how good.


It's okay. We have special elections going on right now and that in, in Florida and Wisconsin. And fellas do I have my guest standing by? Can you hear me? Oh Yeah. Oh, I can hear you Scott. Hello there. Hey, I'm so sorry I didn't do my hair this morning, but thank you for having me. Well, that's okay. We put a picture of you up with your hair out and you look great. So you're, you're covered here, Scott. Okay, great. Scott, what, what's happening on the ground on Wisconsin right now? Well, if you care the listener at home about President Trump being able to be a four year president and to not lose the House of Representatives in the midterms, then this election going on two today that the polls are open until 8:00 PM everybody in America needs to support Brad Shimmel to the Wisconsin Supreme Court.


And the reason why this is so important is because Brad Shimel, the conservative, his opponent has said that if she is to win, not only will they flip the court liberal and they'll keep it liberal, but they'll redraw congressional maps in Wisconsin. And so ultimately, if you care about keeping Republicans in power, if you care about Trump governing, then this election impacts all 50 states. Yes, indeed. And, and if the Democrats redraw those, those congressional districts, Republicans stand to lose at least a couple seats in Wisconsin, don't they?


Correct. Well, and it's rather ironic too, because one of the seats is Derek Van Orden and he actually flipped Western Wisconsin not too long ago. And now it's, you know, under Republican representation. But Western Wisconsin hasn't really been turning out in this election. And so the voters really have a choice today, especially to my Western Wisconsin people over in Portage and Wood and St. Croix and LA Cross, you have a choice, vote today for Brad Shimel and keep your conservative representation. Or if you guys respectfully sit on your hands and don't vote, it's very likely that your conservative leadership is gonna be replaced by anti-gun, anti-religious freedom, anti-air, anti raw milk, anti small fam, you know, family values that you are gonna have a Democrat represent you in Congress.


So really, the voters today go to my vote.wi.gov. You have until 8:00 PM standard Wisconsin time. And gosh, we need everyone to vote. Yeah, by the way, the, the audience that you're talking to right now, I think it's safe to assume is, is very politically engaged. So chances are, if they're in Wisconsin, they're the kind of people who've been very tuned to this election. Obviously that means that they probably are going out to vote themselves if they haven't done it already. But Scott, what can they do today? I'm talking to you live in the morning, 10 35 Eastern. People will also hear this somewhat on the podcast. Are there things that Wisconsinites or the rest of us can do today to help in this race?


Well, we have in the last 72 hours texted 300,000 people across Wisconsin. And there is a new list of 150,000 voters over in the bow region. That's the Fox Valley region, which includes Brown, Outagamie and Winnebago. And so right now, for first step number one is please vote if you live in Wisconsin. And I encourage you to vote earlier rather than later. I know that it is raining slash snowing in parts of Wisconsin, including Waukesha, a very important region that we must win. Number one is vote number two is, if you know anybody in Wisconsin, I want you to personally call them.


You give them a call and you very lovingly pester them and bug them to go vote. And then number three, if you're still hungry to do more, then you can download a free application. It's called Early Vote Action. This is actually my organization and I'm asking you guys to text 20 voters 20. That's it. Because 150,000 divided by 7,500 volunteers, which I think we can recruit today, is only 20 voters per person. And it will take you a minute. The texts are pre-populated, it says exactly what you need to say, you just press the text message button.


There's no redundancy. And that would be a gigantic help because if we get out the fax valley, it's very likely we win The election. Yeah, the early vote action app is what Scott Presler is talking about. That's his organization. I'm seeing some people in our chat right now, Scott, who've already told me they have the app and they are doing this already. They're texting people in Wisconsin. So that's a, that's a great system you have set up. And it sounds like it's very easy to do. Oh, it's user friendly and I wanna make it clear. Well, let's say that while we love Brad Shimmel and he was a great attorney general, and we want him to be our Supreme Court justice, if anything guys, I think the, the quote unquote sexiest thing that I can get you to vote today for is yes to voter id.


So when Janet Prote, which first flipped the liberal court back in 2023, she redrew state maps, right? And we lost seats in the State House and she installed drop boxes. So we used to have Dropbox banned in Wisconsin, but the liberals didn't, of course want to have election integrity. And so now what's really threatened besides the redrawing of the maps is it's very possible that this liberal court is trying to get rid of voter id. And you'll see that the League of Women voters and all the lefty groups want people to vote no to this amendment. I'm asking you, please, you, the people of Wisconsin have had voter ID in your state.


If you want to enshrine voter ID into the Wisconsin State Constitution, making it exceptionally hard for liberals to ever get rid of it, then you must come out today and vote yes, yes, yes to the constitutional amendment. And let me raise this a, a notch even higher, one of the most important conservative values that we believe is in school choice. That families, not the bureaucracy, not unelected principles that it shouldn't be. They who choose how families can teach and raise their children. That we believe in school choice as conservatives. And So I ask for your vote for Brittany Kinzer this election.


You get to choose your Supreme Court. We could flip it to conservative. You get to choose for school choice for the DPI, Brittany Kinzer, and you get to vote yes to voter id. I mean, this is such an important election if I haven't already made that clear. Look, I know, Scott, in your presentation, you've always been this way. You don't, you don't want anybody to, to set, to settle in and get any sort of false sense of optimism because you want people to be hungry to win these elections. But if, but as you assess how things are going this morning, I've seen some early vote analysis. People are looking at the numbers trying to make sense of are Republicans are conservatives turning out to vote? How are you feeling right now about Wisconsin at this moment?


I'll be honest with you, I'm I'm not a phony baloney kind of guy. I'm just not. We can win this race guys is so winnable. So let's revisit 2023 for a second in 2023. Oh my gosh, I was in your state two years ago. This isn't something new, this isn't, oh, Scott Presler is just coming to Wisconsin to help this Supreme Court election. No, I came to your state two years ago and nobody helped me. No one helped, no one came outta the woodwork. And we lost that election by 11 percentage points in Wisconsin elected liberal leftist extremist Jana Proto Witch.


And it changed her court to liberal And it of course, the drop s isn't everything now in that race. Let, let's talk about what's different two years later in 2025, well, turning Point action has been helping with ballot chasing my organization early Vote Action has been helping and we have grown so much in the last two years. You have the Libre Initiative door knocking on the ground, you have Americans for Prosperity Door knocking on the ground, you have Elon Musk's America Pac knocking on the Ground. And you even got the endorsement of President Donald J. Trump in this election 2025 with Brad Shimel is not 2020 three's Supreme Court election.


And furthermore, I wanna make this clear as well to anybody that's dooming and glooming right now, the mail-in ballots in this election are less than they were in 2023. We have in early in-person voting the IPE, the in-person early voting, we have beaten 2022 midterm election numbers where Michaels was running for governor against Evers. The fact in the spring election in 2025, we have bigger numbers than we did in a gubernatorial midterm election in 2022, speaks highly of the fact that we are doing so much better.


Our wow numbers are good. Yeah, Waukesha, Zaki, Washington and even our numbers in Kena, Racine, Walworth Rac. We're doing well in some of the counties that we need. But again, guys, this is turnout. Please. Yes, I drove eight hours to be in your state. I've been here for the better part of the last two weeks, and I've been knocking on doors, traveling all over the state. I don't have to do this, I do this because I care about you and I want school choice for your kids. I want voter ID for you. And I want a court that is going to reflect Wisconsin values.


So the, the least that you guys can do, please. You pastor, you text, you call you social media. Get every living Wisconsin voter that voted for Trump in 2024 out today by 8:00 PM Wisconsin Standard time. And you will flip the Wisconsin Supreme Court to conservative and elect Brad Shimmel. I mean, it's not easy. I mean, I gotta say, Scott, you really are everywhere. You're like the Johnny Apple seat of vote hustling. It's the best. Hey, thank you. I wanna I wanna ask you about Florida too real quick. We got these two special elections going down in Florida to replace both Matt Gaetz and Mike Waltz.


These are races that are getting a lot of attention, a lot of outside money from Democrats. How do you feel about those races right now? I've been watching the early voting so far. Republicans are turning out today, especially over in the Randy fine. So let's just go over the, the areas for a second. The Matt Gates district is of course over in the panhandle and that's like Destin. And that is an area that has, I think, the largest military representation in a congressional district in the country. So it's very conservative. Matt Gaetz district isn't the worrisome one, but everyone still needs to vote out there over in Destin, in Okaloosa, et cetera.


And then for Randy Faina, so far Republicans are turning out bigger than Democrats. But again, I, I wanna make it clear guys, Republicans, since we won the popular vote in November of 2024, we have been losing special elections across the country. And so my biggest warning to to maga to America first, to team Trump to team conservatism is guys you must vote in every single election. The Democrats are fired up. The Democrats are angry. Look at what they're doing. Yeah, I mean, gosh, they're, they're weaponizing attacking Tesla and they're vandalizing our vehicles and they're supporting Hamas, Hamas protestors that you know, that are here in our country.


So, I mean, do you really want that side to win these special elections? Yes. And therefore send people of that ideology into the State House or into Congress. And if the answer is no to that, to that response, then vote the best, most power. And we need to beat them at their game. Because, you know, Soros figured out a while ago that rather than dump all of his money straight into National Pol political issues, he would buy up every small race he could possibly get ahold of. Especially these local prosecutors. We have to beat them at their own game. Scott Presler. And that means showing up every time there's one of these battles on the field. Yes. Well, and, and I'm just gonna make a quick plug too. My beautiful Pennsylvania people, anybody over there this year in 2025, we have 32 sheriffs of the 67 counties that are up for election.


And we have 18 district attorney elections of the 67 in Pennsylvania. So again, yeah, this is a big year in a lot of states, but Wisconsin, I, I, I beg, I plead, I encourage, I motivate, do whatever you can to talk to every Wisconsin voice and get out the vote for Brad Shimmel, Brittany Kinzer, and yes to voter id and you will win. Scott Pressler. Last thing, your early vote action app, which again, I'm seeing a lot of people in the chat right now telling me they've already got it downloaded and they're texting or they're downloading it today and they're gonna be texting people, especially in Wisconsin. Will that app be always be useful for all of these elections going forward?


Just to be able to text people in each relevant state? Babe, this, this is for forever. So once you download the early Vote Action app, you will be, have four different methods of communication you can knock on doors even locally in your neighborhood. So guys, when you're done texting people, pull up the part where it says Knock on doors and click on voters near me. You'll have a list of every modeled Republican because Wisconsin doesn't have voter registration by party. You'll have a list of every modeled Republican in your neighborhood go knock on their door. And then when we go into defeating Democrat Governor Tony Evers next year, because I promised to help do that, you have postcards in there, you have text messages, you have phone calls, this app is free, gives you the data and gives you four points of contact that you can use going into the midterm elections to make sure that we have success next year as well.


I love it. Thank you as always Scott Presler for all your work. Thank you for being the second person to call me Babe today after my wife. And thank you for joining us. I really appreciate it brother. Have a good day, please vote, vote, vote, vote, vote. You too. Take it easy. That's Scott Presler or Early Vote Action. And you can get the app pretty funny. And the app lets you lets you text people. So people are already doing that. That's awesome. Okay, so that was Scott Presler. He's busy today, obviously it's a big election day and thank god for that. I, I do wanna share with you something so, so obviously this is a fight that's ongoing. Let me just share with you a fight that we've won.


America is Healing Black Lives Matter Plaza, which was always a scam out in front of the White House. It was designed to be an anti-Trump protest initiative using your tax dollars to build it. DC Mayor Muriel Bowser put this thing up in in 2020. The thing for, lemme just show you back to 2020 first what this was all about. Go to cut nine. This is Muriel Bowser assembling Black Lives Matter Plaza and then bragging about it, saying that she built this to be an anti-Trump monument right in front of the White House. Take a look. I have a 2-year-old daughter and I want her to grow up in an America where she's not scared to walk to the store in America where she's safe behind the doors of her own home, an America where the president doesn't fan the flames of racism and looks out for all of us.


So I created Black Lives Matter plaza right behind me as a place where we could come together to say enough. And by coming together this November to elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, we will say next. I mean, does it get any more explicit than that? Oh, it's about Black Lives. Yeah. Right after they built that thing, more black people died more because they, they pulled back on policing across the country. Black neighborhoods became more dangerous. That's all because of the left. It's totally crazy. And they, so they built it. They, she heard, you heard Mariel Baar say it there. She wants say it Now if you asked her like, you built this to be anti-Trump. Oh no, no, I just, I built it to, to support black people.


No, she didn't. She built it because she thought that it would help defeat Donald Trump in 2020. And she said, I built this and then We got defeat Trump. We got elector Electoral Biden. That's what she said on that video, by the way, which was for the Democrat national convention that she put together back at the time in that same video, I didn't play this clip for you, but she also says things like, oh, and there were peaceful protestors and federal officers were harassing them. And, and President Trump staged a photo op outside of a historic church. You know what happened to that church? St. John's? It's right across the street from the White House, the rioters, the terrorists set it on fire and local authorities had to put the fire out.


President Trump stood, went over to that church as an expression of support for the church and for Christianity and for national unity in the face of all of this violence. And then of course, the left tried to weaponize that all against him, somehow ludicrously, they projected it right onto him. You're the violent one. Okay, so now thankfully nature is healing. America is healing and Black Lives Matter plaza. Well, it's gone. Take a look. This, this is cut. Eight BLM Plaza is finally gone. And I wanna make sure to give credit to the reporter here who takes us through this. This is Monica Page. Monica page takes us through Black Lives Matter Plaza, which is no more.


Does this look familiar to you guys? I am here outside the White House at BLM Plaza that's been completely dismantled at this point and completely paved over. Now this BLM Plaza really came to be during the 2020 Summer of Love, all those protests and riots here in DC They established this strip as Black Lives Matter plaza. But since President Trump came into office DC Mayor Muriel Bowser really came under a lot of pressure from Congress, specifically from Georgia Congressman Andrew Clyde. He introduced this legislation at the beginning of March that really threatened to yank all federal funding from DC unless this Muriel was dismantled and gone. And then just a few days later, transportation secretary Sean Duffy actually came out and wrote a letter to Muriel Bowser that also cited some safety concerns about these kinds of so-called artworks that have some would say, been installed intentionally to draw attention to the message rather than promote safety and mobility of road users.


So if you notice here, the street signs are completely gone. It doesn't say Black Lives Matter plaza anymore. And since this dismantling the mayor, Muriel Bowser has promised to redesign this plaza just in time for the United States 250th anniversary in 2026. So stay tuned for that. But it looks very, very different doesn't it? Very different and so much better to restore 16th Street right there in front of the White House so that normal Americans can drive up towards the White House and see it in all of its splendor. See it lit up at night, perhaps if you're driving in the evening in Washington DC It's a beautiful approach. And it was covered in this absurd anti-Trump political mural, which has thankfully been removed entirely, way long overdue.


You heard Monica mention a couple of people there who deserve some credit. One of them is a Vita's father. That's right. The transportation secretary, Sean Duffy, who sent a warning to the mayor about getting rid of this garbage. So thank you for that. A Vita's dad and also the congressman from Georgia, Andrew Clyde, who deserves a lot of credit. Now let me, lemme just give you a backstory on some of this. So Congressman Andrew Clyde thinks that DC is a horribly run city, And it is, DC has a city council. Congress established that basically Congress surrendered its power over the, over the nation's capital to a city council decades ago.


And the end result has been that the city has become a hellscape. As a result, it has not become better because of the City Council. Congress should reassert control over the Federal District of Columbia, which is the nation's capital Congress should fully reassert control over the nation's capital. And Congressman Andrew Clyde has been on this for a while, saying, we've gotta take, we gotta take back over and, and we have to do what the Constitution prescribes with the founders intended with the District of Columbia. Let's get back to it. And he's right about that. But I, I just wanna give you just a, just a small bit of my role in this, which is every time I've talked to Congressman Andrew Clyde through the years over these last couple, I said, Congressman, when are you getting rid of BLM Plaza?


When are you fixing our nation's capital? When are you gonna take this ugly vandalism off the street that was put there at the best of the taxpayers? And by the way, it was a ransom payment to destructive rioters. It wasn't designed to bring the country together, it was a ransom payment to get rioters to stop destroying businesses near the White House in 2020. They boarded up every business that was on ground level all around the White House because left wing Democrat rioters kept destroying everything. That's what really happened. You remember the big investigations that the FBI led into that? No, no. Nothing. Nothing. No. So when lefties just like a lead, a full out assault on Trump's 2017 inauguration, riots industries, destruction of businesses, do you remember all the people who were prosecuted for that?


Oh no, actually the feds dropped the charges in those cases that actually happened destroying the lives of Trump supporters allowing Democrats to just destroy things with a reckless abandon. That's been the pattern of our justice system, you may have noticed. And So I kept hassling Congressman Clyde about this. I was like, Congressman, I'm so glad you're trying to sert control over dc It's a great, it's a great thing, but when are you getting rid of BLM Plaza? When are you getting rid of BLM Plaza? And I can, I don't know, I can't get inside his head entirely. I don't know if I can take full credit for this, but I do think that I hectored him enough that everybody sort of thought about it like, oh, we really should get rid of this thing. It's crazy that it's still up. Yeah, it's crazy. It's crazy. And thankfully it's back.


Thankfully 16th Street is back and so, you know, I'll take that as a victory. I don't care how We got there. I'm just glad it's back. It's a, it's a beautiful approach. And if you're ever in Washington DC you're ever walking around in the city and you can be near the White House, get to walk up and, and see really what is the people's house. Lafayette Square, when the left isn't desecrating it is a beautiful place to walk through on a day like today. Go get some lunch. Go to old Abbott, right by the White House. Enjoy yourself here in the nation's capital, but stay safe. Move in groups, moving groups as you come to the nation's capital. Man, I'm so glad they got rid of that garbage. Finally, I want to address something with you.


We've got some new revelations out about what happened during the Obama administration when during, sorry, during the Biden administration, when the left was plotting. How do we get rid of Joe Biden? Do you know that Kamala was planning back in 2023 what to do when Joe Biden died? You heard me correctly. Lemme just remind you of some of the key elements of that sentence. Do you know what Kamala was doing in 2023 when she suspected that Joe Biden was going to die? According to a new book written by journalist Amy Pars and Jonathan Allen, Biden aids were preparing in 2023 for the chance that Biden was about to die, and that another candidate would need to take his presidential run over, quote an aid to former vice president Kamala Harris carried a spreadsheet of Republican federal judges that Trump had not appointed.


In other words, federal judges who had been appointed by say somebody like George W. Bush. So that if Harris needed to be sworn in on short notice because Biden died, then they would choose someone that they thought would be considered, quote, more credible to Republicans to swear her in. So they had gone down all the way to the detail of who is going to hold, or who's gonna administer the oath to Kamala Harris, and which, which rhino are we gonna pick? Which, oh, it can't be a Trump person, can't be somebody Trump appointed. We gotta go to, you know, a Reagan appointed judge. We gotta go to a George W. Bush.


George HW Bush appointed judge. But he can't be a Trump person. He can't, that's how crazy things got. So Kamala Harris was already planning on how are we gonna replace this guy when he dies? That was back in 2023. But somehow against Kamala Harris' planning, Joe Biden held on, didn't he? For a glorious and incompetent presidential race that ended up finally giving it to Kamala. In the end, I do see some more reporting from this book, telling us that Obama definitely did not want Kamala to be the nominee. I I could tell that last year, as they replaced Biden with Kamala, you could tell instantly. 'cause remember, Obama did not come out and endorse Kamala Harris right away.


They withheld that endorsement and you're like that. I know why he is doing that. Because he knows. He knows in his mind, she's a stinker. She sucks. She can't speak in English sentences, she can't be the nominee. Obama got outmaneuvered. Kamala Harris ended up becoming the nominee and then losing. Thank the good Lord, losing the race. I thank you for joining us today. I'm just so grateful to you. If you're in Wisconsin, vote, if you're in Florida, vote If you're outside of those places, encourage others to vote. Get a million people to go with you, and let's keep fighting for this country. God bless you. I'll be back with you tomorrow, right here on VINCE.


Up next on Rumble Stephen Crowder. Stay tuned for that.