
Dan Bonino I owe you. Who owes who You owe me. I owe you. There's no money. The Dan Bongino Show Anything Run by liberals will be run into the ground, burned, stepped on gasoline port on it, and burned again. Get ready to hear the truth about America. They're arguing about things and debating how quickly they can deconstruct the greatest country in the history of mankind and all of the ideas and norms that have gotten us Here on a show that's not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Alright, welcome To The Dan Bongino Show today launches the National Radio Show, The Dan Bongino Show right after this podcast With your host, me shockingly named Dan Bonino.


And it's really an incredible feeling band for life. Public Academy number one me, little old me kid from Queens Public Enemy numero uno by the YouTube Commies. But you know what? It is about live programming. I love live programming 'cause I need to operate under pressure all the time. I can't function any other way. Gee, wouldn't you agree? A much better live, by the way, big Thank you. A hundred thousand just crossed a hundred thousand people wide. We love you guys. You're the best. Hit the fucking thing please.


Holy shit. 200,000. What the fuck happen? We got, we got digger, we got broken glasses. I got, I don't even know what the fuck this is. Paperwork from forever Got 98. Come on, Do it. Who's Holy Shit. What the, what is going on here? What the fuck just happened? Whoa. What? Holy shit. 3 million. How the hell do we look at his shit? I got stuff flying everywhere. We got flags flying. We, what the Hell just happened?


I just noticed the flag didn't Come down. What the hell? Oh, ohman. No way. No we didn't. There goes, there goes 500,000 to the listen Audience, How you been you feeling alright? We hope so. You've been busy. I've been busy. I really have. I've been, we've been doing a lot. Your show's going great, huh? Oh, how many people we got watching right now? 290,000 people. And the show just started. So that'll be the biggest live in the world. Oh man, you guys look at his crew.


So just so you know, folks, my last show, my, my team who I love to death and my wife and my crew have put together a, a cold open for me. I have not seen any of this. I promise you I had virgin eyeballs on it. We've got an entire crew here of Patriots. People who have been P ones diehards. We've got a bunch of people outside. I'm gonna recognize everybody today is my last show. And listen, don't let the square jaw, the sch medium sized t-shirt, which Nicole Wallace recognized, which was kind of weird. And this, I'm, I'm really a big softie. And you'll see today I'm gonna do my best to hold it all together.


But after taking this 10 year journey with you, I, I can't, I've already, my wife brought out some. I'm like, I already, I'm, I'm sorry. But I just love you guys so much that to spend this last couple hours with you before we go on to, you know, other things, other things. I'm gonna do my best to hold it together. I appreciate you guys so much. And my crew. I don't even remember half that stuff. It's so, some of it just happened too. That election night guys is was just a few months ago. Doesn't not say it seems like it was like 10 years ago that we did that. And in the interview with President Trump and the sign, that's the sign right out there.


He's got, which he signed for us. It all seems like so long ago. And when we hit 500,000 on the thing, I think Producer Jim was more excited. Did you see him in the thing? Jim got it with the white shirt. Jim almost fell off the chair. He got so excited. So I got a good show for you lined up. Well actually, I have no idea what I've got lined up. So what am I talking about? I have no idea. It could be a terrible show. These guys put it together. But either way we're gonna go through it together. Listen, we've had great business partners throughout the years and producer Jim, what are these things called? Ads. Ads. And I have this thing, at least for today. Call Day Ed. Job. Job, yes. Thank you Anita, Andrea, for putting it together.


Some of you know yes, it's called The Job. There are still media people stunned by that.


Today's podcast sponsored by Beam. We've been good friends of ours. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use Code bonino for 47% off your order.


Today's show also brought to you by My Patriot Supply. They've been with us for years. Listen, we don't take spots from everyone. We haven't, but we've had great partners. They've been with us for a long time. The world's unstable evil still exists. You gotta be ready for anything that comes your way. Better to have emergency products and not need 'em, right, and need 'em and then not have them. So another crisis could hit. It happens all the time. Origin out of this stuff. Blackouts, storms. You've seen it. Emergencies, shortage, pandemics. It's happened just in our lifetime. That's why Patriots Pride brought back the emergency preparedness bundle one last time. So you're ready to handle anything The bundle has about everything. You need three months of emergency food storage, water filtration, heirloom seeds, multivitamins, vitamins, potassium, iodine, tablets. And best of all, you can save $300 on this exclusive bundle, but only while at last, get one for every member of your family. It's my Patriot supply.com/bonino, my patriot supply.com/bonino. Don't wait. Be ready for the next crisis when it hits. And Thank you sincerely, my Patriot Supply for incredible partnership through the years. You guys have been great,


Jim. That's call a Pay it. Thank you producer Jim. Of course not paying attention as always because he's not used to this in the podcast producer Jim's brain does not activate until when 11 Texas time. 12 noon and hour time. So we're at hour. I can, we love looking, but he's already smiling. He's rocking a bungee know Army shirt. Wait, keep that up. I know, I know, I know. I'm going outta, but I didn't know what shirt to wear this morning for my last show and I thought, come on, this is obvious. You gotta wear the Bonino Army shirt as a salute to you guys. So Thank


you. Today's show also brought to you by our friends at Patriot Mobile. And they stuck with us for a long time. If you're part of the Bonino Army, you should be on Patriot Mobile. You have to support companies that share our values and believe what we believe in. You can switch to Patriot Mobile with confidence, knowing you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage. 'cause they operate on all three major networks. You have a guarantee from Patriot Mobile with every dollar you spend supports a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life. And our veteran and first responder hero switchings, easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. That one Hundred percent US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan for you, your family, even your business. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with promo code. Dan. Truth is, I can't think of a reason you shouldn't be on Patriot Mobile. That's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot


fellas for the last bell. I'm going to hear until I See You On The Other Side. All right, we just started deep breaths. I missed that bell and the Kenny Bell too when the bell didn't work. The Kenny Bell is in storage now. So guys, first before we get started, and I don't know what you have planned, they want me to live, react to some of these clips. So this is a genuine reaction. I haven't seen any of this stuff. Just a couple of things I wanted to, to get to here.


This show started in February of 2015. I had lost a race for Congress and it was pretty devastating. We had won on election night. If you go back and look on the election day, if you go to Maryland State Board of Election year, shut down their website today. And you look at that 2014 November election, you'll notice on election day we had, we had won and then there were votes came in afterwards. I'm I'm just, I'm just trying to tell you how it went down because you'll understand where this podcast started from and we wound up losing when they finally called it, I don't know, four or five days later. And Paul and I were pretty devastated. And I gotta tell you, I really, I didn't know what to Do.


It took a while. But you know, I'm all about getting up and dusting off and fighting the next fight. And I had read this article about this thing called the podcast and how Adam Corolla was kicking ass in a podcast. And there was some political content, but not much. And I said to Paula, do we have any money left? And Paula was like, no, but we got this plastic thing called a credit card. I'm like, well, let's use it. I said, I think we should get a microphone and we should start this podcast thing. And I went down in my basement with Producer Joe and we put some moving blankets on the wall and we recorded our first show. And because we know, we knew so little at the time about podcasts, we used a piece of trademark music and it got pulled down immediately.


So my first show, it's true story, does not even exist. Someone allegedly has it, but I don't, we've looked for it forever. Maybe audience archivist, Judy has it somewhere. So the the, if you go back the second show, you'll, you'll see it's actually the first show. I think it's on SoundCloud and Apple if you'd have to go way back. But we never expected it to really explode as fast as it did. And then the Russia collusion fiasco happened and the show just went stratospheric. And we've moved, I, I had to write this down from my basement, Verna Park to Palm City with me and Paula. Paula was, Paula was the producer. He was the only producer. Then we moved to Stewart and then we moved to this place now, which is the new studio, which is a converted Burger King, which we have speak the truth, MC.


And he brought me a actual Burger King. Burger King ashtray, which is in the back. And that's how we wound up here. So some thank yous to my wife for sticking with me because you know, I I tell her all the time, you, you could have married a doctor and not have to dealt with any of this stuff. But she didn't, she married someone who I don know folks. You know, I don't know how to say any good enough was never good enough for me. And that, that sounds great in theory, but I gotta tell you, it drives people around you sometimes crazy. And I don't know, I always live by the whole thing adage, you know, big people do big things, you know, so it's only 10 59 That please laugh because it breaks up my sadness.


Really? It does. It helps me get back and grounded. But Paula is, we're the only two people crazy enough to married each other and make this thing work. I'm, there's no other way I could have done any of this. There just isn't. If you don't have a real rock behind you, then forget it. You're building a house on a pile of sand. I thank my crew. These guys have just put in incredible hours. I mean, they've been with me through thick and thin. Gee's been here the longest. Michael's been an incredible addition. Justin's been with us forever, since he was like 13. We may have broken child labor laws or something like that. I'm kidding. Like this is law enforcement. We, he was an intern and then we brought him on. He's been an amazing employee. He's got an incredible family.


You know, Michael, we just met, by chance, Michael's married to Avita and then we had an opening for a spot. That's a whole other story. When the statute of limitations runs out on that, I'll tell you. And they're like, well, Michael's really smart. And he turned out to be just a gift to us. We got Jason here. Jason Howard has done my social media for how long? How long has it been? Eight years. I don't even forever. It seems like I've known him forever. So everything you see on our social media, that's all Jason. Jason's right there. Oh, look at these guys with the camera. All fancy Now I bet you never thought you'd be on camera. So there's Jason, the best social media matter in your business. Matter of fact, he was so good on, on, on social media that there was an organized effort to stop.


Jason, why is everybody tipping me? Don't tip me. I love you guys. Keep your, you guys are the best. You do not have to tip me, please. I really deeply appreciate it, but I really mean it. Keep your money. It's, I'm just looking on the screen at the chat. They're putting the chat down there. So Jason, Thank you so much to Westwood one, CEO Westwood one, Colin is here and Theresa's been with us forever. She's kind of the bonino whisperer. She deals with, she deals with me and Mark Levin. So prayers for Theresa Prayer, not from a Mark's rate, I'd say, you know, but Theresa's kind of been the, the Bonino whisperer. And you know, for those people who think that this was an easy decision, you see why we started early?


I have a lot of thank yous and they're necessary. And I want this on the record. You know, Westwood one didn't have to do this, folks, they didn't, I'm not gonna bore you with the details and be inappropriate, but I'm telling you right now, they couldn't have been easier to work with. They were like, you're doing this for the country. We're in. That was it. So anybody who tells you like, oh, corporate America is a bunch of, you know, unkind, unfeeling assholes, you're just wrong. You don't live through what I lived through. They couldn't have handled this any nicer. And a burner who was the CEO of the parent company. I got a lovely email from her as well. You know, we haven't always agreed on everything, but I, I really appreciate you guys understanding someone laugh or something.


I Thank you. I really appreciate you all understanding why, why I had to do this. I want to thank Haley and Avita. Avita just walked in. I mean two absolute studs. They're just amazing. Avita was our first hire. I knew it. The second I saw her, I, I'm like, this woman is a star. And then she brings in Michael too, which wasn't even part of the plan, but a vita's show. We just, we, we just naturally have this chemistry together. I hope you saw the interview with her. That thing could have went on. What did you say to me? He said, okay, we gotta wrap it up by this time. And I looked up and it was that time and I'm like, let's just keep going. You know, heard live viewers, right? Killer, what'd you have? Like 38,000 on the show.


Avitas been amazing. I hope you follow her when I leave. I obviously have not. She does. She just does ev Vita and it's just an amazing show. Haley's three shows in already a top 25 live streamer. We've known each other a long time. She used to book me on the Sean Hannity show. Remember you come down and get me and I didn't even have a Fox pass. You have to get me another, Hey, I'll have to take you up on the elevator. I didn't even have a pass to get in there. And we've known each other for a long time. She, I mean just the gates open and boom, winning the race right away. I wanna thank all my business partners throughout the years who have been with me and and advertisers on the show who supported the show and kept it free.


You guys are amazing. The program directors who carried the show, the radio show, which I get it, is kind of nuts. I understand that not everybody handles a radio show like, like I do. And I'm sure not, it wasn't for everyone, but we handled it differently and I really appreciate it. We got miles here from Field of Greens and I want to, I just specifically call out Miles here because Miles was my first sponsor, miles and I have been friends for 10 years. Miles. There he is right there. See look, I told you he looks good too. He must be taking Field agrees as well. This is Miles you guys like melted his website down the other day. He really wanted to do something special for you. Miles, Thank you so much for your friendship throughout the years, brother, you were the first one to take a shot on us.


And can you just acknowledge that Field of Greens was my idea, Dan, Thank you. Thank you. It was, I have no, I have no say in the game. I said, miles, I'm taking this fruit vegetable, it tastes like crap. Can you make something taste better? He was like, brother, I have totally got you. That's how it started. And it turned out to be one of his bestselling products. We got John from Blackout. Here's been another great partner over there. Blackout, you know, blackout. I mean obviously I've had, there's John right there. You see John looks good too. Him and Miles are in the same gym together working out. He's like, I just met him today. But the Blackout Coffee, you guys have been amazing. Thank you to everyone. And I'd say out outside of my wife, someone I would be remiss if I didn't mention Chris Pavlovsky from Rumble is here today with his, with his, with his son and Chris, you folks, you're not gonna, he's not a big outspoken guy Chris.


He doesn't go out and do fancy firework shows and go, Hey, look at me, I'm the free speech champion. You're never going to hear him really talk about that stuff. But when I got de platformed by YouTube for simply telling you that masks don't stop the spread of COVID, which they don't, I had no other options other than this platform called Rumble. And Chris had put together an amazing website and had a great business plan. He had enterprise solutions for people. But we got together and it, it's funny to this day, although our business relationship will, and as of today in in, in many respects, you know, Chris came to me and people kinda laughed at the initial deal we made because it was really a handshake.


And that was it. It was like, I'll be there for you and you'll be there for me. You're gonna be a free speech platform and I'm gonna advocate for free speech. And Chris has been a real hero to the movement. So Chris, Thank you brother. You have been a, a godsend and all the people out there who do in that dreadful covid, VID era, that were de platformed, that we're demonetized and we're given a, we're, we're given a path on Rumble. We all owe a big de debt of gratitude to Chris Pavlovsky. So Chris, Thank you very much man. I appreciate you're a good man. Round of applause, Chris. We wouldn't be. And then we got warlord, Brendan Dilly here today. Of course it's, there's gonna be some meme that comes out of this today. So you, you know, that's coming.


They're gonna absolutely. And he, I think he works out in the same gym as these other two as well. So everybody, yeah, I feel like the smallest guy in the room for the first. So Thank you Brendan for showing up. He lives in my neighborhood. You know, that's, it's a beautiful play. Am I gonna tell you where because of all this other crazy crap going on now. So what do you guys have planned for me? Because I don't know what's going on. So whatever you got planned, you're gonna have to go with it. 'cause I, I, I don't, I can't, you know, I don't know what you got here. What do you got? This is an old one. Alright? It's an old one. All right, let me see it. Welcome to The Dan Bongino Show day after my surgery. Some of you can see the, if you wanna watch the video, move the microphone a bit. There's the, the hotel.


Quite long scar on my neck there. So you might be wondering why the hell we're doing a show a day later because I want to, and I want to Thank you all. We got so many well wishes and we got flowers at the hotel and people were just overwhelming and they're outpouring of support. Twitter, Facebook parlor, email, everything. And it means the world to us. I mean that it's made this experience a lot easier to get through. I got a call yesterday too just to show you what kind of a guy he really is, despite the media nonsense about the president. The president called before I went into surgery. I'm not kidding. Like that's the kind of guy he is to check in on me and see how he's doing.


He's just a wonderful guy. He really is. And it's a shame it gets lost in all the media hysteria about him. Just an amazing guy he has, he's sick himself or was, and he's concerned about me and the, you know, didn't he, he didn't even rush me off the phone. Just an amazing guy right before I went in for surgery. So the prognosis is good, really good either way. I'm optimistic, I feel great. And I don't want you to think I'm just doing this because you know, I had nothing to do. I'm doing it 'cause I wanna be here. I feel good. If I didn't, I wouldn't do a show. You don't deserve that. But I feel great. Dr. Singh is an amazing guy and I wanna thank Dr. Steve as well. You know who you are for helping get this all together. I mean, think about it folks. It was just what, two weeks ago, right?


That I found out I had a tumor in my neck and it's already been removed. So I really appreciate people helping me out. It was a, a really, you know, troubling moment in my life and you all made it easy. So Thank you so much. And to all the doctors, the staff, the nurses as well, and to Jean, the nurse. You probably don't watch my show, but you were so nice. I appreciate you taking care of us yesterday as well. Oh man, I can't believe you guys found that. That was the day after I had the, the tumor removed from my neck. And this is my, if you, in case you, you, you, you missed it. If you listen on audio at one point, you see I turned my whole body, I'm talking to Paula that was in a hotel room in upper Manhattan in right next near Sloan Kettering.


And it was during COVID. So you remember Paula, we looked out the window and there was nobody, it looked like that movie. I am legend. There was no one on the street and find you an ambulance. No, everything was closed. 'cause I was in so much pain and I for we hadn't gotten the prescription yet. And she's like, you sure you wanna do a show? And I said, yeah, yeah, we have to do a show because I want the, I don't want the audience. I never wanted you guys to, I I didn't want you guys, I didn't wanna be anybody's victim. I don't know how to say it and be cute about it. Cutesy time's over, right? I never wanted to be anybody's victim. You know, I, when I went to MD Anderson for, for a radiation, there were 13-year-old kids with two weeks to live. And I was like, don't feel bad for me. I lived, I lived at that point 46 years.


I was fine. If God took me then messing with this pen, now he all over me. I just, I don't wanna go. But you know, it was okay. Hey, no, this one I don't, I heard you say that.


You got it. I wish I did, but I don't, we forgot the mic stand too in the hotel room. And I was like, ah. And I, I think Paula had to move a picture off the wall. So we had a white wall in the background. Thank you for laughing. It really does. It helps me so much. But yeah, that's a true story. President Trump called in the hospital. In the hospital, he was the president. Covid was going on. You have to call me and he said you need anything. It was a few days before the election. It was, it was, it was, it was about, yeah maybe like two weeks before the election. I said yeah, I need you to save the country.


That's about it. Why don't you worry about me? I was a good one. You guys really started with the hard stuff. Can you shees for a guy who's like, man, he comes outta the game for the guy who's like the most unemotional guy ever. That's the best you've ever worked With Mike. You think so? I know Jim's making fun of me because I'm new. Thank you. See I need the humor to break this up. But this is gonna be a really hard show for me. I have the work worst mic discipline ever. The great, when you look at the greats, they had Rush Limbaugh, Levin, Hannity guys have been around forever. They know you gotta eat the microphone sometimes. Not me. I'm like this you can't hear nigga. I but nobody can hear you bro. Nobody can hear you. But I had to eat that 'cause we forgot the mic stand so I know you remembered that Paula.


Well that was our I am legend moment. But we made it. So, alright, what else you got for me? Gee, I hope it's that dif and I hope you got the tough stuff outta the way because this, this thing's already wet. So what do you got next? All right, good. Gimme a break for a second. Go Dan. You're 50 years old, I congratulate you. I didn't think you'd make it that far, but you did. But now you're gonna make it to 90 or something. But I just wanna say happy birthday. You're a special guy. Happy birthday. You know who did that video? Yes. Aida's mom did that video. I got that on my phone at my 50th birthday.


I see a message pop up. It's a text. I see Rachel Duffy. I'm like, oh hey, happy birthday. I didn't see the video until a few minutes later 'cause it didn't come through. So remember Paula? I was in the office. We had, I don't know Brendan, you were there like 250 people. We had a concert going on. It was crazy. And I said, oh look at this. The boss did a little video for us. That's yeah, I remember that. I love that line. I I didn't think you'd make it this far but now you make it to that is like so the boss right there, there's no more appropriate birthday message than that one. Hey Gee, you wanna take a quick break here so we can take care of the people who, no, okay. Alright, let me just, hold on, let me wipe my eyes here so I can see straight.


Alright, Gee says do one more. I needed a little bit of a break. Hey guys, how you doing? You don't have to be too quiet. Just close that door behind you 'cause it gets hot in you. Alright, what do you got for me? You tell that to the black family, that scene, their sons being killed. That's all you guys to rate. You got nothing else buddy. Fact, you got nothing else. That's a fact. You've got nothing. Fact, all you wanna do is is see the country burn. See you just wanna see the country burn. That's it. I wanna see the country burn you son of a bitch. I wanna see country. You're nothing but a punk. Yeah you're a punk. Panino, you're a punk. You wouldn't tell me that to my face. We'll leave it there. Coming up the left. Continue. Let's wait.


Do you guys see the look on Hannity's face at the end? And he's like, whatever guys, we'll leave it then. Hailey, come on though. Tell me those things didn't kick ass in the ratings, right? It was like, guys, you have no idea. Like Haley worked in Hannity's show for a long time and when I had my own show I, she used to show me but I never kind of got the inside baseball until I did my own show at Fox. And they get these kind of minute by minute or you know, simple little line graphs and Haley be like, look at this you and Har Geraldo last night. It'd be like this. It'd be like, you know, Hannity always did big numbers but be like, and then Geraldo would come on and it'd be like this huge spike like that. Everybody loved those fights with Geraldo and I knew we'd, you know how you kind of don't know you made it till you made it.


Mediaite. Who hates our guts? I mean it, right guys, they can't hate me anymore. Like Mediaite to always write in bad stuff about me, whatever. But media, I had had their top a hundred people, whatever it is they put out every year. And me and Geraldo were like 41, like Dan Bonino and Geraldo's must see viewing. It was must see viewing for me. I used to look forward to it. But what would happen, Paula, you remember this when I would come downstairs, so that was in the house, that studio, I couldn't sleep, I couldn't write, I could not sleep. I'd be like, maybe it's too much inside baseball, but hey whatever. I'd be like, you need to like scratch my head or something. I can't relax 'cause I would come downstairs so riled up. So when people used to tell me like, is that an act? I'd be like, no, it's not an act.


Look at the show and the next day there's bag's under my eyes 'cause I couldn't sleep 'cause I never knew where he was going with stuff. I will say this, Thank you Geraldo for the nice tweet. I, as you know, I'm a spreadsheet guy, folks passionate, but I don't get emotional. Me and Geraldo disagree in a lot of stuff, but I'll tell you, when I saw him in the studio at Fox, he was always a gentleman. So I appreciate that. And people can disagree, right? I mean that's what makes us different than, than Savages, right? We can disagree on stuff. And Thank you for the nice tweet after, after you heard that I was leaving, so I appreciate that. Spreadsheets, your taxes yet that perfect as only Gee can do for the last time.


Speaking of spreadsheet, have you done your taxes yet? Only Gee does that because he knows I get on, I get off on these tangents. Sometimes I distract easily. Like when there were flies in the studio last time, but I saw that. Do you guys have that one? That one's just called, Hey, April 15th. The tax deadline's come in fast. You have any unfiled tax returns can't pay the IRS. The IRS is more aggressive than ever. And the longer you wait the worse it gets. Wage garnishments, bank levies. Even property. Property seizures are on the table. You need to get ahead of it. But going up against the IRS alone is a mistake. Take my advice. Call the experts at Tax Network USA. They know the system. They have an edge, a preferred direct line to the IRS. They know who to deal with and who to avoid. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their genius strategies are designed to quickly settle your tax problems in your favor. Tax network USA's attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt tax network. USA can help you too, but you need to move fast. April 15th is almost here. So talk with one other strategists today with no obligation. Stop looking over your shoulder and put this behind you. Call Tax Network USA at 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com. TN usa.com/dan. You believe I can read that? And if my eyes are, I still can't hear anything but my eyes are that's pretty. That text is small. You guys have, Gee, can't read any of that, right? I know I'll speak under mine now. I'm doing it again.


Gee Jim, you just told me that too.


Helix Mattresses. I slept on one for several years now. I definitely noticed how great I'm sleeping through the night. They've been a a sponsor of us for a while, so Thank you guys. Helix sleep's an award-winning mattress brand. It's been the essential reason I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to tackle a new day. No more tossing and turning if you're dealing with snoring, which typically I don't. But Paula said I was snoring the other night when I was really tired. Did you not? Which is like, that must be a first. It's luck going on in his head. Sleep apnea, back pain or you sleep too hot. That's definitely me. Helix has a mattress for you. Go to Helix sleep.com/dan to get started. You know, a good night. Sleep's one of the best ways to have a better quality of life. And Helix Mattresses can help you figure out which mattress will work best for you. I have a pretty hectic schedule after a long day of work. Always look forward to sleep on a Helix mattress. So many of my listeners use Helix and it's making a big difference in their lives. Right now. Get Helix is best offer or available exclusive for my listeners. 20% off sitewide. That's right. Just go to Helix sleep.com/dan, get 20% off Sitewide. Again, that's H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan. Thank you guys for all these years. We appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show for live reaction in the first Dan Bongino Show ever where he has had absolutely no input whatsoever. Wow, that was a great one. Effing Love you Dan. Love you too. Okay, wait, stop that. Can't believe it's the end of it era. I'm just reading the chat you guys, it means so much to me. Thank you. Yeah. What was that country ladybug. Miss him already. I miss you guys. You know, when I got up this morning, you know when I sent out that, that that tweet, I was like, all right, it's just the morning and it'll be okay. It was about six o'clock in the morning and then I didn't know what to title the show and Gee sent me a text. I said, Hey guys, can you guys send out the link right away to get the waiting room up early?


And he said, he texted me, what do you want a title? And I couldn't think of anything and I just thought, you know, See You On The Other Side. That's the only thing I could think to say. So I Well, I love you guys too. I'm reading all your chats. Thank you, man. You're blowing that thing up right now. Chris. You did good work on that chat. That only we can melt the chat. Only we can melt the chat. All right, what do you got for us next there? Gee, I'm gonna kill this freaking fly if it's this little thing. I knew it. You see that little I knew it. This is real period. He is, he is right here. I'm telling you, he's mocking me right now. He was mocking me. He's like, ah, loser. S he is, he's a li he's a liberal. He's a far left fly. This happened in a break in the fox, a Biden voter or that you, they breed like, like rabbits like that.


And you can't get rid of 'em. I've, I've tried everything. I'm ready to like fugate the whole house with deadly chemicals just to kill these things just to prove a point's hilarious. They'll land right in your face during the show because they're just like, they're flipping you the middle finger. I just gotta find this little ster during it 'cause he's driving me crap. I'm telling you, he's mocking me. Having a fight with a fly. It is, it's, it happens all the time. I Do it all day during my podcast. Yeah, Dave, sorry, just having a fight with a fly Dad hap that guys, I was just telling you this story, right? So, but I, you guys are, you gotta know everything. If you're gonna be out there in the Bonino army and I'm gonna be gone for you, you need to have the whole library material. So what happened there? So the old studio, sorry for the sniffles, I'm just, I'm just really emotional today, so my apologies.


But in the old studio, we had converted an apartment and I'm so glad when we brought on Avita that she saw the old, the old studio. We were on top of each other. I mean, it, it was not cozy at all. 'cause it was just me and Paula. And then we brought on Avita and Michael and Gee and Justin. So we knew we had to get outta there, but it took a while to build this place. But the studio we had was a converted apartment. So when we converted it, one of the contractors forgot to seal off a water pipe. It was like a kitchen sink. So these little drain flies and you couldn't see 'em on the Fox show. They would like fly around and it would, I'd be reading a monologue and it'd be this really emotional monologue be talking about some crazy thing that happened.


It's like some tragedy and some fly. Be like, sh and he'd be hovering in front of my FI don't think they have fingers, but some of them were giving me the middle finger. I'm telling you, these things were mocking me and they were slow. And then they would only get fast when you tried to get them. They'd be like, right. You remember Mr. Miyagi from the Karate Kid at the thing, right? And I'd be like that. And the thing would be like Carl Lewis boom, sprinting out of there the whole damn show. So Sabrina will, my team over at Fox, they were hilarious. They're like, Dan, we got a surprise for you on this show this week. And they were, of course the camera was always rolling and they rolled that clip and I was just dying on the air. Don't worry, Patty, you just answer that right here.


Don't worry, have phones going off. They told everybody, I said, guys, if you got, it's like 40 degrees in here too. So I told everyone, there's a door over there if you need to go outside and get inside a tonton, go right ahead. Because I'm always, Avita likes it at like 85. She's like, it's cold, it's 85 in here. Me, I put that sucker down at like 60 degrees, so I'm always hurting. But that's a good one too, guys. That was great. I love that one from the Fox show. All right, let me hear. Ah, look at that guy. What a singer. That guy. You guys have never seen this. Have you? Now you've seen this, you've seen this. You guys check this out.


Oh man, man, you guys pulled this one, huh? I'm still here with you ain't gone. You Ain't gone Baby. Now that is some unearthed like hardcore food. Oh wait, who the hell's that? Let's go. Are you like live here or is this like, did you record? We're Live baby. We're Live. Oh shit. I'm not even supposed to curse him. What that is Nate, man, God bless you. Now I ruined your whole song Bulletproof, but you allowed me to come up on stage and just rock out with you, brother.


You've always been a good friend to me. I can't believe you're here. Thanks for joining the show, Coming at you from Ireland right now. Live, man. I, that was such a fun night and I'm so glad I got to be at your birthday party. That was amazing, Nate. When Paul and I, Paul, it was my 50th, and I know I told you the story, but Paul and I said, listen, we need to have someone really special here. And I, I texted your guy and I said, listen, if it's not Nate, it's nobody. Like, I don't want anybody else there but Nate and man, did you rock that out? My doctor to this day is like, I'm not a country music guy, but I'm a Nate Smith fan now, man, you've been such a good friend of me. You're such a patriot too. You love your country and your fans and you're such a humble guy. That was just an incredible night. It was such an honor to have you there, Bro.


I'm, I'm so honored to be your friend and I do love America with all my heart, man. I, I really, really do. You know that. And I'm just so happy with everything that's coming down the pipeline. And dude, you were the guy for the job, bro. You were the guy for the job. And I, I, I texted you or I think I FaceTimed you actually the other day. You did. And, and you feel emotional like that. If there was one person that you could choose for this role, if there was one person you could pick to be in the position you're in, it's you man. There's, there's nobody better. There's nobody that had more of a humble heart that's gonna steward this so well, and and that's you Dan, Nate, you know, I really, I really believe it. I, you know, I was doing the radio show and I saw FaceTime and during the break and it was Nate and it was the day that this was announced and that was an emotional call.


And you know, you said something to me, it really kind of touched me. I feel like, you know, you and I kind of almost came up together. I mean, we've known each other about two years. I ran into you at, well I ran into you, you didn't run into me. I saw you opening up for Morgan Wallen and you were just amazing. And I looked at Paula and I said, who the hell is this guy? You just blew me away. I never went for the opening acts, I just went to see Morgan, but we had nothing to do in Houston. And there were people like crying when you were singing. So the guy next to me, remember Paul, he's like, that's Nate Smith. I went home, downloaded your whole album, and I followed you on Instagram and you immediately me back and you had the nicest things to say and we've been friends ever since. And now you've blown up so many chart Toppers Bulletproof is still my favorite song.


I sing in the shower horribly as you've just seen, but you've blown up too. You were in Ireland, you were just, where were you in Norway before this too? I just saw it in your Instagram. Yes, I've been everywhere. And it's so funny, like I give you this compliment. I'm just trying to love on you and, and you, you want you, you put it back on me. Deflect. See you brother. Reflect it. No, just, just receive it man. Like the whole world's excited for you, dude. I'm excited for you. I and this is a very emotional day for you and stuff. So when Paula was like, do you want to, do you wanna hop on and say hi to him? I was like, I don't care where I am, what time of the night it is or whatever, I have to see my guy. I have to see my friends and root him on and just know that I'm, I'm supporting you dude. I I I love you to pieces. I really do. Thank You man. You know, you absolutely know the feelings. Mutual guys. Just support my buddy here. Nate. One thing though, I gotta tell you, Paul and I have felt horrible about for a long time, Paul, you know where I'm going through the Nate you gave us, you gave us your jacket that night.


Yeah. I I can't take it. It's such a nice jacket. He, the leather jacket he has on. Gee, can you pull up a still of that by some chance? Or he gave us a we'll you we'll Do it afterwards, but that jacket, I can't, I gotta give it back to you. I can't take it. No, no. Now I can't accept it. I have it hanging on a mannequin in my like man room and everybody loves it. And because everybody loves it. I, they're like, oh my gosh, he gave you this. I'm like, I maybe it was a mistake and I had had a too many Don Julio's. I'm like, I gotta give this back to him. If you give it back to me, friendship is over. Okay. Because the the Alright, alright, it's on tape. That was your birthday gift. Yeah. Greatest gift ever. Greatest. But it fits you better. You look better in it too, By the way.


So I have some good pictures in that jacket. It does fit like a glove. Nate man, God bless you brother America loves you. I know you love him back. Thank you so much. You've been such a great friend to me, bro, Thank you so much. Godspeed brother. Congratulations. Thank you Nate. Alright, Thank you. See ya. Take care. Wow, that was, how did you guys hook that one up guys? He's not like some like, you know, incoming guy. This guy's like a big major star. How'd you guys do that one? Was that you? Was that you, Paula worked at it. Every, everybody hooks up, Paula, every, that's amazing. Thank you. And it worked like the tech we're in a new studio. I was so nervous. I didn't wanna do any guests or anything like that. Alright, key. I don't know how you're gonna top that one. I, that was really a surprise.


He don't want the jacket back. Paula. I, we feel so bad about this guys, right? We feel so this is the nicest tour jacket. Talk to you. There's another person. I have no idea who this is, folks, I'm really now messing with you. No idea. All right. Oh, look at this country music, the famous John, rich, big and rich. John Rich Solo, the lone star, the great John Rich, a hero, a patriot, redneck Riviera. I may have been in there a couple times with producer Jim. Hey, me and Cash were in there one day checking out the place. John, what an honor to have you on the show. Thank you for joining us, brother. Man. I, I appreciate that. I got the, the call from Gee, he said, man, you want to jump?


I said absolutely. Listen Dan, you are, listen, you're a warrior, we all know that. But I wanted to say something that I think you've really brought to we the people on top of being a patriot and a champion, the level of education that you have brought to the general audience on how to look at these circumstances and situations, how to make sense of chaos, even for me has been enlightening many, many times. Man, you are true friend of we, the people I know this is a massive, massive sacrifice that you're making to go take this job. So we appreciate your willingness to serve our country even at great expense to yourself, which I will say is a, is a reminder of how the founding fathers did it.


They all gave up major things to serve our country. And I know you don't view yourself like that, but we certainly do, sir. And we're very proud of You, John. You have been just an incredible friend to me and my family. And for those of you who don't know John, and I go, oh, there's the jacket. Look at that. For those of you who don't know John, and I go way back. John and I used to do the five together. And when I had gotten wind that this was gonna happen, I, John's a very close friend when I tell you a limited circle of people, I mean you could fit 'em on one hand. One of the first people I reached out to was John because we're always working on projects. And John, I don, I don't mean to be too long-winded, but John's always looking to take care of other people. And I found this singer in my church, this young lady, Anna.


And I said, John, you think we can? And John's on the phone right away on a Sunday. And he's like, here's what we gotta do and we're gonna, and then this came up and I had to kind of back away from it. And John, we could not have been nicer. John, through your companies and your your donations to charity, redneck Riviera and all your stuff, you've always been amazing to people and it's such an honor. And hey, next time I'm around Nashville, maybe I'll, I'll have to drink that. What liquid death, the water stuff in the bar instead. But I'm definitely gonna stop by man, you've always been a friend to me and I will never ever forget what you've done for me and for America, brother. Thank you. You are always welcome. We consider you family brother. Now you go out there and you by God show him what you've got.


Okay? This is Dan Bonino With A smile on his face. He gonna be grinning the whole time. But buddy, he's coming for you. Go fix these problems man. If anybody can Do it, we know it's you. God bless You. Thank you John. I appreciate it. Thank you John. Appreciate it brother. Man, you guys brought the country music a team out today. I mean J John's had like 10 different careers in country music, big and rich. Lone star John Rich himself in his solo career. And, and folks, I'm telling you right now, that guy is a genuine, genuine patriot. Trust me, there is nothing inauthentic about John Rich. I mean Paula, how many times have we texted John? Hey John, can you do us a favor back to you instantly.


If he takes five minutes, something's wrong. Someone injected him with some scopolamine or something and he's out. 'cause he gets back to you five minutes later no matter what. So Thank you John Rich and Nate Smith. Gee, you got the jacket again? I wanna see that picture. Pull that sucker up. So this is my party. That is me at the end of the night. Who is, I don't even know who that is. To my left. Oh, that's my brother to the right. I don't know who that is to the left, but that's Nate's jacket folks, the back of that, that is hand painted and all of his tour dates are on the sleeve and he's right. That does fit me pretty good. I mean, self praise stinks, but whatever Aunt Jane will forgive me. God rest her soul. Someone painted that. So Paul and I were like, we can't take Nate's jacket. He gave us the jacket and I'm like, was I just, oh, is that Brian Chisholm?


Yes it is. And I'm like, I can't do that. But he says keep it. So Nate, Thank you. It's on a mannequin in our office. So that's the jacket folks, I'll let you know. That's my, that's my backyard right there too at the party. So the front was, you remember that, that party, I remember some of that party, A lot of it I, I wish I got to say hello to everybody, but I didn't. I know. Are you gonna tell me something like, do you need to delete yourself? I know, I know. I I knew you were going there. Our last break folks and we'll get back for the last half an hour of The Dan Bongino Show. Thank god you guys are here. Really The studio. I can't really, if you guys weren't here, I'd have broken down 10 times, right?


You guys have so kind of lightened my mood and made this so refreshing. So Thank you. What a great idea to have people here. I'm sorry if I'm freezing you out. Oh look, Vicki VII's here as well. Our best friend, Vicki Viti, the, you know the orthodontist, this is wife of orthodontists. You know, you had a remember in the old like movie this wife of orthodontists but a, a powerhouse like Paula. She is the Paula of the Ani. So there, there she is right there. The lovely Vicki Ani. We love her. So look, now you're on the show. There you go.


Hey, delete me. Makes it easy, quick and safe to remove your personal data online at a time. Oh wait, you gotta make an appearance brother. Makes it quick and easy to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everyone vulnerable. Deleteme does all the hard work of WIP in you and your family's personal information from Data Broker website. Something gets stolen when you sign up. Just provide Deleteme with exactly what information you want deleted and experts take it from there. Deleteme also sends you regular personalized privacy reports showing what info they found, where they found it and how they removed it. As someone who lives a public life and regularly shares content online, I'm hyper aware of how my information's help is being tracked and used. So take control of your data, keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me now at a very special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off. Delete me when you join. When you go to join Deleteme dot com slash bonino, use promo code bonino at checkout. The only way to get 20% off is to go to join Deleteme dot com slash bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout. That's join Deleteme dot com slash bonino code bonino.


And our last Jim, what is it called? Jim, A ad. And I have right now, what is it called? A job. A job for the last ad ever on our podcast here.


Birge Gold, you've been a good friend. Toss, don't go out and buy a life jacket when the boat is already sinking. And don't buy gold when the economy is already collapsed. Clearly others are heating this advice as gold hit all time highs. The first part of 2025. It's not too late for you too. I've used birch gold for years. Diversifying the physical gold using birch birch gold. B-I-R-C-H specializes in helping you convert an existing I rra of 401k into a tax sheltered I rra in physical gold for no money out of pocket. Just listen to this five star review. Knowledgeable, helpful, no pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold. And that's why I've endorsed him for so long. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the word Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There's no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star views. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold. And the last thing I'll say, message and data rates apply. Thank you Birch Gold and Thank you to all the advertisers.


Someone special just walked in. He may, he's never shy, but he may pretend to be shy. Trust me, he's never shy ever at all. But you've heard me talk many times about the famous orthodontist. Can you guys put the camera on? This is Dr. Arvin Viney. This is husband of the great Vicki Viney. There he is right there. That is my I If there's such a thing when you're 50 years old as bestie friends and like my daughter calls him besties and stuff, that's my guy right there. He been with me for a long time. And you notice everybody in my house has straight teeth. That's dude at Dr. Ani. And you wanna hear how I met him? Where I'm at my daughter's school, I don't know, eight years ago or so. Their, our kids go to the same school. He is got two lovely daughters just like me.


We're both girl dads, no sons for either one of us. And I, I, I looked at him and I'm like, man, this guy looks for me. He was on Fox more than I was. You're like, really? What? Do you have a show or something? No, no. He runs ads here locally. And I just saw him on the ads all the time. I'm like, dude, you're on the network more than I am. And I worked there and we've been, we've got a lot of memories together in a lot of countries and a lot of places and a lot of states. Man, so many good times. So I didn't know you were coming by today. World man, my brother. And that's saying a lot because Lemme tell you something, this guy's like me. Like he doesn't stop working ever. And when I remember, I didn't miss a show for like five years. So we'll be in his backyard on a Saturday night, you know, sharing some barley, soda or whatever, and we'll tell stories.


And he's like, you know what Dan? I was the same way. He's like, I didn't take a vacation. Because you know, you had other orthodontists, they come in and they steal you. I was the same way. I didn't take off Christmas or anything. I was like, if there'll be other people they're gonna listen to. And then he's always been a source of good advice. So Thank you man. And I'm sure we got a lot of good times ahead, but I'm gonna have to fly back on the weekends sometimes. We're still going outta that boat. Absolutely. Which has created kind of an interesting situation. I'll have to See You On The Other Side on that one. But the All right, play one more of you. Thank you guys. I appreciate it. What do you got for me there? Just since yesterday? Massive breaking news about what's going on with Facebook. Everybody. Oh, oh wow.


A intense hold. I needed a spear for that one. Old, don't jump in either direction. Don't Do it. Don't Do it. Your boy, Dan, what do I say all the time to you? Do not get emotional about this, then you're like a leftist. Be transactional. All we want is plus ones and minus ones. That is it. Don't jump on me. This is awesome. Facebook's our best friend now. But also it's silly to jump on the fuck Facebook. This, this is the stupidest thing ever. I don know, I don't know.


Hold you guys fit a lot in that one. Karate man. Hold, hold Karate band man is patient and he only feels pain on the inside. Oh, to cry. I will not steal you wrong. That was a double karate man. Have the, That, that was the verse of a meme speech Thing, is that the first one? My, my blood sweat and tears and my entire reputation. You don't need to have legislative or executive power to move the needle. The Bonino Army's strong because there's a lot of us, right? Why are there a lot of us?


There are a lot of us because we happen to get out ahead of the stories and be three to four, sometimes six months ahead of a story. Look at the chat. One, one of the things I you about a while ago, gosh, that you're now seeing materialize, that chats gonna melt. I mean, actual formal executive power. You can't even, we don't have, I'm not the president. We all get that. You guys just shut it down. Donald Trump is President Trump. Now, one of the things you're seeing that we discussed early is, wait, do I have it? Yes I do. Oh no. Where are we going? What was I grabbing? What was I? Hey, the Dan Bonino. Oh man, rock him Soum robots. What did I tell you? Theory of politics, Andrea, what did I tell about Punch this dude right in the grill. This is where this, you guys is this like the memes where all the memes came?


There it is. There it is folks. The rock. The rock. And it still works too. Look at it. It actually still works. I rock him, socked him myself. Jasmine, when you, when you beat him, when you win, he sometimes he falls off. Oh look, I got no, but the bad guy won. There we go. That's it. The bad guy's not supposed to win. That's not the way that works. Andrea, what was I telling you this morning after that clip? That's where, so that's where Rockham Soum started. If you're a really new listener to the show, and that of course was double karate, man, if you guys don't get the joke, that was from the Eddie Murphy movie. Was it Trading Places or was it, that's where that came from. That's my favorite scene in the movie. So that's the joke.


But we got, and this is why, and look at it, the thing's blowing up the chat, I think you guys seriously melted the chat down. We got probably close to a couple hundred of these things. Don't send. And I know, look at all the rock. And so, oh my gosh, nobody can do that to a chat like you guys. Nobody. It fries my phone. It's like my phone is, and we'll have to throw it a rock. And so for the last time, you know that. Thank you guys. That's, that was a good one. That's where all these memes came from. So that was a, those were good. Alright, what else you got for me? By the way, the thing Justin too, if you guys get the chance for this, yeah, yeah. At some point, I don't know who sent this thing. Yeah, wait, before you go to the next one, Gee, guys, I wanna show you something.


We got this this morning. I have no idea who sent this, but whoever did, this is hilarious. Paula gets this thing. Look at this. It's a painting of the Dan Bonino Army Air Force. Now, before you, oh wow, that's a nice plane. You're missing the details. Paula and I were in a rush this morning, so we missed the whole thing. So it's just sitting on the table and look who there's lovely Paula in a bikini. Oh, well, not a bikini, a one piece, but looking quite attractive, I must say. Now there's my daughter, Amelia. There's Lucy piloting the plane. Is that, who is that? Is that, that's Michael. That's Michael. And that the little turret there. I think Justin and is one of the gunners gis in the back.


There's my, my other daughter and then Vince is in there in the back. And then there's Avita and Hailey. Everybody makes an appearance on this thing. This was the most amazing thing, whoever put this together, so I, I'd like to say, tell me in the chat who you are, but the chat goes so fast. I have, I have no idea. I have no idea who that was, but that showed up this mor that came just this morning and we had no idea. That is how cool you guys are in the audience. We love you guys that the, of course, we gotta Do it at least one last Mutley, folks, you know, the Mutley was the original. I mean, I, I kind of missed the mutley. We've had to move on from other different elements of the show. But how many of these did we get?


Oh my gosh, we probably have something close to about 5,000 of these things. We could give them away every day for the rest of my life if I lived through a hundred. Look at it. There you go. Rocking the Muley shot. And by the way, that clip I played in the beginning with the flag, the flag really didn't come down. There's a ledge in my, I wasn't making that up. I usually, it comes down and, you know, be cut of the, the stick. The thing got stuck on the ledge up top. That really happened. What do we got here? We got a little Something for you Here. Oh, who? This is my lovely wife, Paul. Of course. We asked That you were gonna be leaving the show. We, I took all the, some of the messages from the chat and we put it in this here for you. Ah, my gosh. And we're gonna frame this for you for, Oh, let me read that.


You're the best, Dan, you will be missed. I expect great success from you in the future. Congratulations, Dan. Cutesy. Time is over. Ugh. You guys are amazing. Thank you Paula. And Thank you to you all. Show it to the camera. Oh yeah, sorry guys, I'm reading it, but There you go. Covering my face for radio and everybody signed it. I see Jason Fran signed it. Oh, Thank you guys. There's so many. Thank you for your service. I really appreciate it. We have the best chat in the world. I mean, listen guys, live stream numbers, whatever to all that stuff out. It's just been a big family here. And I read your stuff. That's why I'm always looking at my phone. That's why Gee made me move the charger thing over here because I have such poor mic discipline.


Listen, it's just call it what it is. What would I do? Gee, I had it over here to keep it off screen and now you can't hear me. So Keith's like, just put the damn thing in front of you. Everybody knows you're reading the chat. I'm not like, you know, texting Paul about what's for lunch or something like that. Did we, I think we melted down the counter too. Like you, this has been just a fire show so far, so I appreciate it. Thank you guys. There's another clip for me. I don't know, I'm not, not sure this is your favorite. This is my favorite. All right, let's see what, what you got back Up at dusk On Eight eight. No one's thinking about this. The reason no one's thinking about it is because I'm a fucking moron that the, but I would love to thank The Dan Bongino Show for declaring this officially the second or third.


This is second or third guy, the, I think the third Frank ese day. And I wanna take this opportunity to accept this great honor. Did He ever accept a great honor? Did did we ever make him like a trophy or anything like We did not, huh? So I I folks in honor of the great, the man, you know, they say that the man, the myth, the legend. But this in this case, he is a man. He is definitely not mythical, but he is unquestionably a legend who has given us, what would you say, the hours of priceless content. And by the way, is still writing op-eds about, I have never seen a guy so singularly obsessed with me in his life.


The famous frank ese. Now the Esei head will live on why I am Gone From You. I have authenticated the Zi head with no seriously, it says authenticated. And that is my, here, I'll sign it again in front of Anita. AKA, well, AKA Anita, Andrea, so here in pen Dan Bonino. But I did tell Anita this. I said, Anita, I did I not tell you before I go, you will be entrusted with the great Zi head, but I do want this back one day. So you on your own show, your own podcast, you and speak have the Gro Cruise podcast over there. You are now being entrusted with a prize possession the Zi had, She says she's blessed.


And it is a great honor. I gave Jim my first don't get dead coin. Jim is, and, and we were supposed to give Jim Ren and Stimpy too, but honestly, I don't know where the hell Ren and Stimpy went. We threw everything in a box. We have so many cool little gizmos that we, I just, I don't even know where it is. So when I find Ren and Stimpy Jim, they're all yours buddy. All right. Yeah, that would be a great idea. That's a great idea. Let's do that. Burn should bring em around. So guys, before I wrap up with you today, the end of the podcast, I just want to be sure to introduce to you who is going to be taking over my show. Obviously I will have a, a lot going on.


I will be divorcing myself from the business. It's been a long process. I'm gonna tell you something, I I'm not in any of this for the money, the cash, any of that stuff. Obviously no one goes into government work to get rich. I just like good people because if you surround yourself with good people, then good and great things happen. And if you surround yourself with bad people, then awful things happen. Vince Coase is one of the most talented people in the business. An incredible talent. He's had a show on WMAL. He is launching his podcast on the Silver Lock Network on Monday at 10:00 AM So an hour earlier you're gonna have Steven Crowder afterwards on Rumble at 11, you've got Ave at nine, you've got Haley at six, you've got the Quartering, you've got Don Jr.


You've got an amazing lineup. Vince, it is an honor to have you, you're gonna be taking over the radio show too. And I just want to Thank you for, you know, taking this on. So last minute, I can't even believe I'm here. Yeah. And I'm, you are, I'm so over the moon about all of this. And I, I will say this is the most unusual exchange in media that you will ever see, I promise, for the rest of your life. This is a jealous industry. This is an industry where people, you know, there's some people who help each other out. But for the most part, when a guy gets a job, usually somebody else has to lose it. That's usually how that works. And what's happening here is Dan is stepping away from all of this. Look at, look around us, I mean just in this room.


And then of course look at the chat and what he's built. And I think it's just such an obvious sign of your decency and your commitment to your country that you can do this. You can walk away from this and then become the deputy director of the FBI who wants that job. Yeah, this guy wants that job. So you're going in to do something really important. And like I said, this is deeply unusual. So ever since it was announced my Mike Good ever since it was announced, the reaction's been completely positive. And that's the testament to you. You said, this is my guy, I like this guy, he's gonna do a good job. And your audience, the Bungee Army has responded so well. It's been unbelievable how nice this has all been. They're so passionate and we're gonna do great things, man.


And I, and the thing, the message I keep getting is you've got big shoes to fill. I'm like, I know, but what I really have is Schmid shirts to fill. Yeah, that Nicole, Nicole Wallace guys, Nicole, make sure Nicole gets a photo of Vince immediately when he wears his first medium. That Nicole Wallace clip is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. Why notice that, right? Isn't that the weirdest Thing? But she instantly was like talking about your T-shirts and I was like, this needs like, some sort of like slow baseline underneath it. Like she was really into the Bina show Brother. For as much as we've criticized Rachel Maddow and Nicole Wallace, I promise you, you are not gonna find a clip of me going, Hey, that's some outfit she's got under. Like, what's the weirdest thing? Like it was such an oddball right?


Comment outta nowhere. Like She was a practically fanning herself on Television, right? It was so weird, but funny story on that. So yesterday, Paul knows, we got some guys at, at, at at, at the house, some really good guys. And one of 'em bought me a t-shirt and the guy said, I don't know what, what size you're, I said, well, you know, it's queen so you gotta round down. That's where I'm from. That's right. And he knew right away, he's like, let me guess the sh mediums right? I'm like, hey, I said, but I am 50. So I've got kind like size up a little bit. But Vince, that's cool. Thank you brother. Man, you're the Best. It's honor 10:00 AM on Monday, folks, his first guest, Tucker Carlson, it's gonna be big. And we announced Don Jr last night. Oh, You did? Don Junior next week. So Guys, we got Don Jr coming right to this studio. Mc groin crew. Spread the word in studio. Huh?


Don's, he's coming. Nice of you. Thank you Don. That's amazing. So Thank you guys. I appreciate it Vince. So guys, I'm gonna, I'm gonna wrap this up here. Well, I'm gonna try to wrap it up here. I I'm, I'm really just a little bit overwhelmed. 'cause you know, with the show and all the clips and having everybody here, it's the energy kind of just distracts you from the reality of, you know, what's about, what's about to happen.


And it really hit me this morning. I want you to know how much I love you guys. I mean that, you know, people throw that term around. But I really love you guys. I feel like I, I've met so many of you, some of you I've never even seen, whether it was Eric or Jeremy on the radio show. I'm just, I I chose early on to interact with my audience in kind of a different way. And it's paid me back so many dividends and there's nothing more incredible than going out at a book signing and someone goes, Hey, how'd that treat you? Gave Lucy the other day work out? And you're like, how'd you know that?


Like you said it on the radio. I'm like, I did. Like you don't that people, the relationship seems so asymmetric at times. Like, you know about me, but I don't know about you, but I know all I need to know about you, which is you've been there for me when I needed you. And to walk away from this was, I promise you was not easy, but I absolutely know that this was the right thing to do. I've told you over and over by that measure the effectiveness of what you do in your life by how people who stand and tell you to stop, react. And the reaction has been exactly what I expected. I promise you this.


I'm going there with a clear mission in mind. I go there with a clear head. This was done for the right reasons and I am really, really, really going to miss doing this and being here with you every day from this point on. If you follow me on Deep breath, see, breathe in. It's easier. My social media accounts are not gonna be abandoned, but I won't be posting about politics. It'd be inappropriate during my time. There's, there's understandable restrictions on that, which make perfect sense. But you can still follow me. I'll be opening up different accounts and official accounts and things like that, but I have to stay out of the political space because it's the right thing to do and it's the rules.


And I hope you understand that I'm not going there to be some partisan. I know the people who hate my guts and the media. I don't expect you to understand that The idea of putting aside your politics to do a job is definitely foreign to you. I totally get that, but it's not to me, you know, I proudly protected two Democrat presidents and a Republican. No problem at all. I'm not sure you could do that, but I did. And now it's a different protection role. So I still got a radio show to do, which is crazy.


Now I'm gonna get through that. So I'll end as I began. I will see you guys on the other side. Thank you. That was hard man. Wow. Three more hours. Yeah, three more hours to go. This is now real.


So President, attorney General Bondy, and now director, gosh, that sounds good to say. FBI, director a Cash Patel offered this role. A role I expressed an interest in. And ladies and gentlemen, I told you, you see, it's hard for me. I am, I'm gonna accept the role proudly as the deputy director in the number two spot at the Federal Bureau of Investigation.


My left shoulder doesn't work. So I wanted do like a big dramatic thing. And I just realized looking at the, the feedback it my left arm don't work. Let's just do the, Here it is. If you are Alyssa, I love, look at this, these guys cutting out the, look at this, Look at These guys in the other Room. Oh, look at them. Fancy. Go run again. Oh, that, oh, oh, look at, look at that. If You are listening on Apple and Spotify, you know I love you guys. You are the originals. We didn't even have a video show for years until the lovely Paulita said, I think we should do a show on video. By the way, she's sitting right here too.


This is the new studio. Welcome to the new Dan Bongino Show, the new evening scroll with Hailey, the new early edition with Avita and Vince, which is gonna be starting when I leave. This is the new studio. I really hope you like the new studio. I just give another shot of each angle here. You could see we, we put a ton of work into it. Paula did sewed my crew as our first show from here. Look at that, look at these. Got mi, Michael, Justin Gee, we really, I, I hope you guys enjoy it and at least next week for me and with Hailey moving forward in the future. She's right over there. And Avita. And then Vince, Thank you so much for tuning in today.


Give us a follow rumble.com/bonino. Really appreciate it. And I will see you on the radio in a little bit. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.