
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. I just wanna announce again, we have the launch of a very special program coming at 6:00 PM Eastern Time. Very soon. We are on a express train timeline to get it launched. You are gonna love her. Hay caria coming in soon. The nightly scroll with Hayley. She's amazing. Make sure you follow her on x, on truth on Instagram, on Facebook. It's Hayley, H-A-Y-L-E-Y, Caria, C-A-R-O-N-I-A. She is a diehard conservative. She knows what's going on behind the scenes.


She's worked in a lot of different places. She's worked with the great people over at Alki Clay Travis's operation. She worked at Fox for years, producing some of the more conservative shows. I've known her forever. She's amazing. Get ready


Today's show, sponsored by Beam. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code BONINO for 47% off your first order.


Today's show also brought to you by our friends of PhD weight loss life-changing. That was the phrase producer Jim used to describe his experience with PhD weight loss. Jim lost over 40 pounds when the folks at PhD Weight Loss put him on their program. He's kept it off for over a year and he hit his goal. He looks 10 years younger. How do he keep it off? You check in with your PhD Nutri, your PhD weight loss nutritionist over the phone. And your personalized PhD plan will help teach you a life changing skill. How to eat, which is everything Jim did it. You can do it. Do what producer Jim did. Get the help PhD weight loss provided and schedule that consultation today. This is the weight loss company and right now, take advantage of the bonino podcast, only limited offer. You get a free consultation and two free additional weeks of the program, including meals. You give 'em a call at (864) 644-1900. That's 8 6 4 6 4 4 1900 or go to My PhD Weight Loss dot com. That's My PhD. Weight Loss dot com. Weight loss results vary per individual consult with a medical professional.


Alright, fellas, one more time. So, as I was saying before to media folks reaching out, I'm not gonna answer the question again. The last show will be March 14th. I've only got a couple of days with you all. I've got about 10 more shows left. Have to take some days off. I every day is tough. It gets tougher and tougher to know we're gonna have to depart from each other for, for some time. I it, it's tearing the heart outta me, but I'm, I'm sorry. Again, I'm not answering the question about how I intend on going from a political commentator to a nonpartisan job like the FBII already did it once before I was a nonpartisan actor in the Secret Service working for Democrat and Republican administrations.


Stop asking. It's not my fault. You can't do that and swear in oath and put your opinions to the side. That's your issue. Stop projecting that issue onto me. Okay, moving on. I wanna thank Caroline Levitt. She gave a really nice answer yesterday when asked this same question in the press room. Check this out. The FBI director, cash Patel informed Republican Senators that it would be an individual named as the deputy who was a special agent currently at the FBI. And of course, Mr. Bino is not what was the reason for naming Mr. Bino to this position? And was Mr. Patel not correct in making that assurance to those senators?


I'm not sure if anybody in this room has listened to Mr. Bonino when he talks about the past corruption at the FBI when he talks about his experience serving for the United States Secret Service. This is a man who loves his country and who has honorably served our country in ways that many people have not. He understands the depth of the corruption at these institutions, which the American people reelected President Trump to shake up. And I think it's quite despicable to see many networks in this room who have had chirons on their television screens labeling Mr. Bongino as a far right podcaster. He is not. He is a former law enforcement agent.


He is a former Secret Service agent who put his life on the line to protect this country. And that is why the President of United States has entrusted him for this important role. He's also an outsider to this Washington Swamp. And we often see that when outsiders are appointed to such coveted positions, a lot of people in this city get very, very nervous. And they should be because Dan Bonino and Cash Patel and Attorney General Bondi are focused on rooting out the corruption at these agencies and ending the weaponization of government once and for all. You're damn right. I am. Thank you Caroline. We deeply appreciate the kind words that's very nice of you to say. You know, folks dealing with travel requirements in my line of work in the Secret Service before I came over here is one of the toughest things I've ever done.


Watching my young daughter at the time who was now in college, but back then was very young, crying every time the suitcase came out was a really big deal. That was work I did for a Democrat president. Did it matter to me that he was a Democrat? No, I'm really sorry. You can't swear an oath and do that. Media people who've asked me this question repeatedly, it it's, it's frustrating beyond imagination. I have to deal with people who can't think outside their own box on a lighter note, I wanna move on. I wanna spend the whole week. I've only got about 10 shows left with you guys, 10, 11 shows.


I do have to again, take a couple days off. I have to travel up to DC and get some stuff done. There is a a pretty extensive paperwork requirement you have to go through for backgrounds and things like that. I'm sure you guys can imagine many of you out there have been government employees. It's some of the same paperwork. There's not like a special set of paperwork for people. It's the same paperwork. So Paul and I were hustling last night getting information and stuff, trying to get this in, but did work in the White House for many years. And I'm gonna tell you something, there were two. Most people don't know this when you ask for a White House tour, you know what, let me play this first and I'll show you why this matters. I I'll give you kind the inside baseball efforts. Here is President Trump. The White House tours have finally reopened.


Thank you. Melania Trump's office who I hear had a big role in that. It's the People's House that we own it. We bought it. There should be White House tours in there. This happened. President Trump wanted to go and greet everyone. I'm gonna tell you the inside scoop on this after you see this is very unusual. Check this out. But I want to Thank you very much for coming. The tour is so great. We did such, such a good job. First Lady worked very hard in making it perfect and I think you're gonna really love it. And I heard you were here and I said let's stop by and say to Do it. Very smart looking people, I must say. Very smart. Maybe someday you'll be, you'll be here as a president, right? Somebody, somebody in this group has a chance, have a good time, have a great tour, and you're gonna give them a special tour.


Okay? You're gonna get a special tour. Have fun everybody. A USA SA US a. So just so you know why this is so one that's that the, let's just state the obvious. That's so President Trump for him to do, to take time out of his day and, and go and say hello to people, us citizens, obviously people visiting the White House, just happy to be there. But you may say to yourself, if you've never been inside the complex, the 18 acre White House complex there, well, what's the big deal there? Offices like right next door. Just go say hello.


No, that's not what happens. I don't know if you know this, but there were two tours. I I'm gonna let you in on some inside baseball here. You really want a tour. You want the West Wing tour. They're hard to get. I don, I don't wanna say you gotta know someone, but they're really difficult to get because they one, you're, they don't do tours in the West Wing obviously when the president's there on work hours. So they may do 'em after hours and on the weekends, but there are very, very limited slots. The west wing of the White House, which is the western portion of the obviously is where all the work happens. There are TV shows about it. The West Wing, you don't know what the Western Wing is.


You got the Oval Office over there, you have the cabinet room, Roosevelt Room, you have vice presidents in office, the chief of staff. There's the White House messes over there where everybody eats. That's all in the West Wing that that's not really close to where that is. I know that area. Well that's the east wing. Above it is the residence. You have the two floors above it or the residence. But that floor there, the ground floor and the on the downstairs, that's where the tour, that's where you're allowed in. That's a cool tour. Don't get me wrong, there's a ton of history there. The East Wing tour though, there are a lot of spots. I think you gotta call your congressman or something to get on the list, but the president almost never goes over there.


Matter of fact, if you watch that video again, you'll notice there's a little divider. He walks around that divider is there for a reason because that's the hallway. The president goes up to his residence in when he's done with his workday in the West Wing and they don't want anybody to see him. So for him to walk around a divider, you notice the Secret Service guys, even though it's pretty secure, all walked over there right away. So yeah, on the other right to his back is a divider. He had a walk around and you'll see on Dan s Gino's Twitter feed, he's got a little video, you'll see him peek his camera over the divider 'cause that's where the president goes up to his residence. But he's rarely in that hallway ever. That's so Donald Trump, that's just what he does.


So Thank you President Trump for making the people feel at home back in the people's house. It's our house and he knows that. Alright, I'm gonna take a quick break and here's what I got for you. I got an a good guy Benny Johnson. He had a A an FBI agent on Steve Friend who I know Steve's a Patriot and I had an interesting take on some of the stuff going on in the FBI. It's still out there in the public domain and I want you to, you can draw your own judgments from it. Once I play a quick break, we'll get right back to that.


Hey, we won the election and the fight to restore our Great Nation's only beginning. Now's the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile's leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend their rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responder heroes. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. That one Hundred percent US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Thanks Patriot Mobile again, media folks, that's called an ad. That's what we do.


Here we are winding our business down. It's going to take a couple weeks. I know you all are stunned by that, but again, pretend to do some act of journalism. It is not unusual for a business in this space to have an ad supported revenue model that keeps it free for people pretending to be stumped. This was an interesting clip I saw on the Benny Johnson show. Steve Friend is a FBI agent. I believe he's no longer with the Bureau, but, and he's got an interesting book on the matter as well. So why he's not there. But this is a fascinating take on what some sources are telling him may be going on inside the FBI, which obviously I took an interest in checking this out. Take a listen. I am very familiar with the subterfuge that's going on that's been going on just even outside of the context of destroying classified material.


You, you talk about the ice rates and the fact that all the different federal law enforcement agencies have been tapped to assist with the deportations of the illegal aliens and the resistance that has existed inside my ex-girlfriend over at the FBII mean heard different people have come to me with stories about the fact that there are open conversations in the office where they say, well, if you don't want to Do it, if you have a moral objection, you don't have to Do it. And what are your thoughts on people who do? And then people will openly say, I think you're a Nazi if you do that. And then after that they'll say, Hey, by the way, we're looking for a volunteer who wants to go on this raid? So if you raise your hand, everybody just says, oh, that's a a ma a Nazi. And you're gonna have the target on your back at that point, Folks, I mean, i I it it's interesting how media people have been reaching out to me, people around me and others trying to get a take on how a guy who is a conservative can act in a nonpartisan position.


And yet when guys like Steve Friend and Garrett o' Boyle and other whistleblowers highlight information they're having, I don't hear the media taking an interest in that. Like, well what if we had a problem in a federal agency enforcing the law like the FBI, where there may be some partisan intent in people making law enforcement decisions, maybe reach out while I'm still on the private sector side. I'm not in the government yet. I'm allowed to have an opinion. I'm free to have an opinion and I will, maybe you should ask about that. Maybe we can both contribute to depoliticizing areas of our federal government that shouldn't be politicized. You wanna help or not? I certainly do. Christie Nome has been doing a great job over at DHS too.


Folks, we can't have this, we cannot have a government that leaks like a sieve. When you sign up for a government position, you agree to keep sensitive, information sensitive and close. Not everything is classified. There's some information that's for official use only and there's some that just requires your personal discretion. IE it may not be for official use only, but it's not the kind of thing you're gonna advertise on the front cover of the New York Times. 'cause it may be sensitive and, and you may not have permission to share it. It's incredible how many people don't seem to have this anymore and you're seeing these leaks left and right. Christie Nome has implemented a policy of using the polygraph, which can be, if you get a good polygrapher, it can be hard to beat If you're gonna leak information in violation of your oath to the government to keep that information sensitive, especially when it could create a danger for someone else, then you risk getting caught and you risk getting your job, losing your job, being terminated.


Here's Christie Nome saying she's found people who were leaking information about these ice rage which could cause a really serious public safety situation leak in that. Check this out. I have found some leakers. We are continuing to get more. They will be fired. There will be consequences. And remember when they leak information to the press in order to blow an op, they're putting law enforcement lives in jeopardy. They are risking their lives and putting their families in the position where they have to live without those individuals any further. So you bet we have used every tactic that we have and it's amazing how these bureaucrats who have an agenda to, to stop the work that we're doing to bring safety to America, how they will sell each other down the river if it's just to protect themselves.


So don't worry, I am doing everything to find these leakers and to get rid of them so that we can do our work and our law enforcement officers and agents can Do it safely. Folks, listen, a polygraph like anything else is an unbeatable, but they can be hard to beat. Especially when you get a very skilled polygrapher and many of these people are. Do you think the Trump administration is gonna allow people who chose to work in the government to leak sensitive government information that could cause someone a serious physical injury or death? Of course they're not gonna do that. It's their job in the executive branch to act as an executive and keep information integrity alive. You thought there wasn't gonna be some follow up to this Secretary Noam's not having it.


And I think they're establishing a standard right away. Your job is at risk if you do this. Tulsi Gabbard iss another. This is, he's got the really at this point, the dream cabinet and he's got finally a real diversity of viewpoints. But diversity that matters, not diversity of the way the woke left uses it. Tulsi Gabbard is currently serving as a DNI post confirmation and a monster story broke about sex chats amongst people in sensitive intelligence positions in the NSA. Again, folks, your personal private time you do you man, I'm not there to criticize your lifestyle if you're not breaking the law.


Whatever you want you do as long as you're not breaking the law or infringing on anyone else's rights and liberties. However, government time sensitive information, no dice, Tulsi Gabbard, iss not having it either. Check this out. Not so good to see some of these transgender sex chats among the Intel officials. What are we gonna do about that? Well, Jesse, what we're going to do has already been done. There are over a hundred people from across the intelligence community that contributed to and participated in this. What, what is really just an egregious violation of trust. What to speak of like basic rules and standards around professionalism. I put out a directive today that they all will be terminated and their security clearances will be revoked.


I mean this shouldn't be a surprise to anybody. Ladies and gentlemen, there's accountability in any job. Nobody's angry at people who go and work for the government. We're angry at people who are not working for the government. And taking your taxpayer dollars shouldn't be hard to figure out why are so many Americans now getting behind this Elon Musk Trump administration? Is it Amy Gleason effort in the Doge to make government more efficiently operate on taxpayer funds because they know, because they've been operating in the private sector forever. Where if you waste money, get caught or do this kind of stuff on company time, you actually get fired.


This isn't new to them. Why are you acting surprised? By the way, Thank you all for following Hailey. I just, Haley, we're a new show launching soon, 6:00 PM Eastern Time nightly scroll with Hailey Car. She is at Haley car on X-H-A-Y-L-E-Y-C-A-R-O-N-I-A. Haley Kania with a C. She's up to 25,000 followers. I just retweeted her, so that is really fantastic. Thank you guys so much. You're the best for Mug Club is in our chat. Crowders, we love Crowder Crowder's the best mug club's here. Crowder's been crushing our mug club. There are a lot of mugs out there with Mug club. I wish I would've thought of that first.


Maybe we should, we should have done a mug club ourselves. A genius move. He's the best. We love you Steve. Thanks. Unfortunately we had a little techie issue in the beginning of the show. We lost a few minutes in the beginning, but we did it over. Okay, I'm gonna take our last break of the show. I'm gonna take it 'cause I've got a really important segment coming up. Something big happened last night, folks. Donald Trump has transformed the Republican party. That's not a news flash. I get it. Many of you're like, oh my gosh, I what Dan, what you No, you know, no kidding. I haven't seen Unity like I saw last night in a long time. There's always a few who wanna do their own thing without regard for the bigger Republican MAGA message.


Something happened yesterday and you know, I'm a, I'm a spreadsheets guy, plus ones minus ones. I don't get emotional Speaker Johnson. And the the whip on the Republican side managed to align the Republicans with a slim lead in the house in the direction. Good thing. Have your beefs on other stuff. That's fine. I have. It's been out on the air. But President Trump apparently got on the phone and which speaker Johnson made this happen last night. It's a big deal. I'm gonna tell you what happened and why it matters in a minute. Executive orders are great, but you need legislation. Have you've seen the news from some economists forecasting a depression, not a recession, but a depression.


By the year 2030, we could be in the perfect storm. If social security and Medicare hit a breaking point with the largest generation hitting retirement. A smaller workforce usually means a smaller tax base. Pair that with our growing national debt and a rising cost of living and we could have a big problem. So what are you doing now to help protect your family for the


future? Gold has been a safe haven asset in hard economic times. And Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA of 401k into an IRA in gold that doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. So protect your future today. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation only information. I buy my gold from Birch Gold. You can trust them too. So text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply


last sponsor Helix sleep.com/dan. That's the mattress I have in my house right now. It's a Helix Helix. Sleep is an award-winning mattress. Brand's been the essential reason why I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to tackle the new day. No more tossing and turning or sleepless nights if you're dealing with snoring, sleep apnea back pain. If you sleep hot Helix has a mattress option for you. Visit Helix sleep.com/dan to get started. You know what? Good Night sleeps one of the best ways to have a better quality of life. Helix Mattress can help figure out which mattress will work best for you. I have a pretty hectic schedule, long work days. I always look forward to sleep on my Helix mattress. It's a game changer for sleep. So many of my listeners are getting Helix mattresses now. It makes a big difference in their lives as well. And right now get Helix as best offer available. Exclusive for my listeners. 27% off Sitewide. That's right. Just visit Helix sleep.com/dan. Get 27% off height Sitewide. Once again, that's Helix sleep.com/dan. Thank you Helix, we appreciate it.


Here is Speaker Johnson last night folks, the process has started. I wanna emphasize to you something very important. The process for this. What Donald Trump calls a one big, bold, beautiful bill has just begun the the bill that is going to actually do this stuff in the bill IEA transformation of the border by building the wall, establishing our military dominance and lethality again, tax cuts. The economic prosperity program, the no tax on tips. This is a start. The start of the reconciliation process. They needed to get every Republican on board. It can only lose one. They did lose one. Congressman Nassie, I get what he's trying to do, but this is one of those letting the enemy the perfect be the enemy.


The good thing I understand. However, we are dealing with slim majorities. I'm dealing with the world we live in, not the world we'd want to live in. But I understand the principle I I've been a fan of, of cutting government spending for a long time. Speaker Johnson unbelievably got this thing through last night. This that got it passed to start this thing here. He was right afterwards. This is a big bill that will actually really change America if this thing passes. Check this out. Speaker, do you Have the votes? Yep. How much work are you gonna have to do out there on the floor to make sure you can actually get there? I think we've got it. You think you already have blocked it down? I do. Yeah. Is this is the Senate resolution plan B, There's no plan B.


This is the only plan we're running with. Are you worried You'll lose the president's trust If it fails? No. No. I've spoken to the president multiple times today. He knows exactly what we're doing and why. Folks, I wanna emphasize to you the importance of this. Executive orders are fantastic and I really applaud President Trump for using the constitutional powers of the presidency to do the things he wants to do and to move the country in that promised make America great again agenda. He's not a guy who promises things and doesn't do 'em and it's fantastic that he's moving him in the right direction. But executive hour, ex ex executive orders, excuse me, are, are limited in their ability to change the country. I've asked you in the chat many times you already know.


What'd you say? Crowder says you're home. $30, Dan. I mean, sorry, I'll have to write you a check. Maybe cash. We gotta stop by Dallas. But folks, executive orders are only good as long as you're the executive. Now if say JD Vance were to run and JD Vance wins next time, the likelihood of him overturning a Trump executive order is, is is probably slim to none and slim left town. However, if there's another election, not if there's a, there's gonna be another election. If in the next election the Democrats win those executive orders are gonna be bye-bye. See you later. Legislation can be overturned with new legis legislation but it's not easy.


You have to get a majority of the house and sometimes a filibuster proof Senate depending on the process you use. It's a big deal. This bill is enormous. I agree with the President Trump approach and the house side approach. I'm not telling you the Senate side is wrong. I understand what they're trying to do. But the senate's saying let's take an easy win on the border and defense move on to the tough stuff later. The house is saying no, let's put it all in one big bill. Tactically speaking, you don't have to listen to me. I mean, you know, do your own. You guys got elected in your own districts. I'm just saying it is easier to rally people around one big bold message than to have to rally people twice it. Right? It's easier to play one game and and and one big game and win it than to win two big games back to back.


That's just a simple sports analogy. You don't wanna play the Super Bowl twice. It is easy to rally people around one thing when the cause is so bold and transformative. Also, it affords you the opportunity to tell everyone up there on the house side 'cause they're not gonna get any Democrat votes. Hey listen, this big bill, everybody's gonna have to take it on the chin a little bit. Not everybody's gonna get what they want and you don't have so much infighting with it. I think the big bill is the way to go. Amazingly, the AP came out with this story. Nearly 40% of contracts canceled by Musk's Doge are expected to produce no savings. I would be stunned to see how they got, they got mad. Is is this one of those like scoring things they do with the CPO where they magically tell you tax cuts cost the government revenue but cannot produce a a, a single A data set of examples long term showing that income tax cuts cost the government revenue.


Not really sure how that works. I'm not sure where they got the math from but Gee says he has a Wait, wait. You have something over there. You said there's a, I don't know what this is. Gee says there was a math lesson previously on how this works and it was on, was it NBC one time? I may have missed this. So let me hear this. You see it as a possibility. If he wants to spend a billion bucks beating this guy, he could Do it. Absolutely. Somebody tweeted recently that actually with the money he spent, he could have given every American a million dollars. I got it. Let's put it up on the screen. Yeah. Bloomberg spent 500 million on ads US population 327 million. Don't tell us if you're ahead of us on the math, he could have given each American $1 million and have had lunch money left over.


It's an incredible way of putting it. It's an incredible way of putting it. Yeah, it is incredible because I don't know where you got that math from. I'm not sure. You know, there's a calculator. Do you have it on your phone guys? You have a calculator app? 'cause I'm pretty sure it's standard on just about every phone. What do you have? You have an iPhone. You have on one of those, one of those Google phones, Android phones. I'm reasonably confident there's a calculator app and it can do complicated calculations. And the crazy thing is it does it like that even got chat GPT and Grok. You can ask them questions like, Hey can you do this math for me? I didn't know you guys still had that running around by the way. Good call on that one. The Mary Kay Brian Williams math.


They're making a big mistake here too. I told you the Democrats are making an enormous mistake dying on this hill of essentially fighting for extended periods of government waste and abuse. American workers live in work in jobs every day in coal mines and office buildings everywhere where they're forced to do performance reviews. They may like or they may not, but they have to do 'em to justify their jobs. Doge is popular because those same people say, well if you work for the government, why don't you have to do that too? Here's our friend Chi Reik over at Libs at TikTok. The new poll is absolutely devastating to Democrats. The Doge is extremely popular by huge margins. They screech about it on publications, but the American people aren't falling for it.


She notes shows how irrelevant the media and leftist talking heads are. Peter St. Ange is a commentator. We use his content often great on the economic material. We've used it often on the show. You can find him on x commented on the doge right here in do's popularity. This is worth hearing. Check this out. The department of Government efficiency is rising in the polls with all important swing voters. This despite left-wing media attacking do's, anti-corruption crusade with everything they've got. And yet Doge is getting more popular among the American people while Donald Trump is running about 10 points more popular than last time around in case media wonders if they've lost their power to hypnotize the voters.


In a recent video I mentioned a December CBS poll that found support for Trump's economic policies is off the charts. Two thirds of Americans want regulations cut. Two thirds want oil drilling expanded. And here's where Doge comes in. Three quarters of Americans want government spending cut while three quarters also want tax cuts. Those go hand in hand. Now keep in mind that was all before Doge hit the corruption mother load, the transgender comic books in Peru. The Politico subscriptions the hundreds of millions to the Talibans Sesame Street in Iraq. Folks, the listen to me here, this is important.


The era decades ago, as I've said often of C-B-S-N-B-C and a BC, Cronkite, Brokaw, Peter Jennings and others, basically dictating what the nation spoke about is over. You know, I Justin, when were you born? Two, two, 2002. My gosh. I mean I, it's insane. Like I I really don't feel this old. So I, I was born in 1974. I remember this, I was, I'm not gonna tell I was following politics when I was six years old and be sound ridiculous, but it was, you know, I remember the Reagan presidency. I remember, you know, I remember my mother and father talking about it all the time.


If it was not discussed when I say it, I mean anything, the doge, transgender comic books in Peru, whatever it may be, if it didn't make the nightly news, you didn't hear about it because there was a good chance it wasn't gonna make your local paper either. So unless you were living inside the government and filtering through the paper every day and and had a, had an inside source giving you information, there was no way for you to know really that this was gonna happen unless you were really like a diehard advocate for government reform and doing a lot of homework every day. Twitter, x Facebook, TikTok, the internet websites.


I mean I drudge at the time before, you know, went way far left. They changed everything. It is now things are a national story at the drop of a hat. Why is this important? Because of the transition to this next segment, the White House Correspondence Association, I, you know, the WHCA, which to me means Waka the White House Communications Agency, which handles comms, but that's different. The White House Correspondence Association that represents media interest, they're very upset about a decision that was made yesterday. And the way they're framing this does not necessarily align with my experience working and around the White House.


They're making it out like this is some kind of, you know, Caroline Levitt, tyrannical Donald Trump led movement. They're trying to cut off media access to the White House. That's ridiculous. Here she is yesterday saying how they're gonna be operating the press room and the mechanics of how the press operates with the White House a little bit differently and cue the meltdown afterwards. Check this out. As you all know, for decades a group of DC based journalists, the White House Correspondence Association has long dictated which journalists get to ask questions of the president of the United States in these most intimate spaces. Not anymore. I am proud to announce that we are going to give the power back to the people who read your papers, who watch your television shows, and who listen to your radio stations moving forward.


The White House press pool will be determined by the White House press team. Legacy outlets who have participated in the press pool for decades will still be allowed to join. Fear not, but we will also be offering the privilege to well deserving outlets who have never been allowed to share in this awesome responsibility. Listen, I get it. You media interests are going to be in promoting their own outlet, whatever it may be. Reuters, ap, they want people on their site that's a business interest, which is interesting 'cause they keep attacking people like me who have business interests myself that want people on our side for the same thing they want. But this new democratized information exchange era requires new ways of operating.


You're not obligated to agree with it, but suggesting in any way that somehow your access to information is gonna be shut down is ridiculous. There are press releases that go out on email. You can go online and queue up CSPAN or a thousand different outlets. And guys, Don, we take stuff live all the time. Is did no one's hiding information from you. Donald Trump yesterday sat in the Oval Office and what did he take? Like 20 questions. I've never seen a guy take more questions. This is your idea of Donald Trump's sealing off the White House to press inquiries.


That's insane. Matter of fact, Caroline Levit brought it up yesterday on our ex account, Peter Baker at the New York Times. He said that this reminds him of the early days of Putin's reign, how the Kremlin took over the press pool. Let me explain to you how the press pool, this is ridiculous. Caroline Levitt responded, gimme a break Peter moments after you tweeted this, the president invited journalists into the oval and took questions for nearly an hour. Your hysterical reaction to a long overdue and much needed change to an outdated organization is precisely why we made the change. Gone are the days where left wing stenographers posing as journalists such as yourself dictate who gets to ask what. Dropping the hammer on that one.


Folks, there are various types of press when you go out with the press today, I'm gonna bore you with all the details, but the press pool gets the most intimate access. That's the people you see in that press room. They're the ones that travel on Air Force one, the ones that travel into motorcade. That's the, they, you know, they'll get like a p pass for the press pool. You can get access to the press pool on the road too. You can get a, a pl like a pool local. Well they'll, they'll insert and embed local reporters. If you go to say whatever Cincinnati, a local Cincinnati NBC guy, you, you stick 'em in there as well. So they get access on the road when you're in Cincinnati, then you get others like Elsa. But the White House Democrats and Republicans, I promise you 'cause I've worked for both.


Do everything they can to get access to the broadest amount of press people. That doesn't mean it has to be the same press people every time. You don't have to agree with the decision. But any assertion that this is some kind of Kremlin like cramp down on the clamp down on the press is absurd. Nobody is more open and accessible to the press than President Trump. They have you seen like a single event in the last month he's at where there are cameras and mics there and boom mics where he doesn't stop and take a question or two. The only time I've seen him not Do it is late at night when he's leaving an event and he's gotta get back. That's it.


I mean, if you had any evidence that let's say you could produce some data in receipts, maybe the MAGA audience would take it seriously if you said, Hey, Donald Trump's only taken two questions since he entered off his other P he's taken probably 10 x The number of questions anyone else besides prior Donald Trump in 2016. And it's precisely for reasons like this. Again, with the headlines and the misleading efforts by media people to tell us story rather than thus story. It gets frustrating for people like me. Yet they still have all the access they want. Here's what I mean. AP headline, federal technology staffers resign rather than help Elon Musk and the Doge.


Well it's interesting because that's not really what, well, it's a story, but it's not what folks in the chat, it's not the story. Elon notes more fake news from associated propaganda. Those were democrat political holdovers who refused to return to the office. They would've been fired. How they had they not resigned? Can you skip to Jim's email? I'm gonna that you saw that right? It folks, if you're not gonna show some kind of modicum of interest in the truth or actually doing actual journalism, don't be surprised when people don't treat you like actual journalists.


So this happened, this is producer Jim, Mrs. His, his EXAC account at JJ Verde. So he gets an email when you, I know you're gonna make me cover the Star Wars thing too, aren't you? This story we had to get through though, Jim, this is from Julie Walker at the ap. I'm not sure if you produced the Dan Bonino show, but AP Radio is looking for permission to put out two soundbites from the show with courtesy. Would you know who to connect? She's not rude and I'm not sure you produced the Dan Bonino show. Jim responds. You wanna know why APS been kicked outta the press room? Look at this first sentence. All you have to do is look at my bio here.


His LinkedIn, Facebook, true social. I'll add one. He wrote a book about the show called the Dan Bonino Show Survival Guide. You know the basics. Make journalism great again or turn the radio on or turn the radio on for five minutes where I probably address producer Jim a thousand times. But this, that's why they're gone. This is why I love that picture. We need to get that for the for the new studio. By the way, we may be in the new studio. We may be in there as soon as next week. Now I wanna note we have different personalities on Michael is the optimist. He is kind of the baseline, like never moves his emotions either way.


Justin is the more pragmatist guy who believes, if they tell you we'll be in there tomorrow, it means next week he always adds like seven days or seven x anything. We could possibly be in the new studio as early as next week possibly, maybe, probably could. He doesn't like possibly and maybes Justin. But Justin, can we both agree the new studio, you are gonna absolutely love it. It is just wait. You are gonna love the visuals. Even if we get a week's worth of shows in there, Haley will be using it for a 6:00 PM show. Ev Vita's gonna be using it. You are gonna love the look and Thank you to the studio designers and my wife Paula, who really was the one who put her heart and soul into it.


I wanna get to this too. Expect more of this hysteria. And of course these narratives and stories will be propagated by people with a political agenda as this bill moves through Congress. This big, bold, beautiful bill that I promise you will transform America. This is real lasting heavy change. If this bill that they got started on last night, speaker Johnson and Republicans about the border defense tax cuts, no tax on tips. There's so much good stuff in there. If it passes, it's gonna be the biggest thing, one of the biggest things to happen in 20 years. Of course you got Democrats had to get super political about it and give you, the grandma's gonna get thrown off the cliff. Dogs and cats are gonna be living together Ghostbuster style with the freakout.


And they do this every single time. I'm not sure it's gonna work though. Now that Donald Trump has the, has the megaphone. Check this out. Children Will be devastated, families will be devastated. People with disabilities will be devastated. Seniors will be devastated. Hospitals will be devastated. Nursing homes will be devastated. So let me be clear. House Democrats will not provide a single vote to this reckless Republican budget. Not one. Why? Because we're voting with the American people. Of course, it didn't end there.


Hysterical responses, hyperbole to the max. It didn't end there. You always have to throw out the R racist card as well. They Do it so often. The sad part about this is real racist may actually get away with it. 'cause you've called so many people racist. Nobody takes the label seriously when it comes from folks like Premier Jayapal. Here she is again with the racist line, brings immigrants into the mix. And why do the Democrats every time they talk about immigrants to the country, talk about cleaning toilet bowls, picking vegetables, is do you really believe you're making headway into the hearts and minds of people insulting immigrants?


My wife's an immigrant. She's running my entire company and was a vice president with a huge DC firm and is a really, really skilled web and database designer. Why is every immigrant picking vegetables or cleaning toilet poles to these leftists? You notice how they talk to people. Check this out. Immigrants are us. Yes, immigrants are us, and we all deserve respect and dignity. That's right. If you look at the food that's on your table, think about who picked it. If you look at your homes, This is why you see the cannibalism theory. Do you understand how they all have to up the ante every time to make it look like they're the most radical?


So they can appeal to the, the base of donors and everyone else. Once someone says, oh, we're gonna throw grandma off a cliff, someone say, oh, they're gonna throw immigrants, they're gonna lock up the kids. This is the kind of insanity that gins up money and support amongst their restless base that just wants to see something happen. But that's what also leads to cannibalism theory. And you're seeing it here in this article at the Hill. Some Democrat donors, ladies and gentlemen, have had enough of this angry Democrat donors turn off the flow of money. Quote, I'll be blunt here. The Democrat party is effing terrible, plain and simple. One major donor said, in fact, it doesn't get much worse. I told you they were gonna start to eat themselves alive as they all jockey for the scraps from alongside table.


If you've ever seen Braveheart, when the pie starts getting smaller and smaller and people are hungry, folks, everybody starts digging with their nails at the last piece. You're seeing that now because they don't have a unified message. And then when they get hungry, they start eating each other. Here's the top Biden advisor, Mike Donald, and now and the Democrats. Now the Democrats eating each other alive. Going back now looking back in the past after the debate and saying Biden shouldn't have got out, that it was insane to force amount. I told you they were gonna turn on each other as things got bad. I actually predicted this before the election. Watch this. Now, lots of people have terrible debates, okay?


Trump had a terrible debate against Harris, right? Reagan had a terrible debate. Obama had a terrible debate. Lots of people have terrible debates. Usually the party doesn't lose its mind. But that's what happened here. It just, it melted down. And what happened was, in my view, and look, I look, I look, I don't look, I think folks who had this view believed that, you know, that Biden was gonna lose. He didn't have it anymore. He had to get out. That was the best thing for the party that I understand. That's their view. Okay? You know, I have a view too, right? And my view is they really, I think, I think it was insane.


I think the party lost its mind. They don't this, the pie is disappearing. You see what's happening, right? Everybody's hungry. Everybody's hungry and thirsty and they need a bit. And whereas the Republican party has been rejuvenated under Donald Trump in just 30 days with this massive agenda he put forth. Everybody's at the point of they'll never get satiated with the wins, but they're feeling pretty darn good. The opposite is happening over there. That's why you're seeing this scrap and everybody trying to say something more outrageous to get some cameras on them and some more attention. 'cause they see it all falling apart and they wanna preserve that little piece of the pie they have left before they start eating each other.


All right? I gotta make an executive decision here. So we put together this show, prep sheet, everything. You see my notes on it right here. And I'm like, well that's not my handwriting. What the hell is this? At the end? Doesn't even look like my handwriting. It says, here, lemme show. Must cover musco. I'm thinking it's a story about me, the FBI, maybe a story about this massive bill last night. No, it isn't. So out of respect for Gee, and I'm getting goosebumps. Why? Because these guy folks, star Wars boss, Kathleen Kennedy's planning to exit Lucas film at the end of 2025. Yay. I'm according to the guys, I don't know who this person is, they have informed me that they, they, I don't know this person.


They personally attribute the collapse of the Star Wars franchise to this woman, Kathleen Kennedy. Kathleen, I don't know you at all. I trust my people. I have no reason to believe they're lying. I'm just saying, these guys want me to sound excited, so yay. You know what? I may collapse the wire. You really should put your, the flames thing up. Just that for you. We never use it. I mean, they're so ex it said they've never written on my show prep sheet ever. Is this Gee's handwriting? Or, or Justin Gee. Must cover right there. There you go. Gee, yes, folks in the chat, can you do me a favor? Yeah, you're welcome. Out of respect for, Gee, can everybody in the chat put the clapping hands emoji or so just so maybe the fire flames or something like that.


Make Gee happy Justin too. Kathleen Kennedy is planning to exit Lucas Film and start. Yes, this is awesome. Greatest story of the day. I'll be sure in a, in a radio to open up with this too, with producer Jim. Jim's like I don here though. All right. I'm just messing with you. But there, There you go. There you go. In the chat. Everybody makes sure Gee, feels better now at Poor Kathleen's getting, I don't even know who this woman is. No idea. Was she like the ster or something? Is that okay? Good. All right, now I feel better about it. All right, folks, thanks again for tuning in. My deepest apologies for the breakdown, but G's right, even the best systems.


We haven't had a breakdown in that system in a really long time. It happened to happen today at the beginning of the show, but we made the decision to start over. So we gave you a first show. Oh, what happened at b's? Not a, everything's falling apart. Everything's falling apart in this show. I'll see you on the radio show here in a little bit, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM as we wrap up the Dan Bonino show. Love you guys. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bonino show.