
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. Folks, Now that this new shocking, stunning, explosive, ah, I don't know, the, the, the, the adjectives add verbs, modify it even matter. Now that this new shocking video has emerged of what appears to be the sniper on the roof, and everybody can see the POV, the point of view of what the Secret Service and the President, president Trump would've had. Now, do you see why sane people all across the world, not just America, are starting to be like, is there something more sinister going on here?


Again, I'm a man of evidence, however, I'm not a man of stupidity either. What the hell is going on here? Is there going to be any version of this event that the Secret Service puts out in public that is going to be backed up by actual evidence At this point? I, I'll show you what I mean. I'll play you Director Rose testimony and you'll see how what they would've seen at the site if they were looking around does not marry up with that at all.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam's Dream Powder every week, so go get it. Stop delaying this stuff changed my sleep habits. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


big show for you today, including just quickly when we start off this Russia prisoner swap thing, Ladies and gentlemen, my antenna went up on this. I'm glad to have our people home period. However, there's still a lot of questions out there. You thinking some of the things I'm thinking,


Hey, using the internet without ExpressVPN is like having a first aid kit, but nothing but not keeping it stocked up. What's the point? Most of the time you could be okay, but what if an actual emergency happens? How you gonna stop bleeding? If, you don't have the equipment in the first aid kit every time you connect to an unencrypted network. Any hacker on the same network can gain access to your personal data. Doesn't take a lot of technical knowledge to do it either. And to hack someone your data is really valuable. Hackers can make up to a thousand dollars per person selling personal info on the dark web. ExpressVPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So hackers can't steal your sensitive data in between. It's super secure and easy to use. You. just fire up the app, click a button and get protected and express. VPN works on all your devices so you can stay secure on the go. Folks, it's important to me to use ExpressVPN. You know why? It's nobody's business with me and I'm what I'm doing online. I've got contacts I'm dealing with and other people. It's none of their business. It's nobody's business. Get ExpressVPN secure online data today by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino exp R ess ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. You can get an extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino,


right fellas, let's go first. Just this Fox story fast happened this morning, broke right before we came on the air. Again, a fully dispositive period. Full stop statement. I'm very glad we got some of our people home. The reporter Kovich and Paul Wheeland. Good. I do not want American citizens in prison by tyrannical regimes overseas. However, the trade and the timing of the trade and who was given up for the trade matters, okay? It matters because it's a real story with real geopolitical implications and it also incentivizes Russia to take future hostages if they're gonna get asymmetrical deals. And the question I'm asking, which is a fair question we should all be asking is why does Vladimir Putin seem so eager to help Joe Biden all the time?


I'm glad our people are home. Everyone in the chat, correct? If it was my kid, I'd wanna do anything. If it was my father, I'd wanna do anything. But why was Vladimir Putin quiet about the Hunter Biden laptop? Why was Vladimir Putin quiet when he was falsely accused of colluding with Trump to steal an election? Why is he all of a sudden so eager to get a deal done in this hostage trade in election season when these guys have been prisoners for a really long time? Folks, I'm sorry, but this stuff matters. The Biden administration has a history of malfeasance, a foreign influence, peddling and other things.


Are you as curious as I am about this show that Fox News story again, wall Street Journal reporter, Evan Kovich, who again, I'm glad he's home, being released by Russian, a prisoner swap. Paul Waylan also free. He's been, he's been in prison for a long time. That's good. But Ladies and gentlemen, the details matter as I get the details. Again, I'm a man of evidence when I speculate, I'll tell you, and I'm also a man of evidence in this secret service case and Ladies and gentlemen, this thing is just getting, I mean, this is beyond ugly at this point. You know, I came in this morning, Avita had another banger of a show. Thank you all for tuning into early edition with Avita and we're looking at each other like neither one of us are what you'd call what the left uses as a sort of conspiracy theorists, okay?


None of us, we, we, we, we, we talk, yeah, we let the facts guide you. It's okay to speculate, folks. I, I think we can all say, right, the chap, wouldn't you agree? I have been really hesitant to get ahead of this story 'cause I'm not gonna ruin my credibility. I'm not. I would rather lose 10 listeners who want me to make a light year leap and gain a hundred who want the truth. That's a trade I'll make every day. But I'm not idiot either. What the hell is going on here? I'm gonna do this in reverse a little bit. I should probably play the video first, but I'm not, I'm gonna play the video. Just let me tee tee up for you.


That Fox News got ahold of is from one of the victims who was shot by crooks, the assassin and the Trump assassination plot one of the victims. So there's no one with more credibility on this than this guy. It's a cell phone video and you can clearly see a figure running on the roof, setting up and it appears to be the shooter. I dunno who else it would be. Now here's the weird thing. Just a few days ago, the acting director who, my gosh, I have warned you about, I can't warn you about any stronger terms. This guy will fix nothing. He's a coverup artist. Just a few days ago he gave an answer to Senator Gary Peters in the hearing.


And I want you to listen to this. This is before that video surface where you can now see the guy clear his day. And I want you to listen for a couple things. First, he acknowledges it was at least the 32nd window where they knew something was on the roof. There was more than that, but we had a minimum of 30 seconds. That's a long time to evacuate the president. He acknowledges that quote. They had radios on the tactical net they had, so someone heard something. Then he says, this is the critical part. I want you to listen for everyone here in the show. Listen, 'cause I want you to hear this. The sec, the secret service director says, we knew they were working an issue at the three o'clock, Ladies and gentlemen, if the three o'clock is off the stage, then why was no one looking there as the guy was moving on the roof?


Listen to this testimony. Tell me I'm crazy. Check this out. Local law enforcement and Butler told my staff that, that they had no way of communicating directly with the Secret Service. And if I listened to Mr. Bates saying there was about a 30 seconds between when the local law enforcement reported that there was a man on the roof with a gun, 30 seconds, if it's communicated directly to a counter sniper team, would that be enough time to react prior to the firing of those shots, Senator, if we'd had that information, they would've been able to address it more quickly. It appears that that information was stuck or siloed in that state and local channel.


I will tell you though, that there were, our tactical elements did have, not only did they have embeds from Butler County, ESU with them, but they also had radios on the tactical net. It, it is troubling to me that we did not get that information as quickly as we should have. We didn't know that there was this incident going on. And the only thing we had was that locals were working an issue at the three o'clock, which would've been the former president's right hand side, which is where the shot came. Nothing about man on the roof, nothing about man with a gun. None of that information ever made it over our net. So that will change.


Yes sir. We are working right now to figure out the interoperability and also make sure that we do have access to those channels, whether through their counterpart system or some other means. We so Herman in the chat says, Roe is lying. Certainly seems that way. Folks, can you explain to me, I'm gonna, again, I'll play the video in a second, but it's important we dissect this first. 'cause he just told two directly con directly conflicting stories under oath in the same, what is that a minute and 22 second clip or something. It's, he told two completely different stories. Let me quote.


We had radios on the tactical net with embeds. Embeds, meaning our guys were embedded with the locals and locals were embedded with us. That's what embeds are. We were embedded with them. So I don't understand, we didn't get the info. But then he says, we had radios on the tactical net and then he said the information was siloed, but he said we knew they were working an issue at the three o'clock. Which freaking story is true, bro. Did you have embeds who had radios on the tactical net or not? You said you didn't get the info and then you just said they were working an issue with the three o'clock folks.


The clock system with the secret service is very simple. You look off the stage is the 12 behind the stage is the six. You got the nine and the three. It's not really difficult to figure out if they knew they were quote, I'm just quoting Ron Ro folks, I'm not making this up. If they knew they were working an issue at the three o'clock, why did nobody look to the three o'clock? You just heard it. Look at the three o'clock. Then he says that they knew they were working an issue at the three o'clock, but they knew nothing about a man on the roof.


He was at the three o'clock. Just look, I wanna play the video then I wanna do a deep dive on how many people either should have seen him, didn't see him, were there or shamefully weren't there, and how folks, again, was it? I I I really, I ask you just to be guided by facts and evidence. The problem is nobody trusts these people anymore with the facts or evidence. Nobody, nothing they're saying is true. After this video emerged, you should all be asking questions. You wanna vo this? You think it's better? Gee? Oh, for sure. Okay. Vo it.


Voice over it. Okay, here's President Trump. Look at the figure on the roof folks, just keep playing it. Let it loop you. Now, you see him reappear again. Now If, you are watching. Remember the 12 o'clock is off the, off the nose of the stage is the guy sitting up there like one of those gas station blow up things waving. No Folks, ro just acknowledged though that the locals had already said on the tactical net where they had embeds that they were quote, working an issue at the three o'clock If. you are looking at the three o'clock.


How the hell do you miss this? This is a cell phone. Camera Gee was at, gee, went to school for film stuff. This is not a zoom high telephoto freaking lens. Used to film a Marvel movie. It's a cell phone. You can see the guy clear his day. How did they miss this? I don't know, brother. I don't know. He said or did they? Folks, this video is stunning. It's just that, just keep that still right there. How do you miss that folks?


This is a cell phone camera. It's not even focused and you can still see a figure moving on the roof. This is, this is completely disregarding the fact that 90 minutes in advance, someone had been notified within the tactical elements on the, on the through text and otherwise that there was a shadowy figure making furtive movements at the site. 90 minutes. What, what I don't understand And, I say this to people who have reached out to me and you know who you are, who were still defending this. What is left to defend?


You were told 90 minutes out, you were told 60 minutes out, you were told by text. You were told by radios on the tactical net. You were told probably by email. I would guess the security room failed. The PI team failed. The CSU team failed. The post standards failed. The shift failed. The the L failed the locals. Nobody stopped. I don't understand you. You're expecting people to believe the implausible because they can't believe the alternative that that this much incompetence was displayed on the same day Having some nice scopes there, right? I mean, look, you've got CS teams that are watching this. This is a, that's not the team actually that took 'em out.


But that was a team. But they're right in front of the other team. The cell phone can spot That if a cell phone can. But sure enough, a high powered scope. I mean, I don't know what those are you tech or whatever. I mean, how do you miss this, Right? Like doesn't, don't spotters have this stuff. I mean isn't that what's on the roof there folks? How did we miss this? Let me go through piece by piece here. How many people had to miss what was happening despite, again, the director acknowledging that we knew they were working an issue at the three o'clock.


Look to three o'clock at every site, there's a PI team. Folks, I've said this before, a protective intelligence team, their only job is to go investigate threats. What the hell were they doing for 90 minutes? What were they doing? Was there a CSU team there? A counter surveillance team? Their entire job is to go and act in an undercover manner and detect threats. Were they even there? If not, why? Who denied the asset if they were there? How did they miss this Folks? You had three post standers from the Secret Service.


And I believe 20 to 22 HSI posts standers. How did they miss this? You had the shift the body men around President Trump. They're sitting there. There's usually a right and the left post stander at 12 o'clock, right off the nose of the stage. You've seen 'em on both sides of the presence standing there like this with the glasses. How did they not see this? You had the DL and a shift supervisor there, the detail leader and a shift. A shift supervisor. Did anybody know this guy was on the roof? Folks? I'm sorry.


This is, this is just beyond the pale at this point. And then he says at the end, Ron Rowe, that they knew nothing about a man on the roof. You knew they were working an issue at three o'clock. It's up to you to say, you mean the guy on the roof? Folks, these are the questions you should be asking that again, journalists, Susan Crabtree's doing a good job, and Sean Davis and others and Molly Hemingway. There are very few others asking the right questions. I'm giving you the questions. Get your pens out. What was the protective intelligence secret service team doing?


Were they there? If not, that's an even worse problem. Why didn't you have a PI team If? you did. What the hell were they doing? Where was the counter surveillance team? How did the posts standers miss this? How did the shift miss it? This is just unforgivable. And. I would not be surprised if texts were being deleted right now. They've got a history of doing this and Roe was there when it happened. The January 6th text and folks, the bad news just keeps on coming. I'm telling you, you think the secret service problems are over. They have just begun. It's a story that came out yesterday, didn't make a lot of waves. A Jackie Heinrich tweet from Fox, I'm gonna get to in a minute.


But for a, you think President Trump's in a bad security situation now wait till you see what happens. What's coming up? 'cause nobody's reading deeper into this. They're only seeing the surface stuff. I'm here for the dig. For the dig. I'll get, I'll get you six feet deep on these stories. All right, quick break. We'll get back to what I'm talking about.


Hey, a lot of Americans are tired and frustrated by the stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault in their values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military veteran and first responder heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes and put America first. By switching to Patriot Mobile today, you get the same coverage as the big providers 'cause Patriot Mobile offer operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. That 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values. Have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Join us. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. By the way, met the guy who runs the company at the RNC and is just really, really grateful for all of you out here for supporting Patriot Mobile. So thank you on on their behalf. I really appreciate it. I know they do too.


Getting back to the show folks, the mistakes right now are not explainable as simple mistakes. They're only explainable as a series of options. Number one, negligence so profound that it's borderline criminal. Second malfeasance. Third, a combination of malfeasance and negligence, potentially criminal depending on who you look at If. you get what I mean. There's no explaining this anymore and nothing they say is ever true. Every story they've told is turned out to be inaccurate so far. At least the major details.


Here's what I was talking about. Jackie Heinrich at Fox. Put this tweet out and people are missing. The bigger story Fox News has learned. The Biden administration is gaming out possible foreign travel for Biden's final months in office with an eye to his biggest foreign policy issues. You can read the rest of the tweet, but she, she talks about him traveling around the world, Africa, middle East elsewhere, doing all this stuff. Now this got almost no attention and it won't today given the prison swap. The news cycle is just, I mean you wanna talk about drinking it from a fire hose. This is the easiest time and easiest workload I have ever had on the stressful conditions because you can put the show together in five minutes because there's just so much news. Why is this a big deal?


This is really bad news for the Secret Service. I will say in advance that what Biden's doing in his last term in office, his last few months in office is not unusual. For as much as I'd like to say, Biden's doing something no one's ever done 'cause he's an awful terrible guy, which he is by the way. Period. Every president go look at their travel schedule. Bush, Clinton, Obama. What they do in their last few months of office is they take a couple of foreign trips. You wanna know why they're really doing it. This has nothing to do with their legacy or any of that bullshit. You know what's really going on? I was there. Don't tell me otherwise. I talked to staffers and everything. They want free trips around the world so they can get a bunch of pictures.


Their grandkids will see later on of them in Red Square or them at the lost city of Petra. That's what they're doing it for. Trust me, I've been there. Yeah, they'll pretend it's about foreign policy stuff. Why an 81-year-old guy with a cognitive disorder wants to fly overseas in the last month of office. It has nothing to do with foreign policy stuff. They could come here. They just wanna go touring the world on the taxpayer dime on Air Force one on a VIP trip. I promise you their families are gonna be with them. Watch, you'll remember it now. You'll see the pictures. They all do it. Republicans, Democrats. It's not just a a Biden thing.


This is a taxpayer funded big vacation so they can get pictures for the history books. They all do it. So what's the point folks? You think the secret service is Ed. Now, for the first time in modern American history in a presidential election, they have a situation where a former president is running again against a president who then said he's not gonna run. Whose vice president's gonna run? Who's then gotta pick another vice presidential nominee while the former president has a different nominee than his vice president last time. Try to follow for a second.


They have five fully staffed protection details. Trump Vance Biden, Kamala Kamala's vp, whoever it is, walls Shapiro, doesn't matter. Five people are leaving. Morale is garbage. The good agents who didn't screw this trip up are, are embarrassed and humiliated. You've got a director nobody likes who's sitting up there BSing Congress. Now you've got Joe, Biden going overseas, taking a bunch of taxpayer funded vacations over a 90 day period that are gonna suck up enormous amounts of post standers.


Those are secret service agents in the field office that fly overseas to support the mission. Let me give you a little hint. Those are post standards that can't be used for President Trump. Now what are you gonna do? Hire more people in 90 days. The hiring process is a year long. Forget about the training, which is a year long too. You are two years away at minimum from any serious help at this point. Biden going on a world tour right now. I'm I'm asking him as a courtesy. I'm listen, I'm telling you all presidents do it. Please don't do this. The Secret Service is in a perilously bad situation right now.


They don't wanna say anything publicly, but this is going to, you think the manpower is, they are at a 9,000 RPM red line with an engine ready to explode right now and they have no battle plan to fix this thing other than to kick the can down the road because it's been mismanaged for 20 years. Make changes now. There's no time left. I've been talking to a bunch of elected officials. It is time right now to get legislation for the president to sign, to pull investigations out of the Secret Service and let the agents focus only on protection and protective intelligence investigations. They don't have to leave the field office.


They don't. That's fine. There are threat cases all over the country. Can't have a guy fly to LA 'cause someone threatened the president. He'll be gone by then. Please. It is your your your seconds matter If. you pull them out of investigations, they'll have the bodies to support this mission. If. you don't. I'm gonna tell you what the whistleblower in the Countersurveillance counter sniper section, the technician said someone else gonna get killed or hurt. All right. I got a lot more to get to, you know, I'll probably take a break now. Trump yesterday, folks. You know, again, Trump. There are so many people who just cannot figure this guy out. It's stunning. They wanna pick up these soundbites and act like they're, look at this, they're damning.


It's gonna be the end of Trump. If I had a freaking cookie for every time someone told me it was the end of Donald Trump because of a soundbite after an appearance yesterday and a couple things had happened, I'd be 350 pounds a lard. Surely this time. Surely. Yes. Gee said it right. Good. Good luck. Gee said surely this time. It's definitely over. We got him now. I've heard it a thousand times. Ladies and gentlemen, you don't understand. Trump says what everybody's thinking. He doesn't do focus group tested stuff and the only people who believe it's a negative are people who've been listening to focus groups and losing for the last 20, 30 years. I'm not telling you we can't say things better.


Everybody can. I'm just telling you If, you think this is the end You don't know Trump. I promise. Quick break. I'll show you what I mean.


Hey, student loan forgiveness, handouts, free everything, right? Seems like everyone's getting a free pass except you working for a living. You've been an honest tax paying citizen for like ever. But when covid and tough times happened, you fell behind with unfiled tax returns instead of forgiveness. The IRS is hiring thousands of new enforcement agents come after you. But listen, it's risky to call the IRS yourself. You need tax network USA. Their aggressive strategies are designed to help solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which to avoid. Tax Network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of these tax solutions expire so you don't wanna wait on this Tax. Network USA is owned by fellow Patriots and they're giving you a free consultation. Call 1 802 4 5 6,000. That's 1 802 4 5 6,000 or visit tn usa.com/dan. That's TN short for tax network tn usa.com/dan. Thanks Tech. Tax. Network, USA


and finally windshield. Wow folks even been with me a while. You know I live down here in Florida. It rains a lot. Your windshield gets really dirty all the time. You can't see through it and then you get the Sunshine State glare and you can't see anything. Creates a dangerous situation but it's really hard to clean your windshields on the inside, especially with me 'cause I got bad elbows and shoulders and knees and everything else. So that's when windshield, while I sent a product over, they said, Hey, we'd be interested in sponsoring your show. I was like, lemme try this out. It works. It's an ingenious windshield cleaning device. Two magnetic cleaning paddles really strong. You just have to clean on the outside. The inside paddle just tracks with you. Gets in all those nooks and crannies. Cleans both sides. All from the outside. You just push around the paddle on the outside. The inside follows. Cleans it automatically. It's that simple. Cleanest. My windshield's been in a long time. The windshield wildly is firm cleaning pressure for you and it's super thin getting in those tight areas. I need my windshields clean. I got one for every one of my cars 'cause it's dangerous. I don only. You want your car to look better, but you don't wanna be in a dangerous situation. We are really impressed with it. Pick one up today. Go to windshield wild.com, get this ingenious cleaning device now. It really works. Windshield wild.com, windshield wild.com. Use bonino at checkout for a special discount. That's windshield wild.com. Thank you windshield. Wow. We appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show folks. You gotta understand Donald Trump, again, it's not mandatory in a constitutional republic that you like any candidate. It is your big R God-given right to speak up, to speak out, to assemble, to petition. That is your right. It's your right to vote for who you like. We have a secret ballot, okay? However, I it's also your right to be stupid If. you choose voluntarily to not understand Trump as either a swampy Republican or a Democrat. You're gonna continue to get your ass kicked by. I'm not trying to give our enemies a tactical advantage. I'm just telling you so you don't get upset that again, all the fake drama around JD Vance and Donald Trump is fake.


It's AstroTurf. It's not real. Okay? You know me, I've been honest about the election. I don't get into red wave talk. don don't think it's gonna be a landslide. I think we got a good shot, but I'm telling you what the left is telling you. No, we got Trump this time. We got Trump this time. They don't have him. Trump yesterday went and sat down with the National Association of Black Journalists in, in about a 45 minute interview that blew up the gaslighting started immediately. Here's Sophie Kai on Twitter. I guess a Trump hater. I don't really know. Trump agreed to sit for an hour long interview. His team cut it off at 34 minutes. An indication of how much of a train wreck it was for him and how good the questioning was.


Really. That's interesting because everybody at the site knew 'cause Trump tweeted out in advance or put out on true social that he didn't cut it short. He'd been waiting for over a half an hour. The equipment at the National Association of Black Journalists wasn't working properly. Don't blame me for being late. So again, what do I always tell you about the left wingers? Do you remember? How do we know a story is damaging to them and not to us? Do you guys know in the chat, always watch the left wing response when they're losing their minds over something, it means we won and they lost. So if this, what happened yesterday, and I'll get to the sound clips in a second, was such a big success for the lefties then why is Ellie Mistle the lunatic who does some M-S-N-B-C commentary, a liberal communist?


Why is he freaking out? Well, association of black journalist leadership. Here's the attention you requested. Hope it was worth debasing all of us for you to get it. Congratulations on your success. I'm going to ask you again if what the media is telling you Trump, he embarrassed himself. He's done. He's finished horrible appearance. It's so true. Then why is Ellie Mistle so upset about it? And why is Sophie Kai lying about it? Don't get suckered into these vortexes of misinformation. Follow your buddy Dan and I'll tell you when we're in trouble. What happened yesterday Puts Trump in absolutely no danger whatsoever.


This is the comment that went nuclear. Here's Donald Trump talking about Kamala Harris. I want you to remember something before I even play this folks in the chat. What are the most destructive political narratives in politics? Thank you narratives that change your preexisting notion of who a candidate is. Kamala Harris is running as this, you know, straight laced prosecutor now because she knows it's the only thing that can save her from her terrible liberal image on the border.


She's running as a straight edge prosecutor who put the bad guys in jail. You don't have, don't take my word for it. Go look at her campaign as a lot of suckers are gonna believe this. What is really destructive to that narrative? That not only is she not a straight edge, she is a liar and a fraud and she will say anything to anyone. She's not only not being straight with people, she's a flip flopper. People are getting lost in the racial component of this. Don't Trump's making a different point. The race hustlers wanna make it a racial issue? Listen to this, you'll see what I mean. I've known her a long time indirectly, not directly very much and she was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage.


I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. So don don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She is always identified as a black. She went to historically black college. but I respect, I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't because she was Indian all the way and then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person. Just to be clear sir, do you believe that she a And I? Think somebody should look into that too. When you ask a continu in a very hostile, nasty tone, You are entirely missing the point again. And If, you think I'm one of these people that reflexively defends stuff. So we lose an election and I'm gonna hide a damaging incident.


You are listening to the wrong show. I have said to you repeatedly when I think things hurt and sting a little bit, you are reading this thing all wrong again and I'm sure I'll be proven right. Trump is not making a racial point. He's using Kamala Harris's take on her own race to make a different point that again, liberals continue to miss. The same liberals who keep getting their asses kicked by Trump and wondering why you, all right Justin, you look like you have something to say for the show. We're good. Okay, Justin, look at you. He is just walking on the set here like he's got something to say for the show. He thinks it's like a handoff like like Walter paid taking a handoff for the game.


He's making the point that Kamala Harris will say anything to anyone to get a vote. Could he have said it differently? Of course. Is everything come out like Shakespearean prose? No. But the same people out there get what he's saying. No one believes Trump's a racist. No, you could keep saying it. Nobody believes it. It's not real. It's fake. He's making the point that Kamala Harris will say anything to anyone. I'm not gonna play the stuff Kamala Harris saying she's Indian or black. I don't care what she, doesn't matter to me. The point is Kamala Harris has a documented history of saying anything to anyone to get elected.


Defund the police don't defund the police. I hate fracking. We love fracking. We love union workers. Well, government jobs, not so much. They she'll say anything. That was the point. And Trump, as always is completely 100% misjudged and underestimated by his opponents. Jeremy Carl here by the way, I don't really know but he makes a great point here on on X as well. Trump goes out and talks to hostile audiences. He'll talk to anyone anywhere. He doesn't need a focus group. He doesn't need Q cards. He'll talk to anyone and people respect it. I'm not saying any politician can get away with what Trump does.


They couldn't. I'm telling you right now, don't try to replicate his strategy because it's not gonna work. But you think Kamala Harris, do you really believe this? He knows it's preposterous to even think of, but can you imagine Kamala Harris subjecting herself to an extended interview from conservative journalists in a way like that, that Trump is doing to these liberal black journalists. I'm gonna put an offer out there. Folks from the bonito army. I need a favor. Go on x tag the Kamala Harris account. Cut this clip If. you have to. I am promising her on my honor a fair interview. I will not interrupt her. I'll even give them the questions in advance.


I'll give them 10. They can pick five. How about that? If Kamala Harris is willing to come on my radio show and do a just a 18 minute interview or so, I will, I will let them pick. I'll post 10 questions. They can pick five. I guarantee you she won't do it. Trump does all time. Trump goes anywhere. Urban Radio, country Radio, national Association of Black Journalists South Bronx. Where's Kamala Harris going? She won't do it. So let me say Trump's the bad guy because he talks to people who would be his natural ideological opposition. A group of journalists, black or otherwise who don't like him and what he's the one to be Pilly 'cause he said the truth.


Kamala Harris has said multiple times different things to different people depending on where she thinks she can get power from. Of course this thing was a big W. Anyone telling you otherwise is full of shit. That's why Ellie missile's flipping out. He was Trump yesterday. Here's how the thing opens up. The lady goes after him right away. Question number one, after delaying the guy for a half an hour and then blaming him for their delays, which by the way, no one even knows if that was intentional or not yet. don don't trust journalists at all. Here's Donald Trump just absolutely wrecking these journalists. Check this out. I won the case And I got very little publicity. I didn't notice a, B, c doing any publicity on it.


George, we cover you extensively, sir. I'd love to move over onto different topic now. I didn't notice you do any publicity on it at all. I won the case. The biggest case, this was, this is an attack on a political opponent. I have another one where I have hostile judge. Sir If, you don't mind I'd love we have you for a limited time, sir. I'd love to move on to different topics. If we, you're the one that held me up for 35 minutes. Just so you understand, You went understand how this stuff, the American people generally hate journalists 'cause they're liars. Just go out and look at any public survey on what even Democrats think. There's a substantial swath of Democrats that don't like journalists. They see Trump as the hero in this.


It's amazing how many people think this was a net negative for him yesterday. They don't understand at all how he came out of this with a Triple W. Here's one more clip. And I want to get to something else and our best asset right now is Kamala, who's a total fake and a phony. He absolutely crushes this race baiting journalist trying to again falsely defame this guy as a racist. He has no evidence of that at all. Donald Trump has shown nothing but a history of being kind to people of all racial and ethnic groups. They're just making this up. No one ever said this in the past when he wasn't a Republican. They made it up and no he doesn't have to take it. This is exactly how you deal with these buffoons. Watch this.


You have used words like animal and rabid to describe black district attorneys. You've attacked black journalists calling them a loser, saying the questions that they ask are stupid and racist. You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago resort. So my question, sir, now that you are asking black supporters to vote for, you vote for, why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that? Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in in such a horrible manner, the first question, you don't even say, hello, how are you? Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network.


A terrible network. And. I. Think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit, I love the black population of this country. I've done so much for the black population of this country. That is exactly how you deal with these people, folks, the woman was not asking a question. So Donald Trump has no obligation whatsoever to answer her non-question. If she's going to make a political statement, then Donald Trump has every, every single moral and ethical right to respond with a statement of his own. That was not a question.


It had a question mark at the end, but it was, it was a declarative statement. I think you're a racist and here's why. None of that's any evidence whatsoever of him being a racist. Again, people make mistakes and do things. I'm sure he wish he could take a lot of his stuff back. There is zero evidence whatsoever. Any of those false defamatory statements she made are actually a basis for a racism charge. She's just making it up. Nobody, nobody paddles right back pickleball style than Donald Trump. And folks listen to me. Our best asset right now is Kamala. You think that comment yesterday about race and everything is gonna damage Trump.


I'm telling you, you're reading this all wrong. You can say all you want racist, right? You've said it so many times. No one's listening. That's not the point he was making. He was making the point that this woman is a total phony. She goes in front of liberal groups and she's a straight up communist. She goes in front of middle class union workers and she pretends to be a moderate Democrat. Does she not realize that X and Rumble and YouTube and truth and Facebook, these clips live on forever? She just said this stuff, Ladies and gentlemen, a few years ago, not in the halon days of 1964, here she was just a few years ago in this short clip.


'cause she's such an environmental lunatic, one of these green new deal cow farting people. Here she is implying that young people shouldn't have children. This is how crazy this woman is our best asset. Her watch, I've heard young leaders talk with me about a, a term they've coined called climate anxiety period, right? Which is fear of of, of the future and the unknown of whether it makes sense for you to even think about having children. Whether it makes You is I don, I don't. Are you justifying the end of the human race over foe climate anxiety and fake, fake apocalyptic predictions about the end of the earth that your left wing lunatic friends have told you?


You know, there's an amazing piece. I gotta pull this for tomorrow. It's in the Wall Street Journal today. I think it's by beyond Lobar. It's in their opinion section. I should have, forgive me, I should have brought it up on the show. The piece is about every single environmental prediction's been made in the last few years about the apocalypse. How 100% fake it is. Instead of Kamala Harris saying, listen, we have a responsibility, a God-given responsibility to take care of the home he gave us. And we do. Folks, I'm very concerned about things like plastics in the ocean, contaminants in our soil, very concerned. I live here, so do my kids. You challenge me on that all you want.


I'm gonna call you full of shit because you are and I'm gonna, I'll, I'll, I'll bury it right back in your face. My home matters to me too. I live here. The water quality in Florida matters to me a lot. I live near it. No one wants nasty brown water in front of their house. Republicans are environmentalists too. We're just not crazy. The human race comes first. This article in the journal's incredible. You've been told the Polar Bears are dying. There's actually a record number of Polar Bears, you've been told the two loo islands are sinking. They're getting bigger. Nothing they're telling you is true. And now she gives credence to the idea that we should wipe out the human race and not have kids because of your crazy lunatic predictions that are all fake, by the way, it's all bullshit.


Here's ap of course, covering for a bunch of communists in the Associated Press. Kamala Harris is calibrating her policy pitch for going to battle with Trump. Notice when Trump or JD Vance changes their position on some 'cause politicians do it. It's not just Democrats. People change people, mature people take in new inputs and produce new outputs. Everyone does it. Everyone does it. The difference with Kamala Harris is not that she's changed her position in contrast to say JD or Trump. The difference with Kamala Harris is she changes every position. Nothing she says is sincere.


So the AP will call a Republican a flip-flopper, but the Kamala Harris, she's just calibrating folks. The interference in this election, that line, right? You think I'm making it up. Kamala Harris calibrating her policy pitch. The election interference is in high, high speed right now. It is in six gear, in a, what is it? ZO six Corvette and good for JD Vance who's now on the ground running. I think that he got bombarded with a lot of liberal media bs It happens. He plowed through it. The Trump team is happy with him.


I'm happy with JD Vance. He was on my radio show yesterday. I wanted to play this though. First, this is the message we need. This is clear. It's the script. You've got Kamala Harris, the open border borders are on one hand now faking it as some kind of prosecutor. And you've got JD and Donald Trump with a message like this on illegal immigration. Clear to script to the point, listen To all illegal aliens. President Trump, And, I have a different message. If, you are here against the laws of this country. Pack your bags because you're going home in six months. Let Kamala Harris flip flop dive duck jump on both sides of every issue line.


Let her do that while our message is clear as day to JD Vance and Donald Trump, yes, please keep this up. Do not stop your taxes. I want 'em lower Social Security. You shouldn't pay taxes on 'em. Why should you pay taxes on Social security? You already paid taxes on social security. How do you think you got Social security? You know what? A lot of people don't like the no tax on tips anytime. There's no tax for anyone. I like it. Keep the message clear. Let these other two bounce all over the place. I had JD Vance on my radio show yesterday. I'll play the full interview on the weekend, Sunday show on Rumble channel here.


If. you wanna listen to it? It was good. Folks. I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna share something with you here. You know, I had a, a moment on the air with JD yesterday and you know, I'm an emotional guy. I don't pretend not to be. I'm kind of a big W with stuff like that. Don't let my six foot 200 pound frame fool you. I'm like a big teddy bear. I am. Don't let the foul language distract you either. I really do care about people. And I care about you. But to all the people out there struggling with substance abuse, I haven't really discussed this publicly, but I went through this for years with my mom.


I never said who. But a lot of you put two and two together and it's the most painful thing I tell everyone who's got an issue with substance abuse, whether it's alcohol or drugs or pills or whatever it is, you'll always have a home here. I know there's a good person in there. I understand that these chemicals, they do things to you, man. They, they, they, they, they poison that person. They just, they God gave you this soul and they just dissolve little pieces of it, chunks of it day by day. And there's almost nothing left, but there's always gonna be something there to pull out. but I watched J D's movie and based on his book, hillbilly Elegy about his life story.


And his mom has been sober and clean for 10 years. Mom, Bev. And thank the Lord for that. My mother died before I had that moment not long ago. And the movie was hard for me to watch. And for all of you out there, not you in my listening audience, but for you establishment, fake swampy Republicans, especially the woman out there who is behind the attacks on JD Vance, and you know who you are, by the way, And I do too. You're really horrible people. This is a guy who's been through a lot. I want you to listen to his answer. When I address this drug crisis and how much it means to him, having a mother who had a substance abuse problem most of her adult life and almost died, this is the real JD Vance.


Don't buy into the liberal bullshit. This is the real JD Vance. Listen to this answer. This isn't some focus group bullshit. Check this out. We have a fentanyl crisis at our southern border right now. Kids are being killed. They're being murdered by this poison. That's gotta feel a lot different to a guy like you that stared addiction and, and the the soul death, the slow killing of a person's soul from it. That's gotta mean something different to you. Yeah, it does. Dan, I'm I'm sorry to hear about your mom, man, I I had no idea. Thanks brother. What happened? And I'm, I'm, you know, it's just, it's terrible and it happens way too much in this country. And if I can put a, a personal, you know, spin on this, I mean, you're right that things worked out for my mom.


And you know, in some ways you have this, this almost guilty feeling over it because when it works out for your family and it doesn't work out for somebody else's, you just, you wonder, you know, why do we get lucky and why did others not? And the the thing that I try to remind myself is the fentanyl deprives people of second chances to overcome the addiction once and for all and be good moms and dads to their kids. And the way we should think about this fentanyl is it's depriving American families of second chances. When you've got fentanyl in your streets instead of some of the stuff that existed 15 years ago, sometimes those people are never gonna get a chance to get back on the horse. And we have to think about the orphan children and the grandchildren and the grandparents who are taking care of those grandchildren, whose lives have been destroyed because Kamala Harris won't do her job and keep this country safe.


And I. I just, I get so frustrated at it, man, because yeah, it did work out for my family, but it hasn't worked out for hundreds of thousands of American families over the last few years. And that's something we've gotta change Folks that sound like you got that answer from a focus group. Nah, that's a real man there. It's a man who understands what poverty's like. It's a man who understand what's what, understands what pain and suffering is like. That's a man who's looked into the eyes of people he loves and watch 'em just disintegrate and try to rescue them. And you knows that pain, not obligated to vote for anyone. You're not obligated to believe everything they believe at all.


But you're morally obligated to at least give this guy a shot and hear him out. He's a good man. We don't agree on everything. We don't. But you gimme a good guy. I agree with 80% of the time over a shithead that I can't trust a hundred percent of the time. It's powerful stuff. Alright, I wanted to play this for you too, folks. I wanna wrap up the show where I began. This Secret Service scandal is only gonna continue to metastasize. Nobody, nobody. Folks in the chat, there's anybody, anybody trust the government to manage this investigation into the murder of Corey Comparator and the shooting of three others, including Donald Trump.


Nobody trusts you. And folks, here's one of the reasons why did you see this clip by Merrick Garland? This guy, again, they, they say things on television. He's talking to Ken Delaney, which is hilarious Fusion Ken Delan, deep state fake journalist. He's talking about the dismissal of the special counsel in the Jack Smith case. 'cause Jack Smith was appointed unconstitutionally. Jack Smith was not Senate confirmed. Period. That is it. It's unconstitutional. No sane person under you know, fails to understand this except for Merrick Garland who gives an interview and just lies the entire time. I'm gonna debunk all of this on what happened. Check this out, Judge Eileen Cannon ruled that the way the Justice Department has been picking special counsels for decades is illegal, unconstitutional.


Why do you disagree with that? Look, I, as you well know, I picked this room for this interview. This is my favorite room in the Justice Department. It's a law library. For more than 20 years, I was a federal judge. Do I look like somebody who would make that basic mistake about the law? I don don't think so. Our position is that it's constitutional and valid. That's why we appealed. I will say that this is the same process of appointing special counsel as was followed in the previous administration and the Special Counsel Durham and special Mul Council Mueller in multiple special counsels over the decades going back to Watergate.


And the special prosecutor in that case, Folks, he's lying. He said, there's the muskrat. Thank you guys. He is lying. And the worst part about it, he goes, do you think big muskrat every time he lies, we should expand the muskrat. Even worse, he's a liar. He thinks you can't just go and look this up. And then he goes, what do you think I'm stupid? I am in a law library. You are stupid. Bob Mueller was Senate confirmed as the FBI director John Durham was senate confirmed as an A USA assisting, excuse me, assisting United a United States attorney, A USA.


Jack Smith wasn't. He just thinks you're dumb. Go look it up. What I just told you. Then he brings up the whole Watergate thing. That was the independent counsel statue, not special counsel. Notice how he expects you to mix it up. The guy is a liar. You think if they uncover a big pernicious, despicable scandal at the Secret Service and FBI with this, that they're gonna release it to the public, get the hell outta here, they're gonna bury this thing Congress, stay on top of it. This guy is totally full of crap. Nobody trusts these people. Look at the chat. Nobody trusts you. You burned it. Right folks, thanks again for tuning in. I hope you're checking out Avitas new show.


It's at Rumble dot com slash bonino report. Go subscribe. We got over close to 600,000 subscribers there. Also, give us a follow on this channel Rumble dot com slash bonino. That is this show right here. Give us a follow, download the Rumble app for both of these fantastic shows. Aida's been knocking it outta the park with early edition and please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. We've been setting the charts on fire over there. We really appreciate it. See you here on the radio show on Rumble in just a few minutes and back here, live at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.