
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan. Bonino. Alright, The weekend update is back and I got such a monster show today. My crew is like, really? Really? You really think you're gonna get to all this? The answer is probably not, but we will get to it at some point in the week. If we don't, maybe at the end of the year we'll do a land of misfit toys. Stories we should have gotten to, but never ever did. Jim does that sometimes for us in the radio show The weekend. And I got a good one for you this weekend too, tore it up. But there's a secret service story out there. Another scandal. You probably heard about it. This one I gotta ask you. Apply the Bongino rule.


I, I think I've got an explanation for this one. It's not necessarily a good one for them, but I think I can tell you maybe what happened. But until we form a final opinion, just give it to Bino. Rule 24 72 hours, chill a little bit on that one. And then I've got some inside baseball for you about what's going on at the Kamala things. Ladies and gentlemen, when you see this one sign, when you see this sign from my experience doing hundreds if not thousands of political rallies, you're in trouble.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week, so get it now. They're offering their largest discounted shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


All right, listen, I gotta send a special shout out to a friend of mine, country singer Nate Smith. I'll get to that in a second. This guy is really, really great and amazing guy.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, this company's like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause we're on the front lines fighting for our rights. The sanctity of life are military and first responder heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes today. Put America first by switching to Patriot Mobile today. You get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't get fooled by other providers pretending to share your values. Have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Make the switch to America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right fellas, let's get this show set. I have not done a weekend up update in a while. Why have I not? Because folks, there's a serious show. Even though we use a lot of humor and sarcasm and stuff, it's gonna be entertaining. I don't like to waste your time on a Monday with bullshit when there's really, really crazy intense stuff happening. But this is a family. I love you guys, don. Don't talk about my personal life a lot, but I feel an obligation to let you know who I really am. So you're never disappointed. No, I'm serious. I think the tendency, I'm really serious. I think his tendency in the space before is paint yourself as kind of like above the audience and some general in the army. That's not me, brothers and sisters, okay, I'm no one's moral compass.


Don't look to me for like values and all that other stuff. Don't you wanna look to me for political tactics on how to win and kick ass and then cutesy time? Cool. But I'm just a, a bro like you who loves all the things you love like partying and everything else. And I'm definitely not your spiritual advisor at all. I really, I'm serious man. I feel like we all need to know this with each other so you don't have unrealistic expectations of who I am. I had a really good time this weekend. First, I wanna send a special shout out country singer Nate Smith, who by the way, number one on the charts right now with Bulletproof Ladies and gentlemen, I'd sing it for you, but my voice is really bad today. Scratchy. Well, my voice is bad all the time, but today it's unusually bad because it's really scratchy from yelling all weekend.


Get to that in a second. But here's a picture. This guy, man, that's a country singer. Who's that lovely lady? That's my sister-in-Law. It's Paula's sister, Natalie. She went to the concert and Nate's the nicest guy, man. Afterwards, she, she was with her crew and this work crew. He's like, tell him bring him backstage, man, hang out. I was like, dude, you are the nicest guy. Do me a favor. Bonino Army represent this guy Nate Smith. He's the real deal. Go download Bulletproof the song. You're gonna love it. Un the un. Unfortunately, I had to practice that this weekend. The song's like I I, I tried Jack, I I tried Jim, all those heartbreak bottles on the shelf. I think I tried all of 'em this weekend too. It was Paula's birthday weekend. I said, I thought it started a birthday.


It was last week. It was. But we did a little celebrating this weekend. We went to the coolest place in South Florida. If you've never been to Cafe Martoranos, by the way, it's an institution down there in Fort Lauderdale. Martoranos, it's Mart Marto with an O-M-A-R-T-O-R-A-N-O-S. Cafe Martoranos. The guy who owns it, Stevie Marano. Zy Cz is the greatest guy. He gave me his hat. The yo cz hat. Yo c Zy C, which reminds me of my New York days. And it says on the back, who doesn't wanna be Italian? 'cause So I was partying this weekend with Stevie Marano and Mar Dude, you go to this restaurant, the food is amazing and Stevie DJs, he's been doing it for decades.


He DJs while he is cooking. No, like in the kitchen you can see him and he was tearing it up. I was there partying, rocking, singing so much. So some cat took a picture on Martorano's website. Yo, because, and you see that guy in the blue T-shirt 'cause don don't wear anything but T-shirts in the background with the hat on. That's me. That's me. Yes. He's blurry with the hat on. It was the black hat. He gave me two. This is the white yo cousin, but that is me and Paula partying hard with our friends and man, we had a good time. My liver's still recovering. So again, I just gotta be straight with you. I love, I have a good time man. I don't mess with people. I don't break any laws. I never disrespect people. I, I don't do anything during the week.


Monday through Friday, man, I get up at six in the morning, cold pun, shower, workout, work, work, work, work, work. But man, I have a good time. And this weekend we had a good one. Cafe Marinos, it's hard to get in. Make your reservation early. Thank me later. Send me pictures. You're gonna love it. Listen, I told you we are the misfits now. Right? There's a reason I tied the weekend update back into this and put this story first. We're the misfits. Now you understand that right? We're the renegades. My original show was called the Renegade Republican. I don't if you know that it's for a reason. I sensed this cultural shift where the left, it used to be like this rage against a machine. you know, Bob Dylan, you know, fight against the dying of the light.


People are all other stuff, right? I sensed this change coming after the hippies. That man, we are the real renegades now fighting for the government. Get the hell out of our life for this like libertarian streak in us. Like leave us the F alone. you know, man, let us do our thing. And I noticed that the left were becoming this machine they used to rage against. And now even the New York Times starting to notice that ow we're the cool kids. Now they all wanna be like us, but they can't. They're the where we win crowd. We, oh, you know what? We gotta pull that video. Can you pull that for me now? Sorry to mess up the whole show here. This is the left compared, I should just put this in the beginning. Show here is the left compared to they wanna be us now, but they're freaking lame.


I'm sorry. No offense to Karens, my name's Dan. People hate that name too. But this is, the left is full of nothing but the crazy Karens. This is the queen of the Karens. This was at a Kamala Harris rally. This is who they are now. This is the former rage against the machine crowd. They're now, they're now not only the machin, there's people watch this. We're gonna win. We're gonna win. Exactly. I mean, not to be, you know, cocky, but I'm, I'm, I'm optimistic. I've always been a, a reporter of of you know, she's a woman and she's black and she'll be the first president candidate that I think you'll win. And I, and like I said, I'm, you know, I'm all about people assets and equal women health choice Folks, brothers and sisters.


I'm not messing with you man. You are the misfits now you understand that you are the renegades. There's no victory lap to be taken here. It's just true. You are the outcasts they wanna be, you know, that's the left. Now that's the queen. I'm anointing her. Queen of the Karens Ladies and gentlemen, go find her and say thank you. Here's your medal. Queen of the Karens be nice to her. Again, we don't wanna be rude or obnoxious or anything like that's little lefties. Let them have a monopoly on their own. Crazy violence. We don't do that. We don't need to be. They wanna be us. We don't wanna be them. New York Times Kid Rock threw the party Ma of Faithful brought the joy rage and the smeared off ice folks.


This is the New York Times Kid Rock who is another like, genuinely good dude, but his name is Bobby. He is a really, really good dude. Throw that article up. They're now jealous. 'cause Kid Rock is going into all of these places. America forgot real America. The country, real America, the America that works for a living. It gets stirred under their fingernails. And look at this everywhere he goes, tens of thousands of people show up for his rock. The country concert, this is the New York Times, what remained was a snapshot of a maturing American subculture. you know what that means? We're jealous of you guys. We're a bunch of losers with unwritten conventions. Rivaling those of deadhead or swift don't compares to Swifty.


That's, that's dead. That's death's a death sentence and a dizzying mashup of hedonism piety, angry rebellion and a beer guzzling pursuit of happiness. Yes, yes, we have made it. We have conquered the culture. And now the crazy queen of the Karens, they all want to be us, but they can't. They can't. You're not allowed in. We let the, we love that Libertarians come on in even. And Democrats who are angry at big government, come on in. We don't want you crazy people though. You stay over there on the crazy side, you're not allowed in this club's only for the cool kids and the renegades and the outcasts and the misfits, Ladies and gentlemen, that's you now.


But that's why I had to tell you about my weekend too. They all wanna be us man. We're all having a good time. We're enjoying life man. These liberals are always angry at everything all the time. Always angry and pissed off. We're a bunch of beer guzzlers pursuing happiness. Even the New York Times had a note that, gosh, that had a hurt. Alright, let me get a lot of serious news. We gotta talk about it, right? So there's another secret service scandal this weekend. The, any of you here hat tip to my good friend Tik over at Lib at TikTok and Jordan Shael and others, they tagged me in this. They wanted my commentary on it. If, you haven't seen it.


Let me just tee this video up for you. I'll voice over it. Okay? Air is a female secret service agent. It's a Kamala Harris rally somewhere close by. She appears on this video to be taping over a security camera. And then there's an allegation by the owner that the Secret Service broke into her place or picked the lock or something like that and used their bathroom. And that basically left this thing dirty and stuff. So here's the agent. This is from a Business Insider video. Looking at the security camera. You'll see it's a salon. You see it's a salon front porch. If those of you listening on Apple, she's looking up, she doesn't know what to do, she goes away, she sees this security camera, she comes back, you'll see in a few minutes.


And she places some, basically some just what appears to be some kind of duct tape over the camera to block this camera out. And again, the bathroom thing turned into a big deal. The salon owner says they weren't authorized to go in there. There she's saying they came in and picked the lock and did all this. Now there's a couple points I wanna make here. Okay, if this is true, if all of and and this I'm applying to Bongino roof, I have no reason to believe by the way this salon. There you go. You see the camera's blacked out 'cause now the security tape goes over. You hear some of that sound in the background. That's obviously from the camera. If this is true, if the allegations turn out to be correct, Ladies and gentlemen, the Secret Service or the any police department, whatever, without some kind of a warrant, has no authority whatsoever to break into your place.


There's a name for that. Any of you guys know what it is? It's called burglary. There's a they. These guys may crew, they think this is like a trick question that's got a name that's called burglary. There is no exemption to burglary without warrants and other things where you can actively force your way in. If this is true, the Secret Service and whoever did that, 'cause there's very, there's no doubt it happened. Okay? The only question is who did it? Because the Secret Service has already made some sort of apology for it. So no one's disputing the story that the Lady's Salon was in fact used and broken into.


It's only the who did it portion. The safety camera thing. Let me get to this first 'cause I feel like I owe you a little bit of inside expertise on this and I'm never gonna bolster you. you know, I have been very, very, very, very, very harsh on the secret service. The active director is a total nightmare. The acting director right now needs to resign immediately. The agency is broken, it needs entirely new leadership. The eighth floor needs to be cleaned out. No question about it. I will say this though, taping security cameras over. Wait with a big per with a big asterisk first. So taping over security cameras is pretty common. However, here's the asterisk. We ask permission first.


This isn't hard. Now why do you tape over security cameras? I've already discussed this before. We usually do it obviously with permission because you don't want people knowing the movements of your protectee. So if we're walking in a hotel, whether it's with Trump or Bush or Obama or Biden or anyone else for that matter, Harris, you don't want people to know. We'll usually staff a secret service agent in that hotel security room. There's always a security room with a bunch of cameras. But we typically tape over the cameras in the areas they're gonna be because of a couple things. You wanna just hear the truth. I'm gonna tell you, we don't want people knowing where she is unless we're, unless it's us. you get what I'm saying. And also, you know, folks protect these do weird things.


I mean this is the part I shouldn't tell you, but I'll tell you anyway. They pick their nose and stuff like weirdos stuff, you know, you don't want 'em on camera and someone's taping it but so that's typically, but they do it with permission. What the hell this lady was doing And she's saying that they didn't get permission to do and did it anyway. It is just freaking weird. But that's not the worst part of the video. There's an allegation here again at, I have no reason to disbelieve that they broke into the salon. Now the Secret Service is kind of hedging on the story. They're kind of hinting it wasn't them don don't know hinting. It may be the local police or whatever. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Again, for the thousandth time to the Secret Service If, you guys are going to be responsible for security then you guys are responsible for security.


If it's your post standers, if it's your HSI guys, if it's police officers doing it, it's your responsibility. If this happened, you were responsible. The only thing I can think of is when I first got into Secret Service, this guy told this story in the training center about, Hey man, we gotta do what we gotta do for protection. I'll never forget a lot of students thought like we could like break into places if it was like a protection thing they did. I had to like explain to 'em later what a bunch of other guys, it's not really the case at all. I'm guessing that may have happened in this case. Oh yeah, we're just gonna use it. It's in a federally protected area. That's not the way any of this works. I'm just asking you to apply to Bonino rule 'cause we don't know who did it, but it doesn't really matter.


It's the secret services responsibility no matter what. The camera thing again is pretty common, but not without permission. Alright, moving on. There you go. That's the inside story on what happens with these things. What did I tell you at the beginning of the show? When you see black curtains, Ladies and gentlemen, that is big time trouble for a campaign. Black curtains, it's over. It is not a good sign. I'm gonna show you what I mean in a second quick backstory to this UP ones. You remember this story. This may be like the P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P ones like the PPP tape one. This is like P ones or P ones.


I've told this story many times. I'm doing a site once for Obama. I'm the lead advance, right? Obama's going up to New Jersey when the New Jersey devil's hockey team plays. I think it was the Prudential Center, I could be wrong but whatever. He's doing a rally, this is years ago for John Kine. Kine is running at Corzine's, a democrat governor. He's running against this guy. You may have heard from he's too many Twinkies. Chris Christie. Christie's not the governor yet, okay? He's running against Chris Christie. It's an off cycle election. The Obama people tell me I'm the lead. I go how many people we need to expect for the magnetometers, the metal detectors. So I gotta know so I can get the appropriate amount of magnetometers, right? They're like 22,000 people.


I'm like bullshit. There ain't no way they're getting no 20 2K. So I start talking to some locals, probably shouldn't tell you this border. I'm like, they're gonna get 22,000 people 'cause I ain't gonna order all these mags and no one's gonna use them guys. They think, you know, 22,000 people, they'll get, they're lucky if they get 10. So I went around their back and ordered a few less magnet times because I knew they weren't gonna need it, right? Sure enough that their game day comes, they don't get 10, they they got eight, they got basically like a third, you know, a third of the people they thought they were gonna get. And when they can't get enough people in a big arena, which happens a lot. And by the way, who won that election? Twinkies. Chris Christie won. I knew it was over, knew it was over, I knew it.


I knew it was over because once you see these, these black curtains, oh that's bad news. Now I'm not, I don't wanna hear any red wave talk. I says nothing's over these. That's a 50 50 election. I'm just saying I gotta give you both sides of it. Don't, don't get into, leave that picture up for a second. Don't get into the red wave talk or the landslide talk because it's bullshit and stop it. However, don't get into the bullshit AstroTurf stuff either with the Kamala Harris campaign. Like, oh my gosh, we're killing you guys. Big huge crowds everywhere. And I'm not telling you Trump hasn't had these two at times there are times that black curtains come out, but then here's the difference Trump has done.


don don't know how many a thousand rallies over the last eight years. Maybe more. Not everyone's gonna be a ringer. She just started. You already got the black curtains out. She just started. So everyone needs to chill with the Kamala Harris. Oh my gosh, the Kamala Revolution is here. Every single campaign she's ever started, started this way and it always dies hard. She needs someone to come in and save her. She's a mess. Alright, quick break and I want to give you some more inside baseball. Do you hear about this medical emergency story? Hey listen man, Laura Luma broke this thing first.


Whether you like her or not, she broke this story first and everybody didn't even fun of her. Someone you go, everyone who made fun of her should go back and apologize. She was absolutely right. You hear about this medical emergency story now it explains everything about the coup. 'cause there was a coup to get by now and in a really stunning video, he admitted it this weekend. Don't go anywhere man. We got almost 150,000 people already. The Bino Army ing strong. I need you to go download Bulletproof today too. Show 'em how powerful we are. We need good people and patriots out there man. Gotta take care of our peeps man. I love you guys so much. It's little army we're building.


You guys are special to me. So I feel like I need to be honest with you so you know who I am and I know who you are. I read your emails and everything, guys are great.


Hey American financing, the ability to provide for you and your family has changed quite a bit in the last couple years. That's for sure. When you go shopping, you're getting less, but you're spending the same. You have to decide what to buy and what to do without. And when you get to the checkout, you swip in that credit card. You see how much credit card that we're piling up here putting you in that never ending cycle of credit card interest accruing every month. There's gotta be a better way. Well there is a better way. It's with American financing. American financing. If you're a homeowner, they'll take all that equity you have built up and they'll use it to pay off that high interest debt. They're saving their customers an average of $854 a month and they're closing sum as fast as 10 days start today. You may be able to delay two mortgage payments. That's huge. Call American Financing today. Here's the number. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Again, that's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 If. you wanna visit them online? That's cool too. But it's a.net address, American financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Thanks American Finance. So we appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show. I got you some more inside baseball told you about the black curtains. Not telling you Republicans don't have 'em to Trump Bush hadem all I'm just telling you, our campaign just started. If the black curtains are out already, I'm sorry Ladies and gentlemen, but you're in trouble. I don't believe this AstroTurf thing for a second. If there was ever a psyop, Kamala Harris is the psyop. This woman has run garbage campaigns every single time. She had to be rescued in California. She never got outta Iowa. She's a terrible candidate. Terrible and totally unrelatable. But now we know why she's in there and not Joe Biden the folks.


There's a huge coverup going on. Jennifer Van Lar has done some great work on this story too. I told you about Luer, but Van Lar Hass been all over this as well. Las Vegas police recordings released from the Biden medical event and code three transport to the airport in Red State. This is that story I told you Luer broke a while and everybody made fun of her. Yeah, crazy. Biden had some medical event in in Nevada. Oh really? You thought she was nuts? Well they finally got their hands on these audio tapes. I want you to listen to this folks and keep in mind this, this 4 21 code and stuff they're talking about, talking about a medical event. POTUS is obviously short for president of the United States. You're gonna hear that POTUS 4 21.


You think the Las Vegas Police Department. LVPD, you think the Las Vegas sheriffs and the department around there in that area and the Nevada Sheriffs people, you think they were just making this up on the radio to be funny guys. There clearly was a medical event being hidden from everyone in America. You see how the press and everyone jumped down everyone's throat when people started reporting on this? This is why I wait, I always wait now we got confirmation. What's the press gonna say about this? Listen to this audio. The police department and it's absolutely clear from a guy with 12 years of experience doing secret service Motorcades, what's happening here is the transportation advance agent for the Secret Service.


The guy responsible for the motorcade route is trying to take his assets from what we call the primary route. The route we were gonna to use to get from Air Force one to the site, to the hospital route. That's not the same thing. One's the hospital, one's the event. He's trying to get all the assets to the hospital route. And this is LL la, excuse me, Las Vegas pd. Trying to move em over. Listen to this. 3 0 2 6 8 5. Are you available for a phone call? I'm calling you now. 3 0 2, what's your extension? Oh two. I just logged on standby. Getting on the radio. I mean on the phone now it's gonna be seventy one oh four sir. 5 1 0 4.


71 0 4. 3 0 2 MC 36. I'm at Maryland and di confirming we're still holding these intersections. Alright, so right now we, they're on a hold for something with with the P. So If, you can go ahead and let some of that north and south flow, but not east and west, just north and south. Please copy control 3 0 2. 3 0 2. Go ahead sir. Okay, for everybody on the radio right now, code is 4 21. He's being seen. So we're just kind of waiting to see how this is shaping out. So for everybody's knowledge, he's 4 21 right now. We're just trying to figure out what's going on and we're gonna go from there. Did you hear the end of that again? Everybody laughed when this story came out.


Oh, you idiots. Conspiracy theorists. How many freaking conspiracy theories are gonna turn out to be true? POTUS is 4 21. President of the United States is having seen some, having some kind of medical on the plane folks. I don't know what that is. I'm not the freaking president's doctor. Okay, I'm glad he is. Okay. I don't wish Ill will on anyone, but don't tell us this is all bullshit. Was it some kind of cerebral event? A-T-I-A-A heart event, some respiratory incident? I don't know. I'm not his doctor. But folks, the president is not your dentist, okay?


He's not your accountant. He is the commander in chief of the world's most powerful military. It is kind of a good idea to open with the citizens he works for about the man's health condition when he's in his eighties. If he had an incident, what is it? Is he okay? Was it, was it serious? Was it not a 4 21? Maybe he had a paper cut. don don't know. But folks, let me tell you something. There's no better person to listen to than me on this. I did this, I was the whip and ts, I ran that unit transportation section. I was there twice, did Motorcades my entire career.


I'm telling you what you're listening to because I've been on the other end of that as an agent. When we had a switch stuff, let's just say because of things that happened, that is a secret service agent telling his counterpart from Metro and the police departments and the sheriff's offices. He's trying to get assets from one route over the other to secure intersections of motor case. I am 100% certain that's what that is. They were moving assets from primary to the hospital route. And the guy was saying, standby until we hear about what's happening with this medical on the plane.


These people should be ashamed of themselves in the media. These Pravda scumbags, this is a, this is public business. The health of an 80-year-old president, clearly in poor shape. Is he okay? Is anyone gonna ask? Is anyone folks go tag these pre press pool reporters today. Is anybody in the press pool gonna ask about this audio today? President? Okay, is that a serious thing? Is he all right Now? You know, for those of you like, oh, we gotta move on Kamala Harrison. No, no, we don't have to move on. The guy's the president now.


He's the president right now. I wish he weren't, but he is now. Does this make sense? By the way, you understand, they all knew this. They hid this from you. The media, the swamp, the Democrats on Capitol Hill. They all knew the guy was sick and had a medical and nobody's telling you anything. Does this story make sense? Now listen to this. This is shocking. Video may not seem as much, but it is. That came out this weekend where Biden basically admits he didn't wanna leave, he was pushed out. Now does it make sense Why? Listen to this. Look, the polls we had showed that it was neck and neck race would've been down to the wire.


But what happened was a number of my democratic colleagues in the House and Senate thought that I was gonna hurt them in the races. And I was concerned if I stayed in the race. That would be the topic you be interviewing me about. Why did Nancy Pelosi say, why did someone and and I thought it'd be a real distraction. Now, does it make sense, folks? Now does it make sense why Biden so abruptly left the race in the middle of a weekend? What is it like a month ago now I'm losing track of time. I feel like we're living in dog years. The news cycle's been so bananas.


I haven't done any weekend updates. It's not even calm now. It's just calmer. But it's still crazy. He was calm, like in a calm time. It's so crazy. Now here's like the new measure of calm, which was crazy just a year ago. They pushed him out. don don't know about you again, I'm not his doctor. I don't know what he had, but it's clear something serious happened. So much so that some secret service agent was making a call that they might have to get this guy to the hospital, which I'm telling you is a big deal. Why a little inside baseball? Again, there is a pretty well stocked medical suite on Air Force one.


And he's got a cadre of doctors around him. If those doctors are saying, we can't handle this here, we might have to take him to the hospital, telling the agent, get the motorcade lined up. Something happened and they know about it. And the Bongino army is gonna get to the bottom of it because we're gonna ask questions. How bad is he's still the president? And you know what? It does matter for the current race because why is Kamala Harris not asking questions about this? She says she's the closest one to him. Is she hiding from the American public that the president's really sick or was kind of speaks to who she is? Doesn't it? It's a serious issue. I'm not letting it go because you tell me to.


You don't tell me shit on the left. I do what I want. Thank God some people are starting to point this out. Kamala Harris a ghost right now. She's a ghost. She's trying to ride this wave of fake enthusiasm. The black curtains are out already and she's letting the media do the tough work. Stay tuned. I'll show you what I mean. Receipts in coming in a minute.


Hey Birch Gold. Hey, before birch, I didn't really endorse any gold companies. I didn't think there was a need to own gold. So I wouldn't recommend it to my listeners. It's just the facts. But now with only insanity going on, folks, I'm glad I did. I did really well on my birch gold purchases. you know the endless printing of money, skyrocketing national debt, global chaos, and yes, in election in November with big ramifications. So I buy gold and I've been buying gold from birch gold for some time now. It gives me the peace of mind knowing if the bottom falls out of our economy have something of value to anchor me and my family. If, you want that same peace of mind. You can protect your savings by diversifying into physical gold. The coins are the bars from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H, and they'll ship it fully insured directly to your home. You already have home and auto insurance. Consider adding financial insurance with an investment in gold. To get started, just text Dan to 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on how it works. Moving some of your savings to gold is one thing you can do to help provide real financial security for your family. In case you ever need it, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


And our last sponsor today, MyPillow, listen. You asked MyPillow, listen. They're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now for only 1998. MyPillow is made with patented, adjustable fill and adjust to your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned and holds its shape all night long so you can get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets the only towel I use, by the way, for $25. The brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98 and get their famous MyPillow Bedsheet super comfortable for as low as $25 and so much more. Go today. Support my support the company, support the parallel economy. Go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan and get these big discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size. My pillow that I sleep on only 1998. It's the lowest price ever. So don't delay order today. Thanks MyPillow. We appreciate it folks.


Howie Kers over at Fox pointed this out this weekend. Kamala Harris is in hiding right now. She is so desperate to stay out of the media spotlight for all of her crazy communist stuff. She is a communist. I got into this this weekend with some loser on Twitter. She's like, there's no evidence. Kamala wants the government take over the economy. Did you read her Medicare for all? A proposal that is a government takeover of the economy designed to crowd out private insurance and get your private insurance canceled. What do you think she the government takeover of the energy economy, the regulatory thing. Are you stupid? She's a communist. That's why she's staying outta the spotlight. And she doesn't wanna answer questions about Joe Biden's deteriorating health.


'cause she looks like she's part of a massive coverup, which she is. Play this cut. Here's how he occurs on Fox this weekend. Like, hey man, JD Vance is everywhere kicking people's asses all weekend politically speaking on the Sunday shows. He looked like a rockstar this weekend. Where's Kamala Harris? Trump's out doing rallies. She's hiding talking off a teleprompter with black curtains. Check this out. Will He now be ordered to avoid the press like Kamala Harris? Because today, for example, JD Vance on three different Sunday shows and Governor Wallace hasn't taken a single question from the press Tampon. Tim, stolen valor. Tim, nowhere to be found. He's probably still out there telling people he's a command sergeant. Major saw combat.


Kamala Harris don't wanna tell you anything 'cause he's a freaking communist and doesn't want you to know yet. Here's JD Vance. I told you guys, I don't pick him wrong. Okay? I'm sorry. I don't mean to sound like a cocky asshole, don. Don't pick him wrong. I'm not crazy. I've known JD Vance for a long time. JD Vance is the real deal. I'm gonna say again 'cause this is important. I don't agree with JD on everything. I don't agree with Donald Trump on everything. I'm not a robot, neither are you. I don't pick candidates on 100% unanimity because the only one I'm gonna have that with is me. That's it. He is the real deal. He handles the press, he understands the economy.


This guy gets it. Here he is. Theas week this weekend while Tim Walls stolen valor tampon Tim, nowhere to be found. Kamala LAIs hiding. Here he is, schooling down a bash for being a total hack from CNN saying, Hey listen, you're sitting here asking me about a comment I made three years ago, over and over. Where the hell is Kamala Harris? Nowhere good for jd. I told you you were gonna like this guy. Check this out much because It was literally a novel virus. Sure, but Danny, you asked me about you. You okay? You've now asked me three questions about comments that I made three years ago. I wonder what Kamala Harris thinks about the fact that she supported policies that opened the American southern border. I wonder what Kamala Harris thinks about the fact that she lied to the American people.


I'm interviewing you, not Kamala Harris about Joe Biden's mental middle facility for the office. You are interviewing me, Dana, because I respect the American people enough to sit down for an interview. I appreciate that Kamala Harris has been the nominee for three weeks. She hasn't sat down for a real interview, believe me. We are asking, you're not gonna get a disagreement there, but, but the point is, Dana, you've got me for 15 minutes or however long you have me. We should be talking about public policies that matter. Folks. This guy is not afraid of these idiots. you know why? They are his mental inferiors. He understands that he has nothing to lose by speaking to the media. 'cause he doesn't have anything to hide with them. Warts and all. He's happy to defend these things always.


Where are the other two? Nowhere to be found. Why aren't the media today asking Kamala Harris, did Joe Biden have a medical in Nevada? 'cause you're the vice president and if he had a medical incident in Nevada, right, in Las Vegas, you understand that if he was incapacitated, you would be elevated to be the acting president while he's outta commission, right? Were you not aware of that? Is anyone in the media interested? Hello? McFly? Anyone? Anyone? This is another reason they're afraid of putting Kamala in front of the media. She has run garbage campaigns every time.


She is an awful candidate. No red wave talk ever. We're 50 50 at best. However, I can't believe how many people are getting psyop into believing this woman's like the next Obama. She's not even the next, like she. She's this. She's not even the next Beto. I think Beto lasted longer than her in the presidential race. She's terrible. Here's Kamala Harris. A reminder, this is why they can't put her in front of the media. The Trump team put this out hat tip to them. Here are her unscripted moments when she's talking to the media. This is what I'm folks, I am not kidding.


I know I'm not fully objective. Okay? I'm a conservative. I support Trump. I get it. But I'm telling you, someone who ran for office and I lost the race, okay? I lost a couple races here. I know what it's like and I know the mistakes I made. This is genuinely awful. This is not a woman who can handle scrutiny even a little bit. Check this out. We've been to the border. You haven't been to the border. I and I haven't been to Europe. And I mean don don't, I don't understand the point that you're making. Talking about the significance of the passage of time, right? The significance of the passage of time. So when you think about it, there is great significance to the passage of time.


Ukraine is a country in Europe. It exists next to another country called Russia. Russia is a bigger country. Russia is a powerful country. Russia decided to invade a smaller country called Ukraine. So basically that's wrong. So you're now, no longer are you necessarily keeping those private files in some file cabinet that's locked in the basement of the house. It's on your laptop and it's then therefore up here in this cloud that exists above us, right? The Caribbean nations. Island nations in the western hemisphere.


That is where the Caribbean is. We are also in the western hemisphere. They are our neighbors. I am here standing here on the northern flank, on the eastern flank talking about what we have in terms of the eastern flank. I can imagine what can be and be unburdened by what has been, you know, This is so, my God, I can't even tell you the conversation we're having while this play. She's so cringe. Folks. Do not get baited. I'm telling you, this is the biggest psyop in American political history. The Kamala Kamala phenomena. Kamala Nomina. It is a big, huge media psyop.


They know this woman, this woman is terrible. They wrote articles about how terrible she was when they thought she was an obstacle to Democrat power. The same people. I wanna show you how worried they are. By the way, someone sent me a message. I'm gonna leave out who, because they, they didn't gimme permission to say not, but you get the point. They said they're in, they're, they're in around the Nevada Las Vegas area and some Democrat knocked on their door this weekend and told them that their plan is 10, 10 and 10. He's like, Dan, they stole that from you. This is how worried they are. You follow the Dan, Bonino 10, 10 and 10 plan and we'll win. You don't, we're gonna lose. Bring 10 people to vote with you.


10. You have now till November email 10 people. I do it all the time. My friends who've received emails know, Hey, you voting, I mean Bri, you don't have to have physically driving there. They have. I'm just saying, remind 10 people to vote. I do it all the time. I don't speak with fork tongue. Send 10 emails to 10 friends. Make 10 phone calls, or send 10 social media posts about how people can vote. Preferably all three. Go to your, your fake book. Go to Snapchat, TikTok Rumble. True social X. Say, Hey friends, if you're in the area, I'm in Martin County, Florida. Here's the website. Go check if you're registered. Check everything's good to go.


Look at your early voting locations. This isn't hard. I me sound like a jerk, but you wanna win. This is how we win. That was the greatest email I ever got. The Democrats are now stealing our plan. 10, 10 and 10. You have to bring 10 people with you. Whenever I see you in public, I see people now they go like this to me. It's not the leave me alone pe it's 10. They do it at rallies. They do it at book signings. Whenever I see they go, I'm like 10. No let you can bring more, preferably bring a hundred. But I wanna give you a realistic goal. You have what, 86 days or something? 86 days.


There's more than enough time. Get it done. Execute. Don't buy into the SO folks. They did this to us in 2016 and 2020. They are trying to get you to stay home. Kamala, the phenomenon Kamala's back, Kamala, Hopi, changey. It's bull. It's do need. I remind you about, this is my favorite article in the history of the internet. Ever share this with all your friends? They did this same thing in 2016. Hillary hope he changing phenomenon. Look, first woman president, this is the next president, whatever. Here's the article right before the election. Notice the date.


It's two weeks before the election. October 24th, 2016. There's a real article. Go look it up. Washington Post, Chris Aliza and Aaron Blake. Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. They're doing the same thing. They're doing the same thing. They are deathly afraid of Donald Trump and this is why they're afraid. Okay, I got 160. Good 'cause this is my biggest crowd today yet, which happens. People join us, listen to me. Is everybody ready? Put down what you're doing here.


You got a pen? Put it down please. Okay, I got goosebumps. Really, it's how important it's, you understand this. The Donald Trump 2016 and 2020 coalition. It is not the same stop anyone saying, here's what happened in 2020. Here's what happened in 2016. Throw it out. There was something that happened after the police state persecution, and I use that word intentionally of Donald Trump. A lot of aggrieved people. It's got nothing to do with skin color at all. By the way, stop with that. It's not it.


People who feel effed by the system hollowed out American manufacturing towns feel like the system screwed them over. Minorities who feel like they've been hustled by losers in the government, screwing them over working class Americans who feel like they can't go to the grocery store and pick up food no more. They, the, the martyrdom of Donald Trump. It switched something in the American, the collective American psyche and people who had never considered a Republican. 'cause they heard, they were like these rich bow tie wearing people, which is not nothing at all.


But the media told him that now started to say like, well, if the Republicans are these powerful bow tie wearing people running the government and destroying the little guy, well, how come the Democrats are putting him in jail? Then the Democrats are totally obtuse to this right now. Now you are going to see a massive shift here. Younger voters, black voters, Hispanic voters, working class voters, union workers. It's not a skin color thing who feel effed by the system. They are gonna create a completely different coalition. It is not the same. And the Democrats are really scared. It's why they're doing this.


Kamala is brat nonsense. They're trying to make the most uncool candidate in American history. Cool Again. And they can't. I want you to watch this great segment. Sure about a minute bit. I cut a minute, minute. It's a newsmax segment. They went out and did a man on the street and they went specifically into minority communities. It's segments like this that I'm gonna play another one tomorrow, by the way, that scare the hell out of the Democrats. 'cause they don't know how to counter it. Counter it. Even the media now, no one's listening. They can't make uncool. Kamala, cool again, check this out. If, you racist today. You lost nobody going against Trump. It's not About race, it's about what they provide for the society.


It's what they could do for the community With her putting a lot of black Americans in jail for the marijuana. They're not really going for her. We also got people's thoughts on Trump's recent comments on Harris's ethnicity. She was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. Yeah, she was Hindu when it suit a purpose, you know? And now that she's running the black vote Susa purpose. So like Trump said, you know, now she's black Folks, I'm telling you right now, something big is happening.


I don't wanna hear landslide talk. I, I'm, I'm gonna say this. So are you done hearing about it? Tell me yes. 'cause that means, I gotta say it 10 more times. don don't wanna hear it ever execute. That is it. Do not get distracted. They are scared. Not us. I'm not scared. I'm actually very optimistic. Not overly optimistic, but optimistic. We have learned the Democrats. Let me tie the show in together. Why I put this together the way I did. Now, nothing I do here is by accident. Did you notice how I opened up the show? The Democrats, the liberal media are afraid folks, their brand forever has been very simple.


You want the stodgy, old connected machine guys running your life into the ground. The party of the rich vote Republican we're the Democrats, we're the cool kids. They've lost the narrative. Do you understand that? They have totally lost the narrative. They are now the cut your kids' balls off nanny state. Government's gonna tell you what to do. Big daddy government's gonna, you know, sit here and control everything from the economy to education to your healthcare. There is nothing cool about that. They are jealous of us. Now, we're now the beer guzzling, hippie culture going, you know what, man? I just want you to get that outta my life, man. Is that cool? Just leave me alone.


Give us our military court system and everything you do sucks. Can you just leave us alone? You are the machine now. You put our guy in jail, you're locking everyone up. How are we the big power place? You're the ones locking us up. We're the renegades now they have lost the narrative. Nobody wants to be part of the machine. Everybody wants to be part of our culture now. They're like, man, I go to these, you ever read these articles from lefties? They go to these MAGA rallies, Trump concerts, kid rock concerts, and they're always looking for like a bunch of guys in clan hoods. And it's like every single time they write the same thing they do go read the articles.


They're like, man, it's really weird. No, I, I was, everybody was actually really nice to me. And there was just an article and like, oh man, what was it? I wish I could find it. Let me think of it for, there was just an article about this, about this guy in this lefty rag. It was like my Mother Jones type place. And right now they were at some kind of Trump rally and they couldn't believe how nice everybody was. We're the ones right now. We're the misfits, we're the renegades, we're the deadheads. We're definitely not the Swifties. We're the guys showing up at the Nate Smith concerts and the kid rock concerts and having a good time. you know what's sexy man? Liberty's sexy. That's what's sexy freedom.


Live your freaking life. It's some nanny government, some 80 plus year old guy who had a medical episode telling you where you could get your gas and your food and get, send your kids to school. What the hell's sexy about that? Hold on one there. Here, hold on a second. Standby. So when I was a kid, right? The listener sent this to me. This is the exact bumper sticker I had on my car. I don't know where this guy got this or he printed up himself or what this question authority bumper sticker man was on my car.


I had a Ford escort. I was what? 17 I my entire life. I'm not gonna tell you I was a Republican my whole life. I was definitely a libertarian growing up. But I always said to myself, why do we let these people, it just didn't make any sense to me how it is that all these people I was with in college in Stony Brook in Queens College too, they were all like, oh yeah, Democrats, you know, man, it's, it's like the edgy party. And I was like, how they are losing it man. They wanna be us. We don't wanna be them. They're, you gotta play. Can you play? We gotta win lady again. Nobody wants to be the queen of the Karens folks.


You are at a kid rock concert. You are having a damn good time rocking your MAGA hat, drinking a beer, beer, having a blast. And this is what the Kamala people with the black curtains are doing. We're gonna win. We're gonna win the Lord. This is the queen of the Karens the Duchess. I'm, I'm you wanna be this lady. I've always been in enough of so my ears, I can can't destroy any more brain cells from my audience. you don't wanna be that. They're jelly kids. They wanna be like us. By the way, be very, very careful about this election folks.


Election observers, vote place observers, vote counting location observers. Scott Presler I know is Scott. I, Jim, can you book Scott this week? By the way, we gotta talk about Pennsylvania. Scott wants to come on. Jim, you know it from the radio show. Be very, very careful about Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania Department of State is already releasing his BS tweet saying there's gonna be some shady stuff here. There's a real tweet verified account. Pennsylvanians won't always know the final result of all elections on election night. Any changes in results that occur as counties continued to count ballots are not evidence that an election is rigged.


There is no evidence on Alex and I that it is rigged. The numbers will change from Trump up 500 million votes to down 20. But that is not, not evidence in Pennsylvania. Here it is Pennsylvania election officials speaking Loudly. If, you are like, man, they look like Esei. That was in honor of Esei Day last week. By the way, folks, I don't buy any of this shit. RNC and others. I hope you were on top of this. I want people at ballot boxes. I want people everywhere. Ese f eses a celebrity on this show.


F folks, listen, everybody be cool, right? We're gonna If you see ese in public, get a selfie, don't even tell and send me the self. Don't tell 'em why though. 'cause he won't do it. Just be like, Hey Za, and just like, can I take of self be cool? Like, don't you know we don't his real name. Yeah. JJ his real name is, yeah, what is his real name? Fugley is he or something. You folks get selfies with him. It'd be hilarious and we'll put it up. We'll put 'em up on the show. We'll put you, is that everybody If you said, but just be cool. Like, I don't, you know, especially If, you have say with family and stuff. don don't wanna like, and so just be like, yo Fugly or whatever his, I don't even know his real name. Don't say Zi. He'll never, you know, he'll never do the selfie. We love Ziga Zi day on Monday, but be cool.


Be like, Hey, we love your work man. Fugly, get a picture of your selfie. We'll take selfies. We'll make it like the Esei selfie portfolio. Be nice though, very be like overnight. That way he takes a picture. That'd be the coolest thing ever for Gey portfolio at the end of the year. Oh man, wait, this, this show. I had a good weekend, man. I, you can tell I'm, I'm in a really good mood. I know. Listen, I, I, I, I guess I'm, I gotta get to, I got, I guess some. So I didn't get to, don't go anywhere. I may run a little over today, but I just, I had a good time this weekend. I'm just gonna tell you something folks. I've been poor, I've been middle class. I guess you could say I've been wealthy.


don don't know who cares, shouldn't talk about money, but don don't really give a damn. It doesn't matter. If. you ever are in the opportunity where you can do stuff. Memories are what matters, man. And I, you don't need a lot of money to make memories. And I had such a good time with the orthodontist this weekend and my doctor friend always hang around. By the way, people smarter than you, your goal is to be the dumbest person in every room. Seriously. Be the dumbest person. 'cause you'll always be smarter. Never hang around with people dumber than you. You'll get dumber. So these two are just, man, they like to party like I do and work hard. They bust their asses during the week and their wives are super nice. And I went out with this restaurant owner, friend of mine too.


And man, I'll tell you memories. I mean, they never go away. I can buy a fancy Lamborghini. don don't know. I, I have a Lincoln navigator. It's a nice car, but it's not like, you know, I have an armored Escalade, which is nice. But you know, again, I don't have any fancy, I don't have a boat or anything. I'm not a member of any country club. Just build memories, man. They, they last forever. It is the greatest dopamine high ever. Good friends, man. I thank 'em for a great weekend. One more thing. In addition to Pennsylvania, be very, very careful about this story too. Washington Post Trump campaign says it's a victim of a foreign hack after leak of a JD Vance report, the judge's ruling BS alert.


I am gonna, I am declaring an official, official Bonino rule alert. It's my first official one. There it is on the screen. Red flags everywhere, right? You knew we're gonna have some kind of October surprise If, you start seeing emails leaking out around October. Sound familiar? And they're like, Luke, this is a Trump campaign. The Iranians. Did it sound familiar? Thank you. Chat folks. I'm not buying any of this, any of this at all.


I think they're preparing you right now for some October leak. Oh, emails. So the Trump look, the Iranians did it. Sure, sure. No Dan, you gotta believe it's the Washington Post. Isn't that the, the PPE tape Washington Post? Didn't they tell us they had emails last time or something like that and all this and, and Trump did it or something like that. you know what else they post? What else? That's it. That's the same Washington Post. Donald Trump. Good, good, good catch. Justin. Same Washington Post. Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero official red flag. Bonino rule warning, my first one, If, you start hearing about leaked emails. Save this clip fellas. Save the clip.


Don't say I didn't warn you. Trump campaign is a victim of a foreign hack. Sure. Okay. Okay. I need a couple favors. Army General Sergeants, Anita, groin, army. You're up. Everybody go download my friend Nate Smith's Bulletproof, by the way, I don't think, I'm not as like a producer or anything like that. I have anything to do with him business wise. He's a great guy and he's super nice and he loves America. And his song Bulletproof is a freaking banger. 'cause I did try Jack and Jim this week. Listen to Lyric, you know what I mean? Okay, I'll download that. Download the Rumble app, it's free. Join us every day at 11:00 AM Represent Bongino Army.


We had 160 plus thousand people here today. We're probably the number one or two live stream in the world 'cause we kick ass and take names. 11:00 AM be here live. If not, you can watch a video on demand. It's all free. rumble.com/bonino. Download the Rumble app. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify too where we've been kicking ass and taking names too. See you on a radio show and rumble in a few minutes and back here tomorrow. Thanks for a banger show. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.