
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Listen Man, the worst thing you can do to me is to try to intimidate me and to not talking about something. Because in the giving a shit factor, I give zero shits. That's a zero. Like a donut about what you think about what I say, okay? I only care about what you and the audience thinks. I don't care about what the swampy people, you know, the Democrats, the libs, the media goons, say it all. So yesterday we had to expose some people because some stuff's going on I really don't like, and I didn't wanna do it, but I had to do it.


So of course people tried to hilariously like intimidate me into silence. So what happens every time Justin's a pop quiz, when people tell us not to talk about something, what do we do? Oh, we talk about it. We talk about it twice. So now we're gonna talk about it again today, and I'm gonna give you some dets you probably don't know. Here's a little hint, Ladies and gentlemen, while I wholeheartedly agree that the Russians are on the wrong side of the Russia, Ukraine War, you don't know everything about Ukraine, I promise you. And a lot of what's going on right now goes right back to Ukraine. You'll see what I mean in a minute.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. So get it now. Get a good night's sleep. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino, I've got that.


Also, Julie Kelly, Darren Beatty, absolutely blowing up the January 6th pipe bomber story. Some stunning, stunning video that explains something I've had in the back of my head for a long time. And on the front of the show was that the back plan on January 6th to put a Pipe bomb out in front of Kamala Harris's location at the DNC. Wait till you see this video.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by stolen economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines fighting for our rights. Our military first responder heroes, our veterans, and they take a stand for conservative causes. They put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile today. Do what I did. You get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers 'cause Patriot Mobile operates, operates across all three major networks. It's a great company. They back their service with a coverage guarantee too. They're 100% US based. Customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values of the same coverage. They don't and they can't. So join me and switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


Alright fellas, let's go. So yesterday, we blew up the interweb. Yesterday when I exposed to you that a bunch of people, not just one, but associated with lobbyists and trying to get more Ukraine money, are very upset about the selection of JD Vance. I'm trying desperately to avoid distractions from now until the election. The problem is the distractions are becoming a distraction. you get what I mean. So we have 80 days left, so I'm taking it on my own because we have the most powerful army and conservative politics. We just do. We're gonna shut this shit down and if it doesn't get shut down, we're just gonna continue to expose it every day until it stops.


Because in a war of attrition, we win, you lose because we just have a bigger audience. So If, you wanna continue to play around and screw around and try to sabotage the Trump van ticket. I'm gonna make sure I expose exactly who you are and who you're working for. So yesterday I said to you that good quality sources of mine are very upset that Kellyann Conway and people in that orbit are apparently doing what they can to sabotage JD Vance out there on the circuit and leaking stories. And these sources are really good. And I'm not giving my sources up. Forget it. Many people thanked me yesterday for exposing Kellyann Conway and these efforts and others. He's not the only one, by the way.


So some jerk wad named Kurt Bordello, whatever the hell his name is, I've never heard of this guy. don don't think his parents have either. Kurt Portello, he, he, I guess he's pretending to be a Republican, says, you know, I'm no defender of Kellyann, but this is an open threat that could only lead to violence. Holy shit. Listen, fuck what? Let me tell you something right away, nobody. And I mean no one, and I mean no one. And thank you to all the people who defended me on Twitter. No one has spoken out against political violence and actually worked against it as a Secret Service agent for Democrats and Republicans more than me while you were sitting there with your finger up your ass. Okay? So you can shut the fuck up, okay? You can go sit down in a corner with your dopey Duns cap on and shut up with your stupid left wing talking points.


Nobody has spoken out more passionately against and actually worked against it repeatedly against political violence than me. you know exactly what I was saying. And you put this out there, don don't know who put it up to you, who put you up to it, to shut me up Inspiring violence by telling her it's, it is a warning and it was a warning against this. So now you wanna f around Kurt Bordello or whatever the hell your name is, you dipshit. Now we're gonna talk about it twice because you tried your little left wing tactics to shut me down. Lead to violence. Are you insane? Are you on drugs? Are you always just fucking stupid? Or is it just like a Thursday Wednesday thing?


I'm warning these people out there. Now, If, you are going to sabotage the ticket. I am going to expose who you are and If you say, oh my gosh, that's gonna lead the, you are just doing the left wing tactic and now we're gonna expose what I'm talking about because of you so Kellyann and others, you can thank Kurt for opening his stupid mouth and saying something so freaking dumb. Anyone out there wanna go out and compile the thousand plus times? I've told people you engage in any political violence, you're not welcome on my show. This is what Left Wingers do. This is exactly what they do to shut you down. It is a warning. It was a warning against this Kellyann Conway Politico becomes the latest DC power player linked to Victor.


Pin shook folks. you know who Victor pin shook is? So let's go over this slowly and show you exactly what, because folks, you know, listen, I'm not, I promise you, okay, I, this always makes me a little uneasy. I'm not trying to sell you any of these books. I don't care. Get 'em from the library. Borrow 'em from your friends. I genuinely don't care. I'm one of the few guys who's asking you intentionally don't buy my books. I don't care. I'm just trying to tell you, I have been on this for a long time. This is why Kellyann Conway worries me. I'm gonna show you what I mean in a second. In my book, Kellyann Conway is working for Victor Pinchuk here it is in Politico right here, bullshit ago. But they're not wrong.


She's got a contract with the Pinho Foundation, which runs through November 14th. Election season comes with a $50,000 a month retainer fee. Kelly Ann Conway will advise Victor Pinho on the current state of views on Ukraine. Mm oh look, they note that JD Vance's name in there too. Kellyann Conway was no fan of JD Vance. Now you see where all this negative stuff is coming from. Do I have to put this together for everyone out there, including Kurt Bordello of, of whatever they, this freaking moron. What is he? Some kind of swampy DBA Politico also notes that Victor Pinchuk has long been making cameos in US politics.


Holy shit. He donated millions to the Clinton Foundation. Now he's got Kellyann Conway under contract. Oh my God, thank you Kurt Portello, thank you for toying with us yesterday with your dumb ass left wing talking point here. It's, I Violet know you're inspiring. Stupidity Dip shit. Pinch shook. So pinch Shooks paying Kellyann Conway. He's supposed to be on our team and he's also donated millions upon millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. Matter of fact, the Clintons were so eager to hide their relationship with Pinch Shook, which I've been exposing for years. By the way, this is why this topic is like front of mind right here, that when there was a bunch of emails exposing a dinner pin Shook had with the Clintons, the Clintons did everything they could to make it go away.


Matter of fact, the Washington Examiner did some good work on this, right around the time I was put that headline up, If, you would Emails show Clinton denied and then met with a Ukrainian donor. Crazy. Who was that? Victor Pinchuk who gave up to 25 Milli to the Clinton Foundation? Darn. That's so weird. They were trying to hide their email. It's always like the same guys. It's the same guys. It's almost like I told you in my book to remember the names and follow the money, Actually gonna have Hunter Biden and George Soros with This guy, but Hunter Biden and George Soros. Funny you say that. Gee. 'cause I wrote a book called Spygate. And look, Victor Pinchuk has his own chapter.


You can actually look, here's page 18. They note that, sir, Hey Lashenko, one of the guys, by the way, who started the whole pp tape hoax Russia collusion things, you know that he's Ukrainians, you know that his name's Lashenko. Lashenko has a history of Victor. Pin shook. Wow. Turns out that they, he got some money when his tax returns were leaked. And the money, however, didn't come from Pinchuk. The Pinchuk Foundation received the money from George Soros International Renaissance Foundation. Oh my, what the hell? How is that Soros Pinch shook Lashenko. Russia collusion, peepee hoax.


So you're telling me the guy that started the whole Russia collusion thing, this guy Lashenko, you're telling me he has ties to this guy, Pinchuk and Soros, who's now paying Kelly and come Kurt Kelly should really thank you, really? 'cause you know what? I was gonna let that go. I was gonna let, but now we're not. Now we're not. So weird too. I got a whole chapter in a book called Follow the Money. You can borrow it from the library. Don't buy it. I don't want your money. Borrow it. Follow the money. The first chapter's called Insane in Ukraine, where you can go over the entire Ukrainian connection.


How they've been buying off us lawmakers for years does not mean they deserve to be invaded. Does not mean Russia's the good guy. Does not mean we don't have an interest. It doesn't mean any of that. It just means JD Vance. Why I support him, by the way, is well aware that we have a very checkered history with Ukrainians interfering in our politics. The Ukrainians started the collusion hoax folks, Leschenko who was, knows Pinchuk and was getting money from the Soros Foundation. It's in the book. Just read page 18 of Spygate. It's all footnoted folks. It's all footnoted.


There's 30 pages of Endnotes. I've been writing about this forever. So the same guy, pinch Shook, is paying off Kellyann 50,000 a month up until the election for some Ukrainian interests and is a big Clinton donor. Why was he a big Clinton donor? Let's go to Newsweek back in 2015. Newsweek, not some right wing rag folks, okay? Left wing lunatics. Why was Victor Pinchuk so interested in the Clintons? Well, Victor Pinchuk, it turns out the Ukrainian is paying off. Kelly Ann Conway, he had to steal company. Put that up on the screen.


That steel company, it turns out, had a series of shipments to Iran that may have violated sanctions back in 2011 and 2012 shipments to Iran. That could have caused Victor Pinchuk and his company a lot of trouble. Who could have helped him out in 2011 and 2012. Does anybody remember? You guys know who was in office back there? Oh, that was, that was the Obama man with the Clinton the, is this a, so when I say follow the money, I mean follow the money.


Not this doesn't mean this in a figurative sense. It's in a literal sense. Follow the money. Here it is. Just go to page 18. You can read the Pinch hook chapter yourself. Thank you. Kurt Ello told you, a lot of people be upset today, but you can rely on your good friend Dan, who gives zero shits about any of these losers, like Kurt Bordello or whatever the hell his name is. You tell me not to talk about something. I talk about it twice Now, If, you wanna keep going? We can go into more tomorrow into Kellyann's payments and stuff. Like, we can do that.


We can do that if you'd like. Now, does it make sense why you're seeing all these leaks in the paper? Republican anonymous searches are saying JD Vance is terrible. Really? It's funny 'cause everybody I know in the Republican party seems to love him. He slated on the weekend show. He's been doing amazing. It's incredible how it's only these select operatives that it make sense. JD says, you know, maybe we should look into what's going on in Ukraine before we get more money. There's a lot of corruption over there too. Again, they don't deserve this. I am in no way a pro, I'm the most anti Putin guy. I actually spent time in Russia and we, we were victims of their nonsense, okay? Me and a partner of mine in the Secret Service.


But you see how when you question this massive defense industry, symbio here with the government, anyone like JD Vance, the lobbyists and the money comes in and all of a sudden you start seeing the left wing media, who, by the way, prophets off war too. You see the left wing media? Oh, JD Vance, big trouble. Trump team's quietly whispering they need to get rid of him. Nobody's whispering that. No one is wi, nobody is whispering that you wanna keep going? We can keep going. And yes, it is a warning and no fuck sticks. This has absolutely nothing to do with political violence. You pieces of shit.


No one, nobody. Nobody has condemned political violence louder than me. You want us to put together a big hour long no one. And I don't give a damn about your politics. Once you cross that red line, there's no going back. And I'll warn everyone again. You wanna keep going? We can keep going. 'cause I know a lot more too. And if I didn't have other priorities, I'd do the whole show on this. And notice I brought in a bunch of left wing sources there. So nobody can say, oh, Bonino is just making this up. He's a conservative lunatic. Really? I cited for you Politico and Newsweek.


That's who Pin Shook is. Is anybody curious why he's paying Kellyann Conway? Ask Kurt. Bordello ready to move on Now, I don't want any friends, folks, I'm serious. Not interested anymore. I don. I'm with you guys as friends. That's it. This job is not easy. I'm not trying to, I'm not a snowflake. I'm nobody's victim. But it's not because you get tempted a lot. I'm only human. You get tempted to want to be part of the in crowd and go to the dinners and all that stuff. I don't wanna do any of that shit.


All I care about is the truth. I'm desperately trying to avoid distractions. But I'm telling you right now, we are not going to win this election if the internal sabotage continues. There is, and by the way, let me just say one last thing. I'm sorry before I move on. I don't wanna belabor this. I nothing happening here is illegal. It's immoral and unethical, but it's not illegal. You are free to take lobbyist money from whoever you want, but you are not free to pretend to be one of us, or you sabotage the campaign. You are not. Okay. Moving on folks. I got Julie Kelly coming up on the radio show later. I wanna thank her. And Darren Beatty, I, I can't thank him enough.


Darren Beatie from Revolver. Julie Kelly has her own substack. She's on X, Julie Kelly too. She's on Truth and Elsewhere. This January 6th bomber story I'm telling you, is the biggest scandal of our time. You guys know the background, Kamala Harris on January 6th, the insurrection, the insurrection If. you listen to the left wing narrative along with your inciting violence. Anytime you, you mention anything to anyone ever on January 6th, Ladies and gentlemen, for some mysterious reason, Kamala Harris, who was about to be certified as the first female Black Vice president, for some reason, was not at the Capitol. She was at the DNC where there was a bomb.


And nobody knows about it except you. Julie got our hands on some video. We're gonna walk through it here in a minute. This is really, really explosive stuff, and it backs up my theory that this was a backup plan and that everyone was gonna say later on it was a test. Stay with me. Let me take a quick break. I need to kind of calm down a little bit too. I woke up really pissed off this morning because of this. Don't ever try toti ever, ever try to intimidate me not to talk about something. Do you understand? It will only incentivize me to do it again and again and again. I don't listen to anyone but my anyone, ever, anyone, anyone you understand.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not about just feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of beams. Dream powder stuff has been a total game changer for me. You see, when we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. Their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. It does taste good. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Beam's Dream Powder has this all natural blend. REI Magnesium, l-theanine, apigenin and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try it. Their bestselling dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off big savings for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino and Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Beam, we appreciate it.


Folks, this is shocking. New footage. I'm gonna run this on what we call in the business of voiceover. It may be a little difficult on radio later, but we'll do our best. Okay? 'cause radio, obviously you're not, you know, you're looking at, you're not looking at, you're only hearing, but it's gonna work. Well here on the podcast, I'm gonna talk you through for her audio listeners. Here's what you're gonna see here. Kamala Harris was not at the capitol on January 6th, as I just said, which is the strangest thing because nobody wants to talk about it. Even Kamala Harris, they keep telling us there was an insurrection on January 6th, yet Kamala Harris was at the Democrat National Committee Headquarters right down the block from the Capitol. And if there was an insurrection, the story of her being there with a bomb outside should be the biggest story in the news.


But Ladies and gentlemen, no one, no one wants to talk about it. Bottom line, up front, here's what I think happened. I think this is one of the biggest scandals and politics. They could not absolutely could not have Republican United States Senators on certification day outing stories of voter fraud. You understand? All of America would've heard what happened in the 2020 election. They had it interrupted the insurrection, what they call what happened at the Capitol. I don't think that entire thing was planned that way, but I don't, I think there were people in there who were instigating, but I don't think they anticipated that reaction. Don't mistake what I'm saying.


I think they expected and wanted chaos. Absolutely. I just told you they had to interrupt the hearing. They had to, but I don't think they expected that. I don't. So they had a I can prove it to you. So they had a backup plan. The backup plan was going to be these pipe bombs near the RNC at the Capitol Hill Club and at the DNC. That way, if the chaos didn't break out at the Capitol, they could say, we gotta shut this thing down. Kamala Harris was almost killed by a Pipe bomb. You get it? And the best part of the whole thing for them, these lunatics, is if the Pipe bomb was discovered, they would say, oh, it was just a training device. We were testing security, play the video.


This explains everything. So here, thanks to Julie Kelly and Darren Beatty and others, we have this, there's a police vehicle from DC Metro showing up. You're gonna see a guy get out of the car not far from where the bomb is. You'll see in the split screen, this is about, I dunno, 15 feet away where the bomb was. Later, you know, found, you'll see Julie put this together there, you'll see this, you'll see the guy getting out with a bag out of this Metro police car. And he, you see him right there with the bag. He looks, I mean, I, I don't assume he's a police officer, he's in a police vehicle. He could be working with someone. He's in a police vehicle, but don't automatically assume he's a police officer. It could be, but we don't know that yet. We just know he's definitely in a DC Metro police vehicle.


And you'll see that where he gets out of the car, that the the bomb again is found just what, 15 feet away or so there he goes. Walking back now, a guy who's a Capitol Hill police officer, oddly enough, just minutes after that, finds the same bomb and goes up to a DC vehicle, a DC Metro police vehicle. Hey, look, I think we got a Pipe bomb over there, folks. This is insane. Now, was he carrying a Pipe bomb? I always apply a Bonino rule. I don't state things, I can't back up. I'm just asking a few logical questions. Yeah, I love this. Keep going. I that he's gonna keep running this and running this and running this. Folks, how in the hell does the guy get out the car with this black bag?


Walk right over where the bomb is. If the bomb was there in advance at the DNC, like the FBI keeps telling us it was planted the night before. How did the Secret Service bomb dog miss it? And how did this cop miss it? Wait, is he not in the back? No, he has Turned the bag. Yeah, he, yeah. Then he walks over. Look, how did they miss it, Folks? This makes no sense. If this was an active explosive, how did the Secret service, EOD, bomb tech and the bomb dog, how did they miss it? The answer is it probably wasn't there.


It was probably planted just minutes before it was found. It is the only thing that makes sense. If, you're applying Occam's razor. Keep it simple. Stupid. You are telling me, according to the official FBI story, which I absolutely categorically believe is bullshit, you are telling me to bomb that Pipe bomb sitting out there in the open by a park bench for everyone to see. It was sitting out there the entire night. Nobody saw it. Not the DNC security, not the secret service, not the EOD tech. The bomb dog didn't hit on it. The bomb dog can smell explosives 25 50 feet away.


Everybody missed it, including a police officer who got outta the car. 'cause notice minutes go by until they actually see the thing. It wasn't there. They're lying to you. Who is this person who got out of the police car? Why is, has he been interviewed? Who is that guy? Why is this video just coming out today? Who is that guy getting out of the police car with this bag? What was in the bag? Republican Congressman Tom Massey's been doing an amazing job on this. Congressman, please, I'm begging you to get on this. Who the hell is that guy?


Did they plant that bomb a few minutes before to make sure they had a backup plan to shut this thing down at the capitol in case Republicans started impo talking about voter fraud in front of the whole country? Folks, what else makes sense? Has the guy been interviewed? How did he miss the bomb? This explains everything. Look at all these open questions. Why are the Secret Service texts and emails missing from that day? How did EOD, the explosives ordinance disposal team and the dog missed the bomb? If it was there? It wasn't. Why is Kamala so quiet about having been at the DNC when it was a bomb there?


If it was an insurrection, she should be a hero. I escaped with my life from the MAGA terrorists in the bomb. Why is she not only not saying, she doesn't even mention being there. Why? Why is the camera footage according to Darren Beatie appear to have been manipulated from the night before? If the bomb was really placed there, how come all these cameras missed it? How about the strange behavior of the other person who found the bomb near the RNC? I'll get to that in a minute. How come no arrests had been made? How come Benny Thompson, Democrat loser from the January 6th committee?


How come he's not even a little bit interested in who tried to kill Kamala Harris at the DNC? I'm telling you, man, this is the biggest scandal of our time. Something happened that day, folks. Something really, really bad happened that day. And there were a lot of people involved with a lot of culpability. Something really, really bad happened that day. Somebody was told to put that bomb there as a backup plan to shut that certification process down. I now have zero doubt. The only question is who and when It was Plan A actually, right?


Probably what? you know what? He's probably right. That was probably Plan A. I keep calling it Plan B because the insurrection happened. you know, air quotes. I don't think they expected it. I think that was the plan. The bombs to shut it down. And then this chaos broke out at the Capitol and they were like, yes. Awesome. By the way, make that bomb story. Go away. Tell 'em it was a test. That's a good point. Key. It was probably Plan a. Folks. There's something really dark here, man. There is something really dark. I'm gonna take a quick break and I'm gonna get to this other video. First I'm gonna show you Kim Cheadle, the former Secret Service Director.


Yes, the failed one res responsible for the security when the dude got murdered and three people got shot. Not the dude, Corey. Compare it to him. God, God rest your soul. Really. Hero man died in front of his family. Three people shot the Secret Service Director, is that, watch her cover this thing up. Quick break. We'll get right back to the show.


Hey, time is our most precious commodity. I've heard from so many of my listeners who've asked about my advice about how they can spend it wisely and engage in some self-improvement. That's why I'm really excited about Hillsdale College. They're offering more than 40 free, free, free online courses, free on the most important and enduring subjects you wanna learn about the works of CS Lewis, the book of Genesis, the US Constitution. How about the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Christian Church with Hillsdale College's Online courses available for free folks. That's right. For free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity. It's another great course. It's an 11 lecture course. You'll study the inspiring stories of Christ as apostles of the faithful ones throughout the first four centuries of Christianity. These are advanced level courses you take at your own pace. You will be the smartest guy in the room. You'll learn the arguments of key early Christian apologists who defended the faith. The courses are self-paced. Start whenever, wherever you want. Enroll now in ancient Christianity to discover the improbable, miraculous story of Christianity. Get smarter today. Right now. Go to hillsdale.edu/bonino to enroll. There's no cost. It's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/bonino. To register hillsdale.edu/bonino. Thanks Hillsdale.


Our last sponsor today is Burnout. It's great to have Burnout on the show. Folks. Lethal force isn't the answer to every situation. It's nice to have option. Ima imagine this. An imminent threat comes to you and your family. Right? Instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm. But what if there were a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly Force? Burner is a non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. You just need protection to ensure you can diffuse the situation and drive that threat away. I've trained with firearms for many years, and let me tell you, the pistol burner sent me is one of the easiest to learn and use. If. you don't own a firearm. This is a great option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. That's bya.com/dan. Now for an exclusive 10% discount to my listeners today, that's B yna.com/dan bya.com/dan, you won't regret it. Check 'em out.


Alright, back to the show folks. He is right. The bombs at the RNC and DNC on January 6th were not the backup plan. They were probably the primary plan. And then the chaos broke out, which I'm telling you, they, I have no doubt people had a roll in. Listen to me. I don't think they expected that. And then they didn't need the bombs, so they had to make the freaking story go away. That's why nobody wants to talk about it. No one. And that's why the Secret Service, who was there that day doesn't wanna talk about it either. The reason they missed the explosive Pipe bomb out front of the DNCI believe based on now a pretty thorough investigation me and others have been conducting here, is that it wasn't there.


It was planted right before they found it planted. Find it. And I believe the Secret Service emails and texts from that day will show 'em, right? And I believe they will also show a paper trail or a digital trail telling them, Hey, stand down. That device was just a test. By the way, test. Listen to Kim Cheadle. This is a CBS news report. This is the disgraced Now resigned Secret Service director in charge again. When Corey comparator was murdered and three people were shot, here she is being asked a question about the text. She says, no, the text, they're not, they didn't disappear. It was a device swap on January 6th. Really?


You must really think we're stupid. Watch this. She Would know the 28 year veteran was on the team that evacuated Vice President Dick Cheney on nine 11. And she served on then Vice President Biden's Protective Detail. He named her director in mid 2022 amid a swirl of controversy over the agency, deleting nearly all of its text messages from January 6th. The agency says that was due to a data migration system. Migrations happened. But I think for a lot of Americans, it just doesn't pass the smell test given the timing and the volume of messages deleted. Well, it's unfortunate that that would be the assumption that people would make. Our integrity is everything. And there was nothing nefarious attached to That.


Their integrity. Don't worry, folks. The Secret Service decided, Justin, this is a, is this something? Let me ask you something. You're, you're in, what year of college are you in? Fifth. So you, you fifth, what are you on the Tommy Boy plan? You're in the fifth. I thought college was four. What the, what do you mean you're in your fifth year? I shouldn't say I actually did four and a half. I take that back. A lot of people go five. Justin's a very smart guy. Let me ask you this. you know Occam's Razor, you're a very smart guy. Keep it simple, stupid, right? Are you suggesting to me with a straight face as the former director of the United States Secret Service with a straight face, you're expecting us not to laugh that on a day where everybody knew there was gonna be a lot of drama, you had to stop the steal rally the certification, a questionable election at best that the Secret Service was sitting around on that day going, Hey guys, you see these cell phones we got, it'd be a good day to swap 'em out.


Why don't we grab our guys that do a cell phones swap out you. Holy shit. you know what kind of a moron you have to be to believe that? Why are the texts not there? I'm telling you, because somebody was emailing or texting the Secret Service, telling them either to stand down or it was some kind of training exercise. Or they found out later that that bomb wasn't there. Here's more evidence that something really, really dark happened that day. And this is why no one wants to talk about it. Hat tip, Julie and Darren, again, this other video popped out.


Here's a video right near the RNC in case you don't know. This is right next door to the Capitol. I've been to that building 50, 60 times. That building you're gonna see in a corner, there's the Capitol Hill Club. You're gonna see in that circle is the woman who discovers this is right next to the RNC. Just so you know, the capitol's right behind them right here. Okay? And the capitol officer. All right, so she's walking around the corner. Watch this, the circle. You're gonna see this woman who finds the this is a different bomb, Pipe bomb. This is near the RNC, not at the, it's near the RNC in an alleyway. Okay? Now I want you to watch the, what happens. 'cause this is very, very strange behavior. Now, I'm just gonna say in advance, people do strange things under times of stress.


So I don't wanna jump to any conclusions on this, but I think any, so, so she's walking by the Capitol Hill Club. It's to her left. Now you see the camera angle changes. Here's the alleyway between the Capitol Hill Club and the RNC. Okay? Now why she's walking down the alleyway is again, very strange. It seems awfully weird. Now, I want you to watch, this is running outta the alleyway between the two buildings running outta Now you just saw a bomb. So the running part outta the alleyway, okay, understand now goes into the Capitol Hill Club gets a security person, okay? You'll see it on camera. I get the running outta the alleyway. I would why you were in the alleyway.


I don't know. Again, I don't want to jump to conclusions. It's just kind of weird. You just decided to randomly walk in an alleyway in the middle of nowhere between the RN C and now here's the person. That's woman who finds a bomb. They who goes back to the bomb. Now again, folks, I don't wanna jump to conclusions here, but can I ask you folks in the chat something? Well, I just asked so many. You find a bomb that the FBI has told us is some viable explosive, and your first impulse is to go back. I, I, again, I I, I wanna be fair here.


I haven't been in security and law enforcement for a very long time. People do really weird things under stress. Okay? I, I, I, I, I, it, it would be totally unfair for me not to put that out there. I'm just telling you my experience. I've never seen anything like this. Now, I haven't come across in law enforcement, someone finding a bomb. I've come across hundreds if not thousands of people who find hypodermics at the beach, a gun lying in the corner. They find a, a dead body. When I was a cop, it happens all the time. People do strange things. I have never seen someone like run back to a really dangerous situation and put themselves right back in it.


That's dumb even for a Democrat. It it even by like liberal standards. This makes no sense. Folks, listen to me please. Julie will be on the radio show later at two. By the way, a lot of people are asking me, Hey Dan, I can't get the third hour of the radio show. No, you can. It's a long story. But the, the full radio show, all three hours first two are available on Rumble rumble.com/bonino for free. The third hour is for local subscribers. It's on local. So If, you go to locals, there's a, at the top, there's a, in a on a rumble. It says local Subscribe. You gotta Subscribe for the third hour or else you can listen for free on the radio too, though it's not, you know, I'm not trying to hide it from you. It's a long story, don. Don't wanna bore you with it.


But the subscribers get all three hours. Julie will be on today. Folks, the story makes no sense. Here are the open questions. One last time. Something really dark is happening here. Why are the secret service techs missing? We know they're lying about this tech, tech exchange, this cell phone swap. That's folks, that's garbage. Susan Crabtree has been all over this. A whistleblower has told her already that the Secret Service people working that day on January 6th, their phones weren't taken until months later. There is no way there was a tech exchange. There is a deliberate attempt to make all of this go away.


Second, how in the hell does a highly trained EOD tech, a bomb tech along with a highly trained dog whose ECMO turbinates can sniff out an explosive from a half a football field away? How the hell did the dog miss the bomb? 'cause it wasn't there. Why is Kamala Harris so quiet? She survived an assassination attempt in the insurrection from some red hat wearing MAGA terrorists, right? Why won't she talk about it? Matter of fact, why does she do everything she can to hide that she was at the DNC?


Why is the camera footage from the night before when the FBI tells us, oh no, don't worry guys. Don't look at that police bag coming out just minutes us before the bomb is found or anything like that. The FBI says the bomb was placed there the night before by some random guy. Amazingly, they can't find him. He's never been arrested. He makes a cell phone call. But the phone company, shockingly fellas, Justin, you believe it. The phone company couldn't find his records. What are the chances? Justin's like, man, what a big kaki Dig bro. And according to Darren Bet revolver, the camera footage appears to have been manipulated. So you can't actually see anyone placing a bomb the night before. So freaking weird. We have a geofence for every grandma who was at the stop the steal rally.


Their cell phone records, their bank records. But the one guy who alleged allegedly planted a bomb the night before at the DNC, nobody can find this guy's cell records phone company says they disappeared. So many wonderful incidents. By the way, folks, gee, who is like the most dry evidence-based guy? gh, like GH needs backup that his name is actually, gee, like he needs a birth certificate. There's nothing you can tell. Gee, he is. He is the most spreadsheet oriented guy. Even gee's like, dude, come on, come on now. No arrests have been made. Amazing. Every grandma on planet Earth has been arrested for walking into capitol.


Nobody can find this one guy who placed the alleged bomb. Here's another one, another bomb at the RNC. A lady mysteriously walks in an alley, he's like, oh shit. A bomb. And then runs back to the bomb minutes later North and strange there. And then we have this, the January 6th committee, you know, crying. Adam Kininger, man, he's got some problems going on crying. Adam, you got Liz Cheney who magically lost like 99% to one in a primary, which is incredible. You got, and then you got Benny Thompson at the Range Democrat on his January 6th committee. They hate Donald Trump. They've got on video an assassination attempt against Kamala Harris with a bomb.


None of 'em wanna talk about it. The January 6th committee didn't even cover it in a report. They only lightly mentioned it a little bit in the appendix. Republican congressman Tom Massey having none of this shit. I want you to listen to this exchange right here. We've played this before, but now listen again. I played the last minute of it. Here's Massey asking Benny Thompson, Hey, you guys were the January 6th committee. You got a cat here with a bomb, almost killed Kamala Harris, aren't you even interested? He's like, don don't know. don don't, don't know. As he said, what a coincidence that they're not interested in this story. Kamala Harris gonna give a speech about it.


Anyone in the press gonna ask about this video today? Anyone? Anyone with? Balls? Balls? Anyone? Grow some still there? Anyone wanna check 'em out? Little chia pet seeds down there. Grow some chia balls. Tommy John today. Tommy, of course. See Tommy Jack. Yeah. I don face my show. Anyway, listen to Benny Thompson. Seems awfully concerned about this January 6th pipe bomber story getting out. I wonder why check this out. Are you, are you concerned about the lackadaisical attitude or the secret? Or maybe you haven't seen the video. Have you seen the video of this discovery of the second pipeline? No.


No. I let, let me, let me just say a lot of what you've said here today, I have not been privy to, but I am of the opinion that if the chairman wants to look into that, you convince him to issue the subpoena, I'll go with him. If I would like to show you that video at some point. I'm surprised your committee did not find it. I mean, there were two bombs that day. And according to FBI and A TF and and Capitol Police, they were operable, viable bombs.


One of them was just feet from Kamala Harris who was gonna become the, the vice president of the United States. And the Secret Service sat there in their patrol car. It looks to me like they finished eating their lunch before they got out to look at it. And then it was 10 minutes. This is all on video. 10 minutes before they got Kamala Harris out of there. And again, it is Secretary Mayorkas who oversaw the production of these documents, these, these texts, which were never produced. And that's a real problem for me Folks. Is anyone in the media gonna grow some grapefruits?


One, two, what about this? Forget maybe some, some watermelon sized nuts. Is anyone, anyone? And yes, I do have Tommy John I. don want look. He say, I'm not kidding. Tommy John. There you go. He's say he's like, you ready? You ready to risk your marriage? Ah, geez, this show's crazy folks. We don't care. We don't follow rules and no rules here on this show. You wanna watch Standard Conservative Ray, you do that about this show. We do what we want here. I told you I wear Tommy. How do you think I'm messing with you? There you go. Grapefruits in the chat. Is anyone gonna grow some chia balls?


Put a little water, some chia seeds. Is anyone in the media going to grow chia balls and say, Hey, we've got this weird video. There appears to be a DC Metro police vehicle and a guy gets out with a bag where a Pipe bomb was found that could have killed what was soon to be the vice President elect. Why the hell is nobody curious about this? Is anybody gonna ask that question? Why is it only Julie Kelly, Darren Beatty, me and a couple others who seem even a little bit curious about this story, folks, man, there is something really dark here, really dark.


And as always, you are two weeks, two months, two years ahead of the new cycle. Let me just nail this down for you right now. 'cause when this comes out, can we put the, can we put the red folks flags in the chat right now? Sorry, I'm, I gotta give a, I don't mean to be rude. I gotta give an order command. The, and in the chat, this is a direct order flags in the chat. Actually, everything's backwards on the TV watch. They're gonna come out later on once this all comes out, that this was planted there. Not by a MAGA guy, but by some deranged liberal anti-Trump guy.


That this was gonna be plan A, this bomb attack on Kamala Harris to shut down the certification process because they didn't want any of this exposed. And then when it comes out in the wash, you know what's gonna happen? They're gonna say it was a training exercise. We were testing security. Everyone, everyone record that. Who are all my, my people? The Z guy, the maga, MAGA Kitty, the Insurrection Barbie, all you awesome ex people out there who cut my stuff and we'd love to thank you. Share away. Flag that, flag it, everybody send that out. Send that out. Because when it happens, you'll be like, holy shit, that guy was right.


I got some other things people need me to talk about today. By the way, if you're not following Susan Crabtree, you're missing out. She's just a fantastic reporter. She's on x and elsewhere. The secret service that is knee deep in this January 6th Pipe bomb scandal because they deleted the texts and emails. It was not a tech exchange. Cut the bullshit, please. It was not a tech exchange. That's all bullshit anyone telling you that is lying. They are hiding. What happened that day? The secret services deputy director, and at the time he was in the protective operations branch, the now acting director was there when the January 6th texts were gone, folks, the guy running the Secret service now is knee deep in this entire scandal.


Do you really believe he's concerned about security? He's concerned about covering up his role in all of this. The murder scene in Butler, pa, all of this stuff. So yesterday he had some all hands on deck meeting Secret service director Ron Rowe. This is from Susan Crabtree's Twitter feed, which is excellent ex Twitter. you know, he says, we can no longer operate with this mindset that we should do more with less. Dude, you were the guy in charge every day of protection while you operated with a mindset that got a guy murdered Corey Comparator in front of his family.


You were condemning your own management style and now you are gonna fix your management style. The Secret Service used to say this for years. I was there. Oh, we're gonna do more with less. No, you're not. You're gonna do less with less. This is, I, I can't understand. It's like a car executive who commits to this hydrogen powered car line that totally fails and then goes, you know what? That guy running that car show with that stupid decision, what a dipshit. We should fire him. It was you bro.


Here's more coverage from Susan Crabtree. This all hands on deck meeting. There is zero chance you are gonna get any change from this guy. Zero. Ask him about the January 6th text. Where are they? We're rising to this moment. Listen, I love the guys over there. They did the, a lot of these guys and and women out there I worked with did the best they can. They have whistle blown to me. And I love what you, what you, what you've been doing and nothing happened at your sites. It's this site. They screwed up. You. Here's another important bullet points. She notes, he notes that others had control of the budget and they've had tremendous support from my orca. Oh, now scroll down a little bit.


Now you've gotta, here's, here's more. He says, Ron Rowe, the current director, we have to have the people and technology to meet a dynamic threat environment. Dude. Now a guy was murdered. Do you understand? Three people were shot. Now you figure it out. You need technology and people, what is it gonna take, man? What the hell is it gonna take for me to get across to you guys? Nothing is going to change until that entire eighth floor of the Secret Service leaves. That's their management floor.


They need to leave. They do not know how to run a protection agency. It is obvious. You actually said that in a meeting. Oh, listen, you know, someone got murdered. So now we think we're gonna do security and start pulling in the technology we need so other people don't get murdered. That's really bold. Thank you. And then this happened. You hear this story. I got this last night. Susan sent it as well. Whistleblower, a friend of mine sent it over. So when you go to a secret service site, there's a site agent, I've tried to explain this to you. Site agent is the person responsible for that particular, particular protection site, right? Whatever it may be. An airport, the Butler County site, whatever it may be.


Site agent goes looking around for a post stander, okay? A post stander. I'm trying to explain to you the Secret service stuff without giving away security stuff. A post stander is just someone who stands a post. So if Justin's one of my agent, post standers, Justin, watch that door. That's Justin's job. Nobody comes through that door unless they have this pin. So apparently the site agent's doing a final sweep of the, of the security site and is looking for one of the agents that appears to be missing according to whistleblower. And it turns out the agent is breastfeeding in a room set aside for secret service official work. Folks, let me tell you, I'm a big fan of like breastfeeding your kids.


It's very good for them. Got the colostrum and all the other stuff, not at a security site with a bunch of armed agents where the threat level is through the roof and you're working for the government on a security mission. Bring your child to work. It's, you know, the secret service head, Justin, He's so mean. Justin wanted know if is bring your kid to work there. I, I don't, I don't know. I don't, I don't, I don't think so, don don't think at that site. I'm pretty sure, folks, is it ever gonna stop? Is it is, is it ever gonna stop you were breastfeeding.


I again, i I it's the best thing you can do. The colostrum's great. Probably not a good idea at a Secret Service site where threat levels are through the roof and you're around a bunch of armed people while you're supposed to be working on the taxpayer thing. And, and, and by the way, where were you at your post? But don't worry folks. Again, the Secret Service has a real hand on the hiring process. The people in charge now who made the bad decisions that led to the awful hiring and the terrible technology and the murder scene, they're definitely gonna change it now. And by the way, the deleted January 6th texts, and I'm telling you to the management of the Secret Service, I'm your worst nightmare right now.


you know why? I have nothing to lose and I don't care. That'll I'll, that'll make sense later. I promise you I have nothing to lose. Zero. I have no dog in the fight anymore. I don't work there. You need to go. You can't stay. You cannot blame other people for what you did. And I'm telling you, the heroes at the Secret Service who have been listening to your bullshit for years and are sick of you guys are, so many of 'em are reaching out. I have to be careful who I even communicate with. They are tired of you. You have no, I know you think you have support of your people. I promise you, you don't. And if this administration changes, I'm gonna do everything in my power to make sure you're all gone.


Because there is no way, whether it's Joe, Biden, Kamala Harris, the second gentleman, Joe Biden, Donald Trump, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama. There is no way any of these people should be going out thinking, am I gonna get shot in the head? Lemme just tell you one last thing and I, I gotta run. I'm not gonna say who obviously. But someone in that Trump orbit said to me something that really, really scared me. He was like, listen man, I go to these sites now and I look around and I'm really afraid that the bullet's gonna come whim by my head. And I thought to myself, that's the ultimate failure of the Secret Service.


Donald Trump's supposed to be thinking about getting elected president. So there's people, not bullets whiz past their head. I have never in my 12 years here, there ever, I never heard that. And I'm not talking about just my sights like, oh, look at, no, no. I'm talking about other good quality guys I work with. I have never heard a staffer say that, ever. Hey, we gonna get killed on this trip. I did the advance in Bagram Air Base in a war zone in Afghanistan. And not one staffer came up to me and was like, are we gonna get killed here? Not one. 'cause they knew we did our job. Embarrassing folks, I need your support.


Chris from Rumble is under this ruthless, relentless attack. The same people going after Elon. Folks have been going after Rumble. I'm asking you a personal favor here. If. you want to If you don't like ads on Rumble? I understand Rumble Premium is an option for you. I'm a subscriber. I love it. It's the ad free version of our platform. It's at Rumble Premium. And also, please get off the cloud, go to Rumble Cloud so you don't have to worry about being canceled, especially by AWS and these Amazon type companies. Rumble needs your support. I'm an investor there. Disclosure, I think you know that. But I'm a believer in Chris. More importantly, it's not a money thing for me. It's a parallel economy thing. Rumble Premium. Rumble Cloud, they're there for you. We would love to have you your call, don. Don't get pushy about it. you know, don don't mention a lot. But Chris is a good guy, man. He's the best tech guy out there and he's, he's had so many opportunities for people to kind of try to buy him off and he just constantly gives him the middle finger. He's a free speech guy. Always has been. We'd love to have you download the Rumble app. It's free, or If you wanna watch everyDay@elevenamrumble.com slash bino. We would absolutely love to have you that for part's free as far, for Forge, forge P, that part's free. You can just check us out every day at 11:00 AM Join the live chat. We have a good time there. Join the mc Growing Crew. They love you. They'd Love to have you also download the show and follow us on Apple and Spotify. We'd really appreciate it.


Thanks so much folks. Tough show today, but a necessary one. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a little bit, and back here tomorrow, Friday at 11:00 AM Live. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino, Show.