
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. So how about that Yesterday? Listen guys, I don't like to, there's no shit talking on this show, okay? I, I say all the time. Talk is great. It, it's nothing wrong with talking, but if talking doesn't motivate action, it's action that changes the world, right? Right, right. Talk, talk is a part of that. Inspirational speeches. You give an inspirational speech at halftime, the team goes out and wins the game. Maybe the talk had something to do with it, but ultimately you have to go on the darn field and played a damn game, right? So I said to you, I was willing more than willing to be a part of any effort to get to the bottom of what happened with the Secret Service and the failures, because there's too much at stake if it, the Secret Service is not fixed.


I'm glad many of you enjoyed the show yesterday. We traveled up to DC Thank you to Justin and gui. You came with me. We're back. We got back last night, not that late. And now we're ready to roll. Cover what happened yesterday and a lot more. I mean, just a nuclear Facebook story again, guys, what's our record on conspiracy theories? Anybody know batting averages close to a thousand, I'm gonna say. 'cause there may be, there's still maybe one straggler. What did we tell you? Facebook helped steal the election. Now Facebook is admitting, admitting we helped steal the election in 2020.


Thank you Beam's. Labor Day Sale is here. Has never been a better time to finally try Beam's Dream Powder, get some sleep. Find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


Welcome to the show. Today I got some coverage in my opening statement, which some of you may have missed. You saw my hour and 40 minute Rumble show. However, the actual hearing was on C-Span and Rumble and elsewhere. We did not take that live because that was their feed. And, we didn't wanna take it. But. I'm gonna show you a piece of it. Thank you to everyone who made my opening statement go viral yesterday. I appreciate it. And. I. Just want to get to the truth. Hey, I'm a proud American. If you come after me and my family, I'm gonna be ready. I'm prepared.


I use My, Patriot Supply. The Omega-3 month emergency food kit comes jam packed with 33 varieties of filling and delicious foods. Not only like foods, like creamy chicken flavored rice, old fashioned Italian spaghetti and savory cheesy broccoli soup. But you'll also get a bonus protein kit with diced beef, flavorful chicken chunks, and three varieties of beans, plus nine different fruits, vegetables and snacks to stay well fed with a whopping 2,500 calories per day to keep you well fed in an emergency ready for anything. It's your solemn duty to protect yourself and your family. You wait for the government. You're gonna be sitting on food lines and starving. It starts with the food from My Patriot Supply. It lasts up to 25 years. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com right now. Save $300 on your mega three month emergency food kit. It ships fast and it ships free. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com to save $300 on your food kit. Do it today, My Patriot Supply dot com.


Alright fellas, let's get this show. Some of the bell is back. He told me yesterday during the hour and 40 minute special with these, with the congressman who did a great job that they, the intro just randomly ran in the middle. I didn't hear that, but it's good to get it back. It's kind of weird to start the show without my like, you know, it's a, it's like accuse my brain. We gotta routine go folks. Did you notice By the way before I get to the hearing yesterday that, are you, any of you guys follow Marvel stuff? you know the X-Men? You ever see that character mystique? Rebecca Romaine played her in the early X-Men movies. Mystique can become anything to anyone. Mystique is like goes are the Gian from Ghostbusters.


Like whatever mystique wants to be, she can. She wants to transform into like Justin or so she can look like Justin. That's Kamala Harris. You believe it? Kamala Harris wants to build the wall. Now, Kamala Harris is the most incredible And I. Don't say that in a positive way. Make no mistake candidate have ever seen. She's actually running against herself. It's the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Everything I did in San Francisco as a prosecutor in California, I'm running against it. Omics, running against that too. Build the wall. Maga, this is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. No tax on Tips, steals it from Donald Trump. No tax on Social Security steals it from Donald Trump.


She's mystique. She's mystique. you know the blue character with the red hair? That's her. She transforms it to anything. Anytime I get to that today and tomorrow, I want to get to yesterday. Thank you all for watching. Sincerely, folks, we had 200,000, well 199 and be precise, but what the hell? We'll round up. We had 200,000 people yesterday on the live stream watching my special thank you to the Heritage Foundation for giving us the space. Kevin Robertson, the crew. We deeply appreciate it. The studio was amazing. And, we had these excellent congressmen and Mark Morgan, former acting CBP Commissioner and FBI agent himself. Just blowing the cover off this stuff. There was a lot of stuff that came out yesterday. You can watch the whole show.


So I'm obviously not gonna recap the whole thing, but there was one particular thing I found out yesterday from Congressman Eli Cra, Eli Crane, who was a Special Forces operator himself that I found pretty stunning that I had not heard folks. I don't know everything. I'm not like when he's radio host. Oh, I know everything. I, I don't, I hate that stuff. We're not doing that here. I know a lot. I've got good whistleblowers, But I. Don't know everything. I'm gonna get to that in a second. But my opening statement in front of the congressional hearing at Heritage with the group yesterday went pretty viral. Thanks to you. I appreciate it. I wasn't, you know, trying to make anything viral. I was just trying to speak the truth. Here's a portion of it. It's only about a minute, 30 or so, But I called out three specific problems with the Secret Service.


If you wanna fix this, write these down folks. This is important. Their technical problems, their adage is yesterday's technology tomorrow. They cannot keep up with technology because they don't want want to. They just don't want to. That's why. And that's how they got outsmarted by a 20-year-old with a drone. Second, they have this more with less attitude. They don't do more with less. They do less with less. I described that here. And finally, why the Secret Service is still doing criminal investigations and not exclusively protection is a mystery to any rational actor out there, given the litany of failings they've had over the last few years. Here's me talking about the more with less stuff in a tech problems.


It's about a minute and 30. This thing won Nuclear. Thanks to you. Appreciate it. Check it out. First they have a technology problem. The joke in the Secret Service, which is sadly no longer funny when I was there and it wasn't funny then either, is they rely on yesterday's technology tomorrow. Think about that. Yesterday's technology tomorrow. Everything from computer systems at Waste Agents times, filling out time and attendance records they were doing to Congressman Crane, And I, discussing the fact that they only implemented slings a technology as old as the wheel about don don't know, five or six years into my time in the Secret Service, which is embarrassing. The weaponry was old, everything was old.


These are things I would've talked about sooner if they didn't create a security crisis. And I obviously didn't want to air them publicly. Now you're seeing what happens when you don't have a drone up at a site you could have bought for 39 99 on Amazon. Second, another adage in the Secret Service you've heard even the new acting director discuss is the more with less approach, there is no more with less. There's less with less. Okay? There, there. Secret Service, more with less approach only works if you produce more. That's how Capitalism works. You produce a flat screen tv, that was probably 20 years ago, $10,000. It's 200 bucks at Walmart. Now they produce a better TV with less. That's not what the Secret Service did. They produced less with more.


They were given more money and produce less a 20-year-old criminal outsmarted them on a $40 drone technology piece of device. You're telling me that's more with less. It's disgusting. If you wanna watch the whole thing, it's on my Instagram. I'm at Dino, it's also on my Twitter account also at Dino. Try to keep it consistent. And I saw a couple people in the chat. They said, what's up with Eric Prince next to you? The founder of Blackwater, a former Navy Seal himself. They say he looks a little uptight. you know, he's not uptight and that camera angle, you're not really seeing what was going on. I, I got a lot of this yesterday. Eric And I are friends. We've known each other a long time. I mean, we're not like coffee buddies, but we know who, there's no there, there's, there's no negative feelings between us at all.


There were, if you look at the screen, there were only two microphones. There wasn't one for each of us. So the microphone for me and Eric was situated between us. So you can't really see for, you'll see what I'm saying. It's only two microphones, but three of us. So I'm actually leaning towards Eric and, you know, guy Zones, you know, so Eric's, he's not uptight. He's just, you don't know him. That's why I, I should have explained that yesterday. 'cause a lot of people on Twitter commented on what is Eric looks so up, he look so uncomfortable with Dan Sank. Not at all. Not at all. Eric's a good guy. Had nothing to do with it at all. So let me explain that. But what I said there matters spread that around folks. The Secret Service did not produce more with less. They produced less with more. Their budget went up and they kept failing the grenade attack.


They had the issue in Atlanta with Bo with Obama in the elevator. They, the failures keep adding up. They're not producing more or less, they're producing less with more money. The technology problem, why they're doing criminal investigations is ridiculous. Again, thank you for making that go viral. This happened yesterday to whoever, this is a little tidbit I did not know. Congressman Eli Crane, former Fresh Special Forces, really good guy. He's on my show. And I encourage you to watch the whole thing. Yesterday. It, it got well over a million views on Rumble yesterday before we were on the plane back home. I'm looking at Justin, it was five o'clock. The thing had 1,000,100 thousand views already on Rumble.


Watch the whole thing. There's some damning information about the water tower. There's some information about a second shooter. There's some different theories about that, and that's why we had the panel. But there was also this part where Eli Crane talks about the explosives I had initially heard. They were basic, nothing that advanced, that's not what he heard. This adds a whole nother layer on the, who the hell was the shooter working with Angle. Listen to this. One of the gentlemen who's coming in to talk with us today, Ben Schafer, he was one of the counter counter sniper guys here. He was telling me that the, the explosives, he was talking to some of the guys, the local guys, the EOD guys that looked at the explosives, did reports on the explosives to Corey's points, said that these explosives and the, the pictures that I saw of the explos, these explosives, Dan, where they were built in ammo cans, but they were, they were actually pretty advanced from guys that have, you know, years and years of experience who come across explosives all the time.


Homemade explosives. Say, Hey, we're actually really surprised at the complexity of these explosives, which leads, you know, a rational thinker to believe that this 20-year-old kid with no military experience, you know, with no, you know, history online or history that's been scrubbed and wiped, you know, might've been getting help. Folks, who the hell was this guy working with? Pacino? Can you get on the case? Just a quickie poll in the chat. Does anybody seriously believe in this point after this? Hold on, let me just lay out the case. Just don't, don't, don't respond. Don't respond yet until you, even though you may have already a hard opinion on this, let me make the case to you quickly.


The body's already been cremated, which is bizarre considering the level of activity and, and then the gravity of the situation that this guy Crooks was involved in murdering someone, shooting three others, including President Trump body's cremated and the locals apparently don't even know about it. The social media history, nobody's seen anything. Now we're finding out there's an account. But the language under the social media account, did you guys hear this is apparently that of someone way above the, this guy's age when it was started. So they think he may have been sharing it with the father. The father now has this like super high-end attorney outta Pittsburgh, who's one of the nation's best criminal defense lawyers. Where the hell they getting money for that?


The FBI's not really saying much. The secret service isn't saying much, and the story's disappeared into the phantom zone of the media. Now, Bino, do you really believe this guy was acting alone? Yes, I do. No, I don't. Why? Or an n folks, I'm sorry. It's not plausible. This guy built some rather sophisticated bombs with a remote detonator that we now know work. Now Michael Walls, who's a congressman outta Florida Green Beret, and really he's not known as like a flame thrower type guy. Walls himself. A green beret, like, I'm gonna take his opinion on the construction of explosives over a doctor or lawyer or an HVAC guy, because this is what these guys do.


Green Berets, they, they teach other militaries how to deal with this stuff. Even he's saying the level of sophistication with the explosives devices is way beyond the capacity of this kid. He must have had some help. Why are they trying to make this thing go away folks? Somebody was incentivizing this guy to do this. Was it a foreign actor through a proxy? Folks don don't know, but the, the, the oddities in this case are adding up. And, I want you to remember this? I said this yesterday. I'm gonna show you this. I'm gonna show you a CNN story next. Now, why am I using CNN? you know, my theory on this, folks lefties love to tell you.


Everything's a conspiracy theory. So if you're gonna say that I'm gonna bait your own people in, if this is all a big conspiracy theory, he was acting alone and there was no malice on the secret services behalf, then CNN's part of the conspiracy too. And you shouldn't believe them either. And put the article up. What the hell? CNN forgotten radios and missed warnings. New details emerge about communication failures before the Trump rally shooting folks, they didn't even pick up the local radios. The secret service didn't pick up the local radios that were left with them. They didn't even pick them up to use them. If they would've just picked up the radio.


I mean like actually physically picked it up and carried it. They would've heard for an over an hour that they were tracking crooks and they would've done something about it. Someone asked me this yesterday. I think it was Congressman Gates, forgive me if I'm getting this wrong. If it's one thing they, no, it was Roy Congressman Roy. He said to me, Dan, do you attribute this to incompetence? And he went through a litany of stuff. If it was one thing, like one guy forgot his radio and it just happened to be an anomaly, this guy slips through this hole in the fence. He's got a ninja suit on, on a black roof.


You're like, gross incompetence. People should still be fired. but it was incompetence. Folks, I said this yesterday, I want you to remember this. Layered incompetence is intent. Wait, I'm not trying to be Robert Frost here with poetry. This matters. I'll give you an example I gave yesterday in the hearing in case you missed it. Parents got a kid, it's a terrible parent. The parents drunk was drinking drives to a whatever, target or whatever leaves the car in the parking lot. It's 97 degrees. Parents drunk winds up making it, doesn't get into an accident. Forgets the kid in a car at 97 degrees. Locksmith realizes the kid's in the car an hour later runs out and the kid dies.


Did they intend to kill the kid? No, they didn't. However, the layers of incompetence and malice, we didn't do this. And then she did this and then the mom did this and it in criminal court. That's that, that's basically layered into a package of criminal intent based on a series of malicious acts before that were so egregious. We're getting to the point here with the Secret Service case. The no CS teams counters, sniper teams, no CSU teams ignoring the locals radio traffic for over an hour and a half, letting 'em climb on the roof, letting them climb on the roof, and nobody notices them shooting at 'em, not getting 'em off the stage in time, putting them in the XI mean the, the, the, the levels of crazy here are just, wow, 97%.


That is a lot. So most of you agree with me. This is at this point this guy was probably not working alone. And then nobody catches this guy surveilling the site for multiple days turning down the drone. We're at the point right now. I think you, many of you agree with me, we're at the point right now of potentially criminal negligence. I don't know any, I don't don don't know any other rational way to see this. Folks. If I had done a site like this, which I would've never done, I had a book, I would love to bring it. Maybe I will. I won't show you any 'cause don don't want to give away any security secrets. But if I can, can you guys remind me of this tomorrow I'm gonna bring my book when I was an agent. You guys cool with this?


I'm not gonna show anything, don't worry. Secret service gets me. but it has what I have in there called Go bys. It's like this thick, right? It's a file folder and it's everything layered out what you do for snipers, tactical stuff, medical stuff. And it's a history of like my site stuff and what I did and things like that. This kind of stuff is, this is the stuff that you, that I used to go through at every site, checking through boxes. And, I would print them over and over again to make sure I did every single thing. Everything. It's like this thick. You don't do this, you just don't. Did you not have a go by? That's what we called 'em. It said get aerial support at the site.


Get a local drone. Disgusting. And before I take a break, this is really important too. Yesterday, given that we were doing the hearing, I addressed this. But I did not have time to adequately put this out there. Queue up that Kamala clip for me, ladies and gentlemen. Yesterday was the anniversary of the 13 Military Heroes Marines dying at Abbey Gate in Afghanistan to the military, men and women who watch this show. I want you to know you have a special place on this show. I want you to understand that my bino army So, we use the term army. Just, you know, it's, it's, it's nothing.


Now you guys are right up here and women out there who serve, we love you on this show. I know the groins, the army. We all, we can unanimously say in the chat, thank you for your service and to these heroes who died, they deserve to be recognized And. I'm gonna tell you something. This clip is disgusting. This woman should be disqualified for running for president on this clip alone after Biden and By the way I did not want a long-term presence in Afghanistan. I wanna be clear on that for precision. However, pulling out of Bagram the way he did was the single dumbest military decision in modern American history. And I believe led Putin to invade China, excuse me, Ukraine and China to start aggravating their posture there on, on Taiwan too.


Here's Kamala Harris. She agreed with the decision. Matter of fact, she was the last one in the room. Don't listen to me, listen to her. Check this out. Just made A really big decision. Afghanistan. Yes. Were you the last person in the room? Yes. And you feel comfortable? I do. And And I. And I'm gonna add to that. This is a president who has an extraordinary amount of courage. Courage. He got 13 people killed despite the fact that they had pre-op intel on an attack at that gate. Because he cowardly.


He cowardly. And he cowardly made the decision to pull chalks in a backwards fashion, given up a defendable military base in Bagram and allowing the city to fall. And 13 of our finest are dead, dead, never to be seen again. And don't ever forget their memories. I wish I could have done more on that yesterday rather than just saying it. And I'm sorry, but we had this, the hearing and it was But. I was not gonna forego the opportunity today. All right, I got a lot more ahead. I hope you didn't think I forgot about the arrest. The arrest. What? You got arrested? No, I didn't get arrested. Not yet. If we lose this election, By the way. Justin, you're not graduating. They're gonna lock you up too. Everyone's going to jail.


Gee. Justin, Michael Avita, Jim, Mike, Paula, Lucy, Amelia, Isabelle. We're all going to jail because like, do we get to go to the same spot? I don't think So. we show. I go, I'll do a jail show the arrest of the telegram. CEO. This is a big deal. It's not just about a social media platform. This is a huge deal. Stay tuned and get to that next.


Hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? You heard 'em at the beginning of the show, Beam. Listen, sleep's not just about feeling tired the next day when you miss it, it takes a really nasty toll on your body. Look it up. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a big discount on Beam's Dream Powder. Their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids cause that next day grogginess, that's no good dream, contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, l-theanine, apogen and melatonin helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up nice and refreshed. You wanna try it? Beam's bestselling dream powder beam's. Now offering Bonino Show listeners a big discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEAM, shop b eam.com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Check it out today.


Okay, back to the show folks. The arrest of the telegram, CO paval der, is a huge deal. Telegram, for those of you don, don't wanna assume, forgive me for those of you already know very quickly, telegram is basically a micro blog type app. It's like a Facebook, Twitter kind of app. You can post, you can post pictures. There's ways to post other products on there. I think video as well. I, I have a telegram. I don't advertise it too much because people are scamming people with fake telegrams. But, I am on there. I use it. I, I like the app very much. And Telegram is one of those companies that is in the free exper expression space.


They have not cooperated with most attempts to censor people. Okay? So Telegram has become an enemy of the state. Remember, if you don't censor for the state Rumble X Telegram, you are an enemy of this state. We are now living in a socialist world dominated by socialist, anti-free speech activist, period. Full stop Peru. Folks, I'm really worried this war on democracy is heating up now that Donald Trump is starting to pull ahead in the polls and the fake Kamala AstroTurf phenomenon is worn off you. I promise you wait for something big. We, something big is gonna happen. And by big I mean bad. listen to me, please.


I, I shouldn't, I don't know what it is. So I feel bad saying this. But I know most of you agree with me. They are not going to let Trump win this thing cleanly. We are going to have to swarm this thing. It's the only option we're gonna have to take the Venezuela approach where people show up and swarm the damn thing. So the evidence is overwhelming that we won. I wish I had a better answer for you. I wish with my heart and soul, I do not. These people are crazy. We are dealing with straight up lunatics. Kamala Harris is worse than Joe Biden. She's an actual socialist biden's, a fake socialist who fell pressure to the, the, the A OC wing of the party.


We're gonna have to swarm this thing. Merrick Garland is already, did you see this clip? I'm gonna get to Pav in a second. But did you see this clip from the attorney General Merrick Garland? He is already sending out little flares. If you dare speak up about the election and you see anything, you're gonna suffer the same fate of the January 6th insurrectionist. You see how important this insurrection narrative is to them? It justifies stuff like this, which should send a chill down everybody's back. Check this out, Last January 6th, the coming January 6th and every January 6th after that. I wanna make clear to anybody who is thinking about interfering with that.


They can see what we've done with respect to the January 6th. Prosecutions and Justice Department will continue to protect our democracy. You see how important the January 6th insurrection narrative is to them? All it is, it's not real. Folks got outta hand with things that shouldn't have happened. It was nothing close to an insurrection. It's a ridiculous hyperbole. But they won't give it up. They don't wanna talk about President Trump getting shot in the head in a murder scene. But the insurrection narrative, I promise we'll never die. It's for, for a tactical reason. I hope I'm explaining this right.


The media wants to steal this election. Again, ag again, they need some justification. Why? Damn, why would they care about justification? Because they know that not everyone in America is crazy. So whatever we wanna call 'em the normies or whatever, people don't really follow politics every day. But believe the first thing they see on TikTok or Snapchat. If Merrick Garland can go out there and go, this is watch, here's what's gonna happen. He'll say something like, we're getting wind of another insurrection type riot. We had to crack down. And conveniently you see a hundred Republican activists who had nothing to do with a riot or insurrection in handcuffs, people will believe it.


Not all, not you, but other people will. They have to keep this thing alive. So then when they arrest people like Paval from Telegram, the CEO which happened in France, not Russia, By the way France. This happened in France, a supposed democracy. Now they have their justification for it. I want you to look at this tweet by the great Mike Ben. He's talking about NATO nafo. They're swar that the swarm army of NATO accounts are unanimously celebrating the arrest of the Telegram founder as a means to put total control of telegrams backend in NATO's hands. You're telling me you think NATO didn't back channel his arrest with the French government?


Bens is all over this. These NATO bot accounts, everyone's celebrating this. There cannot be any populist MAGA movement, anything like it anywhere around the world. The Old Boys Club, the NATOs, the Defense industrial complex, the establishment, they have got to win. If they don't win, they're gonna put people in jail who are are against them. Here is Ben's on Newsmax, Mike Ben's great account to follow. Again, explaining beautifully the role of Telegram in populous movements like the MAGA movement around the world, not just here. And why groups like NATO and these old school, old boys clubs really hated telegram and had to crack down right before the election.


Check this out. NATO countries have been trying to get their hands over control over Telegram for many years. Now, there's only two games in town when it comes to ubiquitous usage of end-to-end encrypted chat. And those are WhatsApp and Telegram, which are both are able to simulate the kind of size of a Facebook group to coordinate social movements and political action and even military action, but have the benefit of encrypted chat. But WhatsApp is attached to Facebook, so it's a large surface of attack. So the US government and NATO countries were able to bring Facebook to its knees to effectively neuter much of the protections that WhatsApp used to offer. But Telegram is held out because it's on its own pirate ship with Pavel being in Dubai.


And it is an instrument of US statecraft. We use Telegram as a means to try to overthrow the government of Belarus in 2020 with the State Department funding the street riots and funding all the owners of the major Telegram channels. 26 US NGOs actually lobbied in 2018 Russia to keep telegram open. When Russia was thinking of banning telegram, they called it a human rights violation that Russia might censor Telegram. but that was because the State Department and the CIA were backing dissident movements like Alexi Navalny in coordinating street protests using Telegram. So they don't wanna kill Telegram. They want to use this prosecution to bring AVL to his knees so that he turns over the backend and then they get to use the craft.


In addition to the content moderation, they get all the encrypted communications of everyone in Russia who's using it, which is most of Russia. Folks, they wanted two things outta this. Let's sum up what Ben's just said very eloquently. First, they needed to use Telegram to censor any kind of countervailing opinions and populous movements including maga. In other words, to censor you, very simply stated, oh Telegram, you won't censor, you're the enemy. And second, they try to incorporate Telegram into their state craft activities to keep the establishment money flow going. If Telegram wasn't gonna play ball, then they're gonna go make sure they take it over and it becomes some deputized government entity.


You doubt me. I've got the CEO with Tucker coming up next talking about how they tried to hire Telegram engineers. Why do you think the government that is, why do you think they wanted them? The same reason they hired a bunch of people at Twitter, pre Elon and a Facebook, a bunch of former government Intel people. If you can't beat him, join him. And why was Donald Trump such an enemy to nato? Anyone in the Chato? Because he was the first president in decades who not suggested but but pushed it that if we are going to defend you as part of a NATO alliance country due to Article five, the United States, we're gonna go to war for you, then damn well you're gonna fund your military too.


And they hated it. Now they're trying to shut us down. Scary stuff. Don't go anywhere. Listen to the last break, the CEO of Telegram telling Tucker exactly this. If they couldn't censor Telegram, they were gonna join it. Whether they wanted it or not.


Hey guys, you're not getting any younger. You gotta work out. We know the effects of weightlifting and strength training. It's not just about cardio, but a lot of you don't have time to go to the gym. I don't. I'm gonna tell you why I wind up getting sidetracked with a bunch of conversations. 'cause I love talking politics with people. I never get home. So I have a gym in my house and you know who built it for us. Jacked up fitness folks. I can't say enough about this company. I am so happy I'm gonna have some pictures for you coming soon. Gym's almost done. Wait till you see this machine. It is fantastic. you know those all in ones in the past, you could do this, you can and nothing. This machine is probably the best machine ever. Not only is it one of these like multipurpose machines with the weight stacks where you can do pull downs, you can do cable flies, you can do bench press, you can do pull-ups, you can do hangs. I hang And I I you can do abs on it. I mean it's an amazing machine. There's a preacher curl attachment. It's all smooth. These guys donate a lot to the Wounded Warrior Project. They made a a million dollar value donation of equipment. So if you're looking to take charge of your health and buy from a company helps support veterans that loves America, order your gym today. Go. Go check it out. It's all I'm asking. Here's the website, get jacked up.com, get jacked up.com. The equipment is amazing. I'm gonna have some videos up too. I'm gonna show you. This is, it's not to show you me working out, it's to show the equipment how good this is. 'cause I really love companies that love America. I want to help 'em out. I wanna make sure you guys get in shape too. Exclusive promo code for my listeners too. You want 10% off? Do it today. Check 'em out@getjackedup.com. That's get jacked up.com. Amazing company. Thank you don. He's a really good guy.


And our last sponsor today, COIN, listen, one of the biggest questions I get from the listeners is, Hey, how do I help grow the parallel economy in the conservative fight? Well, you gotta know where your dollars are going. A lot of these credit card companies are funneling millions to left wing causes and candidates and they hope you don't notice. But now you have a choice. COIN, C-O-I-G-N is America's conservative credit card. Find them at COI gn.com. With every transaction you can help COIN advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. COIN empowers us to take back our country with every swipe and it's a great looking credit card you love using it's bright red. With we the people on the front. COIN works everywhere. Visa's accepted comes with a 100% US based customer service and, and, and consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the Lib agenda today. Apply now at COIN dot com. At COI gn.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino and the how did you hear about a section terms apply. Go to COIN dot com slash disclosure for full details. Thanks COIN.


Okay, getting back to this. So again, governments around the world need to fight populist movements. Populist movements take back their governments from the swamp. That's why they're populous movements. They're based on popular causes, like not being subjugated by the government. The MAGA movement folks is just one of them. It's a small sliver. You've had Bolsonaro in Brazil. They don't like Orban. They hate a lot of these people around the world. I'm not vouching or not vouching for him. I'm just telling you there's the old school establishment boys clubs, and then there's people like the MAGA movement. Donald Trump goes, why are we paying for nato? Why? Why isn't everyone else paying too? Telegram didn't play ball so they wanted to censor it.


Or if you can't beat him, join him. Listen to the CEO. Tell Tucker exactly that. Check this out. We got too much attention from the the FBI, the security agencies wherever we came to the us. So to give you an example, last time I was in in the US I brought an engineer that is working for Telegram and there was an attempt to secretly hire my engineer behind my back by cyber security of officers or agents wherever they ac called The US government should to hire your engineer. That's my understanding. That's what he told me to Write code for them or to break into Telegram.


They were curious to learn which open source libraries are integrated to the telegrams app, you know, on the client side. And they were trying to persuade him to use certain open source tools that he would then integrate into the telegrams code. That, in my understanding, would serve as back doors, Would allow the US government to spy on people who use Telegram, The US government to maybe any other government. Because a backdoor is a backdoor regardless of who is using it. That's right. Michael brings up a good point. He still hasn't matched Donald Trump with the fake charges.


Lovely. He needs like a hundred more, even like beyond Trump's level. I mean, this is how insane this is. It's, it's really crazy that conservative activists and MAGA folks like you, And, I and populous leaders around the world have to worry about being shot or jailed. It's like we're living in Neanderthal times or something, something resembling that. This is crazy, but it's happening. you know, the CEO of Rumble is a friend of mine. I'm an investor in the company, Chris and the these guys are genuinely concerned folks, the easy thing to do, just so you know, I'm not saying it's obviously not the right thing. I wouldn't be investing in a parallel economy if I thought otherwise.


The easy thing to do is just go along to get along, be like, oh, we're gonna censor this and censor that. He refused to do it. The Rumble, CEO, Elon Paval, and you become the target of entire countries and state actors. It is unbelievable the trillions of dollars being spent to censor maga people in populace from speaking out. Now I wanna address the elephant in the room here, okay? This morning a huge story came out. Did you guys catch it? About Facebook and their, their CEO Mark Zuckerberg? It's 2024. Everybody knows Facebook was deeply involved in a massive effort to censor Covid information and to interfere in the 2020 election by censoring the Hunter Biden story.


We were all called conspiracy theorists when we pointed this out. Me as well. So all of a sudden this letter appears this morning where Zuckerberg, folks, I thought this was fake. I waited until I saw it on Newsmax Fox and 10 or 12 other credible ex accounts, ex Twitter, because I was, I'm like, there's no way this is real. It is. Here's a letter from Mark Zuckerberg at Meta Facebook. You could see right here admitting that in 2021, the Biden administration pressured Facebook to censor COVID-19 content. Now, I don't listen, I'm, I'm, I'm opening the chat to your opinion on this.


You guys chat away. That's why the chat's there. That's why I love a live show. Yeah, keep that second part up a second. However, don don't know about you. I'm, I'm pissed off. Other people were celebrating. Oh look, mark Zuckerberg, why didn't you say this years ago when the Supreme Court case about censorship was going on. Now, I mean, I'd rather have this statement than not, obviously, but it's a little late. I'm sorry. I'm not into golf collapse at this point. you know how many of my posts about COVID we're censored how we've been basically mini de platformed by Facebook. How Facebook dismantled crowd tangle a tool measuring Facebook reach when we were at the top because they didn't want anyone to know.


People liked our content. Look it up. Put in New York Times, Washington Post, Dan, Bonino, CrowdTangle. Look it up yourself. Facebook went to war with us. Now you're admitting you were pressured. Look at page two. Page two of the form. They admit that they were also pressured to remove Hunter Biden content about the laptop. Even though the story about the laptop being authentic was authentic. The 51 intelligence officials were full of crap. Now you're telling us you basically were involved in stealing the election. you know, I'm, I'm sorry guys. But I, I I, you may be. One of the things I like about this show is don don't wanna don don't wanna waste your time.


And, I. I prefer to give you an angle on a story. You're not gonna hear anywhere. Where else, if you do, fine, if you But I don't want you to waste your time here, you wanna know what I think's going on. Zuckerberg sees the writing on the wall, populist movements around the globe are fighting back in a rebellion against censorship and we're starting to win the explosive growth of Rumble. Elon becoming an ex, becoming a number one form for news distribution. The telegram guy gets arrested. If there's a global of people around the world fighting back against it, he sees Donald Trump tied or ahead of Kamala Harris in polls that unquestionably downgrade Trump's support.


He's gotta see the writing on the wall. He's on the wrong side of this. I warned him about this. He's got an older audience at Facebook too, and they're leaving Facebook. 'cause older voters largely tend to vote Republican or conservative or moderate Democrat. They don't wanna be censored by the guy they're giving free content to. I'd rather have this letter than not. But again, I'm sorry man, it's too late. You guys helped steal the election. You screwed me. I was one of your best customers. I was on that platform. I'm still there now because people vote and read that stuff. But, I don't post nearly or dedicate the time nearly as much as I used to on Facebook. I have a manager who does it, but that's it.


I used to post there myself. Now I blog on X. You wanna hear what I have to write? You gotta go to X or watch the show on Rumble. Unbelievable. What a scam folks. There's a crackdown coming. And I. Hope this arrest of the CEO of Telegram wakes up a lot of people. I know you don't need it. The Bonino army is well aware of what's going on. But, I, dunno what they call 'em again. Normies, And, I. don don't know. I hate these terms, but people who are out there who aren't woken up yet to what's really going on, this arrest of paval, the CEO of telegram, or him being detained, whatever you wanna call it in France, make no mistake, is a warning.


As Donald Trump starts creeping up more and more in the polls, this is gonna get hairier and hairier and Merrick Garland's, not kidding around. He is a tyrant full bore. And what's DHS involved with and all this is going on. Robbie Starbucks been doing amazing job, an amazing job exposing these ridiculous racist DEI agendas where they dump merit and they, they discriminate against people on skin color. He points out that DHS just put out its strategic plan for it. Guess what their number one goal is? You think it would be to stop censorship and protect free speech and like the constitution and stuff? No, their number one stated goal, advancing DEII Feel safe.


Michael feels safer right now. They're the Department of Homeland Security. Look at that. There's their memo right there. Thank you, Robbie, for your work. Stay on top of this stuff. You've been doing amazing work. You look at all these companies out there with these bs, DEI agendas being racist against people and judging 'em by their skin color. He's been exposing 'em. Folks, we got a campaign going on right now too. We got what? 70 days left. You realize North Carolina starts voting. I saw this the other day. I think it was September 6th. September 6th, that's like right around the corner. This is insane. The campaign is effectively almost over.


The election starts in just under a month where multiple states are gonna start early voting, get your vote in early, lock it in, and what do we do now? Folks in the chat, what's the word? What do we do now? We execute everybody is to go and get 10 people and make sure they vote. If you gotta drive them, drive them every day. Do you vote? You vote, you vote. Bug 'em to the tired of being annoyed, get 'em to vote and vote early. This campaign is getting ridiculous. We are running against mystique from the X-Men. Kamala Harris morphs into anything or anyone at any time and changes her mind on any issue, and almost no one in the media wants to hold it to account.


Here's the first thing. Look at this Axio story. Just two weeks ago. Screw that. Just a couple days ago, Kamala Harris was saying, Donald Trump should debate me. He agreed to a debate with Biden under these rules. So Donald Trump's like, okay, whatever. We'll debate now that she realizes she's struggling. Her campaign's getting smoked. Kamala Harris wants to change the rules again from the rules. She just said, Trump agreed to. Karis doesn't want bait. Mike's muted now. They're fighting over this apparently now she wants the microphone open. you know why? She wants to be able to do her her thing.


I'm speaking Val, I'm speaking. I'm speaking. We know you're speaking. The only time you're speaking ever is when you're speaking nonsense about yellow buses. You still have not debated, you're not speaking to anyone. That's what Trump should say in return. Oh, now you're speaking. That's fascinating because we've been asking you to speak for three freaking months and you've yet to open your mouth and now you're speaking. That should be his response. She's mystique from the X-Men. Gee, that's who she is. Mystique. She becomes anything at any time, and she does this thing, which is really starting to piss me off.


She does this thing where she has these radical positions, confiscatory, communist style taxation, massive, huge tax hikes, a government takeover of the healthcare system. you know, abortion up until the ninth month. She has these insane radical positions, open borders, shutting down immigration detention centers, and she never refutes them. Some anonymous staffer nobody knows anonymously goes to the press and goes, no, we heard that Kamala Harris is in fact not gonna open the border and the media reports on it. Kamala Harris is moderating.


I'm gonna tell you something. He our, our Olympic talking head dopes. Where, where's the chart? Do we have that? Jonathan Carl is rapidly me. He, we may have to put this guy in third place. It's a lot to displace Joy Reed at the top. I get that. But Jonathan Carl is, is such a hack and he's so whiny and pathetic and so obviously a left wing lunatic. Some of 'em hide it better. This guy's getting up there with Joy Reed type status. He is always engaged in some stupidity defending the left. I want you to watch this clip with Tom Cotton.


Great job, Senator Cotton. Just sticking it to this idiot saying, Kamala Harris hasn't said nothing of the sort, anonymous staffers are leaking this out. You idiots are reporting it. This is how you handle goons in the media. Like Carl, check this out and, And President Trump is gonna draw a sharp contrast with Kamala Harris, who has supported things like decriminalizing illegal immigration or giving taxpayer funded health insurance to illegal aliens or taking away health insurance on the job for 170 million Americans. Banning gas cars, confiscating firearms. These are all position. What do you mean taking away health insurance? What are you talking about? She said when she ran for president that she wants to eliminate private health insurance on the job. Well, 70 million Americans, John.


Yeah, I mean, I mean that that is not her position. Now she know. How do you know that's not her position? How do you know that's not her position? I mean, she, she says she no longer, she has not said that supports, she has not said that all. She has not said that. Okay, maybe anonymous aide on a Friday night have said that, but the re But the last thing that she said on this is not a wrap. This is how you handle guys like Jonathan Carl. He's not a journalist, folks, he's an activist. Don't ever call me a journalist. It's an insult, but caveat. Caveat, a buyer beware. Okay? If you're associated word journalist with speaker of facts, then I will take that mantle as a speaker of facts.


I have been right on all these stories. Jonathan Carl has been on the wrong side of just about every single significant story of the last few years. Why would you believe this guy? Oh, Kamala Harris has said no. She has not said that You are a liar. Tom Cotton is a hundred percent correct and to any Republican, listen to me. Start taking notes. Republican activists out there, any Republican going on tv, if this happens to you, you immediately stop the interview and do what he did. Oh, no. Kamala Harris hasn't said anything about, but what really play the tape.


Where is she said, where is she fully renounced that position? No, no, her, no. I wanna hear her say it. You said she said it. When did she say it? 'cause I can show you. When she said, we're gonna dump private insurances, she said, oh, well just get rid of it. Just get rid of, get rid of the whole thing. I can tell you when she wanted to scrap ice and build it up from the ground up a different organization, she said it. Stop getting baited. Good job by Senator Cotton. Wait to stick it to this guy. This guy's pathetic. You saw him with JD Vance last week too. He's an activist. You'll never see him go after Kamala Harris like that because she one, she doesn't do interviews and he's gonna kiss her ass.


You ever see this one? This is Kamala Harris mystique. That's all she is, folks. She's running on nothing. This is the Jerry Seinfeld Seinfeld show candidacy. The joke was, but that show was actually funny. It was a show about nothing. This campaign is about nothing. When she says something people don't like, an anonymous staffer goes out on Friday night and goes, oh no, no, she didn't say that. That was other kids. Here she is. You ever see this clip is hilarious? She's the joy candidate now. Joy, she finds joy, I guess, in inflation, open borders, street crime, a struggling economy, crap jobs, a fentanyl crisis, child sex trafficking.


That's her joy. This is Kamala Harris. You wanna vote for this? Watch this. Never Let anyone take your joy from you. I call myself a joyful warrior, right? Never let anyone take your joy from you. Tell you what folks, this is Kamala Harris. That's exactly who she is. She chin up, hops it out, go, Hey Joy, I'm the jerk, and you're supposed to vote for this. Every single thing she has done with Joe Biden, the last person in the room has gotten people killed or has destroyed your livelihood.


The reason you can't afford bacon and eggs, paper towels to fill your tank up. 13 people died. The border's open. Kids are dying from fentanyl. There's a public safety crisis in the country. There's a war in the Middle East and there's a war going on in Ukraine. It's precisely because of decisions made by the last person in the room and her cognitively impaired boss who she hid his cognitive condition. That's it. That's why she take care from me. That's all she's got. Do not let her escape her past. We've got 70 days to make this case. If I flip one voter today, this is worth it.


Here's JD Vance, who again, the more you like, the more you see him, the more you like him. I told you guys, this guy knows how to do, he'll do an interview with anyone anywhere, anytime. Not Kamala Harris, not tampon, Tim Walls, none of that. Here's JD Vance on the weekend. Shows, again, sticking this border issue right to Kamala as another hack journalist. Was it Kristen? We tries to give Kamala Harris an escape path out of being the border czar. She was the border czar. Biden said it. We've already played the videos for you. Check this out. Whatever the number is, that number for the record, they say it's closer to eight to 10 million. But I. Think there are reasons to think that DHS is underestimating whatever the real number is.


It's way too high, right? It's millions upon millions of illegal immigrants that have come in just since Kamala Harris became the border are a few years ago, the first thing she was put in charge of the root causes of migration. Well, the root causes of migration, I would say Kristen is the Kamala Harris refuses to do her job as borders are. Somebody should dial 9 1 1. He just bodied. Kristen, welcome right there. I love how he does it too. And he never has to raise his voice at all. He's like, yeah, the root cause of illegal migration. Kamala Harris being the border are not do her job. That's how it's done. That's how it's done. Oh, it's exactly how it's done. You pin that borders order to her from now till election day.


Everybody understand, I don't give orders. I'm not a general in this army. I'm just a foot soldier like you. However, we, we collectively, we must pin this to her because she owns it. Do not let her escape. And let me add this too. I didn't get to talk to you about the RFK junior endorsement last week because obviously the weekend happened and then the Monday show was up in DC yesterday. Folks, there is an easy, simple takeaway from all us. This is the only way you should be looking at the RFK thing. RFK Junior is liberal on a lot of issues. He, however, does have some crossover issues we agree with.


He is a big anti-censorship guy and this is how you should view it. I should just got that right away. There is no addition by subtraction in politics. There isn't. There's subtraction by subtraction, but there's no addition by subtraction. If RFK Jr and Tulsi, even though I don't agree with them on a lot of stuff, especially abortion, but if they wanna go out and endorse Donald Trump and say, well, I agree on this and those guys are communists, then we're gonna take it. If RFK wants to go out and and campaign with Trump across the country, have at it brother, we're welcome you, you're welcome to do it. Here he is on the weekend show saying exactly that. Check this out.


Campaigning actively. I the, I think President Trump is going to make a series of, of announcements about other democrats who are joining his campaign and you know, I want to, I wanna make America healthy again and so does President Trump. So Folks, if we have, if we agree with him on 20 or 30% of the stuff and he goes across the country and he speaks about these things in front of impressionable voters who may only agree with Trump on 10 or 15% of stuff, And, we get their vote. That's how the acquisition of power and the political process works. There is no addition by subtraction.


It isn't a thing. It is not a thing. We will take support wherever we can get it at this point. This is important. Tomorrow I have some more secret service stuff, folks. You know, I'm gonna leave it out till tomorrow. Just lemme just say this, just Watch tomorrow's show. don. Don't wanna say too much yet.


Just make sure you watch tomorrow's show. Okay, I've got some more stuff you can tell 'em. Stay tuned folks, please download the Rumble app, spread the word watch, yesterday's panel too on the Secret Service. Massive failure. We are not letting the story go. Not a chance in hell. No way know how. Download the Rumble app, rumble Premium. Also, if you don't like ads, I'm a member of Rumble Premium. Like you're an equity holder, you have, yeah, I gotta buy too, but very, it's very cost effective where you don't have to watch ads anymore. Rumble Premium, it's right there if you want it, you can always watch the show for free on rumble rumble.com slash bonino on your computer. Download the Rumble app if you would, and just follow my show, the Dan Bongino Show and please help us out on Apple and Spotify as well. You can always listen to the show there. Just click that follow button. It's all free. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM Eastern Time for the live stream tomorrow. See you then.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.