
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Haley. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry if you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley. I'll see you there. It's good Friday. I hope you're having a blessed one. Great to have you with me here today. Live on the podcast if you're watching on Rumble Rumble dot com slash VINCE. If you're listening to the audio podcast, always appreciate you joining in. We got a busy chat already firing up, Avita, just finishing another great show on Rumble.


Make sure to check out her show. Make sure to check out Halley's show each night at six o'clock. And again. Great, great, great to have you with us today. Boy, we've got a big show for you today, including that. I, I didn't realize that these Democrats could make it even dumber, even dumber. Chris Van Holland finally gets his conjugal visit that he's been craving all week with an MS 13 gangster in El Salvador. I'm gonna give you all of the latest on this breaking news as naive boe, the president of El Salvador clearly has the left number here and is playing them like a fiddle. I've got all of that coming up also. It is good Friday. I wanna reflect on the President's efforts to connect with Christians all across the country.


The New York Times is kind of upset about this. We'll, we'll get into the details there and I'm gonna introduce you to a father who is standing up for his daughter. A a man who has a, a high school girl who's competing in track and field competitions, but is now being sidelined because a boy is cheating in her sport. I've been calling on fathers to step up. One of them joins me today in a big way with a message to all the other fathers out there to see if we can fight back against this, this evil, evil trend in the United States of America. We've got a big show today. Stay with us for all of that. I've gotta thank the sponsors who make all of this possible.


As always, they just really are the best. These are great Americans.


With everything that's happening in the economy right now, it does feel like you can be walking on shaky ground prices have been stuck at a really high level, And it does seem like nothing is affordable anymore. You can thank Joe Biden for that. The government spending's been out of control And it hass been no wonder that many are relying on credit cards to cover the gaps. Credit card debt, of course, has skyrocketed. It's reached record levels and it's left A lot of people stressed out. If you're a homeowner, you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends over at American Financing can help you take control. They can help you access the equity that's inside your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people just like you are saving 800 bucks a month, plus they may close your loan in as little as 10 days. So don't let the chaos of the economy get the best of you. Call American financing now. It costs you nothing to get started, and you may actually delay two mortgage payments, giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. (888) 879-6460. That phone number is (888) 879-6460 American financing.net/ VINCE nmls 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


Real quick before we jump into everything that the ridiculous Chris Van Holland is doing now, I do wanna say, I I, I was hearing about this movie King of Kings. Are you guys familiar with this movie? Is the chat familiar with King of Kings? It's a movie from Angel Studios that is, is essentially, it's a, it's an animated film about the life of Christ as delivered through kind of a storytelling narrative. And it's really good for the kids. I, I hadn't seen this thing yet. My brother called me last weekend. He had just come outta the movie theater and it had this, it had a massive, massive opening last week in the, in the theaters.


I had a holy week and he calls me and he brought his three boys with him. He's got three young men, three young boys, and great my great nephews. They saw the movie. He called me instantly. He says, this movie's amazing. This movie's amazing. It was really, really good. And I was like, tell me about it. And he was telling me just how compelling it is, how entertaining it is, and how well done. So I had to see it. So I went, I, we, I was able with the family last night to watch the movie. We saw the film last night, and I'm just gonna tell you right up, right up front. It is perfect for, for every age, every age, including kind of all the, you know, all the things you might imagine, like kind of the the darker moments that the, the nailing to the cross.


All the elements that you're like, okay, how do they depict this? It's perfect for the kids. I'm telling you, it is really, really well done. And Angel Studios delivering yet another awesome film, the cast to this thing. Fellas, can you pull up the King of King's cast, by any chance? This, this shocked me. I I was kind of jaw dropping because Mark Hamill is a part of this. Mark Hamill is a hair on fire. Left-wing lunatic is a part of this. You have, you've got, yeah, Oscar Isaac, you've seen him in some of the Star Wars stuff. He, he plays Jesus in the film. In this film. He's the voice of Jesus. Pierce Brosnan is Pontius pilot. Look, mark Hamill is King Herod, he plays pretty evil character in the movie.


Really, really neat. And you can see Charles Dickens is the kind of the, the storyteller for the film. They use Charles Dickens as the character who tells the story to his son. And so his son is wandering through all of these scenes from Jesus' life. So if you're looking for something that is really, really good for the weekend to kind of bring it home for your kids, especially Holy Week and what it's all about, that movie, king of Kings can't recommend it enough. Really, really good. And So I enjoyed it. So I just wanted to let you know about that. That's King of Kings. That was pretty cool. And okay, so let's, let's dive right into what's going on with these democrats who are still trying to convince you that MS 13 is way more important than you are.


They, they love MS 13 guys. They love these gangsters, these murderers, these killers, these wife beaters. They're all over them. And last night we get this breaking news that this ridiculous effort by Chris Van Holland ended up paying off. I guess I don't even really know how you put that because it seems like it's really paying off for us. Take a look at this. Here is Chris Van Holland last night, courtesy of President Bucha of El Salvador. Check out these photos. Chris Van Holland got a chance to meet his, the guy he's been longing for. Kmar Abrego Garcia, as naive Boe says, miraculously risen from the death camps and torture.


He puts those in quotes 'cause it's ridiculous. Now, sipping margaritas with Senator Van Holland in the Tropical Paradise of El Salvador. Look at these guys. Look, just, just check out. Let me see if I can, I'm gonna give you a little bit more of a perspective on this photo. Look at this. Here is Chris Van Holland meeting in the lobby of his very fancy hotel with, with the MS 13 guy. It's a little hard to see here. I'll show you a closeup in a moment. But on this guy's arm, certainly you start, you see these arm tattoos he's got on his forearm also on his knuckles. He's got a tattoo, just dog gear. That for a moment, we'll get back to that knuckle tattoo in a moment and what that all could mean.


And you just see these images, look at these guys. They're, they're just, they're just hamming it up. They're just having a grand, a grand old time. They're sitting at the, at the restaurant, at the hotel at Tropical Paradise behind them. You know, you've got the MS 13 guy dressed in civilian clothing. He's got a Kansas City Chiefs hat on now, not the Chicago Bulls hat that he was captured in before as a gang, gang investigator said, yeah, he's definitely a part of MS 13. Look at the, the sugar rimmed salt rimmed glasses here with the cherry on top. How, what a nice, what a nice little meal they're having. There he is. There's, there's Chris Van Holland talking to the MS 13 guy across from him.


Presumably this guy, I think this guy might be an attorney, but he's also gotta be serving as a translator, right? Which is kind of interesting. He's talking, he keeps saying he's a Maryland man, but he needs a translator. Yeah. So that's what went down. And so bouquet shared all of this last night saying, look at him. He is miraculously risen out of these death camps. We've got him back, and now he's having margaritas with this Democrat, Senator Tropical Paradise El Salvador. Now, you know, you know that Van Holland thinks that this is a great photo op. And here's what you and I also know, this is a tremendous cell phone by this Democrat.


And this photo, the photo you're looking at right now, these photos will follow. And we're you and I are gonna make this happen. I, here's, here's what I'm asking. You. Do never let Chris Van Holland or the Democrats ever forget this? Never let them forget it. And not should they, should they never forget it. The American people should never forget these images. As Chris Van Holland is pawing across the dinner table to get close to the MS 13 guy. He took taxpayer money, he flew all the way to El Salvador. He was standing out on the street like some sort of Shakespearean lover who couldn't reach his beloved fighting day after day after day to finally get this conjugal visit with this guy.


And sure enough, it came through. He finally got it. And so here's our job. We are going to remind him of this every single day. For the rest of the time that we have the displeasure of having him a part of American politics going into these midterms, Democrats are going to have to live with this image because we are not going to let them forget it. That's what's happening here. This is remarkable. The, the gift that the Democrats have given us here, which is the exposition of their true love, which is chaos, which are criminals, Ms 13 gangsters importing them into the country.


It is wild what we're seeing now. The White House has responded to all of this. And, and so they, they, they had a great response to this. They shared the image of, look at this. They have the image here of Van Holland pawing his way across the table, reaching out, attempting to to touch the MS 13 gangster. He's gotta be a part of his life. And here is what they did. They posted a photo of President Trump reaching out to comfort. Pat Morin, Patty Morin, the mother of Rachel Morin, who was murdered by an illegal alien from El Salvador less than two years ago in Maryland.


That's really Chris Van Holland's constituent that woman right there. Patty Morin is actually Chris Van Holland's constituent. I talked to her yesterday on our national radio show, and I'm telling you the, the hell that she's been going through, having lost her daughter now compounded by the fact that her own democrat senator refuses to even acknowledge that she exists. And yesterday Patty told me that she's now on the receiving end of all sorts of violent threats and phone calls that are pouring into her from the left, which is attacking her for daring to speak up about the callous disregard of her state senator, the terrible behavior of the left.


And about speaking up about her daughter's murder at all the rape and murder of her child, Rachel Morin, who is herself, a mother of five kids, a grandmother to one now gone, Patty Moron speaking up on behalf of her entire family now being attacked by the left. Patty told me yesterday that authorities are investigating those threats to her and I hope they catch those bastards and they lock 'em up for what they're doing to this woman. Yeah, people, a lot of people pointing out in the chat, this is snapshots and sound bites. That's exactly right. Check out these snapshots, check out the snapshots here. So you get Patty Morin on the left being comforted by the president of the United States.


And then you get MS 13 gangster on the right, being comforted by Democrats. Senator Chris Van Holland, what did the White House say? We are not the same. We are not the same. Remarkable, absolutely remarkable. So a, a very, a very clear image here. This is the image, the one that you are staring at that needs to remain on the minds of American voters all the way through the midterms and beyond. That's it. And so as we look at this, we should, the, the the right should not make the mistake of skipping past this pretending like this is just a random episode and oh, let's move on to the next thing.


Nope. Let us, like you would, like you would with a dog, you take their face and you put it right towards the mess that they just created. You indicate to them that, that there's a problem here. And then we're gonna take the Democrats, we're gonna grab 'em by the nap of the neck and we're gonna put their face in this all the way through these elections because they deserve the consequences of this. They really do. It's a big time. This is, this is very big time. So here's the other piece here. Boule knows exactly what he's doing. Boule knows exactly what he's doing here, working alongside President Trump. Here is one thing lemme share with you. This is one of B's other remarks here on the subject.


He says, he posted right after he shared this photo. I love chess. I love chess. He said, and, and one of the ways that he knows he loves chess here is that he said about creating some of the specifics from that photo you saw in the restaurant. According to the New York Times, this is hilarious. The, it was bouquets office that placed the glasses with the cherries in front of these guys, inside of the, inside of the, the restaurant. Take a look at this. Here's here's the New York Times reporting on this subject this morning.


Here we go. Watch Mr. Bcae in a social media post. Even Crow that Kmar, Abrego Garcia miraculously risen from the death camps in torture. It was now sipping margaritas with Senator Van Holland in the tropical paradise of El Salvador. But according to a person familiar with the situation, Abu Aid placed the two glasses with the cherries and the salted rims on the table in front of Mr. Van Holland and Mr. Abrego Garcia in the middle of their meaning in an attempt to stage the photo well, mission accomplished, baby, mission accomplished. So what Kinley is doing here is saying, okay, go ahead, have your little meeting.


We're gonna make it nice and fancy for you and we're gonna emphasize just how much you are pa pining. After this MS 13 guy, we'll even put the cherry on top, literally boule thinking this through. It's really an amazing move. And this is the best possible outcome. I adore this. It's not merely to stop him from seeing Abrego Garcia, which they were doing in the first place yesterday. You had Chris Van Holland standing out on the street like a lunatic going, the guards are stopping me. I can't see my beloved. Take a look at thi this cut. I've got, I've got a cut here for you. Cut three. The guards blocking Chris Van Holland earlier in the day from seeing his favorite MS 13 gangster.


Look, Today's purpose was just to see what his health condition is. And these soldiers were ordered to prevent us from going any farther from this spot. I understand we're about three kilometers now from Sea Cot, and as you can see, they're letting other cars go by. But they stopped us because they're under orders not to allow us to proceed to check on the wellbeing of Kmar Abrego Garcia. The wellbeing is so pathetic, so pathetic, completely dedicated to a, an illegal alien foreign national who's an MS 13 gang member who's been punching his wife in the face and also is guilty of human trafficking.


You see the reports on this. The guy, the guy got caught, he got pulled over with a car full of people, human trafficking and amazing. And, and, and the cops, the Department of Homeland Security has all this information. The government has all of this information. And of course, Chris Van Holland ludicrously oversees now in El Salvador trying to, trying to rescue this guy. The Department of Security confirmed yesterday, the daily caller, that this MS 13 guy was stopped on suspicion of human trafficking. They confirmed that Kmar Abrego Garcia was stopped in December of 2022. During the December 1st, 2022 traffic stop by a Tennessee Highway Patrol officer.


Abrego Garcia was found to be transporting eight passengers across the country. Sources telling the Tennessee Star, he allegedly didn't have a valid driver's license. So no driver's license driving eight people in a vehicle. He was suspected of trafficking the passengers, but he was apparently let go at the request of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Let me just remind you of the time here. This is December, 2022. He was let go while quite obviously human trafficking people across the country, eight of them at the request of the Federal Bureau of Investigation that's under President Biden, that that occurred. So the Biden administration not only was bringing people into the country, they were actively aiding and abetting further human trafficking deeper into the country, including by MS 13 gangsters.


Now, in the photos that we just got from President Bouquet, something very interesting is going on with this guy's fist. The tattoos on this guy's fist. Look here. Connie coa the great sharing a closer look here. The fist itself, let's see if you can see this. I'll try and bring it a little closer to you on, on the, on the video chat here, you can see it, it looks like a marijuana leaf. And then it's a little hard to see, even for me where I'm sitting right now. And then it looks like a smiley face. Then it looks like either a cross or a, or a just a standing item of some kind. And then some sort of skull is on that pinky finger, But it does have the shape of kind of a three.


Yeah, thanks fella. Zooming in on that for me. So this is what we're looking at now, marijuana, smiley face. That starts us off, Ms. What are the, what's the final move here? Is that a one? Is that a three? MS 13? Look, if you've got tattoos all over your knuckles and up your arm and you know you're caught wearing your Chicago Bulls gear and everyone around you is MS 13 and you have MS 13 informants saying, yeah, you're a ranking member. I don know how much more clear we can be. But Connie coa points out here, M for marijuana, s for a smiley face, one as the cross, and then three disguised as a skull. MS 13, he says, I'm sure it's just another coincidence, like the time he was arrested wearing MS 13 gear, alongside known MS 13 members carrying weed and cash.


Also wondering maybe that's the hand that he struck his wife with, who as alleged over and over and over again that this man is a domestic abuser. That he has really hurt her many times the Trump administration says, this guy's not coming back. And if Chris Van Holland comes back at some point, I hope it's with his head hung in shame for what was just done. President Boule has this guy's number. President Boule just helped create an image that the Democrats need to have live with them all the way through these elections. You guys gonna help with this?


You gonna help with this? I, I think you will. I will. We're gonna, we're gonna remind these guys every single day about what they did. All right, more in a moment. I've got, I've got a lot to get to. It's good Friday. We've gotta get to what's going on here. People saying they're all in other, other people reminding us. The Logan Act here as, as you have, obviously Chris Van Holland is like trying to negotiate with the foreign government at the expense of the United States. I'm telling you with this Logan Act stuff, if you look at the text of the Logan Act, I'll show it to you in just a moment. You look at the text of the Logan Act, you tell me how it's anything but a violation of the Logan Act.


You, you can tell me. We'll do that in just a moment. But first, I gotta thank our sponsors that make all this possible.


Delete me. Makes it really easy, quick and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everybody vulnerable. Data brokers make a profit off of your data. Your data, what's a commodity? Your name, your contact info, your social security number, your home address, even information about your family members. It could all be compiled by data brokers and sold online. This can lead to identity theft, phishing attempts and harassment. But now you can protect your privacy. You really can with delete me. You know, your data's all over the place and sometimes it's gotta feel so crazy. It does feel crazy like trying to get control of it. It's possible to do that. You can take control of your data and keep your private life actually private by signing up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our viewers and listeners today. You can get 20% off your Delete Me Plan by texting VINCE 20 to 64,000. The only way to get 20% off is to text VINCE 20 to 64,000. That's VINCE 20 to 64,000 message and data rates may apply.


Yes, indeed. Hey, yeah, the Logan Act, I I pulled up the Logan Act text. Yeah, right, right here I'm gonna, lemme just show you this Logan Act text. You know, you don't have to be a lawyer to stare at this and go, wait a second, that it sounds like he's violating the Logan Act. Look at this. So the Logan Act says, any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who without authority of the United States directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with the intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title.


Or imprisoned not more than three years or both. So now you tell me, is Chris Van Holland violating the Logan Act? Is he violating the Logan Act? Because this is what they accused General Flynn of doing. General Flynn, the incoming national security advisor to the President of the United States was merely having conversations with foreign diplomats. Foreign dignitaries, and as the incoming national security advisor, the American people had spoken, they chose President Trump. President Trump chose the people who worked for him, including General Mike Flynn at the time as his national security advisor.


So in other words, Michael, Mike Flynn wasn't violating any law. Flynn was working on behalf of the people who just voted for Trump. He was doing the bidding of the American voter. And yet here you have Chris Van Holland kind of seems open and shut. He's violating the law. Absolutely, yes, absolutely, yes. Let's pull up the chat. Is he violating the law here, Logan Act? Absolutely, yes. And so we've got options, don't we? According to that law, you can fine them or you can jail 'em. You know what it starts with? You gotta prosecute 'em. You gotta prosecute 'em. At the very least, let's get the criminal referral going. Let's at least put it right in front of Pam Bondi and say, okay, look, we've gift wrapped it for you.


I've got all the evidence stacked up, we've got the photos bouquet. Put the photos out, send 'em on him. Send 'em on him. Let's hassle him a little bit. I it's the least we could do, you know, after what he is done to the American people after what he is done to the Morin family, as he straight up ignored them and then sucked up to the MS 13 guys. So that's, that's the Van Holland affair. And last thing I'll say on this today, at least for now, unless something breaks as we're talking about all this is Van Holland still insists that a lot more Democrats are gonna follow suit. Look at cut two. Here's Chris Van Holland. So I do intend to keep at this until we ensure that Mr.


Regar Garcia has his rights to due process, which is what the courts of the United States have called for. What a toll. They have said that his abduction is illegal and they have called upon him to be brought back to the United States. While I may be the first senator and first member of the United States Congress to come here to El Salvador in this case, I certainly will be not be the last. There'll be many more coming, Many more, many more. And I really hope they do. And all of 'em should get photo ops. They should do like a team photo or something, you know, have bring out the MS 13 guy, bring out a bunch of 'em. They have a whole bunch of 'em.


They can all stand together. They could all be shoulder to shoulder buddy buddy. They take their photos, send 'em right back to the American people and see what the American people do with that. Please keep it up, fellas. You're doing great work. These big giant in-kind contributions to the Republican National Committee. Thank you for that. Of course. All done at taxpayer expense. Hey, let me, I wanna get to an another issue here, which is birthright citizenship, which is insane. You realize how crazy it is. The 14th amendment to the Constitution was designed to address the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution were all designed to address the lives of African Americans in the United States, former slaves.


That's what the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments are dedicated to. And the 14th Amendment in particular, which offers of course, equal protection under the law establish that if you were born in the United States, this was for former slaves, we're not gonna consider, consider you less than you are an American citizen. That's what the 14th Amendment means. That's the whole point of the 14th Amendment. It is not for Chinese tourists to come to the United States, pop out a baby and then have an American citizen. That's insanity that that's the case. And it yet it has been the case through the way that our, our government operates and this ridiculous interpretation of the 14th Amendment.


So it was President Trump who finally came out and said, wait a second, this is insanity. And by executive order said, we're gonna interpret the 14th Amendment the way it was supposed to be interpreted and say there's no such thing. Only American citizens can have American citizens. Only people who are here legally can, you can't do this illegally. You can't come to the United States and just come across the border if just visiting it's, that doesn't work that way. You don't get American citizens that way. And so this is already, this is now fast tracking towards the United States Supreme Court, thank goodness the United States Supreme Court yesterday indicating that they are agreeing to hear the President's bid to tackle birthright citizenship restrictions.


This is going to be a massive, massive story, massive story, a massive opportunity before the court, the Supreme Court agreed Thursday to consider the Trump administration's request to implement its restrictions on birthright citizenship while litigation continues, while the justices delayed deciding the Trump administration's request to block lower court orders, preventing the President's executive order from taking effect. They scheduled oral arguments to consider the issue for May 15th. We're now less than a month away from oral arguments on this case. It is awesome. And this is where your prayers need to be lifted up. That sanity prevails on that United States Supreme Court.


And we don't get some side winders, we don't get Amy Co, Amy Coney Barrett fleeing to the left. Again, we don't get John Roberts fleeing over to the left. We gotta keep these guys locked in on what's right for the country and which is a sane system that only gives American citizenship to people who are actually supposed to be American citizens and not people who are exploiting our system and cheating in it. The President responded to this yesterday, cut six. He found out the news from a reporter who straight up told him about it, and he instantly began describing the history of the 14th Amendment, which of course the media never talks about. Take a look at President Trump. A short time ago, the Supreme Court agreed to hear oral arguments in the case about ending birthright citizenship.


How confident are you that the court will rule in your favor and allow that order to end birthright citizenship to go forward? Well, you're just telling me that for the first time, I am so happy. I think it, the case has been so misunderstood. That case birthright citizenship is about slavery. If you look at the details of it, the signings of it, everything else, that case is all about slavery. Yep. And if you view it from that standpoint, people understand it. But for some reason, lawyers don't talk about it. The news doesn't talk about it. That's not about tourists coming in and touching a piece of sand and all of a sudden they're a citizenship. You know, they're a citizen.


That's your, that is all about slavery. Yes. It's all about slavery. One more piece of evidence to support what the President just said, the the left likes to say, well, ever since the passage of the 14th Amendment, anybody born on us soil, therefore becomes an American citizen. That's not true. In fact, in 1924, the United States Congress passed something called the Indian Citizenship Act. Indian Citizenship Act. The point of that law was to confirm was to, was to declare going forward that Indians, native Americans would be considered American citizens under the law beginning in 1924.


Why would that law need to be passed if the 14th Amendment conferred citizenship at birth, that anybody was born inside of our borders? It wouldn't, they wouldn't have needed to pass it at all. So our, our present day demented interpretation of the 14th Amendment is now due for a long overdue correction and President Trump fighting right now to get that fixed. So that's fantastic, fantastic news. Glad to see the president fighting for it. Glad to see the United States Supreme Court taking it up. And maybe we can get this thing finally resolved. In a moment we're gonna talk to a, a father who has been dealing with absolute garbage as a boy has been cheating in his daughter's sport and is ruining the entire high school com competitive league.


I'll, I'll get into those details in just a moment. But first, a a, a sincere thank you to our great sponsors.


Have you ever heard anybody say either in an internet clip or on TV or in your own life, capitalism is evil? Have you ever heard that? How did you respond? And when did capitalism become so controversial? Well, you can explore these questions and more with understanding Capitalism. It's a free online course from the mighty Hillsdale College. Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. Free online courses. Learn about the United States Constitution, the stories in the book of Genesis, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale colleges free online courses. Hillsdale recently launched a new course, understanding Capitalism. I love it. And in seven lectures you will learn about the role of profit and loss. How human nature plays a role in our economic system. And above all freedom and why capitalism is ultimately a system that encourages morality rather than undermines it. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to enroll in this course. Understanding Capitalism, there's no Cost. It's very easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ VINCE. That's hillsdale.edu/ VINCE to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ VINCE.


And the only thing more important than achieving a dream is protecting it. Protect your family by securing their future with life insurance from policy genius. Policy Genius makes finding and buying life insurance simple. It ensures your family has a financial safety net that they can use to cover debts and routine expenses, or even invest that money to earn interest over time. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that started just 292 bucks per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online. They let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. Compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with no hidden fees. Their licensed support team helps you when you need, when helps get what you need fast so you can get on with your life. You see, life insurance is a form of financial planning and PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. So secure your family's tomorrow so you can have some peace of mind today. Head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com.


Of course, by now, you know that what's been happening this week with the Trump administration includes this battle that they're locked in with the state of Maine over the fact that that state continues to allow boys to abuse girls inside of their school system. The Trump administration is saying that's not happening anymore. The United States Department of Justice announcing a lawsuit against the state of Maine. And there are other states who are on notice right now that they too could be subjected to this type of action if they continue to allow boys to abuse girls inside of their school systems, inside of their sports leagues. It's craziness that we're still here and this problem continues, of course, all across our country.


I have a guest now who's experienced this firsthand. His name is Patrick Moore. He is a father of, of a girl inside of the high school system inside of West Virginia. He's also the Secretary of the West Virginia Citizens Defense League, which upholds our Second Amendment rights. Patrick Moore. Hey, thank you very much for spending some time with me today. Thank you so much for having me. I greatly appreciate it. I I really appreciate you. Also, Patrick Moore is a, a great small business owner. He operates a laser engraving business. Very cool. But Patrick, let me just start with this story about your daughter. Tell me, tell me a little bit about your daughter and what she does in athletics and kind of where she is in life right now.


Let's see. So she's a junior and she's on the track team and throws shot put and discus and does some running events on occasion, but that's what she's into right now. And she's a great student, great person, very smart. Probably more mature than I am at 16 years old, so that's cool. She's a very trustworthy young lady. Shot put. Seems challenging for anybody. That's, that's very cool that she does that. So she, it sounds like she's had some success. I mean, she's not she's not a bad shot putter in other words. No, she and, and she's improving. This is her first year and she's getting better. And there are girls on the team that are seniors that obviously have more experience and, and are better, but she's, she's trying hard.


So you, you sent me a message recently in, in, in the midst of all of this, this chaos we're seeing across the country as the left continues to say that there is no difference between boys and girls and let boys cheat in girls sports. You told me this is starting to directly affect your daughter now. Yes. I can give you a little background on the ca current court case. So in 2021, West Virginia passed the Save Women's Sports Act and that was to make sure that biological males are competing in boy sports, biologic females and girls. Last year there became a case where a student sued the West Virginia Secondary School's athletic Commission and that went to the fourth Circuit.


And what they have done is blocked that law and ruled it unenforceable. So currently the transgender student is allowed to participate on the girls team team. And now this student is a freshman throwing shot put on the girls team on which my daughter is a member of. So basically this ca case is stuck waiting to go to the Supreme Court. So we're gonna, we're waiting on the Supreme Court to lay down a decision to whether the West Virginia's Act is legal. So you have boy on the correct, what effect has that had on your daughter?


Definitely has missed the opportunity to compete. Let's say there was an event and due to there being a transgender on the girls team, the coaches scrap the event and they just didn't participate in this particular event at this particular meet. So that opportunity to compete was lost. And not just my daughter, but other girls on the team. If a girl places fourth and the boy places third, then the girl being robbed of that chance for a third place finish a medal Yes. Points cumulative for the season, for qualifying for states, et cetera.


And we're also finding out that teams are actually boycotting meets where the transgender boy is playing on the girls team. So your, So it's, so the effect here, the effect here is that your girls and all of her teammates, your girl and all of her teammates don't get to compete at all in some cases because other schools are saying, yeah, we're not, we're not playing against the team that has a boy on the girls team. Right. And it goes further than that. The boys aren't getting to compete against other athletes because the whole team's backing out, not just the girls team. Oh. So the boys and girls teams are backing out. Track meet attendance has went from, let's say 15 teams showing up at a meet to maybe eight or nine or less.


Yeah. So once was, it used to be a big meet is turned into a small meet, attendance is down. It's just affecting the whole ath athletics in the high school track arena as affecting everybody. So, so you're obviously speaking out about this, you're doing it here with me now, but how are other parents reacting to this? Are, are people just kind of staying silent because they don't want to be caught up in the controversy of all of this? Or are people speaking up? That's a great segue. Yes. From what I can tell, I see a lot of silence. Maybe some, you know, talking in the background where nobody can hear you because you know people Yeah. Don't wanna be overheard saying something that might be controversial.


So that's why I came up with by hashtag science not silence. So that way of hoping we can use that hashtag and get some information out. I made a little website smart just to run down some of the facts as to what the problem is and how I see it. And I actually have two legislative proposals for the federal level that I can unveil on your show today. Okay. And I think these two laws and used in combination can help combat what is happening now. Okay. I, I, let's, let's table that. I wanna get to that. I think that sounds great. I do wanna know, I do wanna know some basics though.


Back to the story. One is, is how much of an advantage to your eye does the boy have over the girls? Can you, can you see a, a meaningful advantage? Yes. Because the freshman boy is already moved to second ranked on the girls team. So that boy playing on the girls team is almost ready to become the number one shot putter as a freshman. And that'll probably happen by the end of the year. So just pushing out the girls so that, you know, they lose, might lose a chance to compete in a state meet at the end of the year. Unreal. And then since, so you, me, you mentioned around you you've encountered a lot of silence and people whispering to one another, which I'm not surprised by.


I'm disappointed, but not surprised. What about the reception you're receiving? So you, you are, obviously you've got the hashtag science, science, not silence. You're, you're out there, you're talking about this, you're fighting for your daughter and rightfully so. How have you been received? Well, I'm just now getting ready to put my armor on and get ready for the bra of attacks that will be heading my way because I've sat on sidelines not saying much of anything. And then last week I asked my wife and daughter, I said, how big of an issue do you want me to make that out of this? And they said, as big as it needs to be. So that's when I decided, okay, it's time to jump all in.


Well, I'm really glad you are, Patrick. This is a big deal. This is something I, if I can dwell on this with you for a moment. I, I've been saying that we've seen a lot of women athletes stand up for themselves. They come out and they say, you know, look, the Riley Gaines is of the world saying enough, enough. Not every, not every female athlete, some of the very high profile, very well paid ones have decided they'd rather stay silent than imperil their paycheck. But that meanwhile, like people like Riley Gaines have come out and they've said, this is outrageous. This shouldn't be happening. These abuses are not merely happening on the field. They're happening inside of the locker rooms. They're happening to these girls all over the place. And we have to like come back to reality here.


And the one thing I keep saying is, where are the fathers in all of this? 'cause my sense of it as a father of a, of a young female athlete is if this was happening to my kid, if I was in your shoes, I'd like to think I'd be doing what you're doing. Which is to confront this and to say enough. Don't you feel like there's a calling for fathers to step up here? I do. I feel there's a big calling. Hopefully fathers will see this and all over the country. Just start contacting your federal lawmakers and see if you can put some pressure on them to get some more pressure to get this, to get in front of the Supreme Court and we can get a decision. And, and one of the things the left says in, in so far as they mount defenses, they know this is indefensible.


So sometimes they're saying these days, well it's only a small number of so-called trans athletes that are doing this. Why are you concerned about this? It's very small, very, very, very small. Well, you just described really well, Patrick, why this is not just a small issue. This is a massive issue. If you have one boy cheating in a girl's sport, it has sweeping effects including on ranks for all of the girls downstream from him as well as teams straight up forfeiting matches, matches to refuse to play entirely. That's all of the athletes who are affected by this? That is correct. On the website, I actually have links to some articles from last year and one was a track meet where all the girls from one particular high school team just forfeited.


They just forfeited their throws and refused to compete. So that's exactly what you just said. Oh my gosh. It's just unbelievable. Okay, so you said you've got some federal solutions you think might work. What, what do you have in mind? Yeah, I do. So what is a gender reveal party? That's when we celebrate whether the newborn baby will be male or female. If gender is determined at birth, how can we have a gender reveal party before birth? So the birth certificate really should identify what sex or gender the baby is at conception because gender is assigned a conception.


I'm a pharmacist, I like science. And that's what science says. Yeah. Gender's assigned at conception, first proposal, all official documents, whether it be federal, state, or local. If there's a question asking about gender on that form, it should say specifically gender assigned at conception. Because what's happening is, and I believe this is the case here locally, that birth certificates are being changed so that it's from female to male so that they're skirting the rules. They taking a shady approach by saying, Hey, nope, birth certificate says, boy, even though we know or birth certificate says girl, even though we know it's a boy.


Yeah. And so if we use gender assigned conception, we can get rid of that. Let me, let me add one stipulation I hate assigned, assigned suggests that humans get to pick So Gender at conception is, is far more useful here, I'd think. Yeah, because I think assigned is a very malicious little word. It's, it's designed to suggest that somebody decided, we just decided I this doctor in my, in my judgment, this one's a boy. No, no, that's not, it's, it's the, it's obvious to everyone involved. You don't need a medical license. So, so I'll just, I'll offer that stipulation. Okay. But I like that though, that that's good. And also this idea that you would manipulate a birth certificate is the most demented thing ever. It's very overwhelming.


Yeah. So the second part of that would be we rec, I recognize that we are trans people and they wanna identify and they could either have sexual assignment surgery or they could use chemical means to transition. So instead of changing an original birth certificate, there could be an addendum so that if they wanna change it so that it now says female instead of male, they can do that. So their birth certificate now says female. However, when they're asked the question on those official forms, they have to answer their true gender assigned or gender at conception, which would be male. Right. Otherwise you face the existing penalties already in place for lying on federal forms.


Right, Right. But also what that would, what that would mean, what you're saying is that that any sort of like addendums or changes that they would try to make to official documents in the end would be irrelevant because your point, the, your la your last point is the, is the most important, which is this is a biological reality and you can do all sorts of cosmetic changes to attempt to circumvent that biological reality, but you're never gonna evade it. Right. And the reality is that all of us were are or are not mistakes. Your body's not a mistake. This is insanity that we are enabling this dissent both for the people who are subjected to it and the people who are further abused, like your daughter and the women and the girls around a boy who's cheating in their sport.


Right. So, so this is, this continues to be wild to me that in 2025 that were in this place. But here you, you are waging this fight and I can hear you're trying to navigate into it with a lot of empathy, which is, which is a good instinct to have. But your, your first priority of course, as you know, is to your daughter and to protecting her and to getting her a chance to play fair inside of sports. Absolutely. That's number one concern are my, are my kids. And make sure that they have a fair path to success and a boy playing against a girl. Check the website. I've got the studies, they, a boy is stronger than a girl.


Yeah. And a boy that transitions even through chemical means remains stronger than a girl. Yep. That's just the science. It's been studied. Yeah. No, every, every possible advantage, whether it's bone density or muscle mass or or hips, the width of your hips, every, every aspect of it makes it crystal clear that a boy who plays in girls' sports is cheating no matter what alterations are made to that boy. And by the way, those alterations, if they're made to a minor, are deeply abusive to that child to begin with. So it's, it's also crazy. So yeah. Do you expect, you know, I mentioned before that there's been a lot of silence around you. You mentioned that. Do you expect that other parents will stand now with you shoulder to shoulder? Will there be support for you as you, as you begin this battle?


I hope so. That is, that's tough to predict. 'cause you never know whether people are going to rally around you or they're just going to distance themselves and be like, I don't wanna be involved in any of the trouble. So You kind of think, I think, I don't know, maybe this is just a, a stereotype, but I kind of think that people in West Virginia are gonna like be there, right there with you. Like if you're West Virginian, you know, you, you kind of have a, a reputation for being liberty lovers. Like you're a, you're with the West Virginia Citizens Defense League, a fierce defender of the Second Amendment. I, you sort of assume from the outside that people in West Virginia are gonna fight to protect theirs and the people around them.


I'm hoping that's the case. I I have faith in my fellow West Virginians. We'll see, we'll see. As we as, yeah. My info gets out there and people start seeing the website. We'll see the yays versus Nays that come into the email inbox. All right. Patrick, tell us about the website. How do people get to you? It's Light Source Pro slash sns and that's Science not Silence. So Light Source pro slash sns And it has all the info that, that you'll need to arm yourself to have a discussion with someone.


Biology isn't bigotry you have on the website. That's great science. Yep. Not silence. I love that. Thank you very much, Patrick, for joining us and waging this fight on behalf of your daughter and girls everywhere. I really appreciate you. Please keep us posted as your progress, sir. Oh, I will. May I say one more thing? Yes. In closing, abolish the A TF and repeal the NFA and that we would be well on our way to a nice society. I love that. Thank you Patrick. Good to talk to you today, sir. Hey, Thanks for having me, sir. I appreciate it. Good to have you. So good. So good. All right, let me, let me talk to you a little bit as we close today about Good Friday and what, how the White House is distinguishing itself here in all of this.


A lot of, a lot of people in the chat saying thank you to Patrick, we West Virginians are behind you says artsy lady. This is the, this West Virginia is. Yeah, no, it's great. I love West Virginia. Beautiful state with amazing people. And you know, again, before I get to the White House thing, I just wanna run, once again, reemphasize, people should stand up to this crap. Just more dads, just more fathers standing up to this. If all the fathers stood up to this, this would, this would be over. If the dads were all standing up to this, it would be over. No more whispers just, just demand sanity immediately. And I can't help but notice, and I, and I know I, I see some of you in the chat saying this too. I, I I, I wanna also emphasize that there's clearly a demonic component into this self-loathing that's going on into this sort of trying to dis distort the fundamentals about human biology.


If the devil can convince you that a boy is a girl and a girl is a boy, they, the devil can convince you of anything. There's something clearly demonic about this effort to get humans to betray their own fundamental realities. And so on a holy week of all weeks, it's probably worth remembering that the battles that were locked in is, are not merely political battles, but they're spiritual ones. And if children are being taught to betray their own bodies, then they're, they're gonna, you know, they're gonna be manipulated when it comes to the rest of reality as well. So just keep all of that in mind. So it's, it's another reminder to be prayerful, to be spiritual, and to tackle these battles head on.


You are obligated to do it. We all are obligated to do it. It's a fundamental calling within us to, to bring about sanity and reality again. And the dads need to step up. Let me, lemme talk about what's going on at the White House. The, the, the New York Times has a piece today because it's Good Friday of course. And what they're trying to do, I, I I think is they're trying to convey that there's something sort of troubling about the fact that this White House in particular has been extraordinarily Christian in its approach. They, they're, they're acting like it's a little bit bizarre, a little bit weird. Take a look here. Headline today, white House of Worship Trump elevates Christian p Prayer and Power The Times says this morning.


And they, and they show you images of Trump with his head bowed in prayer, seated alongside a woman called Paula White Kain, who is the head of the White House Faith office. Now I want to emphasize something here. President Trump has set up a White House faith office. This administration inside of the West wing of the White House. This is not an office that was there before. This is something new that President Trump has set up. And tell me if it, let me, let me know in the chat, did you know that the president had set up a faith office in the West Wing? Because I feel like the media's done a lot to suppress that detail, not to talk about this new thing.


Were you aware of the faith office in the White House? I'm curious because this has been very much downplayed and lot, some notes in there, a lot of yeses. People are following President Trump very closely, even if you have to circumvent the legacy media, obviously. Yeah. So it's a mixed bag. Some people didn't have any idea. Others knew that the White House had done this. President Trump has set up a faith office in the, in the West Wing, which is great. And the piece begins this way. They say acapella hymns rising in the Roosevelt Room. Prayer in Jesus' name, in quotes, proclaimed from the cabinet room hands stretching out in the Oval Office as pastors invoke Bible passages about how kings are established by God from the moment Donald J. Trump was reelected to the presidency, his conservative Christian supporters have rejoiced in a second chance for their values to have power.


And now, week after week, scenes like these are taking place week after week, scenes like these are taking place at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The time says, so there's all sorts of, you've got c Christian events taking place all the time, and not just Christian. By the way, other faith denominations are represented at this White House routinely. And often at Mr. Trump's enthusiastic direction, senior administration officials and allied pastors are infusing their brand of Christian worship into the workings of the White House itself, suggesting that his campaign promise to quote, bring back Christianity is taking tangible root. Now lemme pause on this for a moment.


'cause I, I, I think that this is in many ways is there's, there's a whole bunch of reasons for this. But there's a, a study in contrast going on here. You remember what it was like during the Biden administration. It wasn't that long ago. The media would routinely lie to us about what? A devout Catholic, he was a devout Christian. He was, when nothing about his administration suggested any sort of meaningful adherence in any way to the doctrines of the Christian faith. And I mean, he was aborting a million babies a year and saying that he's a big, he's a big Christian. And additionally, you remember what he did on Easter a couple years ago.


You remember that Easter Sunday, the trans Day of visibility. This goes right back to the point we were just talking about a moment ago, which is that on, on Easter Sunday, on that deeply, deeply holy day for actually devout Christians, president Biden turned the White House into a circus, a circus of disregard for reality itself, an attack on God's creation. He says that, yeah, no, that's not real. He didn't make the man and woman, he made them into some sort of Plato that could be shaped into whatever it is that any of us wish to create ourselves into, not true.


And so the, the Biden White House, their position was, we're just gonna attack biological reality. We're gonna attack the Book of Genesis. We're gonna attack that which God has created on Easter Sunday. They did that. Now I'll spare you the photo, but you remember the image of the, the dude with the fake breasts standing in the, on the south lawn of the White House. He had taken his top down and he was covering his fake breasts with his hands, and they took photos on the White House lawn. That is the callous disregard with which they treat not just Christians, but all Americans. And again, reality itself. So Biden didn't have a faith office in the West Wing.


Trump does. Trump has a faith office in the West Wing, and their great sin in the eyes of the left is acknowledging the power of God and praying to him for intercession. That's it. That's that, that's the scandal here. And so President Trump, to his great credit, is treating faith sincerely in elevating faithful voices inside of this administration. Biden used religion as both a prop and a vehicle for human trafficking. How many cri religious organizations were on the take with nominally religious names on the take to traffic human beings into the country during the Biden era?


A lot. It wasn't separation of church and state. It was the merger of church and state for corrupt purposes. And it's too much. So I, I end today with this gratitude. Gratitude for you, gratitude for my family, gratitude for this country, gratitude for my president, gratitude for our president, gratitude that we're talking about faith in the proper way. That we're moving back in that direction, that perhaps even through these trials, we've come closer to understanding our faith and growing closer to God. And as we go into the Easter weekend, and as of course, we're in the midst of Passover, happy Passover to our Jewish brothers and sisters.


I just, I just say I'm thankful for this country. I'm constantly praying for it. And I know you are too. And once again, I'm grateful to you. God bless you. Thank you for spending good Friday with me. I hope you have a great Easter and I'll be back with you next week, right here on VINCE. Up next, Stephen Kraver.