
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Are we lied? No. May I have a bottle? Why am I on the couch with these two guys? If Anyone's a bottle of water, will someone toss one to me? Yeah, I know it's a little dry water. Welcome to The Damn Bar Show You know. Show that stuff. Not only is it me tonight and Tucker Carlson, but honoring us with his presence. The great Don Jr. Good to see You buddy. Thanks Don Tucker, thanks for joining us. Thank you. We appreciate it. My audience looking forward to, we've got an amazing 78,000 people wow in the freaking chat. The chat room folks is probably the biggest live stream in the world right now.


Today's show brought you by MyPillow. They're having a $25 extravaganza sale on some of their amazing products. You can check out the deals@mypillow.com. Make sure you use promo code, Dan.


So Tucker, we got a hard out around seven o'clock, so I want to get right to it. I, I think we Got longer now 'cause I think you're just rolling with me, right? I'm rolling here. so we, we got a little bit of time, By the way. Where they're rolling to is gonna be epic. So you wanna follow that one. So Of course it'll be in playbook probably in the morning. But so Tucker, you and I accurately, sadly, tragically did a podcast interview a while ago on your show, which tucker carlson.com. They can check out all your material. By the way, I'll be with Tucker September 11th in Tulsa if you want tickets tucker carlson.com. And we were talking about how the left is insane. They have no emergency break on their behavior. And you had mentioned how well they didn't let 'em govern last time they sick the military on 'em Lawfare.


Well, what's the next logical step? Potential assassination. You and I were called crazy lunatics by Daniel Kin at NBC News conspiracy theorists. And notably, without contacting either me nor you, they said that we presented that without evidence, despite me having mounds of evidence from actual sources that he was in a lot of danger. Your initial thoughts on that, now that you've sadly been proven right, why No Sources. I'm just using common sense as my guide because I believe in trend lines, And, you know, things tend to move in recognizable patterns. And the acceleration was really obvious. I mean this is like the, the central fact of history is that things just don't appear out of nowhere. You can predict them with some accuracy if you just pay attention to the proceeding events.


And so they were totally dehumanizing. First they're calling him Hitler, which is a predicate to killing somebody. Would you kill Hitler if you could? I think most people would say yes, that'd be my moral duty to do that. Dietrich Bonhoeffer reached that conclusion, right? This person is such a threat that while killing is wrong, it's justified in this case because it will save the lives of many. So they're calling Trump Hitler constantly and then they're trying to impeach him and then now they're trying to arrest him and put him in prison for the rest of his life. And none of it is working. He becomes stronger. You never hear anybody call Trump a racist anymore. By the way, that was the signature attack against Trump. If you were a Hiro Indian living in the Amazon headwaters in 2016, the one thing you knew about the United States was there was a racist running for president.


Now nobody says he's a racist. Why? Because all the people he supposedly hates are voting for him. So that's like not working. None of this is working. In fact, it's counterproductive. Every time you attack him, he becomes stronger. This is a much recognized phenomenon. And so where do you go next? And they're out of options that I just made. The very obvious point that this trajectory leads to assassination. Like why is that crazy? And the last thing I'll say is that Daniel Arkin, I hope, is enjoying his health insurance. 'cause he's gonna be on Cobra soon because that whole edifice is coming down because nobody believes it. Therefore nobody watches it. They pulled Morning Joe off the air yesterday. Oh, he was pissed this morning. They Were ordered by Comcast. Comcast. In fact, I ha do have a source on this.


Don't air this crap because these people are crazy and it's hurting our parent company. They're lunacy. So they're literally mourning. Joe is so, and he's not the worst though. He's the most annoying, is so radical and crazy that they literally can't even air him anymore. The liberals at Comcast. What's the lifespan? Speaking of trajectory, speaking of trendlines of NBC news of CBS, of CNN of the New York Times, it's like very limited. We're looking at the last moments of existence for these organizations. And so I would just say to Arkin, if he's watching, I feel so sorry for you. I don't know if you're married, but at some point you have to explain to that woman how you're not providing for her anymore because you don't have a job.


Because what you did was disgusting and your whole business was destroyed. I mean, you know, Don, I I think to myself often, I mean you're obviously living this. It's your father and you're the only guy on this couch who's actually had a secret service detail. Yeah, I've worked one, I've never had one. You know you look at this guy, Dan Arkin, who writes this piece calling me and Tucker crazies for Highlighting all I just so You know. I I was in there too. 'cause I I agreed with you at the time. So I was also Yeah, vilified and called a conspiracy theorist. 'cause when they said to Well, Tucker said this, I go, of course he's whatcha you're talking about? Like, what world are you watching that you believe that that's an impossibility? Like what are you Ibis? Like of course they are. But it was crazy. Well, You got briefings from your agents, correct?


Yeah. When, when my father was president, I was, I was the number two. According to them, I was the number two most threatened person. The United States. Well, I'm sure after my father, because I'm vocal You know. I say that. I don't, I don't back down. IIII push hard. I think I've been proven right on virtually everything. But, but yeah. I was the number two most threatened person that You know under the purview of the United States Secret Service. And. You know, Tucker, one of the things you and I folks share, I think in common, and I'm don I'm sure you agree. I don't want to leave you outta this one, but you and I particularly, especially when we were at Fox together, is the media, the liberal media and some swampy conservative media or pseudo conservative media, whatever.


They really, really get under my skin. And. they do. It's like a tick. And I wish they wouldn't. 'cause there were times I You know I can't sleep at night. People say no, there were sometimes I literally can't go to sleep at night. Like I have to take like a melatonin 'cause I'll read something and I'm like, fuck these motherfuckers. Like, they're so stupid. Right. The thing union, I nailed, I think to a t that to this day you used to talk about it and everyone else avoid it was this replacement theory stuff. This was the worst media story in human history. There were literal articles, and I hate that word 'cause it's so over written in New York Times called We can Replace Them. There are hours and hours of Democrats on tape talking about demographic destiny. The demographics of the country are gonna change.


We're gonna replace these Joe Biden's on tape talking about how Oh yeah. The white man. And then when we notice it, they're like, that Tucker and Bonino, the mother fing racist. You better fire. They wrote Whole books about it. And now of course it's true. Yeah. But the hate that it displays, like why would you want to do that? You know? Why would you want to watch the people whose ancestors built the country die, mock them as they die and then replace them. I don't understand like only some, I mean that, that suggests like actual hate, like homicidal hate. I I would never want something like that for anybody. And by the way, it's not just the United States. It's happening all over the western world. Yeah. The people whose ancestors built these countries are dying and they're being replaced.


And it's like, why would you want to do that? There's something very heavy going on. You know. I mean, go to Sweden, go to the uk, go to London. I mean it's, it's shocking. And I don't at this point care if you're not allowed to notice it or if you're racist to notice it. It's happening in Ireland. Ireland, it wasn't. Ireland was never colonial power. Like in the United States. You're like, well you have to put up this because you were mean to Puerto Rico or something or You know what I mean? Or you've used too much carbon. So you have an obligation to allow all of Central Africa move to your country and give them housing vouchers. Okay. But Ireland never did anything to anybody. Ireland was oppressed by Great Britain actually. Right. It was never a sat out an entire world war. Theyre will movie this about it. Yeah, no, exactly.


They suffered a potato family. So why are doing this? The Irish, they are the indigenous population of their island and you're watching them die and replacing them with people from the third world. On what basis are you doing that? George Thos actually. Like what's the real answer? Yeah. And you have to think that this is genocidal intent. Like what else is it? I mean honestly, what else is it? Oh, shut up. How about no, 'cause I wanna live like it's 1985 in the country that I loved. Were honest questions could be asked with full confidence. You would right to do that because you're an American and I'm gonna live that way until I die. And I don't care what they do to me. I'm gonna live like it's 1985 in my country and I'm gonna ask a super obvious question. Why are you doing that? And why are we putting up with it? I don't think we should. You Had the greatest line ever. He did a profile, I think it was a New York or whatever.


You did a long form profile with one of these never Doing that Again. Yeah. It was one of these total deuce canoes and in like New Yorker or whatever. But you had a great dive in there. Yeah, it was, I was like, man, that was really nice for him to do that. I did one too. A guy, this guy Evan Oor or whatever, fucked me over a bunch of bullshit. Yeah. So I wrote a hit piece on him later. I'm like, ah, fuck this guy. So in the piece you wrote, you said this great line. You're like, You know once in a while you gotta throw a shit grenade in the tent. And. you know what? I read that and I'm like, I know exactly what you were saying. No, Actually I was quoting, it wasn't me. I was quoting a deceased friend of mine called Christopher Hitchens and who I used to drink with. He never quit and died. And I did quit. But anyway, many, many years ago, he said to me, You know my goal is not even ideological.


Every day is a matter of principle. I want to throw a grenade over the wall into Asshole hq. And I thought, I want that to be my goal. I wanna do That. I found my spirit animal. Yes I did. And I really have tried Chris Don. Did you find like me, like his monologues at night? Great. Wait, they were, you You know the one thing about you is you never, you honestly, Paula, am I right? My wife and I used to watch, like with rap attention, right? We would sit there, we'd be like, the greatest part of it was you never knew what was coming man. Yeah. Like it the regardless of the news cycle. And you'd be like, shit, I'm thinking about that different now. You know.


Yeah. And I, I think that's why Tucker calls back. You Don't wanna be part of the news cycle. I mean, unless, But it drove the news. It did. I mean people, the, the entire next day conversation even on social was based around You know. I'll give you a example. That monologue Ill the Arkansas governor when Hutchinson, when he came on about the cutting guys nuts off the kids balls off and you just, you just verbally castrated him that his career will never recover from that interview ever. Well, I hope not. Yeah. He ran for president. Anyway, And, they, I interviewed him again at some forum in Iowa. There's a certain kind of, I don't know that they're all actually closeted, but they seem all seem very closeted to me. Or at least they have super unhappy wives. But this very kind of weak male.


Well that's just true. It it's a hundred percent True. I'm not even disagree with you. It's, they're All that way. It's McConnell or Whatever. So good. They're All that way. And there's something about them, I think that they're the governor of Utah is that way. They're, it's a certain sort of man And, they hate themselves so much. And my operating rule in life is if someone hates himself, he's probably not gonna love you. It's guys like that who just like get off on a basing themselves. That's totally cool. If That should, I think the word is K It Literally is they, that's Like the most brilliant by the way. It's Rumble. We can say it When they started telling You You weren't allowed to use the term kuck or it's okay to be white. I remember thinking like, well why?


Like, why can't you say that You know what I mean? No one ever explained it was like, shut up. That's an extremist term. I didn't even know what K meant. Yeah. But like the genius collective on the internet really saw deeply into the souls of people like Mitch McConnell or that creepy the training Arkansas Governor And. they just saw who they were. 'cause it was elemental. It wasn't a political difference. It was like something inside this man was so hollow and broken and sick and diseased and self hating that it had to do with a cuckold fantasy. Like that's totally right. I can smell it. Do you guys think, 'cause I, this is the one issue all three of us are gonna agree on, on the couch. I know we do. 'cause we were only one. Unfortunately. I'm spending enough time with both of you. I think we agree on probably everything.


This is news. And this one was something you, we went all in on. We all agreed JD Vance was the best pick. Amen. Vice president given the portfolio of people available. Don, your initial thoughts, I mean, no one's closer to your dad than you. I mean, I know your dad had this short list. I know, you know, Bergham seems like a nice enough guy. I went to a fundraiser. He was there. He's actually a pretty good speaker. Yeah. You know, I guess Rubio has his assets too. Whatever. I don't get into politicians. I don't wanna date these guys. I got a wife. I'm married. I don't really care. However, JD to me is the one guy, I've had a couple conversations, but I don't have coffee with him. We're not best friends. But he came off as the most genuine and sincere. And even though you may disagree with him on some things, I don't, but you may disagree with him on Ukraine or trade policy.


He's not fucking around. Like he says what he means. No, he's the real deal. And at least he's gonna take a stand. He's the real deal. I mean, he, listen, he, I I, I read his book. There's, that's how I got to know him before, you know, I read his book back in like, whatever it was early, early teens when he came out. I, man, this guy's gotta be in politics. I, I loved the story. And then he actually sort of started this thing like never Trumper because like, he didn't have any information, but he was also the guy that didn't just say, okay, well I'm gonna accept Trump now and roll. He was like, I was wrong. Yes. I I did not think that the brash guy from New York was gonna fight for X, Y, ZI didn't think he was gonna like, I was wrong. I I bought into the media narrative and he became like a champion of the America first of the maga cause and, and just articulates it so well. So like we became friends.


Like I, but I was like Chris. I was like, oh, this guy, I love it. He was like, he's a never Trump. I can't even believe it. But, but it wasn't just, he came to terms with it. Like, he was just like, I was wrong. And and from that moment on, just started fighting for all of the things that, that we believe in. So You know, I I was really passionate about that. I was also passionate about having a guy that's young, that can, that can take that mantle of America first. Not go back to NeoCon bullshit where, you know, we, we haven't been in a war in three minutes. Let's make sure we spend $4 trillion in mortgage, our children's futures to, you know, to hell. I don't want it to end in four years after my father's done. Right. I, I want that to be conservatism going forward. Not, not a reversion.


Back to the stuff that has failed us. And that doesn't represent the people across the country, but it plays great in, in the swamp. It's a big deal. Your dad started a movement. Yeah. It's not about him anymore. It is now he is obviously the guy who's the You know the head of the MAGA movement, but your father's not gonna be around for hopefully a long time. But he started a movement. And I You know, I said if these other guys, the guys to take the mantle or JD Tucker. I know you were team jd, right? Can I say I was at a dinner a few years ago in my old neighborhood in DC before I left probably five years ago. And, they were, everyone was talking about Trump. Trump, you know, when you think a Trump and I said, you know, You know the smartest guy in that whole constellation is Don Jr. And they're like, yeah, Don Junior's the smoke.


Oh yeah, Don Jr. Okay. He shoots animals. Right? I was like, actually Don Junior's the smartest one. It's true. And that I thought your analysis is, it's, it's so right. I almost don't have anything to add to that. It's exactly right what you just said. And he, so he speaks for me on that. but I, can I say one thing about jd? He's like, he's like a normal person. He's like a good person. Politicians are just so hollow. You can't overstate that. You can't have a conversation with 'em. I mean, how many dinners have I had with politicians, senators, presidents, the all of 'em. They're All the same. They're all the Same. If you say that J you can predict their answers. Right? It's Unbelievable. But even in private, they're false. JD Vance, I mean I've had the privilege of talking to him a lot before he went for Senate.


And this current post, he was like tormented. Like, what effect does this have on my wife? What effect does this have on my three children? These are real questions from, these are not fake performative questions. Like, I'm gonna spend more time with my family. It's like, how are they, how do they feel about this? What will this do to my soul? He weighs the, the moral consequences of decisions He actually does, by the way, I saw a picture of him today in his marine uniform. I've never seen that before. Try to get JD Vance talk about his marine service. He's embarrassed of it. He He does, he doesn't parade it around like every doesn't parade. Ara never talks about it. The best talking About, you mean he doesn't have the Pee Buttigieg photo? No, but it's different. You know what he, and and this was such a critical point I spoke to, I'm not a veteran, so I spoke to a couple other people who are, I go, there's a difference here, right? you know, you look at a Buttigieg You know they go to Harvard, Princeton, Yale, and then they do like the, like, I wanna be a politician, so I'll go do some obligatory service.


JD enlisted in the Marine Corps outta high school. Yeah. He he did that first. Yes. It, it wasn't the afterthought because I wanna get into politics and it'd be a nice box to check. He did it first before he knew where his life was going. Bro, I remember that's a huge deal and a big difference. And he doesn't talk about it. Listen, it takes a set of moose nuts to go in the Marines too. That's not an easy, and listen, see, He's the Marine ever to be on a ticket. Actually a actual obviously Ice Army Jack Marine Marines leather. And I like Tosis. I mean, I have, I'm in Florida in the winter, but I remember watching one of these debates or something and DeSantis, I, in the end, I thought he was on one of the SEAL teams. 'cause he was talking about, oh, de Seal teams and dah, dah dah, dah. And I'm like, what? Weren't you like a freaking lawyer or something?


Like, what? Stop. It's too fake. I can't do, and I like to say this, but it's too fake and it's also, it's being fake about something that's kind of important and that we all revere as Americans. It makes us all cynical about military service. And JD to his enormous credit, will never leverage that. Because again, it makes everybody cynical when you lie about something important You know what I mean? I think I I I'd just like you to address this. If you could, I played a clip of you on my podcast today. You were, I don't know where you're talking Heritage or something. You said You know all of the right slash wrong people hate JD fans. And I, I I can you just go into that because that is so important. Like the Lindsey Grahams of the world. Well, it's just like Trump who was by the way shit talking JD Nancy entire day, the day before he was trying to get your dad to Go.


Well you, you heard about that. I guess there's a lot of lobbying efforts going on the day before. And I think, I mean, your post on, on the, I mean just, just brutalized. I think it's the, it maybe the greatest thing on the internet. I couldn't deal with that in the last week. It's Like, can I hate to be mean to Instagram? I suspect he likes it actually. Naughty little guy. But he does, every time I see him, he's like, Hey man. I'm like, I was in cruel, Cruel to you. This is like some sort of weird whatever trip that you have. but I guess the point I would make is JD v it's almost, and Trump is exactly the same. It's almost like to catch a predator. It's like you wave Trump or JD Vance out there and all the creeps show up to hate You know.


It's like you just, there're such clarifying forces in this. Like Lost is, it's like catch a predator. It's like, nah, I'm not kidding. It's like stand in a room full of people in Washington and say, I think JD Vance should be the vice president. Everyone who has a heart attack is exactly who you don't want to babysit your kids. Yeah. Like, it's totally true. And in this specific case, I just, I watched, and since I spent my whole life in DC I knew a lot of the people, or actually all of them, And, they were all the people whose careers have really, and decisions have really wrecked our country. And I kept thinking like, on what grounds? Do you have any authority to give advice to anybody for anything? It's like literally you pass a homeless guy and he's giving you real estate advice. You, you talk to a bankrupt guy and he's giving you investment strategy and it's like you've discredited yourself.


It's a fat guy telling you how to get fit. Like what? No, when you have a track record of success, I will listen to you. But if you are, I don't know, fill in the blank. Lindsey Graham, Yeah. Are You joking? Everything that you have advocated for has hurt people and above all hurt the United States of America. Why don't you sit the next 20 years out? By The way, Ashes and sackcloth we're Bat press 175,000 streamers. So hey Chris, Chris, I'd, we're the biggest in the world, right? That's gotta be number one in the Usa. Number one in the, the world. The, I don't wanna just, I don't wanna just win America. I wanna win the world stream In the usa. Wait, Are you Gonna tell viewers who is actually the floor director of this show?


Chris, Chris, Chris Wave. Hello. Come on. Come on over Lisa. Hey Chris, how come Poplawski iss never my producer guys say most people don't have Say hi. Come here. Just sit next to me for a minute here. Billionaire Media moguls like Producer, CEO Rumble. Chris, just say hello everybody. Hey chat. What's going on? Yeah, we Got 175,000 175,000 biggest stream in the us. Three and a Half times bigger than the biggest stream on Twitch right now. Holy fuck. And I hope you don't mind me cursing Don You Know you Don't give shit. The reason I am the way I am is because I didn't grow up like the conventional billionaire son. I, I get stuck me on job sites. So I grew up with construction workers. So I talk like that. I wanna thank you though, brother. This is because you create and Rumble and giving us an opportunity to not have to do this bullshit censorship stuff on YouTube.


You know, they kick me off for saying masks don't work. These motherfuckers, can you believe that shit? And you think they'd apologize to me? Well, that's how we know that Masks don't work. ITT matter if it, if they thought it may be true at the time. There's never, there's, there's never accountability for being wrong about everything. Right? Thank thanks guys. Thanks. The four Marshall for this thing. We appreciate it.


Hey, let take a quick break. Gee, run that spot for me. My, my pillow paid for this thing and I'm a capitalist. So Tucker, I know you understand. Yes I do. You've asked that MyPillow. Listen, they're finally bringing you the most requested offer. mypillow.com. I you gotta like, I, it, it went blank pillow com. There it is. Okay, there we go. Now you really gotta go buy stuff. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now. Only 1998 MyPillow is made with patented adjustable fill, adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Help keeps your neck aligned and holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. If their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25, brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98, the famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. Go to mypillow.com. We'll call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all the MyPillow products, including, including premium queen size. My pillows only 1998. It's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today, folks. Take care of MyPillow. They keep this show free for you guys. These, these advertisers really help us out a lot and we appreciate it.


We're now up to 180,000 people. Probably gonna cross 200 soon. So Tucker, let me dig into a topic I know is really sensitive to you and matters a lot and it matters to me. You know, when I first started in Republican politics, informally not running for office, I was an old school kind of Republican where we are kind of the world's semi policeman. It's our job to hold world order. And what woke me up was the Iraq war because I realized from the start there was really no game plan. I said, well, we're not gonna go into Baghdad. So what exactly was the plan then? We were going in here to what? Send a message. Like couldn't we have done that by just sending a few like bombs at the next to Saddam's headquarters. So he knows we, it didn't make any sense to me.


Now we're over in Ukraine and I am, I will not anyone out there a liberal who's gonna say you're a Putin, sto let me just preemptively say, go fuck yourself. Your parents, your kids, your dog, all, you're a piece of shit. You're making that up and I hate you in advance. That has nothing to do with, I spent time in Russia. Putin's a dba. Okay, forget it. I'm not his guy. However, what I don't understand about Ukraine is we're pouring all this money in assets and there doesn't seem to be any kind of tactical battle plan as to what victory. No one can even explain to you what it looks like at this point. Are weeding east to eastern portion of Ukraine are we not? Here's the attack. S no attack S here's F sixteens.


But don't train the pilots. Here's attack S but don't shoot in Moscow. Like, oh, see that's a good idea. Like maybe we'd start nuclear work. No one seems to have a plan and we're just supposed to give them money and let them do this. Well Of course there's a plan, just not the one they're articulating. It's really important to stop listening to people like Tony Blinken or others who pose as your moral betters while committing genocide, which is what they're doing in Ukraine. Because their words bear no relationship to what they're actually doing or their intent at all. They've depopulated Ukraine, hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian men, entire generation have died. The average age of conscription is 43. They're conscripting guys with down syndrome. So the Ukrainian population has collapsed thanks to nato, the Biden administration in a war that they started.


They provoked this war on purpose, obviously. And now in a little known or noticed in the west development that I, I was told this by a, an ally of Zelensky Suzu sits in the Ukrainian parliament. Zelensky allowed the department to change the law to make it legal for foreign companies to buy land in Ukraine, the breadbasket of Europe, the largest wheat producer in Europe. And so you're gonna have a depopulated country which will immediately be filled by immigrants from the third world of course. And you will have the actual land of the nation of Ukraine owned by foreigners. And so Ukraine as a country will disappear. And how did that happen? It happened because its allies, nato.


Were protecting it. Yeah. So we just destroyed and stole Ukraine from the Ukrainian people and we're the heroes. And by we I mean the Biden administration And and BlackRock. And BlackRock And that whoever's buying it. Yeah. And the completely evil former prime minister of Great Britain, Boris Johnson, who is somehow lurking around here. I hope I run into him. Who stopped the peace process at on, at the request of the Biden administration. When the Ukrainians and the Russians wanted to end the war And, they stopped 'em from ending the war. I guess the only thing I would say, if you go on for hours, I would just end with one sentence, which is don't allow the worst people in the world to seize the moral high ground and brainwash you into thinking that they somehow have pure motives and you are somehow off balance.


Like, oh, I can't really say this. No, they're evil and we know that because of what they've done. We're watching it right now. What they did was evil. It hurt Ukraine. And I don't care how many little lapel pins Lindsey Grand ha has, he's responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians. So to call you, who cares what they call you? You did that. They did that. They started that war And, they destroyed that country. So how are they walking free? I don't understand it. It's a money laundering scheme. Obviously sending your tax dollars to a foreign country. So the people who started this genocide can split it amongst themselves, period. Yeah. Hey Don, I wanted to hit this from another angle. You know I, again, I'm not blaming anyone in Ukraine for Putin did or anything, but the Ukrainians and Zelensky clearly knew about the second, their first, excuse me, the impeachment of your dad.


Yeah. They knew what was going on. They knew what your dad was saying was an absolutely legitimate inquiry about the deepest levels of corruption in our government. And what bothers me to this day is Zelensky said nothing during that impeachment. He could have come out as a world leader and said, folks, I gotta tell you something. This is bullshit. I don't wanna get involved in merit and politics. You dragged me in this. I know what happened. And what these assholes on the left are telling you happened is not what happened. No, a a a hundred percent I mean it, it was always that. But you see the whole thing is, it's, it's one big scam. It's like he's getting rich in this. All of his You know cabinet is getting rich. You see the videos of them buying yachts and cars and all of this stuff all over the world because it is a, it's a giant money laundering operation. And, you know, they're getting their little v they're getting the 10% for the big guy.


Like no one can explain to us why Hunter Biden was on the board of Barisma. Like he didn't know anything about oil or gas. He doesn't speak the language. He didn't, but, but his dad was in charge. And, they, it, it was all there. But as long as they were getting their v they didn't care. They were gonna let it keep going. I mean it's why he look how many people died. Solinski doesn't wanna stop this war. He is been turned into a world hero. I'm not sure why. I don't know what he's done that like, he's not on the front lines. He's, he's sending what he considers the peasants to go die on the front lines. I mean, this was a guy, I mean, you know, he was an actor but he wasn't even like an actor, actor. He was like a guy that, you know, played piano with his dick. Like literally that's like fairly well, Well to his credit, I mean it, You know it's a talent. I guess. I don't know that I'm gonna give it you try that. But You know he's been turned into a deity by the left because I, you know, they don't believe in actual God.


So they just create their heroes as they Go. Well now, now that now the NSC and, and the state and the Biden White House hates Zelensky. They're very mad at Zelensky. And that's just crazy. He's done everything that they asked. It's not working. They could never beat Russia. It was never gonna happen. Russia's a hundred million more people in much deeper industrial capacity. You can't win a landlord against Russia if you're Ukraine, period. It's never gonna work. Yeah. And but they encouraged Ukraine to kill itself and now they're mad Zelensky. I have to say the people I'm angriest at are the American enablers of this in the Congress. And I, and one of 'em is the speaker of the house. And I asked Mike Johnson two months ago when he was You know, appropriating more of our tax dollars to Ukraine, telling me off offline, off camera.


But You know we need this for democracy. Okay, democracy. A country that's like persecuting Christians democracy. I said, how many Ukrainians have been killed? Well, I don't know. I know how many Russians have been killed. 'cause my briefers, the liars from the intel world who keep the Congress brainwashed and controlled have told me this number of Russians have been killed. I said, they told you the Ukrainians have been killed. No. I said, how can you fund a war on behalf of a country and not even keep track of how many of of its men have died? Don't you have a moral obligation to know that if, if I'm, I'm serious, if I'm paying for a war on behalf of a country, I feel like my conscience would require me to know the cost to that country. But they don't care. They don't care at all. So what does that say about them actually? Yeah, seriously. Yeah. And every time you hear what, what's really sick is like every time like a Russian jeep gets a flat tire, it's like it's this major victory for Ukraine, but they lose like a quadrant of the country.


And. they, it's a strategic withdrawal. Like they know they're losing badly and And, they keep doing it anyway. But they were never Going to Win. Yeah. How could You win? They have a hundred million less people. It's a land war. Russia's a really serious country that has a much more evolved industrial economy than we do. But Tucker, can I ask you this on that point? Because Yeah, you said the word win, but what does wind even look like? Let me just give you a hypothetical. Oh well let's just say now you're getting me going. They overrun the eastern border of Ukraine into Russia. Right. And start taking Russian territory. You understand you have a country with nuclear weapons. Not tactical nukes only, but actual like city destroying nuclear weapons.


So I had this conversation with another conservative podcast guy I was on and it was a really great healthy conversation. But this went on for about 15 minutes where I said, okay, say they do win. You really believe vdi, Vladimir Putin's gonna go You know what I lost. Let's just go sit upon an aircraft carrier and sign the surrender agreement now. Like he is never gonna do that. It's winning is almost the worst thing that could happen because it'll be a nuclear weapon Launch. It's so distressing. I mean, I never wanted the United States to become an empire, but I think that was inevitable once it became a unipolar world in 1991 when the Soviet Union collapsed. We ran the world. And I think we did a good job in some ways. But if you're gonna do that, you have to be serious about it. You know empires are serious.


The Romans were serious. But the British were very serious about it. Our leaders not serious. They don't know anything about Ukraine. They don't know anything about, they don't speak the freaking languages. The people making the policy don't speak the languages. How can you understand a country if you don't speak the language? You can't. Yeah. Even if you do, you can't. And the US ambassador to Ukraine appointed by Joe Biden told a friend of mine at a school event, 'cause they have kids at the same school together. He said, well, what is the goal? And she goes, well obviously we take Crimea back. Crimea. What? Crimea, first of all is Russian. It's where the fleet is. Like that's a not going to happen Second, if you actually tried to do that, you would get a nuclear response immediately. It's non-negotiable. Any person knows anything about it, including lots of the knowledgeable Democrats will admit this.


That's insane. And that's the US ambassador to the single most important foreign policy sort of objective of the United States right now. Yeah. We have a moron in this I mean it like, it's so distract. Look, the bottom line is, our country's being colonized by the rest of the world. It's being invaded. Tens of millions of people have come in, more Americans have died in the last five years of drug ods than died in the entire second World war. Okay? Our leaders think it's like outrageous to even suggest we should use the military, the US military, which only exists to protect our country. To do something about that. Yeah. We spent 10 years bombing the Ho Chi Minh Trail because You know China and the Soviet Union were moving supplies to South Vietnam through it, through Cambodia and North Vietnam.


We bombed the Ho Chi Min Trail. We spent billions doing that. We haven't even considered bombing a supply route from the Sierra Madre into Texas and California. Like what? As more Americans died, that in the entire Second World War. This is insane. The point of the US government is to is to serve the people of the United States, American citizens. It has no other point. No other point. There's no other point. And we're, they're so demonstrably not doing that, that they have no legitimacy left. It's not a legitimate government anymore. And that's really scary. 'cause you don't know what's an illegitimate government like, who knows what happens next. It's freaking me out. So the only way to restore legitimacy to our government is to force it. And I hope it will under President Trump to serve its own citizens.


Or at least try. They're not even trying now. Well, you, it's, it's great 'cause you kind of segued unintentionally into my next question. I I'll start with you Don, and I'll, I'll leave it with you Tucker. you know, I'm long on the United States. I am, I I'm You know. I love, I love Jesus. Jesus has been with me my whole life and I really believe he touched this place different. Yeah. I mean, we should have never won the Revolutionary War. We probably won the war of 1812 'cause of a thunderstorm. We should have never survived the Civil War. I mean, the freaking hippies should have torn us apart. And not only are we here, we're still the wealthiest country in the history of known sentient beings anywhere in the known cosmos. And it's not even close. Yeah. So I'm long in the United States, but I'm also not a moron. And I ask my audience a lot, is it bad enough yet?


And I always ask this question, and I'm gonna ask you, and I'm gonna ask Tucker, do you sense that yes, we're long in the United States, but this may be one of those elections where if we lose this, it may not be salvageable institutions falling apart. What Tucker was just talking about Fentanyl, the border, our military getting hollowed out. DEI, cutting little kids nuts off. I mean, this is insanity. Yeah. IIII truly think so. It's what I talk about all the time. I mean, you, you, the, the sort of, the curve of the insanity of today's left. I mean, you look at just their hills to die on. I mean, you talk transgender surgeries for three year olds and their parents can't know about it. Like if you, that's Not imagine a Democrat debate 20 years ago. Imagine you'd be left Off the stage. Imagine.


but I, honestly, I wake up some days I feel like I, I'm, I'm Jim Carrey in what The Truman Show. It's like someone's gotta be filming like they're fucking with me. They have like, they have to be fucking with me. And I just, I'm the only one that's not in on it. They're filming it. It's a, it's a great show. There's 2 billion people watching the live stream and I'm just not aware because there's no way that it can be real. And yet it is. And so You know, you hope that pendulum corrects you hope. But if, if it doesn't with this, if it doesn't under just sort of just the a just the straightforward metrics that we see each and every day economically, world war. Otherwise it's, we be unrecoverable. If we can't figure that out or if we can't figure out how to stop them from cheating or gaming the system, I don't know that you, you don't get a past a point of no return.


You know. They like it, it civilizations only last on average, what, 250 years? Yeah. Well, You know. That's You know what where's where we are. Tucker on both of you worries me about this point in time and I'd like to get your thoughts on that too, because you have been in the media business much longer. You were doing crossfire when I was a kid. I mean, you've watched these leftists grow from insane old to like, To Like really, I mean, prostate health land at this point. They're, they're like, one flew over the cuckoos next now. But Tucker, what worries me now is the tools of suppression are that much more advanced. Yeah. cbd, dcs ai, facial recognition technology. Yeah. You're not gonna be able to jaywalk in this dystopian future without some comi behind a keyboard being able to issue you a citation.


Yeah. I think it's really important to spray, paint and shoot the surveillance cameras. Right. Get rid of those something bitches. Right? Yeah. By force. But the truth is your phone controls you and if there is a mark of the beast, it's probably your phone. I would just say one thing about that super quick is don't let anybody put technology in your body. I, I don't care. Yeah. How great they tell you it's gonna be Don't ever allow that. Don't ever allow anyone to put, I mean beyond like an artificial knee or a heart valve, but Chips Absolutely not under no circumstances allow that period. 'cause then you're not human anymore. So a BI see signs of hope everywhere. I feel like people are way more honest than they were even a year ago and way nicer to each other.


In the world that I live in, people are way deeper and more real. And if that's not hope for the future, if that's not a sign of rebirth, like I don't know what is. Yeah. Am I imagining this? Do you feel this way? I I I see it like again, I I if, if we don't win, I I I see these ridiculous policies destroying us. but I Yes. If, if we do the, the level of people that I see coming up to me now vocally. Yes. Right. It's, it's demographics that you'd be like, no way Republican. Like it's, it's the come of thing five years ago, And, they walk up to me and like, well, am I gonna get like, yeah. You know Mac or like attacked or verbally assaulted and they're, they're screaming across airports like maga it's, it's so palpable. Aren't they nice? It's so clear. And they're so nice. Yes. You know I had garbage men jumping out of trucks the other week when I was in New York for my father's case.


I'm walking down the street, And, they, they're jumping outta trucks to gimme a high five And. They, you guys, we were wrong. Just go fight. so we gotta save our country. There there is, there is a momentum that's so palpable right now. Yes. That, that, that, that I see and feel, you know, that I, I believe it. but I also don't believe that there's any level that the Democrat party won't go. They, they'd show up with 5 billion votes and be like, this is the freest and fairest election ever. You know they'll do that. So they don't care at all. They don don't, they don't care. They don't, they, they're You know the democracy that they You know. There used to be a pretense. Like you have to believe it's real to actually have said democracy. Right. It, I don't think they care anymore. They'll just, they'll take the way You know And. they, I don't, I don't think they can cheat Joe Biden into the White House though. It's, it's too far at this point.


Like, wait, Exit question. 'cause I know you got a heart out at seven. I wanna respect your time and Don You too. I got a special guest. Come on over here. We got the great Rachel Compost. Duffy Tucker says he used to work with her somewhere. I don't know. I don't know about No, Her Her Don says, know she's my favorite. She's the one person I watch. She's the best. We love Rachel. She's the best. Rachel, welcome to the show. So I'm gonna get your thoughts on this Too. You know she's the bravest Actually she has got Kaons bigger than very impressed. so we love Rachel. But I'm gonna ask y'all, so I'll start with you Tucker and then let you go. I really appreciate you doing this by the way. You are many of your My nephew sitting right there. This everyone is the Bino Studio. listen man, is this Your nephew here? That's my nephew. Charles Carlson. Right there. Nice To meet you brother. Handsome kids. Very Are good looking people.


Better looking at All of us. Maybe not Don. Don. So obviously the, the polls I You know polls would ever give, but the polls are trending in a really bad direction for Biden. So I'll start with you Tucker. There's been an October surprise every midterm in election since 2016. Any idea about what it could be this time around I mean? it could be anything from Donald Trump's handing Ukraine to Trump because he's him and Don Jr. Working on a real estate project. Like really? When did that, I mean, any idea what that could be? I have no idea. All I know is, and I didn't know this till this morning, that actually it was Iran that tried to kill Trump the other day. Yeah. Amazing. It was Iran. Yeah. He Looked, he looked. It was, isn't it incredible by the way how that leak?


I think the Iranian, how that leaked You know, I have felt for many years that the real threat to me was wrong. They're always calling me racist and flooding my country with illegal aliens. They're pumping fentanyl in Yeah. What's the October surprise? Of course it's war. Probably war with Iran. but I still don't think, and I'm totally opposed to that actually. And I'm not pro Iran, but I Iran is irrelevant to the country that I live in, which is collapsing in a lot of ways that have nothing to do with Iran. So don't tell me Iran is the biggest problem. Okay. Or Putin is the biggest problem. That's not true. I live here. That's not true. Those may be problems or whatever You know. You can worry about that. But those are not the pressing problems. And anyone who tells you they are the pressing problems is a liar.


Yeah. A BI still don't think they can cheat Biden in because it's just so obviously false. No one will ever believe in democracy again. Biden is non-comp menace. He appears to have Parkinson's or some neurological disorder, but that's obvious. It's not even debated anymore. And Trump just got shot in the face and stood up, like pushed off the secret service to stand with blood streaming at his face and said fight. That's the leader, that's the comatose patient. There's no way you can do that. Right? It's not just in America, but to the world. Not one person on the entire planet. Billions of people will believe that. So I don't think they can do it. Yeah. Rachel, I actually want to give this over to Don because I actually have a question related to that.


And then I wanna ask, if you don't mind, Tucker, something, You can do whatever you want. You're, you're the great rich, just Kevin bought, just take So Don Don. What else can they do? I mean, that's my Question. I mean, they, to impeachment didn't work then they tried, you know, taking his businesses away. Then they find him half a billion dollars for paying back bank loans with interest on time. That was that Do More business. Yeah. The banks are literally, the bank is on the stand. They Were witnesses for him. I'm like, no, we wanna do more business with Trump. Like, it was like we got other business with like, we, we'd love to do more. Like, they're like, no, no, no, you are a victim. I mean, everything's a victim. you know? Then when that doesn't work, they try to throw 'em in jail.


They've been trying to do that for quite some time. They've tried to do the same to me because You know, apparently I was an agent of Russia. Had no idea. but it yeah, you, you, you, you are Well were Putin stooges. 'cause we, we we're willing to say that this is bullshit. Which it is. It was the natural progression. Right. I mean it like you you said it, we all got called conspiracy theorists. But like, I I wasn't at all surprised and the, the rhetoric didn't stop. I, I don't know if you saw the clip yesterday when I went on You know, I, I went to the floor. My brother and I are going over there to on the show. Oh yeah. Okay. So like it, it was in like, I'm there. We're there to historic moment. Well you Blame childhood separations on your dad. Yeah. Even though the Lopez Cage, I go, I go, you mean the Obama cages? And this guy goes nuts.


I'm like, he could either, he was too stupid to actually know. Yes. Possible. Yes. Oh, we want, by the way, I'm so unimpressed with so many of these people, don't you to Alice When you get a treat to stupid Russia. But I was like, and I was like, but to, to our point of like where we are as a nation. I was like, oh my God. Like they couldn't even wait 48 hours. Like my dad was shot in the face. Like honestly, like if, if I wasn't sort of part of that movement, I was just a, a citizen and someone spoke to me like that, in that period of time that hostilely like, it, it usually it would end up in a fist fight. Right? Like that's, that's where I'm not allowed to do that be, but like You would've won. Oh, that, yeah. Listen, I'm not getting in fights. I'm not gonna win that, that one would've rid over very fight And.


they would've still me, whatever Attorney in Exactly. Big. But, but like, like, oh my God. They, the narrative, the talking points because they, they have to at least pull back on calling my father a Nazi for like, You know another 36 hours. They'll be back at it because they all, what are they gonna, they can't campaign on the economy. They're not gonna campaign on jobs. I know Joe, Joe Biden's the greatest job. He let people go back to work. Like who was Gonna allow him to be a victim, allow as if he wanted to be shot in the face. Hey bro, bro, send that round down. Hold on, I'm Gonna duck a little bit. Yeah, no, send it again. You missed me. I wanna be a little, it's, these people are insane, But Tucker's right Don, that no one's gonna believe it if he doesn't win. If your dad doesn't win. And so then what do they do?


Yes, exactly. I think that's really fascinating question. And only I think really, I Don't think they care. They're just happy to hold that power. Like, like I said, that's what I was saying earlier. Like there used to be a Democrat party that would at least at, even if I disagree, they at least cared that people believed in democracy for them. Like democracy is like they're ha ha those stupid peasants, they believe in what we're saying. Like it's a soundbite for them. It, it means nothing to them. I mean they're, they, they call every, everyone that they don't like is a fascist, but they're the ones locking up their political opponents. They're the ones You know, fining them. They're the ones censoring speech. They're the ones working with the You know big tech industry to do the same dressed in all Black beating people on the street that you're facia. I mean, just, No, exactly. I mean, you know, I know there's grandmothers that walked inside the velvet ropes on January 6th, like holding You know cell phones.


They didn't even know, they weren't even supposed to be there. Like they, they did jail time. But if you burned down the city of Portland, it's like, well that's different that's for social justice and the vice president can come out and bail you out and raise money for you. It's, it, it's so insane. I, so I, I I hope that people get it, but like, if you, if you don't, can you ever win again? Like as they sort of continue to rig that system and just fill government with more bureaucrats that are gonna get entrenched and just do the damage that they're doing? I, I don't know. It's, it, I don't wanna be dystopian about it. 'cause I mean, I think honestly this week is about hope because I think people realize that we do have a chance, but we are not in a fair fight. You know you gotta beat the margin of fraud. Like, I I kind of say like, to win by two you gotta win by six.


Yeah. Too big to Rig Tucker. Do you, you think we can overcome the margin of fraud? I do. I do. I, I don't, I don't think Trump will lose, I You know I, I'm a terrible predictor of things. I can do big trends, but fine motor skills are, are beyond my ability. but I think in this case, it's just impossible to believe it. And also, can I just be honest? For the last You know, whatever it's been eight years, it's been kind of Trump alone against every power center in the world. And that's no longer true. That's changing really. Elon Musk, within 10 minutes of Trump being shot endorsed Trump, richest man in the world, followed by, you know, one of the former, your former guest who was sitting right here, David Sachs, Andreessen Horowitz, you know, biggest venture capital firm in the world.


There's, we're gonna send money. I mean, it's like all of a sudden it's okay for people who have an awful lot to lose, to be on Trump's side. It's hard to overstate how powerful that is. Yeah. It's like all of a sudden the stigma of supporting Trump. The only reason they've gotten this far in persecuting Trump is because normal people weren not allowed just to object to it. Yeah. People, people have been made to be afraid. But That's away. It's falling away. Totally Falling away. People have been made to be afraid. Right. There was a consequence to being a vocal Trump supporter. There was a con, once you had enough people stand up, it became easy for everybody else. And you had that critical mass. That's right. It became impossible for them to go after him. Exactly. And it's almost, it's a quarterly to when Trump gets shot in the face and stands up anyway. It gives everybody heart.


It makes everybody courageous watching the leader be courageous. When Elon Musk stands up, when David Sachs's a huge deal in the tech world stands up when Andresen Horowitz huge deal in the tech world. The biggest deal in tech world, when they stand up, everyone else is like, you know what? I'm brave now too. And I think that's how movements start. That's how things change. And I think it's too far along to stop it. It's Not just people who are afraid of losing their job or putting a sign in front of their house because You know they have a small business and they're afraid they'll be persecuted. Right after that moment happened, I got a text from a very nice lady in my church and she said, I'm so upset. I'm so sad, I'm praying. And she said, I'm done being quiet.


Yes. And there were a lot of people that just out of politeness because that's how so many conservatives are. I'm not one of those people, but there's a lot of people like that. And I thought that was so to me that was one of the most interesting texts. I'm done being quiet. Amen. And she's a You know an an older You know very classy lady. And she just said, I'm done. I'm done caring about what other people's feelings are. They don't give a damn about our feelings. And so that's where she's at right now. Yeah. The tiktoks, I'm seeing these, the Gen Z is actually actually where we're making the biggest brand. Yes. Because they realize like they have no future. Yeah. You know they'll never own a home. How old is Gen Z? It's That You know, I guess You know the 18 to 25 Or whatever that any liberals.


I never meet any liberals in that. It's, it's hard to believe actually. 'cause that's sort of women, you know, they've been indoctrinated from as from childhood, they've been, you know, they've, from kindergarten on, their teachers are pushing 'em, they've been corrupted by that. They're, they're pushed that way by Hollywood. They're pushed that way by. And yet they're like, well tinker. You might Friendly with, with the knelt guys. They're not overly political at all, but they are definitely not what you take for 18-year-old Liberals. And I've got a lot of kids and a lot of nieces and nephews. I've got one sitting right there. And I, I mean, maybe the people who wind up at my house are like self-selected. Maybe they are, but No, but I'm serious. They're all kind of pretty normal from normal families. I never meet anybody who's like, You know trans rights are the most important thing. I see like 22-year-old girls being like the train thing's driving me crazy.


Actually, it's too insulting to women. Or like, they're just sort of sick of it. Doesn't mean they're right wingers, doesn't mean they're gonna vote Republican, but they're absolutely sick of the pointless silliness of liberalism. 'cause it, it's, it's zero sum. It's a freaking cul-de-sac. It doesn't go anywhere. I gotta gonna let you guys go. You've been generous with your time. I wanna plug an event first. So folks, I'm doing an event with this guy called Tucker Carlson, who, he's Apon League the day it's even after some guy looks like Guy Sto, Putin, sto, big time. It's gonna be in Putin, sto, central Tulsa Global, Like consider lot of Putin guys in Tulsa. So Tucker, I did a book signing out in Oklahoma City and you wanna talk about God's country. Every county voted for Trump. It's the only state we were expected.


300 people, Paul, how many people showed up? Like 1200 or something? We were there four hours. Jim had to help me sign books, produced the Jim in his own book. Everyone's coming to this event if you want tickets, tucker carlson.com. September 11th, me and Tucker on stage up on the screen right now. Do me a favor, go there tonight, pick up tickets, buy your plane tickets. We love you Oklahoma. It's gonna be an amazing event. He's also got events with Vive with You got one with Don too, right? You got, you got these. Yeah. I'm too embarrassed to talk about this. That's why I, I can't sell anything. Listen, you're so good at it though Guys. I'm gonna sell it for him, right? Yeah. We do have an event. I, that's right. I don't even, I forgot the dates, but I agree Party, Party me because he's really bad at this and I'm, it's in Key West and I'm at Yeah, exactly.


Tucker doesn't like, he's a humble guy and I'm not, I'm sorry. I think you can probably get that this, he's really gives a shit. He's doing these events. Not in New York City. Nothing wrong with New York City, it's just he's doing 'em in places. A lot of conservatives just don't go and talk to people. Tulsa's one of those stops. He's gonna be all over the country. Go to tucker carlson.com, you can buy tickets. They are very affordable. We are. It is gonna be the most candid conversation. We'll shake hands, we'll say hello. People ask me, Hey, you gonna say hello? Fuck yeah. I'm gonna say, what the hell you think I'm going to Tulsa for? I'm going there to say hello. We're gonna be there. Tucker carlson.com. Tucker carlson.com. Buy tickets. There's a number of events if you can't make mine, it's one with Don Vive.


He's got an amazing lineup of speakers. Tucker carlson.com. But the champagne room is extra. The champagne room is that kid Rock. Rock would be there. The Tucker Carlson Dance. Not Worth It was worth it. I had to You know even before I signed up. Like you, I've actually been in the champagne room in Kid Rock's bar in Nashville, right? I, I had to get an IV the next day, so I actually went back to the house too. You've been there, the White House there. I Have. I have. Very nice, right? I, but He said it was the Tennessee White House. I thought he was kidding. Like actual, oh, He's absolutely not kidding. Actual, It looks like the actual one. He's got a church slash horse stable on his property. It is the most beautiful. It's amazing property. All right folks, thank you so much for tuning in. Rumble. We kicked ass largest live stream in the world tonight by a factor of like 22,000 180 plus thousand people.


Watch. God bless you. Long live free speech. Thank you Chris Pavlovsky and the Rumble team. You got, we got Viva here too, who's awesome. He's always chime in and thank you Gee, and the team at Rumble, you guys are awesome for putting this on. See you guys tomorrow on the podcast. 11:00 AM Eastern, 10:00 AM local, and I got another special tomorrow night with Jack Po Soc and Mike Davis. Thank you Rachel too for gracing us with your presence. We appreciate it. And thank you for hiring Avita. Oh God, listen, it's the best decision me and Paul ever made. We launched her show today and she was one of the biggest dreamers in the world. Take care folks. See you tomorrow. Thanks a lot. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.