
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, welcome back to the Dan Bongino Show. We are live at the RNC. I've got a co-host and really an amazing guest. So let me just give you a heads up. First.


MyPillow have it at $25 Extravaganza Sale and some of their amazing products. You can check out the deals@mypillow.com. Make sure you use promo code. Dan, great company paid for the show. Really appreciate it folks.


So today we're here at the RNC and I I, I've obviously known about Russell Brand forever. I, we were just having a conversation. You're never supposed to talk about conversations off the air because have it on the air, whatever. But it's important. I said to him, Russell You know you should be really proud of yourself. I said, most people in their lives, not you out there in the audience, not men as an insult or anything like that to be derogatory, but most people get one act. They do whatever that is. You may be You know the best writer, the best poet. You may be the best sanitation worker. Man, listen, everybody in this world adds value and makes the world a better place. Almost nobody gets two acts. Almost nobody. Nobody gets three acts. And I said to Russell, I think you and I share a lot in common because you were a world, world-class comedian, known comedian, known all over the world.


You were an actor in some of the most epic movies ever forgetting Sarah Marc. I said, people must still to this day, now you're one of the world's top podcasters on Rumble and elsewhere and you're in your third act doing it. It's just amazing. So again, I've got Avita with me right here from early edition with Avita. We're both gonna be hitting Russell with some questions. He's been kind enough to join us for about a half an hour. Russell, how does that make you feel though been having been in all these spaces? I can see you're kind of thinking about that now, that I should save your answer for the, this is your third act, man, that never happens When being at somewhere like the RNC, even though it's entirely novel to me. There are things that are familiar to, for example, when you're inside the entertainment industry and you go to award ceremonies and there's a particular atmosphere and a sense of hierarchy and power and trends.


There are certain sort of patterns it seems that move through life. I was interested, Dan, and when we were speaking earlier on air at how you have deployed your abilities in various areas. Also still, I suppose at the root of it, you feel like there is some, a central thing in you that's looking to express itself because of the way that things are politically right now over the course of today, while I've been talking to You know people that are obviously strongly associated with the right, who are figures of the right You know my, from my country, Nigel Farra or Marjorie Taylor Green and Nigel, slightly different. I've known him for a long time and I've had sort of actual confrontations, verbal confrontations with him on air.


But Marjorie Taylor Green, I've only sort of seen her in how she's sort of condemned and treated in ordinary media and she's one of those people where I looked at her and I thought, I can tell she's all right. I can tell she's a person that I recognize. I know that type of woman from England, like women that are like not gonna take any shit. I, and I like that. but I know that sort of, because there are still legacy media outlets that sort of, I, I feel they're encroachment And, they tendrils. I've been attacked by them so many, many times. I've moved through that world and it's difficult to sort of feel like you owe any kind of loyalty or feely to organizations and institutions that have such a a a, it seems to me at least what I've experienced, abominable values when I first came, came out, when I first saw that I did this interview once.


You Almost did like in a, but in a real way, not like in some artificial way. You Know. It was firstly, I, I did a interview on the BBC in the UK probably over 10 years ago now with a guy called Jeremy Paxman who was the sort of defining pundit stroke anchor in UK news. He was the guy that would take politicians to task, right? And like ask them the difficult question and be a bullish and abrasive with them. And I had an interview with him once where I said that I didn't believe, I said, I don't believe have a party. I wouldn't vote for any of them. And no one that I grew up with votes for people either because we don't believe in politics. Think whoever you vote for, you get the same sort of thing. They're all corrupted and owned by the same, owned by the same set of interests and systems.


There was this moment where like sort of some people within liberal media had sort of been kind of excited about me for various reasons, whether it was to do with the entertainment industry, but I notice how quickly they sort of turned on me when I spoke, sort of, when I became sort of openly anti-establishment and the people that were worst were not the right wing media in my com country. That's organizations like The Telegraph say for example. But the ones that meant of be like liberal and liberalism, the way they present it is meant to be about equality and civil rights and kindness and love values that you might find in spirituality or religion. And obviously now I would see it from a perspective of Christianity. They were the people that seemed to take the most delight in being cruel and being mean.


But just so that it's not like just about myself. 'cause I obviously talk about myself a lot with, I, I had the realization with Marjorie, like before I met her, if Marjorie Taylor Green, if it suited them when she was like bringing down Anthony Fauci, they would go look at this woman and how she handles the patriarchy. This is a feminist icon, but because they sort of don't like the stuff she says or the class she's from and the way that she talks, they're like, ugh. They would, if they could, they would just call her a bitch or a whore. But then no, they're not allowed to use those words. But that's what they're thinking. That's what they're thinking. And I actually think that that's sort of what they believe. And so as I've moved through these various worlds, in a way I've been doing the same thing. In fact, I don't know that I ever would've even become a standup comedian if had I been introduced to the possibility that you could get involved in evangelism or preaching or talking to congregations.


But the culture that I come from, people don't tell you openly. God is real. There is a way that you could, there are tools, there is access, there is a system of belief that can help you navigate these spaces. Why? That's why I became speaker just for myself. but I think it's pretty common become a drug addict and an alcoholic is because, is this it? Is this it? Am I supposed to stay alive and experience this? Is what is the meaning? What is the value? And then pursuing fame and becoming famous and sleeping around and doing drugs and having access to famer money. Is this it? Is this it all of them? Do you find like It's an endless search for dopamine sex drugs? Like if this is it, I might as well have a good time, right? I mean, just get the dopamine high.


Well, I don't actually think that it was just accepting dopamine and pleasure. I think it was the pursuit, the feverish pursuit of something beautiful and something real. And it's only now You know as a father of three kids at this point in my life, I'm beginning to get a real sense of what it is, even though I've also been in recovery for 21 years. So I'm a slow learner. I think I'd learn slow, I think fast. but I learned slow. And like when I got clean from drugs and alcohol, I started to sense, oh, it's about spirituality and stop being so self-centered and selfish and pursuing stuff. But it's only since Christianity that I'm starting to realize how fundamental the letting go of selfishness is and how, how difficult that can be without guidance.


That's what I wanna ask you about your conversion, because you've been talking about it all week, that we are in a spiritual war. Dan, you talk about this on your show all the time too. You're seeing things like transhumanism you, you're carrying your rosary beads with you right now. And how is that going to I think affect the right, because we're seeing diff competing interests, right? We're seeing You know the, we're seeing really a revival in Christianity at the same time. But at the up at RNC, we're also seeing this idea that we're gonna be a big tent. So how do you, how, how do you think we should grapple with that and who we are as a, as a movement? Well, I don't know about the right at all, but what I would sense is that, that Christianity, my, my humble contribution to it as another Christian will be to communicate about what I've learned in a way that I hope might impact people differently.


Because I've come not only from a background in addiction, but also someone that's been infatuated with fame and also someone that's been very interested in new ageism and a variety of different religious ideas and rejected Christianity primarily because of its availability ubiquity and its simplicity. And like, oh, that's what my nan does, that's for grandmas. I'm not interested in this stuff. And, and, and I sort of somehow thought I'd already read the Bible. I'm always doing that. I do that of everything. If people asked what I thought of a film, even if I've not seen it, I'll sort of go, yeah, I've given an opinion on the film, even if I've not seen it. It's a terrible trait. But like when I actually read the Bible, it was like every single day I'm getting struck with extraordinary power and mystery that pertains to me and talks openly and continually about the necessity of overcoming self, which has always been the challenge.


Not so much the pursuit of dopamine, but the belief that my personal pleasure and power was the apex of experience rather than happiness is a byproduct of purpose. Happiness is a byproduct of purpose. And I go in and out of it because I do purposeful things a bunch. You know, like you said, I've done a lot of things in different areas. It's not like I've been sat on my ass in a wheelbarrow smoking weed, been do, I did do that, but I've done other things. Yeah. While you were doing the right, right, right. Sent some memos during that audition for cat food commercials. So like You know. So I suppose, yeah, how do I imagine that I I, well the, the point that I would make like to make easier for mate is that, that perhaps like an authentic Christianity will pursue peace and authentic Christianity will pursue love.


And in spite of the fact that outside of this extraordinary event, the legacy media will still be saying JD Vance is a monster. Trump is a monster. You have to vote Biden, otherwise it's gonna be fascism. Trump will make himself dictator. There will be no more elections. What you, what is irrefutable is that the leaders of this political party are saying, we want to end war. We care about ordinary Americans. Now that being able to represent ordinary Americans above corporate interest, I'll be, ill enjoy seeing how that plays out and I remain skeptical about any political movement that operates within these institutions being able to enact those kind of policies.


Mm. But starting with getting out of foreign wars seems like in itself, as we discussed before on my show, such an important thing that I can't believe that people can still be so celebratory of a hollowed out, facile, corrupt military industrial complex sponsored farmers, big pharma support in Dem party while still claiming that the only that that the demonization of Trump is that, that that, that, that, excuse me, that their ongoing demonization of Trump is the only tune they have to play. Well I, well I was gonna, so I talked about this on the early edition, the, this clip on Fox of JD Vance saying, you know, he's gonna, we have to hit Iran hard and all this.


And, and it just felt very, I think impulsive and, and aggressive. And it was, and I I so many people that I respect like JD Vance, Dan, you, you, you have a lot of great things to say about him. Tucker Carlson has a lot of great things to say about him. I, I don't know. How do we, how, how, I guess how do you guys feel about those comments about Iran and this, this need, I think on the, on, you know, an energy to say, no, we're not, we're not for forever wars. We're not interested in that as a party anymore. And then you see this from our VP candidate. I'm really interested in what you guys think about that. Dan, you should go first because I didn't actually see those comments. And even though I say that I will comment on things even if I've not seen them. You gotta stop Yourself. I'll Be able to do it better if I've seen what you think first.


'cause remember, you like to, with integrity and investigation represent political perspectives responsibly. I do, I do. And I wanna marry up what you said with our question. There is no, it is not a talking point to state that this military industrial complex is real. It's an axiomatic fact. You can call it whatever you want. Like I said, the deep state, the silly state, the complex, it doesn't matter. There is profit to be made off war. I'm not an anti profit guy, Russell, I'm a capitalist. I'm all about it. And if people make money producing weapons that'll keep everybody safe, that's great. But if your only motive is to keep a perpetual war state going precisely because of the profit motive involved and people are being brought home in body bags because of it, I have a natural issue with it.


I don't like easy categories when people go, oh, that, like he said, oh, he is an isolationist. Oh he's a racist, he's a fascist, all this one. They're nonsense, they're bullshit and they're tricks and they're easy way outs for morons who don't wanna do a deeper analysis. Listen, the Iran questions a complicated one, but the Iranians have, they literally chant death to America. I, you know, I mean we had relatively stable relationship, a stable relationship with Russia before the Ukraine verse And, they have nuclear weapons. So it's a different scenario. But You know, if we were to find out, I don't know what JD knows or doesn't, he hasn't got any briefings yet, but if we find out that there's some kind of dirty bomb plot in a rant to take out of an American city, we're not gonna wait for 'em to strike first.


So it's a complicated question and I I, I mean, I don't mean to give a long-winded answer, but it's a different scenario. And you're right though there are impulsive comments people make about this stuff that, I mean, Russell and I chatted about it before to try to sound tough. Like I think we become risk averse. Like Biden doesn't, he wants to do just enough in Ukraine to not look like he lost Ukraine without saying to people, guys, listen, we're running outta money, we're going bankrupt. We don't have the ability to defend every nation on earth. I'm sorry, just like in the American Revolution, we figured it out. You're gonna have to figure this out on your own. And no one has the balls to say that. There you go. That's, yeah, That's really good. And I also would like to add that America's incredible freight and hef and might or and could be deployed to bring about diplomatic solutions.


And the fact that it isn't seems to significantly influenced by the fact that there are profits to be made in the manner that you've described. And our country too, even just having had an election has just doubled down on continued funding in the same manner. And to your point about JD Vance's comments, again, as I said, I didn't see them, but my concern would be, I suppose that there seems to be a kind of systemic inertia that once people arrive in positions of power, there are sort of various tendrils that latch around them and they're sort of maneuvered into a particular direction. And I know this won't be a popular thing to say on this channel in particular, but Donald Trump was in office between 2016 and 2020, like the sky interchange color, you know, like, I mean like there were no more foreign wars.


And I think that's really, really fantastic. but I think that perhaps both sides of the, the political argument in this country ought to perhaps consider whether there is a bolder vision that could be realized. Even though I appreciate and respect what you say, Dan, that what you expect from government is administration manner, managerialism getting the hell out of the way and allowing you to get on with your life. And I think that is the one area where I've most found it easy to identify with, like libertarianism, the right republicanism. 'cause other than being there to facilitate and support and offer love You know, forgive the sort of wishy washiness of the, the final word. I don't want any involvement, like, I mean in a very intuitive way. I don't like being told what to do.


I don't like accept authority like that. When Did that become cool? Listen, let me take this one quick break here and I wanna ask you about this. 'cause this is where I'm, you as a guy who were, you were surrounded by leftists in this entertainment complex. Most of your, I I genuinely, I I'm not being sarcastic. Do not understand this quick break here.


Hey, you've asked the MyPillow, listen. They're finally bringing you the most requested offer yet get the queen size premium MyPillow now only 1998 MyPillow is made with patented adjustable fill and adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned, holds it shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. I miss mine. I'm sleeping in a hotel, nice hotel, but I can't deal with the pillows. Get their six piece kitchen or bed towel sets only $25. The brand new a mattress topper as low as 69 point 98. Get their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. Hit 'em up mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow for only 1998. It's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today. Thanks MyPillow, we appreciate it.


Russell being surrounded by leftist your whole life. I ran in Maryland, I grew up in New York, I've been surrounded by them too. I have tried and tried and tried to understand how it became somewhat cool and edgy. Whatever word you want to use. I don't know, I'm an old man now. I don't know all the cool terms. But for this paternalism where people in Hollywood are supposed to be like the James Dean cigarette smoking down the street, Marilyn Monroe, they want the government to babysit 'em like a bunch of fucking nannies. Like how you, I wanna go to the doctor. Oh, call nanny government. I don't give a shit what the, the government tells me to go to the doctor. I wanna go my own damn doctor. I wanna send my kid to a good school.


No, no, you're gonna send him to a shit school. Well why? Because the government said that's the government school. Like when did this paternalism become cool? Like I thought Hollywood people weren supposed to be the renegades, not, not the pussies. Pardon my language man. You know. Like what's up with that? I don't know what ideology is really. And I, I don't know how to even quantify, qualify or describe it politically. It seems to me to be simply conformity. There is no radicalism in it. When I felt, when I was thinking about what might once have been meant by that movement, I think of men like Martin Luther King or Malcolm X and in particular people with strong religious faith.


In the case of Malcolm X, a Muslim. And in the case of Martin Luther King, obviously a devout Christian minister who gave their lives for civil rights, in particular the racial struggle in this country, and believed that they could change the world through sacrifice. Somehow those sort of values have, I don't know, been devoured and eaten by the culture in a way that doesn't make even metabolic sense. I don't know where that's gone, that energy, it doesn't seem to be about civil rights in a meaningful way. It seems to be about legitimizing authority through the increase of fear and the pledge of safety and the pandemic was just the most heightened and evident and obvious example of that.


I, before when I used to hear people like Jordan Peterson saying, oh you know man, that's the left. I used to think, well I don't where is the, that's not the left. 'cause for me, the left was men would be about like supporting working people, like sort of people that worked in manufacturing industry or like around where I grew up. It would've been car manufacturing for through the Ford plant in Ham or people that worked in the police service or fire service nurses and then teachers and like people that you know, like you'd describe frequently in your show, people that work for a living. My understanding was, you know, 'cause in my country it's called not the Democrat high's called the Labor Party. They meant to represent the working people. Now you can politically track the cr, the chronology of those mutations.


It happened in particular and significantly under Tony Blair when he inspired by Clinton and Allied to George W. Bush became a set what was called a centrist. But ultimately that meant, although we would never have used this term then a globalist who supported war, that was a sort of a pivotal moment whether left in this country changed. And so, I don't know, I guess, I don't know when it stopped being genuinely, when it stopped being actually cool when it stopped being like, oh wow, these movie stars or rock stars or hip hop stars or whatever are aligned with real values and become corporatized that I don't fully understand Don.


but I figure, it's got something to do with money and ease. I Don know, I, I guess so. you know, you just use the line. You remind me of something I say on my show all the time. You said, you know, they, they, they legitimize authority through fear and do you ever see the show The Walking Dead? you Know, I ain't seen anybody. I know you mean they Zombies? Yeah, no show zombies and shit like that. So there's this one scene where You know the world ends, the zombies are coming for and all of the living human beings, they that You know Officer Rick, they run in this prison. It's an abandoned prison And, they run it now who runs into a prison voluntarily. When you're more frightened about what's on the outside, the freaking zombies, and I use this analogy on my show all the time. I call it the Walking Dead analogy that's the left.


They voluntarily, spiritually imprison themselves. They do it themselves because the left is so indoctrinated them that what's on the other side is so fearsome Donald Trump, the fascists, the racist, they're all coming. Everybody's coming for it. Do you notice that everybody's coming for, nobody's coming for, what are you talking about? I'm a conservative. I don't, I don't wanna be all the the fuck outta my life. I don't wanna bother with anybody. Like leave me alone. I'm not coming for you. I'm not even coming for myself. I can't even figure myself out like what the hell are you talking about me? Like you ever notice that everybody's coming for you? Everybody's coming for, and that legitimizing authority through fear Brother. Man, you just nailed that. That is so right. You know. Yeah, well that's the thing that I most noticed during the pandemic and it's when sort of our, our like the content that I've made has always been to a degree anti-establishment.


That's why slightly when people say you've been red pilled, right? I slightly sort of like, hold on. I've never been into the establishment. I suppose I've been perhaps somewhat easily beguiled by the fact that I was doing well. Making movies and being You know when you're doing that kind of stuff, it's difficult. You take so an iron will when people are telling you that you are fantastic to consider the possibility that you might not be fantastic, that all of your success and the billboards on Sunset Boulevard might simply be an inadvertent side effect of some other people making money out of you. It's very difficult to have that kind of disciplined mind. I feel like you will agree with this, that people are inherently religious beings like we all are.


So when we're talking about the left and how crazy they've become and how You know dramatically they've changed since the 1960s or even like the 1970s. What, what are we looking at? What kind of religious basis is it? 'cause you're right, like civil rights is something that we could say You know there's a Christian foundation for it. You we're all You know have souls. We all have unique value because we're created in the image of God. Where is this coming from? What is underpinning the vitriol and anger and anti-Christian animosity that we're seeing from the left Right now? I feel that the aim is control. The aim I feel is control. I still bulk a little at the use of the term the left because I'm still aware of movements in my country around 2017 where temporarily the labor party, the left wing party was, it seems odd to say captured by sort of a left wing politician.


'cause they, they, they allowed us an electoral process where members of the labor party rank and file normal people that send $50 a year or whatever could vote. And this elevated Jeremy Corbin. And at that time there was a really interesting speech by Steve Bannon at the Oxford Union where he said there is going to be a massive shift in politics and it's going to be populism. We don't know yet said Bannon five years ago, 10 years ago, I'm not sure how long. He said, we don't know yet if it's gonna be left wing populism or right wing po populism. But what we know is a different type of politics is emerging. Our country strangled and stifled that movement, which did seem to have as one of its concerns, perhaps its primary concern representing the interests of ordinary people.


Hmm. I don't think I declare that the left could, should, ought represent the interests of ordinary people. It doesn't anymore in any place or in any way that I can appreciate or understand certain, like in countries like yours or a country or a country like mine. We've just elected a globalist government under the sort of merest auspices of leftism. But they are a corporatist, authoritarian war support in government. That's what they ultimately are. Just with the sort of hue of it when you say and, but we were to your point of anti Christianity, I am becoming increasingly worse since reading about it more and learning about it more. That there's a persecution of any value system that makes you less pliable and malleable.


The ideas that I think transcend our political ideas I are are ideas like I think progressivism, but I don't mean cultural progressivism. I mean the idea that human beings are getting better and better and moving towards something like this is the best it's ever been. Look at our technology, forget the past. We don't need to learn anything from them. We're merging People with machines. Yes. Yeah. And replacing God. So saying there is no God, so we can be God. If you acknowledge there's a God, then you have to live differently. You have to live like all people have inherent value. You have to live like you are in a position of submission and surrender. You have to acknowledge that life is about duty and purpose. If there is no God, you may as well enjoy pleasure and privilege. And even if you choose not to live a life of, of violence and domination, you can't argue with people that do because from where are you deriving your principles and values?


How are you saying that violence and dominion are wrong unless inherently there is a universal moral code that deep down all of us know and understand. Yeah. Russell You know what, I was a a cop and then worked for the, for the government and I was, I don't know, maybe mid thirties or so before the show took off. I mean, I remember the first time someone, you know, recognized me. I was going into a gym and, and the guy said, Hey, are you Dan Bonino? I was genuinely stunned. I'm like, how does this guy know me? And I don't know, I was in a local newspaper or some ridiculous thing like that. I I don't have one 1000 to the notoriety, you know, guys like you have who've been in multiple different spaces. But, you know, having gotten a, a large degree of notoriety and fame at an early age, me at a later age, but to a lesser degree, I say I have this conversation with my wife all the time.


I I it is so corrupting. It is so inherently polluting. It's like a, a cancer that gets in your body that you can't, there's no chemo that can kill it. How did you deal with that at such an early age? I mean, I, I see these guys like Justin Bieber kid was famous when he was like 16. There's almost no way you're gonna grow up saying it's just so everybody tells you how great you are when you suck. And it's like, you, you, there's no You know what I'm saying? There's no corrective mechanism. How did you deal with it? Well, I think of the word intoxicating is a really good one that because toxicity in like intoxicating can be sort of a really joyous experience.


But to be sort of bewildered for a minute. But also it is a form of poisoning obviously in the most literal sense. I wasn't that young. I was about 30. I'd been really working for a long time. I'd started doing like being in like little plays and stuff like that at school when I was 15 and started doing standup in my early twenties. It took a long while. I did it for a long while for nothing. While living actually, if I can be honest on welfare as a drug addict, signing on, getting welfare checks, doing standup comedy, doing it in front of very, very small audiences. It took a lot of time and it took a lot of diligence and I learned how to fail again and again and again and again and again. I was about fur in, I was clean from drugs and alcohol by the time I got famous.


but it, then it begins again, a kind of, as you say, it is a bewildering thing to enter into. It is corrupting and it is overwhelming. And I suppose it's designed to be, I sort of suppose I feel that whether whatever institution you're entering into, whether it's Hollywood or politics, it's like there's a machine, a system that's waiting for the raw fodder of new talent. And when you come it just, it sort of guzzles you up and hopefully you sort of behave relatively correctly. I even think that people like sort of, 'cause I watched a documentary the other day, it was 15 minutes long. It wasn't too demanding about Barack Obama, but it was made before, I think he was a senator and it was made by PBS or whatever. And it was such a sort of an optimistic thing about someone that was clearly very brilliant and a very sort of successful individual with a really unique and unusual background with like one parent from Africa or Kenya I think specifically.


And that had spent time in Indonesia and had done a lot of good stuff because at that point, the point that this PBS documentary had been made, they hadn't had time to sort of shape it all and go, don't say that, that makes it sound You know. Right? And you see Michelle Obama and she seems like a, just a go get 'em kind of koko lawyer. And then by 2008 when Barack Obama is bailing out the banks and not delivering on hope and change and carrying on like pretty much any president droning kids and all of that kind of stuff. And participating perhaps in the deterioration of what would've once been regarded as the left of center. But I still wouldn't call that left like You know. I feel like what must have happened, what must happened to all of us, me in my relatively insignificant way participate in institutions like Hollywood, people that go near real power.


It seems that like You know refa messes you up. God knows what that kind of power must do to them. God knows what kind of faith in God and what kind of belief and connection you would require not to start to feel it sort of seeping into you and devouring you. 'cause what it was like for me, even though I was 30, even though I was in recovery and even though I sort of knew myself a little bit, is it's overwhelming to go from a person that doesn't have power, doesn't feel special, doesn't feel attractive to like You know then I wouldn't drinking or taking drugs no more. But to suddenly have high availability of sexual partners, it's like a sort of magical dream. It's on one level incredible because it's like you are told that that's what you're supposed to want from your culture.


You are told that if You know that the, the way you gain significance and power is through fame and success and that the rewards of this are evident and obvious. You're gonna have a lot of money. You're gonna go places in private jets, everyone's gonna wanna sleep with you, you're gonna have freeways, it's all gonna be amazing. And you do that and aspects of it are sort of stimulating and really, really stimulating. But to a point I made earlier, there is something else that we are looking for. There's certainly something else that I was looking for. And it requires a little bit of discipline and some pretty hard lessons and some serious insight to get there. So yes, it was intoxicating, it was bewildering. I'm very glad I've had the experience. 'cause I suppose now as a father, these are things I can offer to my children. Lord alone knows whether or not they'll listen.


but I can, I can tell them about the reality of drugs. I can tell them about the reality of fame of money and the necessity for spiritual life, the importance of having a purpose. But even as I'm saying this, I'm thinking they're not listening to me now and they're six and seven and they're already swearing at me and kicking my ass at regular intervals and behaving Now they want to. So hopefully they'll, I'll be able to deliver some of these lessons. I I have to ask you about kids in Hollywood because you, you were said it's intoxicating and it was corrupting and you were an adult and there are so many kids who go into this industry, they get chewed up and spit out. You know. I mean it's just awful. There was a, a documentary about kids who are Nickelodeon that came out on HBO and there was sexual abuse and none of them became realized adults because it was so stunting.


Do you think that kids should even be in Hollywood as a father? I think could be allowed. I don't think, I don't know that I would do it. I feel like kids maybe enjoy showing off. but I did a couple of movies that had kids in them and I've sort of felt like this don't seem right somehow. I don't mean in any nefarious way. I was in particular, I can remember a movie I did with Adam Sandler and that guy's a straight up beautiful dude. I love, love him. And he ran, he says, Was that bedtime stories? Yeah, exactly. Loved That movie. So The kids in that, there was just weird stuff like the kids have that the kids can only work a certain number of hours a day. So the kids have doubles. So there were some kids that are the stars and then there were kids that double for them. And the kids that are the stars get treated real nice. But the kids that are just the doubles, right?


You now you get in there, oh that lie on those kids. And then one time they had like a little person and a small person, whatever you call 'em, you know, like a dwarf I guess You know doing it. That was a crazy day, you know? 'cause I, I didn't know that it was really turned around. I was surprised. You know, like it, it's a weird little world inside there. Also the idea of monetizing childhood. I know the show business has always had traditions of doing that kind of stuff. But when you learn like from, as I'm aware of that Nickelodeon documentary, that there's an institutionalized exploitation that seems extremely common and we're all talking about it in various ways. The use of mm, trafficking exploitation. Yeah, I, there's, there is some things going on there.


Me, I don't think I want my children anywhere near that. I don't put 'em on social media or nothing like that. Just 'cause of the experiences I've had with famous celebrity and because I know how famous celebrity can turn. It's amazing when everyone thinks you're wonderful. But what about if they just change their mind? What if you say, say something they don't like, then you are ready for a sort of a, a different go on the Carousel You know Russell exit question. You've been generous with your time folks. You can find his show by the way, on Rumble Russell brand has his own show. It is phenomenal. Just put his name in the search bar, give him a follow click that green button. We really appreciate him on Rumble. He's a huge advocate for free speech. Lighter question on the way out, we've been talking politics, Christianity, serious topics, polluting effects of fame.


I ask everyone famous or with some degree of notoriety the same question. Sometimes you get an answer, sometimes you don't. I, I knew when I had kind of cracked it open, there was a moment, this young speech I gave about the Second Amendment at the Maryland Capitol one Nuclear. And I knew things were gonna change. Was there a road to Damascus moment where you're, you're performing, you're doing comedy, you're acting or whatever, and you're thinking to yourself, wow, I made it. Like think to you see or hear yourself on the radio. Do you see a billboard? And you're like, gosh, everything's gonna be different now I Support West Tammy United Football Club and I've been going there most of my life, You know with my dad when I was a kid with my mates, when I was a little older, sometimes even on my own.


And then one day in 2006 I went and I don't, I guess I've been on a really popular talk show in my country. Everyone recognized me. Oh, what you fucking doing here? How come you are coming in now? I've never seen you here before. Just good accent. He's Done. Jordan Peterson, Canadian, the Jordan Peterson, all different dial. Well Dad, I dunno if You know, but I used to be an accent rather than people Saw that, man, I can't fake an accent for shit. You're pretty good. And you flip in and out like that. You did the Jordan Peters. It's not like he was sitting in the room. Holy shit, that's good. Oh thanks. So that, yeah, the football game, Everyone. And then they made me sing a chant like a famous way. And I thought, oh God, it's changed. This has changed now everything is different.


There've been lovely little like moments like that. That was actually quite beautiful. A moment where it felt like achievement and excitement when I didn't think of fame as something solely toxic, corrupting and divisive. But something that's sort of a sort of a celebration of performance or showing off or creativity or something. So probably that moment. I want to thank you for a couple of things. I want thank you first for advocating for free speech with Rumble. We don't have to agree on everything. That's the point of free speech. You tell me where you stand, I tell you where I stand. Maybe we meet in the middle, maybe we don't. And secondly, your advocacy for, for faith in Jesus Christ. It matters a lot to me. Matters a world to Avita You know we, we run into each other in church sometimes and the world is empty without it, man, the world is empty without it.


I mean there's only so many private jets and cars. You can only drive one car at a time. You can only spend $1 at a time. You can only get on one fancy computer at a time and you can't take any of it with you. Love for Jesus. No And, you know what, she's right. None of that is getting buried with you ever. Thank you my friend, for spending the time. Really appreciate it folks, thanks so much for tuning in so much. I, I really deeply appreciate it. I'll be at the Rrn C tonight watching the speech. We'll also be recording some content for tomorrow. Thanks again. See you back on Rumble. Download the Rumble app and join us on your desktop, Rumble dot com slash bonino. Take care. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.