
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, this is our special today on, well, unfortunately it's a very tragic day for a number of reasons. One, I wish we weren't having to cover this at all. Which 1:00 AM I looking at? The one with the which, which, which is the best? This one right ahead. Sorry. I wish you didn't have to cover this at all. An attempted assassination of Donald Trump in addition to the murder of Corey Comparator, but it's also a very solemn day as well. Just wanna make sure we acknowledge the death of the 13 at Abbey Gate and Afghanistan. This is a really sad anniversary, and when I was over at Fox doing the Patriot Awards, I'll never forget sitting next to the table of the parents.


And I got in the show late and they were sitting there, so I didn't know who they were 'cause I had walked into the show late and they seemed so sad. And I asked a friend of mine, I said, who is that? And they said, it's the families of the 13. So just an acknowledgement to them that you know, God bless you. And our, our, our thoughts are most certainly with you today. We got a big show for you today, two hours, 10 to 12. And then after that, we've got a special congressional hearing with five fire starters. And I mean that in the most positive way in Congress who are just, you know, they're not looking to put this out. We're gonna start some fires and figure out what's going on to get some lights and fires under people's asses and get some answers on this assassination attempt.


I'm gonna start with some questions today. And I. Wanna clear up something too that happened with me? And then we're gonna get to the show. I've got Congressman Eli Crane and Congressman Chip Roy. More coming. These guys are great, you love them.


Today's show we brought to you by Beam Beam's Labor Day Sale is here, has never been a better time to finally try Beam's Dream Powder. I needed some last night. Stuff's a game changer for me. Find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


Also, we're gonna do the spots a little different today just to kind of minimize the breaks. So bear with us. We really appreciate your patience. They keep the show free, and many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy, endless wars inflation, and relentless assault in our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. Gee, who is the customer service guy you love over there? Milton. Milton. Milton. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines fighting for our rights. The sanctity of life are military and first responder Heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes today. Put America first. You'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your need. So keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to be one of us. They're not. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot via you free month of service today.


And one more sponsor and we'll get right to the show for you. Interest rates have dropped right now and the perfect time is now to call my friends at American. Financing. They're a family owned business and they help people like you create meaningful savings every month. They're salary based mortgage consultants. Look at your full financial picture. All your debts, including those frustrating credit card balances where you're paying upwards of 20 to 30% interest payments every month. You don't want that. And they work with you to create a loan program or they wipe that out. In some cases, you'll have cash left over to create some emergency savings. American Financing, American Financing, they're a true partner in helping you and your family save money. They never charge any upfront or hidden fees. It costs you absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. Their average customer is saving over $800 a month. If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. How about that? 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 is the number. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or visit them online at American Financing dot net N mls 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls could consumer access.org.


I guess we don't have a bell either, which we do it ring did it. Wow. Folks in the chat. I, I gotta do quality control for my show. Did the bell ring Anita get on that? Did the bell ring? I, I, I trust him. But you know, gee, he may be throwing me a little curve ball here. So a couple things before I get to the show. Number one, thank you to the Heritage Foundation for allowing us to use this amazing studio and space for this really important hearing today on the Trump assassination attempt. We really appreciate that. Just met some of the kind folks. So thank you guys. We deeply appreciate. They got a great crew here. Very tech savvy. Thank you to Gee and Justin too for flying up with me last night. Oh good. The bell did ring. The chat's always on. We had to squeeze Justin on the plane.


He barely made it. He's seven feet tall so he barely got in there. So. we appreciate Justin doing that. And one quick thing before we get started here. So folks, I wanna clear something up. I don't talk to media people ever because they suck. And. I can't stand him. And however much you can't stand them, I promise you can't stand them enough. The level of suck in media is so astronomical. There isn't a proper suck measurement stick. So I'm in Florida, I love Florida. There was a plan to build some golf course in a state park. People reached out to me for help. I reached out to one of the people involved. I only know him because don donate to a charity and the project then went away. Local media people, of course, are trying to paint this out to be some big conspiracy theory, of course, because they suck.


I'm just telling you, that was my role in it. Only I lived there locally and it was a nice park and that was it. So there you go. Media people, there's your statement. And here's my other statement too. So that's just for you. You can take a screenshot of that. That's my other one. Let's get to this important hearing today, ladies and gentlemen. It's been about six weeks since Donald Trump was shot in the head. Corey comparator was murdered and two other people were shot in an apocalyptic security failure. These five heroic congressmen are looking for answers. Eli, Crane, Congressman Biggs, we got Chip Roy, we got Corey Mills and Mac Gates. They want answers. And the answers are not forthcoming. We've seen nothing. We've seen almost zero accountability.


They asked me, given my prior work experience in the Secret Service, if I would come up and be a part of this panel. It's gonna beginning at noon. I said, yeah, if we could do my podcast before and talk to you guys as well, I think it'd be fantastic. So let me welcome these two heroes. You got Congressman Chip Roy to my left, Congressman, thanks for coming out. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. And Congressman Eli Crane. Thank you sir. We appreciate it. So let's get right to it. Congressman, Congressman Roy, I'll, I'll start with you first. I was gonna go in a different order, but the Secret Service has a multi-billion dollar budget. I mean, you are up there. You are in a, you are in appropriate, you're in, you're inappropriate, you're in Congress. You literally have the power of the purse in this body. You belong to a multi-billion dollar budget in nearly any private sector, any enterprise.


You could build a widget, run a security company, fly a plane. How is it that, you know, we give these, these entities in the government all of this and yet still no one has been fired for the security failure. Yeah, Dan, look, first of all, thanks for being here. Thanks for hosting this. And you know, 'cause you work there and you understand how bureaucracies work. One of the fundamental things we're gonna address today is obviously the failures, the incompetency, the willful blindness, perhaps worse. That's what we're gonna talk about today. But let's start with the fact that we fund these agencies Yes. That are failing the American people. Right? And that's gonna be a question front and center in September when we come back in, we're gonna be debating funding government.


Are we gonna fund government? Are we gonna make sure we get anything out of it like the save act and make sure only citizens can vote? We'll have debates about that. Whatever happens, I can assure you. The swamp led by Mitch McConnell and others want to ensure that we have some short term funding bill to December in order to set up an omnibus spending bill. Now why is that? So they can continue to fund these bureaucracies that aren't just racking up debt. They're endangering literally the president of the United States. Yes. Literally President Trump who was shot because the Secret Service failed to do its job. No, there's no accountability. Cheadle was only gone after she failed at the hearing. Right? Not because they had leadership, not because, and she wasn't fired. And she wasn't fired. She Was let, she was allowed to resign. Correct.


Which she'll go get another cushy job. The Secret Service is a $3 billion budget, 3 billion. It is up 27% on an inflation adjusted basis over the last decade. Why are we continuing to fund the Secret Service without demanding excellence? Why are they allowed to continue to advance their DEI priorities? I can get into it later, a laundry list of absurd priorities that aren't about protecting the president. Why are we allowing them to do that? I'm sick and tired of hearing people talking about, oh, what is the danger of shutting down the government? How about the danger to Donald Trump? How about the danger to the American people? How about the danger to the citizens who are dying 'cause of open borders? Yeah. We got an obligation to use the power of the person. We should do it.


That we're definitely getting into the DI stuff. I just took a note on that. Congressman Crane, you know, thanks for your service to the country first, deeply appreciated by me and my audience. A real American hero. Given your tactical experience, I thought it more appropriate to ask you one of these questions. But as always, feel free to chime in on anything. you know, you, And, I have been in different spaces, but the goal is the same. You're providing force protection for your guys. We're providing force protection for the president. The Secret service, you know, as a a a with your military experience, it, a a, a good decent sniper is effective anywhere from kind of seven 50 out to a thousand. Like that's your, this guy's in a hundred, within 150 yards of the president.


The, the security perimeter has obviously been compromised. And there's video. you know what, gee, can we play the video? And one of him running across the roof of, to for the audience, there's video of a shadowy figure within that, that 150 foot marker. Look, we can see this here, run across. Like, how do you miss this? This is a tactical failure that result someone got murdered in front of his family. This isn't like an uneventful failure. Yeah, and the thing too, Dan, is that video's taken from the ground level, right? Yes. You had snipers in elevated positions. And I can tell you that when I went to Butler the first time with Homeland Security Committee, as soon as I got out the SUV in the parking lot, I looked up and saw this massive water tower that's overlooking almost the entire grounds.


And I was wondering And I was thinking to myself, if I was a counter sniper, you know, that's exactly where I'd want to be. And as we got closer And, we started touring the facilities. We went, we saw where Trump, the stage was set up. Then we went over to the A GR building. you know, I noticed that the sniper or the water tower directly overlooked that building. And it was only like 130 yard shot, which kind of confirmed, you know, my questioning as to why wasn't somebody, why wasn't a counter sniper in the water tower? Did anybody even get up there and do a site survey on it to see superior Overwatch? 100% And. I, don't believe anybody ever did. And it sounds to us like the counters snipers weren't even employed until that rally for the president.


And they only got there the day before, which didn't give them the time to set up. So there are some massive questions that we need answered. It's one of the reasons that we're, we're so grateful you came out to give us your insight and your Oh, thank you expertise. No, It's my honor. Yeah. But just for just a follow up from your military experience, you don't get the opportunity. Secret service agents do, like when you're in the military and, and if there's an emergency op, you gotta do a a, an exfiltration or whatever. You have to, you don't get two weeks to go out there and go, we're gonna put a guy here and a guy At best you get a satellite image and you're on a bird going out there and that's it. What's inexcusable about this is they knew about this minimum a week out, probably two weeks out.


It's not like that water tower just sprouted up the day before. They have an actual team in the Secret Service called the counter sniper team. And the assets still didn't make it in the water tower. You have to be thinking to yourself like, you gotta be kidding me, man. Yeah. Well one of the things that myself and Corey who just came in the room, what we were talking about is, and this would be interesting to get your take on. When I got to the site, you know, I was questioning why the rally was even held at that site, Dan, because there were so many threats. There were so many buildings, so many rooftops, so many windows, so many trees that could have, somebody could have made a tree stand in days prior to.


And just way too many threats to mitigate and cover down on. And so that's one of the things that I, you know, that I'm not familiar with the Secret Service and how you guys do business, but are you guys actually allowed as a secret service tell the campaign, Hey, we're we don't recommend doing the event at this site? Yeah, we can. They don't have to listen, obviously. I mean, I, in, in my experience, we were gonna go, when I was in Indonesia doing the lead advance for Obama, he wanted to go to Caba Cemetery, which is their kind of Arlington over there. And the exposure was obscene. I mean, high ground buildings, I'm not talking one or two. I mean, I'm talking like New York City level exposure, but out New York City level assets.


And you know, we said to him at the time, do his, the DC Os Deputy Chief were like, listen, this is just a really, really bad idea. And thankfully, some logistics got in the way too, and they canceled it. But they don't have to listen. I mean, they, they, they'll do it. But having said that, I mean, it's, it's not uncommon for us to go to places like that. And I. See how you would military experience. Look at that and you're like, gosh, this is really a bad idea. But, you know, It saves them money because it's an open field. They don't have to pay for an arena for sure. And, you know, you know, running for office, man, it ain't easy. You're deal, it's not your money. You're dealing with other people's money. You have to be careful with it. So that probably has something to do with it. But that's a good question. Congressman Biggs welcome folks.


Congressman Andy Biggs. Good man. Keeps his eye on your, your the federal pocketbook, which unfortunately has, right? You gotta be really, you guys gotta be dying up there. I just read an article yesterday in Wall Street Journal, I have to get off track, but for the first time in years, the US Federal Debt, federal deficit, excuse me, this year is bigger than the value of every private home sale in the United States. I I've read that. I was like, you have got to be kidding me. Yeah. So that's my question kind of parlays off that, you know, you guys are up there there as appropriators, right? And I kind of asked Congressman Roy this, and you're probably thinking to yourself, listen, I wasn't a secret service agent. But I, I'm not stupid. You have a unit here called the Counter Sniper unit. We're giving you billions of dollars.


And now we find out through multiple media outlets who've reported on this, that the acting director now, who was the deputy director, was one of the guys in the decision chain that said, we're not gonna employ, employ counter sniper assets to a Trump rally if it's not within driving distance of DC And. you gotta be thinking to yourself like, well, what the hell are we paying for? Well, but this is a $6 trillion federal budget. What do you mean driving distance? Are you kidding? This has gotta be a joke. And unfortunately it wasn't. Yeah, Dan, that first of all, thanks for being here. Oh, Yes, sir, I appreciate your expertise on this. Look, we're talking about $3.3 billion budget. And you, if, if you are going to restrict the protection service that you are designed to give, then you, then somebody needs to be fired.


That's, that's the, that's the thing we should be saying, you're fired. And the way we say you're fired is we take away, we, we use the Holman rule and say, sorry, we're, we're, we're going to rearrange your organization chart. We're gonna do that as Congress or we say, no, you're not gonna get the money you need for A DEI program. The failure here, I mean there's a, a a myriad of, of parent failures, right? But one of them is leadership. And that leadership actually comes ultimately from mayorca who oversees all of that, that department. And, we have impeached him, but we also need to get down this into the secret service and start saying, I want a line item.


In fact, that's where, that's my biggest thing. If, if we're gonna actually appropriate, give me the line items for your budget and we're gonna go through and we're gonna see what's duplicative, what's wasteful, who needs to go what. Because we appropriate the money. We are in charge of the money. The taxpayer. That's the, that's what the constitutional, it's our money. It's our money. It's literally our money. Exactly. It's not there. Exactly. It's actually our money. So they And, I hate the word. Literally. I tell my, but in this case, this is not figuratively our, it is our money. Now, granted, yes, my portion of it is, is small. No doubt. I'm one of 330 million Americans, but it is our money. And Congressman Roy, you mentioned DEI before. So you guys, I I assume brought me up here for a reason.


The same reason I talked to you guys on the radio show about Congress. It wasn't DEI, it wasn't DEI. No, definitely, yes. Not an expert in implementing DEI programs. But I have two suggestions that I think would, would greatly assist the United States Secret Service in cleaning up this protection model. Number one is the DEI thing has to go if, if, if we can't agree as Americans, forget partisan politics for a second. I know that's said often, but in this case it matters. If we can't agree as Americans that the best people should be protecting Joe Biden, Donald Trump, Kamala Harris. If we can't agree on that, then the country just forget about it. If we're employing people based on ridiculous characteristics like skin color and other stuff that have nothing to do with capability at all, it's, it's racist to even imply it, then that's bad.


But second is also, they should not be involved in investigations. It it, what are we doing? We have an FBI, we have a freaking DEA And I RS We have a, why is this Secret service doing investigations? These are two things we could do right away to clean this thing up that I I think we get a better product in the end. Yeah. I mean, and we'll go through this a little bit more when we have this sort of more formal forum, but the list of things that have been put out there about the DEI for influence, right, So, we, we know that the, that Cheadle had no national security or law enforcement experience, right. That there was no background on that and should have no influence over the selection of the Secret service director obsessed with being DEI compliant.


That's for, that was from somebody who was, who was close to the situation. If you go through the list of things, the, the, the Secret service under Cheadle, right? She said, quote, I'm very conscious, I sit in this chair of making sure that we need to attract diverse candidates, ensure we're developing and giving opportunities to develop in our workforce and particularly women. And she said, a target of 30% of recruits being female by 2030, hosting a seminar on respectful use of pronouns, having a recruiting brochure that Bos the agency is striving to be the gold standard of DEI, forming an inclusion engagement council. I can keep going down through dozens of examples if this is what your law enforcement is focusing on. Now, I wanna Be very clear to pause And I know you believe this. This is one bucket. And I don't want it to be an excuse for the willful blindness.


Right? Right. And the strategic decisions that were made that I think merit us investigating to know a hundred percent who was complicit in what incompetence isn't an excuse for what I think was purposeful here. But the incompetence is everywhere. The wokeness and the DEI is everywhere. And this is a, this is a glimpse like Covid was a glimpse into the failures of the bureaucracy and our kids being shoved in the corners and the woke education. This is a glimpse into our overall law enforcement and defense infrastructure. DHS, the Department of Defense, secret Service, the American people think the government whose fundamental responsibility to secure the blessings of liberty is doing the job to secure us. They're not. And the president of the United States, the former president and hopefully soon to be next president, took a bullet and hopefully that will wake us up to make this government focus on what it's supposed to do.


Not this woke garbage killing our agencies and making them not do their job, but rather actually excellence. You want the best and the brightest regardless of sex, color, whatever their background is, you know, judge people by the content of their character, not the color of their skin. We all believe that. But this stuff is killing us. Yeah. But, I. What I don't under, what I don't get about this and, and I'm not, I'm not trying to play dumb or be coy about, is I don't understand why this even, this is even a controversial idea. I mean that we should just judge people by competence. And, and the very implication that it's somehow tied to skin color is in and of itself racist to even suggest, what are you saying that we can't find enough of x group of people do a better job recruiting.


Like this is like so ridiculous. This argument that we're hiring people based on characteristics that have no relationship whatsoever to competence. And, and just to kind of double down on this, I, I just wanna follow up with you. You're right, we have to separate the micro from the macro And I. I'm not saying that levels of importance, the micro picture, a guy was murdered at the site, right? But the macro secret service picture, while we're on this, if we're here in government and that's what you guys do. If we're gonna fix this stamp thing, then let's fix the freaking thing. And if that's a problem there, And, we have the opportunity to make a dent in this Congress and go, you know what? This is a horrible thing that happened, but we're gonna make something good. Come out. We're gonna fix this thing, this DEI having lived through it. You gotta rip this thing up root and branch and say, we are not doing this anymore.


This is the United States government paid for by taxpayers. I want excellence. We're not getting involved with this stuff. No And I agree and And I. Think for us in Congress now, we, we gotta get busy and make sure we win the election in November. Now that's a core priority in September. We've gotta fund government and pick the battles that we're gonna pick for the few weeks and we're back in September. But the priority for the Trump administration or a priority, a priority for the next Congress has to be, to rip this stuff apart. We need basically zero based governing. We, we need to start from the ground up, start with the constitution, start with the taxpayer dollars that we have, and build up a government that will do its actual functional job. And it's not this stuff, it's not setting up agency booths at pride events across the country to recruit.


What does that have to do with anything? Which is what the secret service director was doing. Nobody in America wants that. They want us to be blind. They want us to have the best. We don't care what who you are, we want you to be the best. We want that back. And getting government to its core responsibility. This is crazy, right? We we're not even start, we started, we're at 131,000 live streamers today. We're not even, we started early. You see that key? Dan is right. Again, thank you Bino Army. Gee is wrong. I knew you all would show up. We're not even at our 11 o'clock time yet, don don't even think the rumble push went out yet. So this is awesome. Thank you. This is such an important topic. I wanna welcome Congressman Cory Mills, another awesome guy. I have been following you on this case, man, you guys are so spot on. I wanna ask a tactical question again.


Given your background and expertise we're the secret service again, $3 billion budget, the most important job in government, which is not a third world republic. We don't whack our leaders. This isn't some, you know, this isn't North Korea. Keep these guys alive no matter what. Simple mission but important. How do you not have a $40 Amazon drone to establish aerial dominance? So, we can at least cut surveillance. you know, Congressman Crane, And I, were talking about this sniper. This guy was on a white roof in a gray tinged outfit. He, he stuck out like the proverbial sore thumb. Imagine if this guy was in a Gilly suit or something in the woods. If you don't have LEAs or thermals, you would've never seen him.


But a simple $40 drone would've seen this guy. The worst part though, Dan, is that local law enforcement had actually offered a drone and it was refused by the Secret Service. Unreal, unreal. So, you know, to go back to something that Chip just said, And I wanna Be very clear on this. Look, if we would've wanted to have conducted a proper investigation on July 14th, you'd immediately subpoenaed the security plan, the comms plan, the data range cards of every one of the counter snipers. You'd have gone through the motorcade operations. You would've gone through every single piece of the advanced paperwork bringing in ESU, bringing in the Secret service, everyone questioning independently, and then corroborating all the information on a fact fiction board to then determine what was actually occurring. Now what we've allowed to happen though is you've allowed weeks and weeks and weeks to have gone forward.


Is there a possibility of memorializing data where it says July 9th, July 10th, July 11th, now to try and go ahead and say that things were done that i's were dotted t's were crossed when they actually weren't. Absolutely. So now what we have, in my personal opinion, even with our independent investigation, I'm grateful that you're here. 'cause your amount of experience, your background is gonna be really critical. But we're now at a point where criminal gross negligence and purposeful intent will be indistinguishable. And the only thing that we're gonna have to go off of now is there's a difference between responsibility. Mia Culpa, I'm sorry, that's on me. I'll resign. And accountability where criminal gross negligence at a minimum needs to be tried and people behind bars, that's what this is about, is getting the facts and findings, leaving everything on the table, and an understanding that we can't remove anything until we have the facts first.


Yeah. So was it purposeful intent? Was it criminal gross negligence? Was it both? That's what we're here to try and determine. But I think that the more questions we have, the more questions that's gonna come forward. Yeah, You just reminded me of a couple things. Congressman Biggs will go to you next. And then Congressman Crane on mean, we're gonna get to everyone here. And, we got Mark Morgan over there. Another great guy. Mark, we'll have you in a little later too after the break too. Former FBI agent, correct. And CCBP. Right? I think Commissioner love a lovely guy over there. Great dude. The texts and the emails. So, we know after the January 6th pipe bombing incident, not to get sidetracked, but the Secret Service texts and emails disappeared. That's a fact. That's not my opinion. And hold on. I don wanna take, I don't wanna forget this either.


You guys keep bringing up such good stuff. You're such good guests. Be terrible. And I. Wanna have to keep writing stuff down. You said something, Congressman But I. You guys are members of Congress. You, you, you have oversight responsibilities. The Secret Service said after January 6th, the texts and the emails disappeared to a data, due to a data exchange, which is the most obscenely ridiculous thing of ever. Okay, let us see the contract. Who'd you exchange to? Was it Verizon? Right. And what did they do? They deleted it because no company in America does that. How can we be confident? My listeners out there who are watching this and they, this is what they're afraid of that let's say we win in November, which let's hope happens. you know, no red wave talk, but let's hope happens, right? That they're just not gonna delete this stuff again.


And there'll be no accountability ever. We still don't know what planted this pipeline. I thought it was an insurrection. you know, we should be digging into this stuff. Yeah, that is, that's what I hear more from my constituents than anything else, is that they simply don't trust. Do you trust FBI to investigate? No. Do you trust Secret Service investigate? Look, the, the the per only person that I've got some trust in right now is, is the, besides the people in this room is is the Inspector General Joe Kaari. Yeah. He seems to be pretty good. Yeah. I I I But the problem is, the establishment folks are trying, he could get fired today. They Stuck. They've been going after him now too. They've Been, yeah. Yeah. So, so he's the guy you gotta rely on And, you gotta make sure he's got the resources.


In the meantime, these other guys are using the resources and they, as Corey just said, we don't know what they're doing. But the evidence is, as it been forthcoming, it's not transparent. And that is the issue, Dan, that's the problem. And the American people are like, we no longer trust our institutions. Yeah. And this is, isn't It sad? Yeah, Yeah. you know what? It's, and that's what this is about today, is just trying to say, we're going to give you as much transparency as we possibly can, even though we have no authority other than being members of Congress and, And And I think that trust Congressman Crane your perfect guy to comment on this. So, well, I want to ask you something else, but this is important, you know, us as conservatives, it it, it's not that, you know, soldier in the battlefield, that Marine, that, that seamen, that, that airmen, it's, it's, it's not those guys and women, they, they raised their right hand and they were like, you know what?


I'm gonna put my ass on the line, a dangerous job every day for frankly no money, because I really believe in this. It is absolutely not them. America's united behind 'em, thankfully. And especially our side of the movement. 100%. But even saying Democrats are like, you know what? Great, but the leadership of these entities, the FBI, the Secret Service, you have any idea? I mean, obviously I'm not gonna name names, how many FBI agents reach out to me on back channels and are like, I am disgusted by what they're up to. How many Secret Service agents reached out to me? That's why I knew this thing was gonna break. And they were like, I can't do it anymore. I can't take it. This place is falling apart. It's just disgusting. The guys who served, you know, who were thinking like, how am I working for these, the, you know, the briefers, the brief, that's all they do is brief.


They've never done shit. They just brief all the time. They've never been operational or anything. And they screw it up for everyone. And now Americans across the board are like, the media sucks, the entertainment industry we can't trust. And now our own FBI secret service. Like, what the hell, man? No, you're right. And, I, I hear it from guys in the military all the time, Dan, they're, they're singing the same tune. And it just seems like if you want to get to the highest level of any of these institutions and get promoted to those levels, you have to almost be a yes man that just drinks the Kool-Aid and does what you're told. And right now, as we all know, that means you're all about the DEI, you're all about the woke agenda.


And it's, it's sad to watch, but it's one of the reasons that, you know, guys like myself who never wanted to be a politician, actually ran for office because, you know, we, we realized how blessed we were to grow up in this country, And. we wanted to make sure that our kids and future generations get to do it as well. And so, you know, that's what this is all about today. We had to be really un, you know, un unconventional just to do this thing today, Corey And I weren't selected to be on the task force. Chip Andy weren't selected to be on the task force. So what did we say, And? we didn't say, oh, we're just gonna let this thing go by the wayside. We're gonna trust the government to handle this. No, we said, Hey, we're gonna do everything we can to get to the bottom of this for the American people, be transparent and make sure that this doesn't happen again.


And it's gonna be an uphill climb for us because we don't have subpoena power. but that being said, you know, the days of just relying on, you know, Congress to get it done, or the FBI to do the investigation and trust their results and trust what they release, those days are over. We need, we need activism, we need it within the citizen base. We also need it within our representatives. Well, We got, we may not have subpoena power. I certainly don't. But we have people power. I mean, we've got 130,000 people watching live So. we, it's probably double the audience NBC, but this is for, for Congressman Nils and new Congressman Crane. you know, from a tactical perspective, there are a lot of my listeners out here who, and, and candidly I don't blame him.


I'm a facts guy. I tell 'em all the time. I'd, I'd rather be last than right than first and wrong. I don't jump ahead of anything. It's just irresponsible for me. I've got an audience. And I, don't do it. Having said that, the security failures as Congressman Mills, you, you kind of hinted to before. I agree with you. This is beyond just like, oh, we just, this is like almost criminal level negligence we're talking about here. So you can't blame the audience after being screwed over by the bureau. And with Spygate and the collusion hoax, they hear things like, there was another sniper on the water tower. So I'll I'll I'll ask you first and I'll follow up with you. But, I, I've seen no evidence of that. And I. Think it was Congressman, who was it? Was it? Who was it?


Higgins. Higgins, yeah. When and said also, again, not a, definitely not an establishment guy who was like, I haven't seen the evidence that, I've also seen another theory out there that there were multiple shooters. However, people I trust, validated sources, every shot's been accounted for. Eight from the bad guy, one from the local, one from the Secret service. So I'll start with you first. I don't really blame them, but can you address those things and the facts we have so far so that people understand like, we gotta stay directed here. Well, and again, to my point earlier, and I'm like you, I want to just get the facts out, which is why don don't remove anything from the table until we've actually gotten the facts. When Eli And I went out to the actual location, the first thing we did was we went over to obviously the counter sniper positions and then where Thomas Crooks actually had taken the shot, right?


But then we went over to the water tower and what I can tell you is, is that, is it impossible to have accessed a water tower? No, it's not. but it was a heck of a climb, or at least a rope or a ladder to order to get to the first ladder to be able to access it to begin with. So, so the first ladder is not, so there was probably no, the first la the first ladder is probably, what, 20 feet up at least 30 feet? 30, yeah. So 20, 30 feet up. And I can tell you that the only thing I I will point out is that there was mysteriously a brand new what looked to be or appeared to be, to put it in proper terms, gold chain with a new lock on that gate. Meaning that it likely wasn't locked previously. There was also a trail that runs from the water tower that I walked through the woods that leads to the intersection where the rally turn would've been and where the a GR building lies that could have been completely accessible and not sure what the security parameters were there.


I want to go back to, to, to one point though, which is when we're talking about the Secret service as a whole and negligence, I mean, the fact that you didn't have the morning meeting, as we're being told between the Secret Service and your local law enforcement for your final procedures and process. The fact that you didn't look at, and you know this as well as I do, Dan, if you, if your local coordination of law enforcement doesn't have a compatible radio or communication channel, you set up a jock. And in that jock you'll have one individual who is the liaison for each of those individuals so that I can call in and say, Hey listen, I got this on the roof. You then look at your friend and go, Hey, put that out in comms. Put that out in Comms And. we all send it out together.


That there were so many things about this where when I look at it, when I think about the advances that I've done in the past, when I look at how we've done things, it, it draws me away from just negligence. And it pulls me into that purposeful intent arena that I don't necessarily need to get into. I want to be able to try and find the facts dispel or to try and prove And I. Think that's the key here is that that's what we're all doing together. That's why Eli And I went out there. And to your point, you know, we're not yes men, we're not people who are going to go ahead and say yes, get along to go along. And that's why a lot of times you're not picked for some of these committees. But I will tell you that every single one of us here understands that we can't trust the FBI when they admit to 287,000 violations of FISA where they were spying on the American people, all of which we did not actually vote to authorize or to reauthorize.


Lied To our faces, Lied to our faces. Everyone from, and when I sat there, clapper the fbi. What's even worse though is when I sat there in the briefings, and I'll just say it out loud, we had the IC community sitting there, And, we were talking about this Pfizer reauthorization, which I was against to begin with, just like the Patriot Act, which I think is a complete spy on American people. But they were like, well we have a 98% reform And I looked at 'em, And I said, so lemme get this straight. What you're telling me is I have to go to the American people and say, well, I'm only spying on 4,000 people illegally. Now this year, look that we know With airplanes, we've got 98% success record. I like good luck. Yeah, Well, but that's my whole point is that we can't trust government to investigate government, which is why we set up this individual task force, which is why we're bringing in independent people who have expertise such as yourself and Eric and others, so that we can get to the facts and make it transparent and also not hide behind some low level classification where we're not being transparent to the American people on all the things.


That's, that's one of my biggest sticklers, they'll use the lowest level classification to try and put it into a back room. The American taxpayers pay for our salaries, pay for that office and pay for that information. We need to be transparent and gain accountability. And that's really what this is for. Yeah, no And I, I'm happy to be a part of it. Congressman Crane. Hey, gee, pull up that crooks walking around video that they, the, the one we kept on loop last week. So this emerged from one of the vendors at the site. So you see crooks, he's walking around there and obviously given my training in the space, I'm, I don't want to say too much, but even in this short video, there were probably like five or 10 indicators. We're all trained on And.


I'm not saying indicators like this guy's a killer or anything, but he might be someone, a protective intelligence team at this site. A secret service protection intel, a protective intelligence team. And that's their sole job is to, you know, gather intel on people at a site who may be suspicious or a counter surveillance team would've likely picked up. Then he walks into the site and picks up a range finder. Now, Congressman Crane, listen, range finders are used for a lot of things, but one of them is hunting, which means killing something at a distance. Okay. I I, I think you know that. I mean this is the kind of thing again where we found out last week the reason the counter surveillance team for the Secret Service, they have an entire unit called the counter surveillance unit designed to counter surveillance, which is what he was doing, didn't pick him up, is because there was none.


Now I'm telling you haven't worked with them. They're some of the best agents out there. Counter surveillance guys will go undercover. So they're the door kickers, the scruffy guys that aren't like the pretty boys on the first ladies detail. you know, they may not have the nicest suit, but lemme tell you something, they'll kick a door in on you. They are some of the best agents out there. And I'm telling you right now, if they were at that site, there is absolutely zero chance they don't see this guy. And the locals had already seen him for forgetting about the fact the locals had already seen him assume they hadn't, no chance. They don't see this guy call the security room that didn't exist and say, anybody watching this guy in a gray shirt there, he looks kind of making some fur of movements there. you know? Yeah. Why wasn't he, why wasn't that team at, at this event though?


I mean, Trump is one of the most beloved, but he's also one of the most hated men around the entire world. And Dan, are there, is there anybody that's more targeted than President Trump to your knowledge? No, and you know, I I, I spent a lot of time in Pi Protective Intelligence, which is where we do threat assessments. And if you look at the matrix they use now, you know, whatever you throw an SAT where at the rubric or whatever, no, I, I And I've heard this from a number of people that Biden and, and the thing about Biden is he doesn't even travel a lot. President Trump creates these series of externalities by campaigning, which is what he's supposed to do, that Biden doesn't, if anything, president Trump should have an increased security posture around them.


And whenever somebody says to me, 'cause I saw some media goon said something like, well, you know, the president gets more security and And I said, well, why? They said, well, because he's the president. I said, that's not why he gets more security. He gets more security. 'cause he's typically the most threatened man in the United States. But when he's not, other people get more. They said, gimme an example. I said, I will. The Pope, as you realize, when the Pope comes here, he probably gets more cat teams counter assault teams, SWAT teams than the president does. Why? Because one, no one wants the Pope to die in their soil, but second, he is, he's threatened. I so it, it's totally bs and only in government, congressman, only in government can we allocate security based on a title, not actual security threats.


That's the only place that would be allowed. Well, the interesting thing too, and this is something that I can't wait to hear Eric Prince get into the founder of Blackwater former Navy Seal. you know, he made a very good point. I heard him talking on Sean Ryan's show the other day, Dan, and he said, we're lucky. It was this allegedly this 20-year-old kid and not a 10 man Hezbollah team. Right? Can you imagine if we were dealing with that size of a team with that level of experience, this 20-year-old kid with no military experience got within 130 yards of, you know, president Trump with an AR 15. He had, you know, multiple explosive devices with a remote detonator on him and flew a drone.


you know, it's like, what if this was a real threat? And what message does this send to the rest of the world, Dan, what does it send, what message does it send to the Ayatollahs in Iran? What message does it send to North Korea, to Vladimir Putin, to others that would, you know, maybe love to make sure that President Trump doesn't get back into office? To me, it sends a message, Hey, open season. 'cause this, this secret service is not up to the job. And I. Just wanna add Yeah, yeah, go ahead, please. you know, look, not just mentioning where the actual shot took place, but Eli and I can tell you, you can walk another 30, 35 yards or feet to the fence itself. The fence is only about a hundred.


I think we milled out of a hundred. Yeah. And so imagine now, if you will, you've got a team of five or six people with a backpack carrying a collapsible Daniel defense, and they're lined up on that, that actual area with their back turned just unzipping the back looking like they're reaching in for snacks, gummies, or whatever the case may be. You've now got that full team. And you also have to keep into effect it. In 2018, the cartels were only making around $500 million. Fast forward to 2021 under Joe Biden, who's the employee of the month, every month that's 13 plus billion dollars in revenue. They know President Trump coming back in, reinstating remain in Mexico, and other things gonna cut their revenue drastically so that southern border and these cartels are actually encouraged or incentivized to protect their revenue.


It's not uncommon for me to see an increase in threat with someone who's actually gonna go after these types of other terrorist organizations, or for the killing of Cosm Soleimani and Abbo Alma, or even for the shutting down of revenue from these cartels. And so, to Eric's point and to everyone else's, we're lucky that there wasn't a structured 10 15 man team who came in there with the entire auspice of we're here to basically eliminate as much as possible. And so I think that while it's an unfortunate and preventable incident, I think that we're lucky in the, in the regards to not only divine intervention that was put in place here, but the fact that we didn't have a stronger organized team. Yeah. Gee, play that headshot thing. I mean, every time I see this I Sorry folks tell me in the chat, if I'm speaking off the mic, you know, I got the worst. But look at this.


I mean, you know, listen, I'm, I'm a believer in Jesus Christ, but you guys have you better but man alive, like the, the fact that you guys are seeing this on the screen, it, it's not that he turned his head. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll kick it over to you, Congressman Roys, it's that he turned his head in that just exact direction. And you know, that day, don don't know where you were and what you were doing. I was leaving a, a movie. We hadn't gone to a movie in forever and my real estate agent called my wife and said Trump was just shot on TV. And you know, congressman, the saddest thing, I looked at my wife, And I said I knew it because I had done a show and Tucker had, I had done a show with Tucker and Secret Service whistleblowers were reaching out to me saying, Dan, the security around President Trump is not enough.


Please help us. So I did a show, I think it's episode 2071 if y'all wanna watch on Rumble, it was last year in August. You can all watch it yourself where I said, guys, whistleblowers are telling me he is going to get hurt or worse, there's not enough security and nothing. And you know what the media did, Congressman Daniel Arkin from NBC to your eternal damn nation. I really, I will never get an apology from this asshole. But this guy wrote an article saying that I was some right wing conspiracy theorist and that I basically suggesting I had no sources despite the fact that these sources were right there on the ground. So I'm not surprised that all this happened. Well, I was, I live 10 and a half acres. I was out working, I was out doing, clearing some stuff.


And I came back in about 10 minutes after the shooting. And there was, you know, my phone's blowing up. My son had a text, said, dad, what's going on? you know, and you know, we're watching what's happening. Watching Unfold became clear pretty quickly that it seemed like it had, it had grazed him. And that was obviously a great blessing. And I, I like you, I'm a Christian and, and you know, divine providence stepped in there. I mean, I don don't know how else to actually frame this, right? There's no Other explanation, You know, and that, you know, the president jokes, right? And we're all pretty strong border hawks here. And, we talked about the importance of carrying the border and president jokes that a a, a chart, a border chart showing the ridiculous abuse by this saved his life by Harris Biden.


Harris regime saved his life, right? 'cause he tilted his head to look up at the border chart. It's a great chart, By the way it's terrible data, but, but a good chart showing that terrible data. I wanna pick up on one thing we were talking about earlier. Yeah. On this. But, but extending off this point, because Corey brought up FISA And, we can go wormhole about a thousand different topics. don don't need to get into that. But I just wanna say something because you know, your listeners, your viewers, they sometimes can start to like not have hope, right? I mean, they can put a lot of hope into, well, we gotta win in November, And. we do. They're we're, we're turning the tide. Now it's, it's not as fast as we all want. We're all sitting on the Titanic looking at the iceberg and all of us are grabbing that wheel and pulling. And some are on the, on the left obviously, but some of our own party are pulling the wheel back the other direction.


We're not. And we're gonna keep doing what we're doing. That's what this forum is about. Take FISA for example, we were able to get that extension to two years, not five Andy Biggs sat on a panel to make sure that we got actual reforms in place. I would've made sure that we had the protections in there and the constitution, you know, to make sure that they didn't have to have a warrant. Unfortunately, we lost that vote with a tie vote. But Corey, Eli, Andy, myself, Matt Gaetz, we led that fight. And, we massively limited the extent to which they extended FISA against the deep state here. We've massively ensured that we passed a border security first bill. And so I, I just want listeners to, to take heart, it's not as fast as you want, but the fact that we're here, the fact that we're leaning into those fights, like we're moving the needle in the right direction.


If we can get Donald Trump elected and you get the, we, we we're gonna have an outsized voice in the Congress this next go round, and we're gonna start using the power of the purse to fix things. But you can't have an event like this unfold and not do what we're doing right now to seek the truth. Corey's right on July 14th, why is it August 26th? Why is it August 26th? And we've not had full formal hearings making clear what's going on? Why have we not had the task force in place putting out immediate reports? Immediate reports? Why is it that Clay Higgins has had to be as a member of that, who's a good friend of ours and a good band, law enforcement having, having to kind of put out his own reports to try to highlight some of the facts.


you know, Corey talked about it, you talked about it, Dan. I mean, we've got the, the fact that they didn't even show up, as you pointed out to the, to the morning meeting, right? You've got the communication problems that are, that have been fairly well articulated, but you've got, they did not retrieve the radios according to clay that had been set aside for them by the Butler County Tactical command. Right? You've got clear evidence from that's coming forward in whistleblowers to Senator Holly, for example, the detection canines were not used to monitor entry and so forth. You have personnel did not appropriately police the security buffer you have. The fact that we had guys that that basically took a pass 'cause it was too hot, they wouldn't get on the roof and they weren't sitting on that roof allegedly, according to the whistleblower because it was too hot.


You've got the police body cam footage, right, where we see 'em saying, I effing told the them they need to post the guys effing over here. I told them that. I told the Secret service that effing Tuesday. I told them to post the effing guys over there. That's the local law enforcement. You have the rejection of the police drone that Corey talked about before. You have the conflict conflicting messages on the additional security requests. You were one of the initial people, Dan, to put out, Hey, I've got people and sources telling me they were, they were asking for more, more resources and weren't getting it. Now you have Josh Hawley putting out a, a memo or this Friday saying, Hey, I've got a whistleblower telling me they were requesting more information and they weren't getting it. The American people to know why the former president of the United States was shot.


Not an attempt. He was actually shot. He fortunately didn't have a life threatening injury in the end, And, we need to have heads roll at the secret service in this government all the way to the top. And who knew what, who knew what, when was there willful blindness here? And that's why this form matters. You brought up something about the security room in comms. I'll go to you, Congressman Crane again, your military experience. you know, if you don't have security, you don't have comms, you don't have anything, you're out there on your own. You're in some loan survivors scenario, you're screwed. You're out there by yourself. Comms communicate first. Everything else is second. If they don't know your position, they even tell you in the in NYPD, you get in a shooting. You don't have to say, I'm in a shooting when you're screaming.


Trust me. They know your first thing is 10 13, I need help. And then, or you say 10 13, just say the address. Whatever, 1 0 1 in Atlantic. Everybody knows to come there. you don't have to say, get the description out later. For a high level protectee, the Secret Service grades there, protectee is pretty standard, high, medium, low for a high level protectee like President Trump. Not even in question. It's not, it's not on the edge. It's not like it's a prime minister of Pakistan. Is this a high mid or none of it's none of that. To not have a security room at the site properly staffed. I, I'm gonna tell you, you know, when, when, when you would mention Congressman Mills, the idea of, you know, potential like criminal negligence, this is where it comes in.


For me, that's the first day of secret service training. I was an instructor there for three years. You have basic things you do at a site. A site agent number one, a security room, a PI team. This is for low level people. Sometimes there's no PI team at the site functioning like they should have and there's no security room. And then no one even bothers to pick up a local radio. I mean, they're talking openly on the air. Hey, we got a guy with a range finder. Someone would've said, if I'm at that site, what the hell's he doing with a rangefinder? Go get him. And nobody did it. No comms, No, you're right. And and Crooks was actually, and one of the counter snipers, one of the local counter snipers is gonna be with us today on the panel.


And he's gonna talk about how they had spotted this guy. He was one of the, one of the first guys that spotted him. And they were tracking him because he just, he looked like he didn't fit. And so they were watching him. There was the report of the, you know, this guy has a range finder. And then like you said, Dan, these guys were actually texting each other on cell phones because they didn't have, you know, they didn't have communications. And so, you know, it's just this whole thing is a massive, it's a massive cluster. But what I, you know, one of the things I heard you talk about on your show Dan, was how for years the Secret Service wouldn't even use slings on their primary f primary weapons. No, I couldn't believe that when I heard it.


Yeah, it's true. 'cause if you've ever had to do prisoner handling or you've ever had to climb a ladder on an op or anything and you've got a primary, like an AR 15 or I Would you do it. Someone wanna hold it For you. Yeah, you ask. You can't just ask somebody to hold it. And so, you know, I'm, I'm wondering if some of these problems, you know, reflect a much larger pro problem within the culture of the Secret Service. Let me answer for you 'cause I want you to follow up. Yes, it is a culture problem. And the reason it's a culture problem, and I'm not saying the military doesn't have their structural hierarchical cultural problems too. Sure. But the difference in the military, the Secret Service got lucky for a long time. you know, the old line, the IRA said against Margaret Thatcher when they almost hit her with the Obama at the hotel, they said, you know, you guys gotta be lucky every day.


We only have to be lucky once we've been lucky, the military, your chances that luck run out real quick when you're doing ops every day, you are only gonna get lucky when before people get killed. And if a guy got killed and you're out on the op, which happens sadly all the time, and you say, Hey, my battle buddy here got killed because he didn't have a sling, he had a malfunction and he was trying to clear it rather than dropping the weapon with the sling and go into his pistol, someone's gonna go, well we can't have that. Let's get slings. The thing with the secret services and where the cultural problem is, and I'd like you to comment and you Congressman Mills is thankfully nothing happens. Something did happen in Georgia, the country of President Bush, the guy through the grenade. But again, we got lucky.


Dumbass wrapped it in a towel and wrapped it so tight that the, the detonator didn't So. we got lucky there too. But I promise you, if we were dealing with the threats every day, the military were where if you screw up, people die that day right there. I promise you they would've had drones, slings, LEAs, thermals, everything. That's the secret service problem. And that's why I think they need an outside voice. So your thoughts and then yours can something else. Yeah. And that's, that's what concerns me. And it also leads to, when I heard you say that on the air, I thought, well no wonder they didn't have drones if it took 'em that long to get slings. you know, no wonder, you know, they didn't have drones. And so it's gonna be, it's gonna be interesting to see, you know, where this, where this thing goes Dan.


But I've also heard you talk about the fact that the new acting director probably had a lot of, let's say, you know, authority in some of the decisions that were made that led to failures and So. we ran The daily ops As deputy. Yeah. So do you have confidence that we're in a better place now? No, No, no. Absolutely. No. We are in a coverup place. So Congressman Mills, again, you have tactical experience. you know, the sling thing that was just one, I'll give you an even worse one. We used to use the H and K MP five, which is the world's most powerful hand pistols. We used to joke, it's a nine millimeter and it's a great gun. It's not a bad gun, but it's a nine millimeter. It's all, it's So.


we used to use this and agents for years who, you know, know were hunters or cops or just about all of us. We'd be like, well why are we using that? It's pretty ineffective motorcade weapon. I mean, you know, a nine millimeter, it might reflect right off the damn windshield given the angle, if it's moving, the car's moving fast enough, we need to go to a better round. I mean like a 5, 5 6. I'm not talking about a conversation that happened 50 years ago. I'm talking about when I was there on the detail in the, you know, in the, in the two thousands. Right? So they had just transitioned after I left to the 5, 5, 6 round. Which again is like common sense. Anyone with tactical experience was when, when I told the story later.


'cause I didn't wanna tell the story until they transitioned because honestly I was afraid someone was gonna attack 'em in the motorcade knowing how weak they were. And this is the kind of weird stuff in my head. I didn't wanna get anybody hurt this because they were so incompetent. Like how do you not have 5, 5, 6? They had it with this special weapons teams, but the shift should all be carrying this stuff. No excuse. Well that's exactly right. I mean, look, and you know as well as I do, if you're shooting in glass hitting at a higher angle for a collection, yes. I mean all the different things that you have to compensate and account for. But my whole thing was is to your point and to also my colleague Eli's, they're text messaging. If you're a sniper or you're a spotter and you're supposed to be on glass and you know that your sniper is likely at a higher magnification, which means that he's got a smaller field of view and you've got your spotter who's supposed to be looking at the larger field of view, obviously if there's an actual threat there, you need to be able to call on it three o'clock building five.


And then if the building's quite large, you quadrant it off and then label the individual A one, B two, whatever the case may be. They're text messaging. So imagine this, you're sitting on there, Hey guys, just wanted to let you know, I'm seeing a threat here. What do you think jk, LOL emoji smiley face like? And then what you go back onto your rifle. I mean, it, it's, it's impractical and there's no tactical advantage or lessons learned to the military side of it. Your lessons are learned in blood And. we always argue the fact that the more sweat shed and training, the less blood shed and and battle. And so I think that the idea of what we discussed earlier with DEI, and again, I always say DEI equals DIE or stands for doesn't didn't earn it.


We have to get back to meritocracy and making sure that the very best are there. We have to start looking at threat levels of the individual to determine what the security package is, not the titles. We have to start thinking about what gear do we need in order to mitigate the perceived threats that we've already identified. You're always gonna have the what if scenario. You're always gonna go ahead and have, you know, Murphy's law in effect. But at least let's go ahead and cover our basis to understand what is necessary based on the perceived threats or the indicated threats that we know exists. Yeah, Yeah. I wanna say something on that. Yeah, please. Real quick, Dan And I would, And I. I just wanna clarify and say regardless of this, regardless of how this agent looked, if it was a man, I would say the same thing.


But when I saw that the female agent struggle to holster her weapon three different times, I was thinking to myself, oh my God, are you serious right now that is not acceptable. And anybody who has a high level of training will tell you maybe, maybe one miss and, and a little play. But my three, everybody's Must have memory. And then not to mention the fact you heard people, that's a holster. This had to bother you though, Dan, having worked in the Secret Service and NYPD, but you literally have people on the stage going, what do we do? What do we do? Like that right there is a huge like issue for me because when you know you're trying to get off the X yes. The first thing that you're looking at is that you've already, you know, either identified a safe room or you've got your rolling motorcade, which is rolling hard, hard room.


So, you know, already stage left, here's where we're moving, alright, on me ready move. And you're already on that process after you've actually called to see if the threat's been mitigated. The fact that you had secret service agents who one couldn't even holster their weapon, but two was sitting here going, what are we doing? What are we doing? That's a real issue for me. Yeah, well, And I and these, listen, they're uncomfortable questions, but this is the panel where they're gonna get asked because I'm not, I don't do cutesy time or comfortable, I do saving lives. And I. I I know you all feel the same way. That listen, they're protecting President Biden Harris. This is this, you know, every, everybody says that all the time. I'm pol this legitimately is not, we cannot have one of these people get hurt or killed you.


The the entire country would be in flames. Nobody wants anything to happen. And you're right, you are watching this agent fumble around and you're thinking like, our adversaries Are watching this as well. Yep. Congressmen, they're watching this and they're thinking like, this is the one moment you trained for your entire life was to train. And you can't even holster your weapon to get your hands free. I'm gonna go to, let me take a quick break. Just, I gotta pay for the show today. Well, my sponsors keep the show free. So, we appreciate it. I'm gonna go to Mark Morgan next. I want to ask you about the FBI investigation. 'cause you have a lot of experience over there. A lot of my listeners very, very concerned. Who was he working with?


Are we ever gonna find out? And if they find out, are we gonna find out if, if you know what I mean? Or maybe he wasn't working with him. Like I said, but it's kind of suspicious.


Hey, labor Day's right around the corner. I don know about you, but I'm already hungry. Gee, go get me some Omaha steaks. Labor Day cookouts coming up with lots more grilling left in the season. The experts at Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Summer with 50% off Sitewide during their Labor Day sale. Plus you get an extra $20 off of my promo code Bonino for five generations. Omaha Steaks brought you endless flavor, endless variety, endless value with premium proteins are delicious. And sure to satisfy, don't stop there. I'm a big meat eater. I love Omaha steaks. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious sides and decadent desserts to sweeten a deal. And if you're not eating their burgers, just talk to gee, gee, start messaging people in the chat about them. He steals 'em from my freezer all the time. Well, he is very upset since I moved. I took him with me only to run Gee's life. Whether you're having a Labor Day cookout or getting fired for tailgating s her summer with 50% off Sitewide during Omaha Stakes Labor Day Sale. Shop today@omahasteaks.com. Get an extra $20 off when you use promo code Bonino at checkout. My last name. Plus every purchase is backed by the unconditional money back guarantee. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit omaha steaks.com for the tails, Thankss Omaha steaks.


And finally, a new sponsored. Folks. You got a dog, DOG like me Lucy, the famous Lucy dog ever stink or get itchy like mine. She does once in a while. Are you gonna wanna hear from our new sponsor Coat Defense or Greatest Your Dog Itchy And all the pills and shots from the vet, they didn't help. Many itchy dogs have an overgrowth of yeast on the skin and the folds paws are inside the ears and coat Defense could clear it up in a day or two. We use it on Lucy. She loves it. She's a happy dog. She's been, she's got the Zoomies again, coat Defense started as a human skincare company, but became deeply troubled by all the toxic medications and topical treatments commonly used on dogs. So he created non-toxic, quickly effective solutions to common skin and coat issues that remedy the issues. Not only that, but it'll prevent these troubles from returning, allowing your dog to be happier, healthier. We use it on Lucy Like. I said she loves it. We tried it out first. It's great. So what what's also great is that Coat Defense has made in Ashburn, Virginia in the us They backed their products with a 30 day money back guarantee. Now you can save 15% in your first order. Go check 'em out. Folks, we appreciate you supporting our sponsors@codefense.com. Be sure to enter code Dan when you check out. That's coat COAT defense.com for 15% off. Enter code. Dan, give your dog relief like you're like another kid in my family. I love my dog. And avoid those expensive vet visits, coat defense, something better for your dog. Check 'em out.


Thank you to our sponsors. We appreciate it. Now back to the show, Mark Morgan former feed. Gee, did you see it in the chat? They're all mad. We're starving for gee, that, Hey, thank you for joining us. We appreciate it. So you've got a lot of experience with the FBI, with our border worked in the Trump administration. You've seen it all and you've been a real patriot to the country. A lot of people out there in my audience are deathly afraid that once we find out who this person may have been working with, we don't know that And I don't wanna get ahead of anything but it, there's a lot of suspicious factors here. How did a 20-year-old manage to, you know, clean his digital footprint forever? It seems odd. Like we haven't seen any leaks at all.


you know, I, I said to the audience as an old investigator myself, if this was a 60-year-old guy, you could say to yourself, okay, you know, he grew up most of his life without social media. Maybe by his forties he decides he's gonna plan an assassination in 20 years. Alright, crazy story, whatever. And he says, I'm gonna go dark on social media, a 20-year-old. So you're telling me at 13 years old when every kid's on Snapchat or this kid decides he's gonna commit an assassination seven years later and has no detectable social media footprint ever. It is, it is so beyond calculating in the normal brain, something's up. Yeah, Dan, look, I I think that's a series of questions, exactly why we're here today.


Exactly why the congressional members are here. This is, look, I I spent, I was a cop, I was a SWAT operator. I've been in countless, you know, special events and, and everybody here is, they've already discussed, well, the failures operationally, but Chip you mentioned it, it's also crisis communications 1 0 1. So not only was a colossal operational failure, clearly, but there's been a, an additional failure of this government from where a, that's it. So let me give you two examples. Remember Aurora, where we had the shooting at the cinema? What did you see immediately after that? You saw immediate press conference multiple times a day. but it wasn't just press conferences, it was the leaders of the organizations, the chief of the police, the special agent charge of the FBI, the de.


Everybody was there and they were answering every single question. The gaggle reporters, right? And they were taking incoming. Now let's go to Uvalde. What did we see in Uvalde? The same thing, right? Immediately press conference after press conference. The, the director of Texas DPS, Steve McGraw was there on scene given a press conference. And just a few days later, what did we see you, Val, you had the governor, governor Abbott leading a press conference because why? That's what we should be doing. That's basic Crisis 1 0 1. They've done none of That. They've done none of that. A couple of Ron Rowe did one. What? That was a little, it was about an hour or so, but even the answers to the questions seemed to contradict some of his own congressional testimony.


Dan. Absolutely. Look, these guys raised the right hand here. That's right. This is a serious thing. And this was the president Of the United States, the former president, right? I mean, what we should have had immediately, we should have had the ag, we should have the director of the Secret Service, the director of the FBI, those leaders standing up in front of the world's largest gag of reporters and answering every single question. The reason we're here today and, and what's happening is because that hasn't happened. And look, there's a series of questions that I think every American wants to have. And, we know everybody here knows Christ Communications. If you are not providing the answers, guess what? That void is gonna be filled. Do you trust the FBI to I'm, I'm not trying to push you in any direction.


I'm asking you to, you know, sincere. I I think that the question, here's what I'll say is the, the, the polls are very clear that the majority of the American people do not trust the FBI. That's clear. And so that's what I keep saying, and and gentlemen here may disagree with me a little bit, but look, there's no trust in the FBI. Come on. There's no trust of secret services gonna do their inquiry, right? That, that, that ship has sailed. And the reality is that there's not a trust in Congress either. Right? And so that's why I've actually been calling for an independent commission made of veteran. Look, I'm not trying to kiss your ass, but but has experts like you on it, right? And other people that have that background. I appreciate it. That's right. That, that's separate from this administration. Separate from all the bullshit, all the political BS that's going on.


Actually, experts Go. You could curse on my show, don't worry. Yeah. Language. My one, I spell language pro I add something here. Yeah, yeah, go ahead please. For, for Your your viewers to understand context. Mark is gonna be humble about his background, but it is deep and, and why you wouldn't have him here and comment on it if it weren't in terms of his background as a cop, FBI and also head of Border patrol, we worked with Mark to get the strong border security bill passed the night and day all last year, a year and a half ago, it was Mark Morgan working with us to make sure we got a good border security package. Because, and this is what I actually want to get to my point. We believe in security, we believe in sovereignty, we believe in the rule of law. And this is where I'm gonna be as blunt as I can be.


You said something earlier as as former law enforcement, I'm not, I I wasn't a confident I didn, I wasn't in uniform. But I wasn't former federal prosecutor, former first assistant attorney general of Texas. It's important that those of us who swear an oath to the Constitution or those of us who have worked in and around law enforcement, not get ahead of things right? You, you want to seek the truth wherever it may lead, there's a PR path to doing that. And you don't wanna get outta here and conjecture land, but you're doing a lot of conjecture in your investigative work, right? You're doing a lot of connect the dots. American people are connecting the dots because of what Mark just said. Nobody's giving a a message. Nobody's standing up and saying nobody's giving even the appearance of confidence, much less actual confidence. So the re the point that I wanna make here is that, and this is the blunt thing that I'm gonna say, I don't believe I'll say this.


This administration, the current modern progressive Democrat does not believe in the rule of law that we believe in. Okay? That's pretty true. And I think we have to be actually clear about that. If you go back and look at the 1992 Democrat national Convention platform, you wouldn't disagree with most of it. Okay? You disagree with some, obviously there was a lot of it. I've been reading it, reading excerpts to my constituents. And I say, Hey, do you agree with this? And they applause stuff about putting cops on the street that parents should take care of their kids believing in the rule of law, all of that stuff. And they read it. And, I say, this was the platform from the D NNC in 1992. Today's Democratic party, they don't believe in this.


Okay? I was being blunt. And so we're up against a tide and the swamp and some swamp Republicans aren't willing to actually take them on the way we need to. That's why this form exists. That's why Mark is raising, I think, important points about independent task force. We are all fighting inside trying to change Congress. President Trump, when he ran against the swamp in 2016, was that engine. And that's what this November needs to be about. Not to get political, but it's about taking on this swamp. This is the middle of it. And. we are seeing it And. we Need leaders. Like right now, if I was the director of the FBI, I'd say screw I screw this administration. I'm gonna get out there because I know the FBI's reputation on his lying. The American people deserve to know answers.


And the guy, the suspect, he's dead. So any rights or privileges you're worried about died when he was shot. Right? And so and Stuff. Can you imagine if they did that? Like if the, the listen, the FBI's reputation, as you said, has been really significantly damaged. But if they were to do that, let's say come out next week and Christopher a said, America, you know what, this isn't going like it should. This is one of the most significant events in modern American history. We're taking the reins we work for you guys, you know, politics of this be damned boom. And, and they said, we are gonna do a briefing every day and we're gonna sta every que you know what I I tell you, it's, we're not gonna, they're not gonna get my faith or trust back tomorrow.


But a lot of us will be like, go long way. Wow, that's not bad. You guys have already hit the basic things that the average American people want to know, right? The basic things he could address each one of those. Right Now, And, we were just talking whether it's even hurricanes, the confidence in American people goes, goes from a three to an eight immediately based on that one Ask, lemme ask you guys this. 'cause I want to get to this. And just really quickly, you know, I'm from the free state in this union, which is a great state of Florida. I I don know anything about it. But I heard And I heard. I'm gonna throw that and By the way, also By the way, also very proud of Florida Seventh's World Series champions. Yeah, you saw that Lake Mary. So that's in my district. Very proud of those guys. I, I gotta give a shout to my Bernie Boise.


Gotta get Bernie. Bernie boy did an amazing job. Bernie Boy did an amazing job. But I want, I wanna talk on what Mark was talking about. Recreating the confidence of government. When we have a hurricane in the state of Florida, not only do we talk about how many pieces of power has been reinstated per day, per hour, what bridges are now back online, what roads have now been cleared? What new, like, you know, Florida power line companies have been redeployed. What new as we're doing this on an hourly or a daily basis by Governor DeSantis. And you're telling me that the FBI, the Secret Service and the Department of Injustice after one of the largest, most significant incidents that's ever taken place in most of our lives, it's radio silent, is radio science with one contradicting thing with a guy who actually was part of the, the, the decision making with Cheadle herself.


So don don't see where I think it has to be. Like Trump talked about. I think it has to be what we're trying to do in Congress. You have to eliminate the top three rungs and start fresh. We need confidence back in government by getting rid of those people who are part of the problem and now acting like the solution. I Want to go around, I want all your takes on this because this is, this is, this is critically important. The problem we have with the 2020 election and all the shenanigans is the legitimate stuff that they fleeced. This thing was sitting right in front of our face and a lot of stuff got spun up. And I swear, it was the biggest psyop ever. They got all of us distracted with other stuff. That's what I'm terrified with this shining like, was there a second shooter?


There's no evidence of that. And, and, and frankly it's distracting us from asking about the first shooter. Like, who was this guy? Why are we talking? We have enough to go on right now that's, listen, if later on evidence services that there were two more shells that were found, I am happy to entertain it. But we don't, we have enough going on with the first shooter. So I want your, your, all of your takes on this. I'll start, start with you Congressman Roy, and then we'll go around this way. Congressman Crane Mills, and then Mark, who was this guy working with? He may have been working with no one at all, but you don't find it a little strange. Again, the digital footprints have been wiped out. The body was apparently like quickly autopsied and turned over for cremation and one of the biggest scandals of American government security failure in American history.


And then we find out just days later, Merrick Garland, who I don't trust as far as I can throw in, that's not very far. He's like, oh look, we've got this Iranian infiltration into the United States and there's a direct threat to President Trump. We knew about By the way three years ago. You can actually go look it up. There's something going on here. You notice that anytime the narrative isn't, you know, the, the, the facts of some event don't fit their narrative, that they sweep it aside, right? Las Vegas shooting, I mean, how often do they talk about that? Zero. Do they ever want to go still no answers. Truth thought, still no answers. Right? And you can go through example after example where, where, alright, we don't, like even the the Nashville shooting, they, they did not want in that school, right? They did not want to get into the background and the diary and all the stuff of the individual that was transgender or whatever in that shooting in the, in the Christian school in Nashville.


So here you've got this, right? And, and what happens? It just gets swept aside. And, and again, the reason we're doing this forum is that six weeks ago, Saturday, I think if I have my dates correct, six weeks ago, Saturday President Trump was shot And. We act like that didn't occur as a nation that is extraordinary on its face. So you're asking questions And I said before, law enforcement guys, you know, we like, well, you don't wanna get, you don't wanna make too many leaps particularly publicly. But, but it certainly, all the questions you're raising are the questions we need to pursue that, you know, the digital footprint question, how this guy literally, how he was able to be there flying a drone the day that the former president and the Republican nominee would be on a stage flying a drone literally the same day, just a couple of hours before the event.


How does that happen? Do you believe? Well, that's just a colossal failure of incompetence and By the way they don't even wanna pursue that But I. I don't believe that. Okay, I'm just gonna, I'm be I'm gonna get, you know, you get too far down the road. I don't believe that all of that's just accidental. I don't believe that this is all just in Congress or If it is, just put a brief out on it. Exactly. Just put, so like Congressman Crane, you address FISA before So. we have this massive unconstitutional spying apparatus going on where we're like, well, we spy on American citizens occasion. Not willing. Remember Clapper, not willingly, like, but it's happening. Everybody knows it's happening. There's been IG reports about the whole thing.


There's no communications with this kid anywhere. There's not a single leak. There's on a Facebook picture, Twitter, Snapchat, TikTok. It's just, again, I'm not making any leaps out. I'm just telling you the, the facts. And if you are forced to make a choice gun to the head, like is there something shady here, here or not? You're like, this is kind of weird. Yeah, you know, I, And I may be the only one on this panel. But, I'm not really willing yet to, you know, say wholeheartedly that I don't believe there's not a poss possibility for a second shooter. There's a guy named Jo John Colin, I believe he, he, he put a video out that had some evidence that, you know, I think this could, this task force should take a look at.


And it just, it showed the bullet traveling down the, the bleachers and the trajectory and the angle of this bullet and the flight path and it disturbing people's clothes. And one guy hits the deck and then it hitting, hitting the railing and you see the puff of the railing. It was not in line at all with Crooks who's over here. It was, it was this way. So I'm not willing to go there yet and say, Hey, I know for a fact it was Thomas Crooks who acted alone. But going back to Chip's, chip's point of, I don't believe, I don't believe that, I don't believe that the F FBI's gonna get to the bottom of this. And even if they did, I don't believe that we're, they would, they would give us the truth. I don't believe their story about the J six pipe bomber.


And I know you have questions about it too, Dan. you know, just, I, I'm telling you on my reputation, I've said in front of my audience, guys, you don't never have to talk to me again if I'm wrong, it is going to be the biggest scandal in modern American political history when they come out and go, oh, it was a training exercise. A hundred percent. There is not a single chance in hell an EOD Secret service team missed that bomb. There isn't. These are, there is no chance. The dog is not political. The dog smells black. You guys know the dog smells black powder from 50 yards away. The dog's gonna do something. The dog didn't do it.


There is zero chance that bomb was, it was placed there. And they're gonna say later on, it was a training exercise. I don't trust these people at all. And that's why I'm not willing to throw anything out either. I just, you know, I, yeah. And, and Dan, I actually questioned Christopher Ray, director Ray in Homeland Security earlier, earlier this year. And I said, I asked him if he knew how many, how many individuals were arrested going into the capitol. And I can't remember exactly what it was. It was several hundred, I think it was close to, you know, close to a thousand if not over a thousand. And many of those people, Dan, as you know, were just e they, you know, they, they were actually allowed into the capitol, okay?


Whether they should have gone, whether they shouldn't have gone. That's not the issue. But I asked him, so are you telling me sir, that the FBI couldn't find the one individual that could have committed multiple mass casualties. You guys could arrest all these other people, right? But you couldn't find the one person. And he said, no, you know, congressman, we're working on it. We've got, you know, a task force on it and all this stuff. I don't believe it for a second. Dan, Can I break loose to you guys? Please, please. Yeah, I was gonna do it in tomorrow's show, but being that you're all here, you probably need to hear it anyway. So again, I'm promising you this is as well placed the source as you're gonna get. I wouldn't spin your wheels, texted me this weekend and was there working on January 6th that day.


And when the pipe bomb incident went down and there was this initial chaos, him and his team were, were told, oh yeah, go take a look and we're gonna investigate and look for this guy, this, this subject. And then they were told just hours later, specifically to stand down but never given a reason. The story just makes no sense. And you know, granted this is a secret service panel about that incident, but they are deeply involved in this other security failure as well. So maybe I'll just throw that question out as well. If you guys wanna comment, fine. If not, I totally understand. But there's simply no chance that this explosive device is there.


The democrats in the media have been telling us all we're MAGA fascists who engaged in an insurrection to take out the government. They have prima fascia evidence of it, a pipe bomb trying to take out the VP elect who's a Democrat, And. we are the ones doing the US literally like, we're like, let's get that guy, let's get, no one else wants to talk about it. Not Benny Thompson. You saw Massey go after Benny Thompson about it. Benny Thompson's like don don't know nothing about nothing. The January 6th report, there's a whole big thing about grandma who got arrested for trespassing. There's nothing about a bomb out in front of the capitol. The Secret Service text disappear, it appears the camera footage has been manipulated. The FBI can't seem to find this guy and the, the cell phone he calls from the night before, they're telling us this is the bomber, the cell phone company mysteriously only those records are corrupted.


Nobody in the January 6th Bowl. They got all of them, but not this guy. Like, it just stinks, Congressman and nobody trusts these people. Well, and here's The thing that's very interesting. you know, And, we talk about the J six and all the amount of resources and assets that went in to try and make us all the 10 foil cap insurrection that's under the MAGA community. Why is it that they're able to utilize cell phone pings for J six but they can't for J 13. Why can't we do a cell phone ping to determine who's in the A GR building who was actually on the grounds who had done travel back and forth between DC And? we were told, and again, not take anything off, but the person that Thomas Crooks was actually in touch with, they had tracked that he had been going back and forth to DC and it just so happens that the building area that he was having the meeting with is very close to the FBI headquarters.


When, when we look at this, when we talk about things like who is Maxwell uric? Who is, you know, the individuals who are in the room that had to leave, that didn't have the data card entry at the time of the actual kind of ascension onto the roof, who was, this is the whole point. They want to continue to try and bring up the fact to try and paint one party for political purposes. And yet we were the one saying it doesn't matter who the actual intended target was, Republican or Democrat alike, let's go after whoever that individual is. Let's get the facts for the American people. Let's get the justice that the American people deserve. But you don't see that on the opposite side. No, you don't see that. Where's Merrick Garland coming forward with this Department of Injustice to say, Hey, I'm pledging all of my assets to go ahead and ensure that we get to it.


We're gonna go ahead and look at all comms platforms. We're gonna talk to every one of the cell phone, you know, companies that were in the area. If you are out there, you'll see there's two satellite cell towers that are sitting within a hundred yards of the actual, we can't get access to that. I mean, there's too many questions that that arise here. Yeah. Who was bringing that? And to your point, when it came to FISA direct violations of we all swear a oath to a constitution, it's directed violations of your fourth and sixth amendment rights with rights to have an actual warrantless search is what they're trying to claim. No, you're supposed to have a warrant for proper search and seizure. No illegal search and seizures. Well, for a right to be tried in a court before your peers, they're denying that when they violate things like FISA 7 0 2, where they got 287,000 plus violations, they've admitted to, which in my opinion, if they admitted to 2 87, it's like a body count.


It's probably more like 300, 400,000. But my whole thing is that we should be pledging the same amount of resource assets to the J 13 incident as they were willing to pledge to paint us in a certain light on the J six. Yeah, mark on, on the January 6th and, and unfortunately the assassination attempt as well, again, there seems to be this persistent effort, as you indicated before, to just not share information when these are literally taxpayer funded entities whose job is to share information with us. It breeds this not only as discontent, but this distrust, right? Where if an investigation is to come out and it, let's say just hypothetically speaking, say the FBI does a free and fair investigation, right?


And they come to the conclusion, crooks worked alone. This, he had no digital footprint because whatever, he was some life loser and he just didn't wanna do and nobody wanted talk to him online. Whatever. The sad thing is nobody's gonna trust him at all because their reputation has been so tarnished by J six and, and how they handled the pipe bomb and everything else. Dan, I I couldn't have said better myself. And this is, I'm almost spent 20 years in the FBI. It hurts for me to agree with you on that. Yeah, I can imagine. But that's the fact, right? That's the reality we have to face. Another thing, director Ray, that I really go hard at him is if you see him every time he's, he's questioned by these, these gentlemen here and others is, and when they question their motives, what does he do? He gets mad.


Oh, he gets angry, right? Yeah, very. I'm like, that's your job. I led CBP the largest law enforcement organization in the world, and every time I stood in front of a gentleman like this, that was part of my job to take the incoming, because that's part of their job. The American people elected them to go and challenge people like me and the director to question everything that they do. That's their job. And when you have a director like that, that gets indignant, how dare you question our motives. No, that's, that's exactly what we should be doing in this country. And like you said, there's a lot of the reasons and examples why American distrust the FBI right now. Yeah, and I'll go back, I'll go back to the lack of transparency. I'll, I'll go back to you Valdi too again, governor Abbott, it was within a week after the shooting, what did they do?


That press conference? They went through a detailed timeline of the shooter. A detailed folks, I'm telling you right now, we have that with the assassination attempt from President Trump. Yeah. They have that detailed outline. They could get up there and hold a press conference and go through And I think they could address some of these questions about a second shooter or this or that, all these conspiracies because they're not being honest and transparent with American people. Therefore everybody and all the conspiracy theories are filling the void with stuff when they could address it. Right. Now I wanna bring up something else too. Congressman Mills, you brought it up before this was, you know, a a, a good friend of mine, a really good high quality agent, nice guy. Erma nameless said to me once, you know, we, we landed a helicopter once on a motorcade route for, it was a long story, but it was a failure.


But nothing happened because we used the secondary route. But he said to me, and I'll never forget, he said, an uneventful failure. Dan is never a success, not in our line of work. And I said, we'll call him Tony. I said, Tony, whatever. That is the, you are so smart. You are a hundred percent correct. We're doing that. I was the whip at the time. It wasn't my route. But I was kind of supervising the operation. And I said, we gotta clean this up and prevent that from happening again. This was not an uneventful failure. A man was murdered in front of his family. Donald Trump was shot in the head, actually shot in the head. This could have been worse. It turns out, as you indicated before, he had a detonator that according to a number of sources, including Congressman Waltz, who was as obviously has his own military experience, this thing worked.


If those devices go off in the car and create a distraction, those CS teams, counter sniper teams are probably so preoccupied looking at the distraction, which any human being was not a knock on them. Anyone's gonna go, if a bomb goes off, we're not robots. And in those maybe five, 10 seconds fog of war, you know, I was not, well you guys have, you guys have been in the military, the fog of war, it might be 10, 20 seconds before they target a choir again. And at that point Donald Trump's dead. He could have unleashed an entire magazine. This thing could have been 10 times worse. Well, On your point though, Dan, what have we heard about? We've been told Eli And I that they're quite sophisticated devices with regards to explicit advice, but also the fact that he had a multi transmitting detonator, which is a pretty sophisticated level.


What have we been told about those explosives? Nothing. What were we told about the white van and who that white van was, was owned by nothing. What were we told about the guy on the bicycle that came by the wood line on after the shooting? Nothing. The, the problem is, is you're not getting any actual input. Your buddy's exactly right. An uneventful failure is still a failure. And this was not uneventful. So why are we not prioritizing this with every single resource assets? Why are we not doing daily briefings? Why is the media already not running this any longer? When you had a former president of the United States shot, you're getting more coverage on the cost of like the, the local goods in the store next.


you know, that that just went up as opposed to a former president being shot On Tv, on television where it could have been prevented. Why was the a GR building outside the perimeter lines, who determined that and why at 130 yards? My my point is, is that you're exactly right that we should be questioning everything. You're exactly right. We need to build the confidence of the FBI and ensure the right comms plan. We're right all in this room and in this forum and asking the questions to get transparency because If, we do not, this will be another one of the greatest coverups in American history. Ask you guys Real quick. Hold, hold due respect to Speaker Johnson. To your point, the task force the report is due in December. Yeah. Are you, You kidding me? I know, I know.


Which is a little late. It's, it's stupid. You had mentioned something about the deputy after, after election. So Congressman Crane, if you wanna jump in, And I, I, I don't have, I mean, I have my experience in training, but you know, the secret services, like most military entities, you, you might fly on a helicopter, but they're not gonna teach you how to fly the helicopter. That's what you do like that. So in the Secret service, you'll get explosives training, but you're not gonna build them and you're never gonna be an EOD guy. So I was watching Congressman Walls, green Beret, another Florida congressman, and he was on Fox this weekend, and he's asking the same question I am. And you know, he's not known as a bomb thrower or anything. He's like, listen, I was in the military. It's pretty sophisticated, explosive.


Who was this guy working with? We given your military training. I mean, you just said about the detonator and the explosive, this isn't the kind of thing like, you know, in five minutes you learn to put together in the parking lot. Like he had to be online figuring this out or someone had have likely helped him. Yeah. This is something I have a little bit of knowledge on is that one of the gentlemen who's coming in to talk with us today, Ben Schafer, he was one of the counter counter sniper guys here. He was telling me that the, the explosives he was talking to some of the guys, the local guys, the EOD guys that looked at the explosives, did reports on the explosives.


To Corey's point said that these explosives and the, the pictures that I saw of the explos, these explosives, Dan, where they were built in ammo cans, but they were, they were actually pretty advanced from guys that have, you know, years and years of experience who come across explosives all the time. Homemade explosives say, Hey, we're actually really surprised at the complexity of these explosives, which leads, you know, a rational thinker to believe that this 20-year-old kid with no military experience, you know, with no, you know, history online or history that's been scrubbed and wiped, you know, might have been getting help. And so, you know, there's one more question that needs to be answered and one more reason why we have to do this.


A multi-channel. Detonator, Yeah. And a multi-channel Detonator. So Explain that quick To the earlier. 'cause you were talking about okay, if, if there, if, if he cracks off this explosion, you know, then, you know, It draws a bunch of, it draws a bunch of attention towards the explosive. I'm thinking like a Malcolm X shooting, right? Let's, let's where the guy creates a ruckus in one direction, but the shot came from The other direction. Right? And so that, that was, that was what I was hearing from some of the guys on the ground who believed that he actually had these explosives for diversionary purposes so that he could take shots, maybe clack off the explosion, all the attention goes over here away from him, and then get the hell outta dodge while pandemonium erupts. So I don't know if that's the case, but, you know, it's definitely something to take a look at.


Yeah, I I, you know, when he said that this weekend I rely on, you know, I, I consider myself, I, I hate stupid smart people. Stupid smart people are smart, but they don't know the limits of their own knowledge. So that's not my thing. I've, you know, I rely on the EOD guys that find or function or the dogs and, and that was it. But again, it opens up a bunch of questions I wanted to ask you. It just came out this morning. So, but Susan Crabtree, who's been all over this, an amazing reporter, real clear, she has a number of sources that align with the story. I've, I've been trying to get on the media for years that a lot of our security operations, DSS, diplomatic security service and others, that there may be some infiltration of Iranian influence and it may have something to do with some of the security allocations that they've been doing that have been wrong.


I don't know about that. I'm still looking at that story. But I do find it odd that they've known about this Iranian threat ever since the killing of soleimani against Donald Trump and others for years. And yet the security detail was still told, you know, no, you cannot have a bigger security footprint despite the fact that it was on the record that they've known. But yeah, there it is right there. They've actually known about this threat. I mean, it, there's only to me, congressman, and correct me if I'm wrong, two possible solutions. Like you had said, Congressman Mills, absolute negligence, borderline criminal. Hey, the Iranians wanna kill us, don't do anything or something more nefarious. No, I mean, look, I, I think these are the kind of things, and Susan, just so everybody knows, and as we're sitting here, as you pointed out in the Heritage Foundation, we're gonna have our forum here in about 30 minutes.


Susan is over there meeting right now in that same room with Jason Chait, And I, think a couple other press people. Susan's been obviously one of the leaders in reporting hundred percent out there and making sure that there's a focus on what the Secret Service does. Has for years been doing that. Now in particular focused this year. And as you pointed out, she, she sent me a message this morning and route to here, this thing that she's breaking right is Iranian spying, hurting efforts to protect Trump, Harris Biden and former Trump national security officials. Some US national security officials are convinced that agencies devoted to protecting the security of presidents, former presidents, et cetera. And their families as well as current and former, have been compromised by I reigning intelligence assets. Three knowledgeable sources told real clear politics. That's not small, that's not a small allegation by a serious reporter, And I.


Think these are the kind, look, Corey said it before. Our enemies are watching, they're watching what we're doing. And this continued weakness, this continued, again, it's something beyond incompetence. Our enemies are watching, the people in our own country are watching the lack of faith in institutions matters and And I think we've got to get to the bottom of this. And so I, I applaud Susan over here as having this conversation, seeking the truth. But we've got to go seek the truth as Congress and it can't be these politically motivated timetables. Again, I've got the utmost respect for a number of the people on the panel. you know, It was said, you know, clay Higgins is a good friend. Mark Green is the chairman of Homeland Security.


There are friends of ours that are on this panel. But some of these selections were political. Certainly the timing of the report is political. The fact that neither Corey nor Eli are on is I think a significant question. I'm not sure, I'm not the, the most experienced prosecutor, but is there, are there I was a prosecutor. Are there experienced prosecutors on there? I I think we need to be aggressive at seeking the truth. It's already too late to be the timeliness that was deserved and necessary to instill confidence. But we could still do the job if we were to act quickly now to get to the bottom of the truth so the American people can have confidence in their institutions again. But right now it's waning if we don't get to the bottom of it as Congress.


So, one last thing, And I, I think we'll we'll wrap up after this to give us some time to get down to the hearing downstairs, which is really important. I encourage you all to watch it. It's available on all platforms Rumble, you're on X Facebook, it's gonna be all over the place. Make sure you check it out. It's really important. It's gonna be a fact finding mission. That's our mission here. None of us are here for any other reason other than we wanna see all of these protectees, all of 'em stay alive. I worked for two Democratic presidents and a Republican and And I know you guys served and you didn't go, oh, I'm serving that you served the country. And that's it. But I kind of an exit question here. you know, if, if we were to win in November, which I hope happens, don don't wanna get ahead of ourselves, you know, I hate Red Wave talk.


It's stupid and unnecessary and ridiculous. It's burned us a thousand times, but there's like a red wave counter on my show. but that they do a drinking game. 'cause I, every time someone, I, I tell everyone not to do the red wave, but I'm so worried about it. That's why. But if we win in November, we've already seen the left's capacity for frankly street insanity. BLM Antifa, the riots. We've had this guy take a shot at President Trump already while our party resolutely completely, 100% looks in the camera and condemns political violence with absolute resolute certainty. Everybody got it? Write it down. Media people. I've only said it a thousand times because once you cross that line, there's no going back. The left doesn't.


You had Maxine Waters, you had even Kamala Harris. They're gonna be out in the streets. All these people. I'm really worried, given these secret service failures that November to January before he swears in, we're gonna see a lot, lot of chaos. I'll let everybody comment. And I. Think we wrap it up and head downstairs? Yeah, I mean, look, there's no doubt. First of all, between now and November 5th, we have one singular mission. And that is to connect and resonate with the American people. We need to, as President Trump says, win two big to rig, right? I mean, that's the goal. Let's get out and go get on offense to make sure the American people know what we stand for in terms of the rule of law. Securing the border of the United States, driving down prices, getting rid of the regulatory state that's crushing small businesses. Make sure that we restore institutions again, restore faith and stop spending money we don't have.


That's driving up inflation and killing our ability to have a government we can trust. These are things we can talk about and resonate with the American people. We wake up on November 6th, And. we have the White House And, we have the House And, we have the Senate. If we do our job, we must immediately start putting forward the plans that we wanna put in place to make sure that people understand that on January 21st things are gonna change. That we are going to restore order, we are going to restore the rule of law that we were serious about removing the millions of people who have been dumped into our country that are endangering people, killing Lake and Riley, killing Rachel Marin, killing Elizabeth Medini Medina killing Jocelyn Nunga. I can keep going down the list. We need to have a plan and put it in place. And when people start doing what they're gonna inevitably do, we roll over them.


That's just simply, we roll over them rhetorically, we, we roll over them with the rule of law. They have no basis for going out there and stirring up that trouble. You don't let your streets burn has happened in the summer of 20. And that's, and look, And, I, and And, you gotta be critical. you know, we need the administration and in the transition Republicans, governors need to stand up and do their part to keep the peace, keep order, and make sure that we have a peaceful transition of power. I believe fundamentally in the rule of law, I believe fundamentally in the Constitution of the United States, And, I will continue to fight and defend that sometimes you take positions that aren't popular when you do that. And I think we will have to come together as a party. But one thing needs to be certain.


On November 6th, we are gonna get busy taking this country back. And it begins and ends from my standpoint, in protecting the freedom of the American people through the constitutional mandate that the government has to secure the blessings of liberty. That needs to be our focus. Your thoughts on the transition and if we win, you know, knock on wood and, and the, just the heightened threat level. Yeah. Well obviously this election, we say it all the time. It is so important. It's, it's our election to lose Dan. That's the way I, I feel about it. It's our country to lose. That's, that's the way I feel about it. And so we're, you know, Dan, you say all the time on your show. I guess we just haven't felt enough pain yet, right?


You say that all the time. Well, the question it, my question to the American people is have you felt enough pain yet? Are you concerned about these socialists that are on the Democrat ticket? Because make no mistake about it, these people are socialists. They want top down, totalitarian control. don don't care what the commercials say. When you hear Tim Waltz say, one man's socialism is another man's neighborliness. Correct? Right. And you hear Kamala Harris talking about equal outcomes, guys, that is the dialect of the socialists. Make no mistake about it, So, we can blame politicians. All we all, all you want, I'm as bad at anybody at doing it. But if you're not willing to get off your butt, get out there and not only just go vote, that's a bare minimum. But grab 10 or 15 of your family members Yes, yes.


Get with turning point action. Yes. Beautiful. Get on their plan early. Go help us chase ballots around the country like Democrats do so that we can win this election and save it for, you know, and try and turn this thing around for our kids, Dan Congressman. And one, one thing, if you just, you guys have run and won elections, can you just tell people when you vote early, you don't have to go chase them. The ma you, they get pulled off your list. It saves the Trump and everyone a fortune. Like, please God, I'm not using his name in vain. I mean it to save the country. Ple I, I was not a huge fan of early voting either. We gotta save the country. This is no time for statements. We'll make statements afterwards. Get your vote in there early. Bank it. Sorry, closing thought. Look, I just wanna go ahead and say, look, I've been a registered Republican my entire life.


But I identify as a constitutional conservative. I identify with the understandings of fiscal responsibility. You want to talk about the most consequential elections in our lifetime. Let's go ahead and put out two facts. One, this is the first time in American history at $36 trillion that we're gonna spend more in servicing the interest on our debt than we will in our entire national defense Annual spending. We are now one of roughly 28 empires and nations in the world's history. Who's ever exceeded 130% GDP expenditures. And guess what? Only one survived. Which is Japan. Which many argue they had to redo their currency and banking system. We now join that list of fiscal experimentation. We have to look at what the priorities are. you know, I always talk about pros and cons. Pros is progress.


Con is Congress. We have identified the fact that we cannot continue to do the same thing over and over, expecting different outcome. We cannot continue to ignore our seven articles, 27 amendments that govern us. We cannot continue to look at the encroachment of Americans ability to have their own freedoms, life's liberties and pursuit of happiness. We must strive for that perfect union. And if you look, it is not the DNC of 1992 as my good friendship Roy pointed out. As far as the top priorities. We have to get back to simplicity here. We have to be physically responsible. We have to limit government and ensure our 10th amendment right to our state and individual freedoms. We have to secure our borders. We have to prioritize our children.


We have to strengthen our military. We have to start identifying that we can't be the biggest consumer of goods, but we need to be the best producer of goods to get that GDP National debt ratio inverted And. We have to get back to the understanding that D-E-I-C-R-T and ESG isn't the priority GOD is. Which is why we were one nation under God. Let's focus on the priorities. Let's get out November 5th, let's get people out. 'cause I can tell you, in Florida during our primaries, we only had about a 17% turnout. That is not going to win this nation. If you truly are out there being a self-proclaimed patriot, then get out there and do your part by not only voting, but also in states that have ballot harvesting go out and ballot harvest. We have to play the game back at them.


Yes, we can't continue to play defense. It's time to play offense. 'cause our nation is at stake here. So let's get out, let's do our part and let's win this election. So, we can save our republic. Article four, section four. We are constitutional republic, not a democracy. Let's get back to constitutionality. Indeed, Indeed. Mark, final Words two, two things. One, on the voting right, there's an old military saying, right, you go to battle with army, you have, right? And that's why I look at the voting, harness the shit out of it. Wherever it's legal and vote early now due as soon as you possibly can. Or we're never gonna win a national election again, if we don't change our mindset. Why arguing for in-person voting? What if we can get the across the line. The second thing though, since I'm gonna use my time, since I've got three congressional members here, if we do win, what we need is, is conservatives to actually have political backbone, strength and will to do the right thing, right?


And, we don't have that. Even among the Republican party. And I'm gonna use the border as an example. Remember Trump with the conservatives. We had the White House, the House and the Senate for two years, and Congress failed. Conservatives failed to pass a single piece of meaningful border security legislation. HR two hr, you guys did your job. The strongest border security bill that's ever been passed in a single chamber in our lifetime. It literally provided a policy pathway forward to secure a border job well done. It went to the Senate and it died. And then the Senate Republicans, oh gosh, we can't even mention HR two. And then we had that miserable failed Langford bill that was anything but a border security bill.


So I, I'll leave this with this. If we're gonna be able to do what we need to do on the border, we've got to have Republicans that are gonna join together and stay strong. And I, I'll, I'll mention this. So when we start a nationwide, a massive, the largest removal operation that this country has ever seen, which we have to do to actually secure our border, are we gonna have every single conservative congressional member that's gonna support that? Well, I, I've dedicated my entire show to it. I wanna just thank my audience too. We had a shocking 200,000 people in this live stream today. Gee, we peaked out what, what?


1 99. 201 9 1 99 right there. Before we were right to, well, we'll round up 200,000 with Democrat Math. 200,000. You guys matter. you know that when, when Congressman Roy and these congressional patriots said, do you wanna come up and do this? I was like, you're damn right. Because you know what? We may not have subpoena power. We have the greatest power of all. There's no bullshit you all. I guarantee you this 200,000 people is a bigger audience. And any network news has online, I guarantee watch tomorrow on all these live stream things. Thanks to you spread the word. Make sure you tune into the 12 o'clock hearing where we're gonna have some more experts, including Eric Prince, prince, and one of the folks who was actually there.


And Matt Gates will be joining as well. I really deeply appreciate your time. Download the Rumble app folks if you can, and go to rumble.com slash bonino. We're the home of free speech. And then check out Rumble Premium. If you don't like a lot of ads, we'd love to have you. Thanks so much for your time. See you in a few minutes at the hearing. Take care. Thanks Dan. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.