
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. We had so many amazing moments at the RNC, we didn't want you to miss any of 'em. So if you miss the second we put together my production team, which did a great job here, a best of for you folks. you know I only bring you the best guess. I don't wanna waste your time. So let's get right to the show. You're not gonna wanna miss a second of this. There are so many moments. We honestly had a hard time segregating out which ones we would put in here and which ones we wouldn't. It was that good. A couple sponsors paid for today's show. We appreciate your patience.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Trust me, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a toll on your health. But there's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. Their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause that next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful old natural blend of Reishi magnesium, L-theanine and Apogen. Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's? Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code BONINO for up to 45% off. Check it out.


Today's show also brought to you by Birch Gold. If you weren't following the news, it was a big hit to the US dollar You. know the Saudis busted up that petro dollar deal we've had for a long time. Oil used to be sold almost exclusively in US dollars. Now they want other options. So simple supply and demand. There's less demand for the US dollar, then what happens to the US dollar. That's why I use Birch Gold B-I-R-C-H and have for a long time. They're a valuable resource for you as well. For over 20 years, Birch Gold Group has helped thou tens of thousands from Americans protect their savings by converting an IRA of 401k and to an IRA in physical gold. To learn more text, Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your free, no obligation info kit on gold birch. Gold is earned. My trust is earned my trust with their education first approach. There are thousands of happy customers and their countless five star reviews, me included, protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further? Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


Check this show out so many moments, so many good times at the RNC. You're gonna love it. Do you guys think, 'cause I, this is the one issue all three of us are gonna agree on, on the couch. I know we do. 'cause we Only one this unfortunately, I spending enough time with both. This is, we agree on probably everything. This Is news. And this one was something you, we went all in on. We all agreed JD Vance was the best pick. Amen. Vice President, given the portfolio of people available. Don, your initial thoughts, I mean, no one's closer to your dad than you. I mean, I know your dad had this short list. I know, you know, Bergham seems like a nice enough guy. I went to a fundraiser. He was there. He's actually a pretty good speaker. Yeah, You know, I guess Rubio has his assets too. Whatever. I, I don't get into politicians.


I don't wanna date these guys. I got a wife. I'm married. I don't really care. However, JD to me is the one guy, I've had a couple conversations, but I don't have coffee with him. We're not best friends. But he came off as the most genuine and sincere. And even though you may disagree with him on some things, I don't, but you may disagree with him on Ukraine or trade policy. He's not fucking around like he says what he means. No, he's the real deal. And at least he's gonna take a stand. He's the real deal. I mean, he, listen, he, I, I read his book. There's what? That's how I got to know him before, you know, I read his book back in like, whatever it was. Early, early teens when it came out. I go, man, this guy's gotta be in politics. I, I loved the story. And then he actually sort of started this thing like never Trumper because like, he didn't have any information, but he was also the guy that didn't just say, okay, well I'm gonna accept Trump now in row.


He was like, I was wrong. Yes. I I did not think that the brash guy from New York was gonna fight for X, Y, ZI didn't think he was gonna like, I was wrong. I I bought into the media narrative and he became like a champion of the America first of the Maga cause and, and just articulates it so well. So like we became friends. Like I, but I was like Chris. I was like, oh, this guy, I love it. I was like, is it never Trump? I can't even believe it. But but it wasn't just, he came to terms with it. Like, he was just like, I was wrong. And and from that moment on, just started fighting for all of the things that, that we believe in. So You know, I I was really passionate about that. I was also passionate about having a guy that's young, that can, that can take that mantle of America first. Not go back to NeoCon bullshit.


Where You know, we, we haven't been in a war in three minutes. Let's make sure we spend $4 trillion in mortgage, our children's futures to You know to hell. I don't want it to end in four years after my father's done. Right. I, I want that to be conservatism going forward. Not, not a reversion. Back to the stuff that has failed us. And that doesn't represent the people across the country, but it plays great in, were in the swamp. It's a big deal. We were, your dad started a movement. Yeah. It's not about him anymore. It is now he is obviously the guy who's the You know the head of the MAGA movement, but your father's not gonna be around for hopefully a long time. But he started a movement. And I You know, I said these other guys, the guys to take the mantle or jd Yeah.


Tucker, I know you were team jd really. Can I say I was at a dinner a few years ago in my old neighborhood in DC before I left probably five years ago. And, they were ever just talking about Trump. Trump You know what you think of Trump. And I said, you know, you know the smartest guy in that whole constellation is Don Jr. And they're like, Yeah, Don Junior's, the Oh yeah, Don Jr. Okay. He shoots animals. Right? I was like, actually Don Junior's the smartest one. It's true. And that I thought your analysis is that's so right. I almost don't have anything to add to that. It's exactly right what he just said. And he, so he speaks for me on that. But can I say one thing about jd? He's like, he's like a normal person. He's like a good person.


Politicians are just so hollow. You can't overstate that. You can't have a have a conversation with 'em. I mean, how many dinners have I had with politicians, senator, presidents, the all of 'em. They're all the same. They're All the same. If you say that Jd, you could predict their answers, right? It's Unbelievable. But even in private, they're false. JD Vance, I mean I've had the privilege of talking to him a lot before he went for Senate. And this current post, he was like, tormented. Like, what effect does this have on my wife? What effect does this have on my three children? These are real questions for him. These are not fake performative questions. Like, I'm gonna spend more time with my family. It's like, how are they, how do they feel about this? What will this do to my soul? He weighs the, the moral consequences of decisions He actually does, by the way, I saw a picture of him today in his marine uniform.


I've never seen that before. Try to get JD Vz to talk about his marine service. He's embarrassed of it. He he does, he doesn't parade it around like every doesn't parade. He never talks about it. The best. Talking about, You mean he doesn't have the Pee Buttigieg photo? No, But I, but it's different. You know what he, and and this was such a critical point I spoke to, I'm not a veteran, so I spoke to a couple other people who are, I go, there's a difference here, right? You know you look at a Buttigieg You know they go to Harvard, Princeton, Yale, and then they do like the obl. Like, I wanna be a politician, so I'll go do some obligatory service. JD enlisted in the Marine Corps outta high school. Yeah. He he did that first. Yes. It, it wasn't the afterthought because I wanna get into politics and it be a nice box to check. He did it first before he knew where his life was going. I remember that's a huge deal and a big difference. And he doesn't talk about it. And listen, it takes a set of moose nuts to go in the Marines too.


That's not an easy spook kid. Especially, but, and listen, listen, Think he's the first ever to be on a ticket. Actually actual Marine, obviously Ice Army, Marine Marines leather next year. And I like to, I mean, I have, I'm in Florida in the winter, but I remember watching one of these debates or something and DeSantis, I, in the end, I thought he was on one of the SEAL teams. 'cause he was talking about, oh, the SEAL teams and dah, dah, dah, dah. And I'm like, what? Weren't you like a freaking lawyer or something? Like, what? Stop. It's too fake. I can't do. And I like DeSantis, but it's too fake. And it's also, it's being fake about something that's kind of important and that we all revere as Americans. It makes us all cynical about military service. And JD to his enormous credit, will never leverage that.


Because again, it makes everybody cynical when you lie about something important You know what I mean? I think I, I I'd just like you to address this. If you could, I played a clip of you on my podcast today. You were, I don't know what you're talking heritage or something, and you said You know all of the right slash wrong people hate JD Vance. And I, I, can you just go into that because that is so important. Like the Lindsey Grahams of the world. Well, it's just like Trump who was by the way shit talking JD Nancy the entire day, the day before he was trying to get your dad to Go. Well you, you heard about that. I guess there's a lot of lobbying efforts going on the day before. And I think, I mean, your post on, on the, I mean just, just brutalized, but I think it's the, it may be the greatest thing on the internet. I couldn't deal with that in the last week.


It's Like, can I hate to be mean to Lindsey Graham? I suspect he likes it actually. Naughty little guy. But he does. Every time we see him, he's like, Hey man. I'm like, I was incredibly cruel. Cruel to you. This is like some sort of weird whatever trip that you have. but I guess the point I would make is JD v it's almost, and Trump is exactly the same, it's almost like to catch a predator. It's like you wave Trump or JD Vance out there and all the creeps show up right? To hate You know. It's like you just, there such clarifying forces like lost. It's like catch a predator. It's like, nah, I'm not kidding. It's like stand in a room full of people in Washington and say, I think JD Vance should be the vice president.


Everyone who has a heart attack is exactly who you don't want to babysit your kids. Yeah. Like, it's totally true. And in this specific case, I just, I watched and since I spent my whole life in DC I knew a lot of the people actually, all of them And, they were all the people whose careers have really, and decisions have really wrecked our country. And I kept thinking like, on what grounds? Do you have any authority to give advice to anybody for anything? It's like literally you pass a homeless guy and he's giving you real estate advice. You, you talk to a bankrupt guy and he's giving you investment strategy and it's like you've discredited yourself. It's a fat guy telling you how to get fit. Like what? No, when you have a track record of success, I will listen to you. But if you are, I don't know, fill in the blank.


Lindsey Graham, yeah. Are You joking? Everything that you have advocated for has hurt people and above all hurt the United States of America. Why don't you sit the next 20 years out? By The way, In Ashes and Sackcloth, we're About to press 175,000 streamers. So hey Chris, I say we're the biggest in the world. Right's gotta be one. The Number one world, World, I don't wanna just, I don't wanna just win America. America. I wanna win the world stream In the usa. Wait, Are you Gonna tell viewers who is actually the floor director of this show? I've Chris, come Chris. Wait, Chris, wave below. Come on. Come on over Lisa. Hey Chris. How come Poplawski iss never my producer Say Most people don't have Say hi. Come here. Just sit next to me for a minute. Billionaire Media moguls like Producer, CEO, Rumble.


Chris, just say a Hello everybody. Hey chat. What's going on? We got 175,000 175,000 biggest stream in the us Three and a half times bigger than the biggest stream on Twitch right now. And holy fuck, and I hope you don't mind me cursing Don You know You don't Give shit. The reason I am the way I am is because I didn't grow up like the conventional billionaire son. My dad took me on job sites, so I grew up with construction workers. So I talk like that's, I wanna thank you though, brother. This is because of you create and Rumble and giving us an opportunity to not have to do this bullshit censorship stuff on YouTube. You know, they kicked me off for saying masks don't work. These motherfuckers will you believe that shit and you think they'd apologize to me? Well, that's how we know that masks Don't Matter.


If it was, if they thought it may be true at the time, there's never, there's, there's never accountability for being wrong about everything. Right. Thank you. Thanks guys. Thanks. The four Marshall for this, this thing. We appreciate it Ladies and gentlemen, I am a man of my word. I told you only the best guest from the RNCI was not gonna waste your mu Jim, can we? No. You sure? Oh, I, I, I That's not true. No, there's definitely a midweek exception. Okay. There's not. Alright, I don't wanna waste any more time. Us Senate candidate from the great state of Arizona and a good friend Carrie Lake, welcome back to the show. You've been on many times. How are you? I'm doing great. It's good to be on, in person with you on the show. I love I know we're usually over the phone. You're, you're a little bit away from me over there in Arizona.


My, my wife just spent some time in Sedona. Absolutely fell in love with it. Beautiful. I couldn't make it, I had to work on that specific trip, but how are You, you need to go back to Sedona with her. I know. Oh, she told me I got married there. It's beautiful. It's, it's just Such a, there's so much to see in Arizona, but your race. I wanna get into a couple different things here with you. We, we limited time with you. How are you feeling about your race? I mean, I don't trust polling, but the polling is, is is now trending significantly in your direction? No red wave talk on this show. It's absolutely forbidden. But given ev all the controversies in Arizona with the balloting honest take, how are you feeling about this thing? I Feel good. We just got another poll. I don't know if we've put it out or if it's been put out, but we're up a couple.


That's good. We were, we were down a little bit before. This is a tight, gonna be a tight race because no doubt it's $250 million is gonna be poured into the Arizona US Senate race. It's a lot of money and, and it's a lot of ads they're able to buy and lie. And my opponent is, is truly, and we hear this a lot, he's far right. He's the most far right person running, far left. And I'm sorry, far left. Yeah. Okay. I'm lacking sleep. He's the most far left person running. Thank you for correcting me. No, no, I believe me. I do it all. You're only here four hours a day. This happens all the time. So you're Like, did I say this? Believe me, my audience, He's the most far left person running and I don't, I'm I'm not just throwing that around. No, just Listen to what he Says. This is a guy who's voted with Joe Biden a hundred percent of the time. Not 95, a hundred.


He's voted with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris's agenda a hundred percent of the time. That's more than even. Where does he think he's running the, that's California the squad. That's more than the squad. Yeah. He's running in Arizona though. He's running in Arizona. He's not running in California. Well, he's where that might fly. He's in the House of Representatives. He's a congressman in, in Central Phoenix, the fastest growing homeless population. Vets are living on the street. Dying on the street. He's marched and defund the police rallies. I mean that's disqualifying right there. He wanted to get rid of the filibuster in the House of Representatives, get rid of the filibuster to pass the George Floyd legislation, which would've defunded the police nationwide while They run on democracy and stuff. Well, they run on democracy. They wanna pack the Supreme Court. Now, of course, as the Democrats, a lunatic, I mean I've, I've read his stuff.


He is, the, the, his positions are, are absolutely insane. Now you are in an actual border state that has been just overwhelm by this, the, the southern border collapse. We, we don't have a border. I always say to people, we have, we have a suggestion. Hey, stop. Well what if I don't, nobody's just gonna fly you around the country. I, I've gotta imagine I'm not from Arizona. I, I You know we're on there on the radio and I don't pretend to understand what you do. What I don't understand now is, is how there's a single Democrat left politically standing in the state of Arizona. I mean, you are literally looking at the border invasion problem right there.


I'm in Florida, we, we, we don't share a border with Mexico. And how is it, I mean, what, how are they are, are they trying to go centrist? Am I missing something? Well, I mean, I don't wanna go in too deep into what all of our problems with our elections, but there's still problems and we're working. I've seen it to resolve those in the courts. I'm still fighting in the courts and we're trying to make some changes. 'cause I think when you have elections run like a third world country, these are the result. These are the people you get into office. But the Democrats increasingly are on our side. When you look at polling, and I, I agree with you. I don't, my polling is what the people are telling me on the ground. but I do, I do look at polling as well. The Democrats are fed up. I saw a poll number that the Democrats are for and majority of the Democrats are for sending people back.


I call it repatriating people back to their country. Hispanics are Favors Are of sending people back, sending people back. Hispanic Democrats. One is one pollster asked, do you wanna militarize the border? And the majority of people said yes temporarily until we get this thing under control. So this is, this is why my opponent, Ruben Gallego is now trying to backpedal and act like he's Mr. Moderate when he is the most radical. He's the reason, he is, he's, he's Biden's favorite congressman. He's the reason we have an open border. His plan for the border is keep it open and then Say, no, no, let me stop. His plan for border is there is no border. There is no, that's no, that's his plan for the border. But he won. He's he said to me one time, he said, we just need to put more money into these communities.


Yeah, sure. They wanna put money into the symptoms rather than solving the problem. Yeah. It's not hard. Like Donald Trump. You're very friendly with Donald Trump. Just look at the numbers. These are the amount of people that tried to cross Donald Trump. These are the amount of people who made it across under Joe Biden. The numbers are, are conclusive. Well, on Saturday he was showing those charts, right? When, when they tried to take him out, well Should, because The numbers speak for themselves. And he, he said, Thank God he was showing those shirt. 'cause he turned his head. That's right at the last second that he Looked at it. That's, thank God. But the lowest number of illegal crossers under President Trump. Now, the highest we've ever seen. 12 million people in. And Dan, I've got kids, I've got a 19 and 21-year-old, they're being priced out of housing. You know 12 million people coming in have to be put up somewhere. Our tax dollars are paying for it.


They're taking jobs. They're depressing the wages of hardworking everyday Americans. This is affecting people who are middle class and and struggling the hardest. Yeah, no, we're, and so we gotta turn economically, we gotta turn it around. The border affects the economy and the economy is really killing people right now. So I know this is a q and a question answer, but this is more of kind of a request and a favor, right? We've had Jim Jordan on Speaker Johnson, Marjorie Taylor Greene, and you could potentially knock on wood, be a very prominent, important United States senator from a swing state in a critical position. You could technically be the side and vote. We may get 51. That could be you. I'm Ho I'm gonna be more optimistic. I want 55.


Oh, I, I would love even more. I You know, but on my show, I always pretend like we're running You know 50 points behind. It's be, it's better because we gotta overcome a lot of obstacles. but I need a favor from you. Obviously, I have some subject matter expertise. You don't, you were in a specific space than I was in regards to this assassination attempt. Sources are feeding me a lot of information. Turns out that most of it is now come true and days later people report And. they, oh, breaking. It's not breaking. We, our sources told us. But one of the things I'm really concerned about is a report came out today from a source of mine that the media's now picking up that there should have been some law enforcement post on that building. And, they didn't show up. We don't need to get the minutiae here.


I'm asking you as a potential US senator, can you please, is that Russell branding? What's going On? Please, If you get into the United States Senate, make sure that these committees get a hold of the advanced security documents. 'cause they will tell the story about who's lying and who wasn't. That's all I want. We don't need any conspiracy theories or the paperwork will tell Kerry that a guy was supposed to be there or not. Can you stay on that? Absolutely. I If there was wrong in doing not just, not just maladministration or somebody messed up, especially if there was some, something worse than that. Yeah. This is, this is a serious problem.


Oh my god, Life were like literally life or Death. We, they almost took out our president and we came so close. If not for God, if not for a miracle, I believe that he would be gone right now, Oh, no question. And to think we're just gonna, oh, we'll we, we will get through, you know, And, they asks, making fun of us for talking about divine intervention. They really think this appeals to sane You know independence and middle class Americans poking fun at us for saying, what other explanation is there for three shots from That's an easy shot, Carrie. An easy I've I've taken that shot with a handgun at Secret Service Training. That is an easy shot. They're making fun of us. Speaker Johnson was talking about it before. They think this is hilarious. Look at these idiots with their God and all this other stuff.


They really think this appeals to independence. Well, I feel sorry for them. I really do. I, I shameful. I believe purely that it was God. I've always thought God has had his hand on President Trump. And I believe that God spared him because we need him right now. And I'll, I'll, I'll, I've never let the left shame me into, into being No, you've never been known. Be timid. I've known you a long time. And timid is you think. Last question. I know you gotta run, By the way, I don't have expertise in the secret service like you do. I recognize that you don't have the President speaking across from a building. Exactly. It's not complicated with the rooftop. I mean, it's Unsecure. Yeah. It's, my wife said the same thing. She's like, You know Dan. I'm a web database developer.


Shouldn't they have that covered? The answer is yes, of course. I, I really want the president to be safe the next, I want him to be safe forever. But I'm really worried that this is not gonna be the last attempt. You're Just about Donald Trump. Everyone can he, can you do 'em inside? I don't want any more risk because we need him so badly and we need to protect him. This conversation. And I felt that everybody behind him, I was looking at the pictures of the people and I've been to so many, many rallies. They're the most uplifting. Wonderful. You leave just feeling energized and ready to take on the world and, and solve the problems. Especially here. This RNC is insane. The energy's incredible. I feel that everybody there would've jumped in front of a bullet forum. Oh, I would jump in front of a bullet forum because you show Them their first reaction was to flip off the shooter. Last question for you. I, voter integrity is a big deal with you and me, but it should be for every American.


Why it isn't is, is is frankly bizarre. Are you comfortable if you get elected US senator from Arizona, we're talking to Kerry Lake, that the Republican agenda on the senate side is going to prioritize voter integrity. I'm, I'm watching my chat right now. These people are really, really furious about the voting systems in the United States and the lack of Securities. I don't know that there's anybody more furious than me. I've, I've lived It. The save act, all Of the stuff, the save act is incredible. I think President Trump's right, the, you know, we don't have the majority in the Senate, so it got stuck. Schumer's, of course, he's not gonna push that. We need to attach that to every spending bill force these people to care about our election integrity. My opponent, Ruben Gallaga, voted to let non-citizens illegals vote.


Oh yeah. They love it In this next election. Oh, they love this. They can't win with their disastrous policies. They know it. They can't win unless they, that's why we went from election day to election week to election month. Now election season, they count for two weeks. I heard wanna Clean up, say on stage the RNC, the other, just yesterday, I forget who it was. Early voting starts in a, a little over 60 days. And I'm thinking to myself that that is unbelievable. Do I mean the, the the, can we, can we just have a national election day? Everybody gets the day off. Show up at your id. This isn't hard, man. I mean, none of this is, we're the United States of America. You're telling me we can't do this. And the people want it. Even even the Democrats, again, get back to the polling that we've seen.


Even Democrats believe their elections are fraudulent. I mean, 81 million votes for Joe Biden. Come on. Yeah. I, I don't think any sound safe person. I, I, I just to answer that question, I vow to you and to your listeners and to American people, I appreciate that, that that'll be a huge priority for me. I wanna see, I wanna see our elections get back for my own children. You, yeah. We don't want, we don't want an unlevel playing field. I don't want it to where o okay, now we've got Republicans and now the Republicans are gonna get the advantage in our elections. See, elections should be fair. Yeah. That should never even come up. Yeah, absolutely. Kari Lake, such an honor to talk to you. Thank you So much, much, so much for coming on. Thanks for, appreciate all you do. Make sure you check our out folks online on X or web. What's your website by the way? Get it up There. Kari lake.com.


K-A-R-I-L-A-K e.com. If you can go, you can go there. Find out where I stand on the issues. If you can make a donation, great. We're living in the Biden economy. If you can't, I totally understand. I Appreciate you saying that. You know what, they appreciate that too. Too many of these people come on here And. they ask for money and they're not sensitive to that. you know, It was very nice of you to say, you know what I, what I do want, I appreciate that. I want your prayers if you live in Arizona, I want your vote. Amen. I want your prayers. Those mean the most to me. And I do feel those. I feel that. Thanks Carrie. We appreciate you coming out. Hope we'll be calling you Senator soon. Yes. I'll never call you Kerry again if you win. Even if you ask me To. I thought that would be great. All right. Thank you man. Appreciate it. I hope you really enjoying this show. Gonna take a quick break here. Sponsors keep the show free. We really appreciate your patience. Thank you so much. You're gonna enjoy the rest of these interviews as well.


Hey, bone charge folks. It's a holistic wellness brand with a big range of evidence-based products I use to help optimize your life. You know I'm into Life Hacks. I love the bone charge. Red light face mask. I'm gonna tell you some. Paula uses it. I use it. I actually use it on the road. The red light face mask. I've actually wrapped it around my knee and the pain of my knee went away. I'm telling you that. Listen, it's a fact that happened. But notice in some You know you get these facial things, you get older. And since Bone Charge sent me the red light face mask, Paula and I love it. See noticeable differences in my face with skin And. you know what? Red light therapy look it up. It is unbelievable for all kinds of different maladies you may have. It can also help with occasional minor, minor symptoms associated with fine lines. Eczema, migraine, scar tissue, and so much more. It takes just 10, 20 minutes a day. It's so easy to use. Just turn it on. You can use it while watching tv. It's really lightweight, easy to travel with too and it doesn't get hot. Plus it comes with a one year warranty. Bone charge also has other amazing products. I use low blue light bulbs. Blue light glasses I put on every night. EMF protection products, infrared sauna blankets, love that. And a hundred percent blackout sleep masks and bone charge products are H-S-A-F-S-A eligible giving you tax free savings of up to 40%. Go to bone charge.com/bonino and Use coupon code bonino for to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E bone charge.com/bonino. Use code BONINO to save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


And our last sponsor today is lean. Couple people here have commented, have they knock you like man, you're in pretty good shape. Well thank you. I appreciate that. I work hard. I also take lean. Everybody's talking about these weight loss injections 'cause the results are so dramatic, right? They work by helping a lower blood sugar and reduce appetite. But what if you need to lose weight but you don't have the money and you don't like weekly shots? Well, there's a solution. Brickhouse Nutrition Doctors create a supplement called Lean, LEAN and the results are remarkable. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean is not for the diet with only a few pounds to lose. The doctors at Precast Nutrition created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. So let's get started with 15% off and free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan today. Visit take lean.com and enter Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code Dan one five at take LEA n.com. Take lean.com. Take lean.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease and it's not a substitute or alternative care from your healthcare provider.


Now back to the show. That's, well I got a special guest. Come on over here. We got the great Rachel Compost. Duffy Tucker says he used to work with her somewhere. I don't know, I don't know. I worked with her. Don says she's my favorite. She's the one person I watch best. She's the best. We love Rachel. She's Rachel the best. Welcome to the show. So I'm gonna get your thoughts on this too. You know she is the bravest, actually he has got Kane's bigger than us. Very impressed. so we love Rachel. But I'm gonna ask you all this, I'll start with you Tucker and then let you go. I really appreciate you doing this by the way, are of your, My nephew sitting right there. This everyone is the Bonino studio. Listen man, is this your nephew Here? That's my nephew Charles Carlson right there. Nice To meet you brother. Handsome kids. Very Sweets are good looking people. Better At all of us. Maybe not Don Don.


So obviously the, the polls, I mean You know polls would ever give it, but the polls are trending in a really bad direction for Biden. So I'll start with you Tucker. There's been an October surprise every midterm in election since 2016. Any idea about what it could be this time around I mean? it could be anything from Donald Trump's handing Ukraine to Trump because he's him and Don Jr. Working on a real estate project and be like, really? When did that, I mean, any idea what that could be? I have no idea. All I know is, and I didn't know this till this morning, that actually it was Aran that tried to kill Trump the other day. Yeah, amazing. It Was Iran. Yeah. He Looked, he looked irr. It was, isn't it incredible by the way, how that leaked? I think it was the Iranian that, how that Leaked You know, I have felt for many years that the real threat to me was wrong.


They're always calling me racist and flooding my country with illegal aliens. They're pumping fentanyl and yeah. What's the October surprise? Of course it's war. Probably war with Iran. but I still don't think, and I'm totally opposed to that actually. And I'm not pro Iran, but I Iran is irrelevant to the country that I live in, which is collapsing in a lot of ways that have nothing to do with Iran. So don't tell me Iran is the biggest problem. Okay? Or Putin is the biggest problem. That's not true. I live here. That's not true. Those may be problems or whatever You know. You can worry about that. But those are not the pressing problems. And anyone who tells you they are the pressing problems is a liar. Yeah. A BI still don't think they can cheat Biden in because it's just so obviously false. No one will ever believe in democracy again.


Biden is non-comp menace. He appears to have Parkinson's or some neurological disorder, but that's obvious. It's not even debated anymore. And Trump just got shot in the face and stood up, like pushed off the secret service to stand with blood streaming at his face and said fight. That's the leader, that's the comatose patient. Right? There's no way you can do that. Right? It's not just in America, but to the world. Not one person on the entire planet. Billions of people will believe that. So I don't think they can do it. Yeah. Rachel, I actually want to give this over to Don because I actually have a question related to that. And then I wanna ask, if you don't mind, Tucker, something you Can do whatever you want. You're, you're the great Rachel, just Kevin, just take So Don Don, what else can they do?


I mean that's Question. I mean, well think they tried impeachment didn't work then they tried You know taking his businesses away. Then they find him half a billion dollars for paying back bank loans with interest on time. That was bank that Do more Business. Yeah, the banks are literally, the bank is on the stand. They Were witnesses there For him. I'm like, no, we wanna do more business with Trump. Like, it was like we got other business with like, we, we'd love to do more. Like, they're like, no, no, no, you are a victim. I mean, everything's a victim. You know. Then when that doesn't work, they try to throw 'em in jail. They've been trying to do that for quite some time. They tried to do the same to me because You know, apparently I was an agent of Russia. Had no idea. but it yeah, you, you, you, you are Well we're Putin stooges. 'cause we, we we're willing to say that this is bullshit, but it is, it was the natural progression.


Right. I mean it like you you said it, we all got called conspiracy theorists. But like, I I wasn't at all surprised and the, the rhetoric didn't stop. I I I don't know if you saw the clip yesterday when I went on You know, I, I went to the floor. My brother and I are going over there to on the show. Oh yeah. Okay. So like it, it was in like I'm there. We're there to historic moment You Been childhood separations on your dad. Yeah. Even though the Lopez, Obama, he cake. I go, I go, you mean the Obama cake? And this guy goes nuts. I'm like, he could, it's either he was too stupid to actually know. Yes possible. Yes. We want you by the way, I'm so unimpressed with so many of these people. Don't Alice, you can assure you stupid Russia. But I was like, and I was like, but to, to our point of like where we are as a nation. I was like, oh my God.


Like they couldn't even wait 48 hours. Like my dad was shot in the face. Like honestly, like if, if I wasn't sort of part of that movement, I was just a, a citizen and someone spoke to me like that in that period of time that hosti like it, it usually it would end up in a fist fight. Right? Like that's, that's where I'm not allowed to do that be, but like you Would've won. Oh that, yeah. Listen, I'm not getting in fights. I'm not gonna win that, that one would've been over very fast. They would suit you And. they would've suit me. Whatever it Attorney in jail. Exactly. No, but, but like, like, oh my God. They, the narrative, the talking points because they, they have to at least pull back on calling my father a Nazi for like, You know another 36 hours. They'll be back at it because they all, what are they gonna do?


They can't campaign on the economy. They're not gonna campaign on jobs. I know Joe, Joe Biden's the greatest job. Let people go back to work. Like who's gonna Allow him to be a victim? Allow as if he wanted to be shot in the face. Hey bro, bro, send that round. I'm gonna Duck a little bit. Yeah, send, send it again. You miss me. I wanna be a little, it's, these people are insane But Tucker's right Don, that no one's gonna believe it if he doesn't win. If your dad doesn't win. And so then what do they do? Yes, exactly. I think it's really exactly fascinating question. And only I think I Don don't think they care. They're just happen to hold that power. Like, like I said, that's why I was saying earlier, like there used to be a Democrat party that would at least at, even if I disagree, they at least cared that people believed in democracy for them. Like democracy is like they're ha ha ha those stupid peasants.


They believe in what we're saying. Like it's a soundbite for them. It means nothing to them. I mean they, they, they call every, everyone that they don't like is a fascist. But they're the ones locking up their political opponents. They're the ones, you know, fining them. They're the ones censoring speech. They're the ones working with the You know big tech industry to do the same dressed in all black beating people on the street. But you're a fascist. I mean, no, exactly. I mean, you know, I know there's grandmothers that walked inside the velvet ropes on January 6th, like holding You know cell phones. They didn't even know they weren't even supposed to be there. Like they, they did jail time. But if you burn down the city of Portland, it's like, well that's different. That's for social justice. And the vice president can come out and bail you out and raise money for you.


It's, it, it's so insane. I so I I I hope that people get it. But like if you, if you don't, can you ever win again? Like as they sort of continue to rig that system and just fill government with more bureaucrats that are gonna get entrenched and just do the damage that they're doing. I, I don't know. It's, it, I don't wanna be dystopian about it. 'cause I mean, I think honestly this week is about hope because I think people realize that we do have a chance, but we are not in a fair fight. You know you gotta beat the margin of fraud. Like I I kind say like to win by two you gotta win by six. Yeah. Too Big to rig Tucker. Do you, you think we can overcome the margin of fraud? I do. I do. I I don't, I don't think Trump will lose. I You know I, I'm a terrible predictor of things.


I can do big trends, but fine motor skills are, are beyond my ability. but I think in this case, it's just impossible to believe it. And also, can I just be honest for the last, you know, whatever it's been eight years, it's been kind of Trump alone against every power center in the world. And that's no longer true. That's changing really. Elon Musk, within 10 minutes of Trump being shot endorsed Trump, richest man in the world, followed by You know one of the former, your former guest who was sitting right here, David Sacks, Andreessen Horowitz You know biggest venture capital firm in the world. There's, we're gonna send money. I mean it's like all of a sudden it's okay for people who have an awful lot to lose, to be on Trump's side.


It's hard to overstate how powerful that is. Yeah. It's like all of a sudden the stigma of supporting Trump. The only reason they've gotten this far in persecuting Trump is because normal people are not allowed just to object to it. Yeah. People, people have been made to be afraid. That's Falling. It's falling away. Totally Falling away. People have been made to be afraid. Right. There was a consequence to being a vocal Trump supporter. There was a con, once you had enough people stand up, it became easy for everyone else. And once, once you had had that critical mass That's right. It became impossible for them to go after. Exactly. And it's almost, it's a quarterly to when Trump gets shot in the face and stands up anyway. It gives everybody heart. It makes everybody courageous watching the leader be courageous. When Elon Musk stands up, when David Sachs's a huge deal in the tech world stands up.


But Andreesen Horowitz huge deal in the tech world. The biggest deal in the tech world, when they stand up, everyone else is like, You know what? I'm brave now too. And I think that's how movements start. That's how things change. And I think it's too far along to stop it. It's not just people who are afraid of losing their job or putting a sign in front of their house because You know they have a small business and they're afraid they'll be persecuted. Right after that moment happened, I got a text from a very nice lady in my church and she said, I'm so upset. I'm so sad, I'm praying. And she said, I'm done being quiet. Yes. And there were a lot of people that just out of politeness because that's how so many conservatives are. I'm not one of those people, but there's a lot of people like that. And I thought that was so to me that was one of the most interesting texts.


I'm done being quiet. Amen. And she's a You know an an older, you know, very classy lady. And she just said, I'm done, I'm done caring about what other people's feelings are, are they don't give a damn about our feelings. And so that's where she's at right now. Yeah. The The tiktoks I'm seeing these, the Gen Z is actually actually where we're making the biggest grant. Yes. Because they realize like they have no future. Yeah. You know they'll never own a home. How old is Gen Z? It's that, you know, I guess You know the 18 to 25 Whatever that I meet any liberals. I never meet any liberals in that. It's, it's hard to believe actually. 'cause that's sort of women they've been indoctrinated from as from childhood. They've been You know they've from kindergarten on, their teachers are pushing 'em.


They've been corrupted by that. They're they're pushed that way by Hollywood. They're pushed that way by. And yet they're like, well tinker. You might have friendly with, with the knelt guys. They're not overly political at all, but they are definitely not what you take for 18 year Olds. No. And I've got a lot of kids and a lot of nieces and nephews. I've got one sitting right there and I, I mean maybe the people who wind up at my house are like self-selected. Maybe they are, but No, but I'm serious. They're all kind of pretty normal from normal families. I never mean anybody who's like You know trans rights are the most important thing. I see like 22-year-old girls being like the training thing's driving me crazy actually it's too insulting to women. Or like they're just sort of sick of it doesn't mean the right wingers, doesn't mean they're gonna vote Republican, but they're absolutely sick of the pointless silliness of liberalism.


'cause it's, it's zero sum. It's a freaking cul-de-sac. It doesn't go anywhere. So I had another great guest lined up for you right now. Congressman Jim Jordan. But Russell brand over there stole my guest and he had to go to the bathroom. Russell, he fleed him cold stole, he stole my guest. Yeah. Until Jim Jordan comes in. Yes. Sit down Russell Bran now because Russell stole my guest. Now you're gonna be my guest on radio. So this is Russell Bran, one of the funniest guys you will ever meet. But a guy who really has been blowing up on Rumble because you've got a podcast there and you've been speaking some truth over there Russell. So you, you fleed my guest, which was okay 'cause I love you.


I thank you very much for forgiving me. Jim is currently in the bathroom where, where you and I met, well He's literally in the bathroom where we did meet and he walked in and what did I say to you in the bathroom? You said, I appreciate you keeping that distance and, and you've got very good bathroom at. And you said, as long as you don't ask to look at my watch, that's while We're in this position. That is exactly what happened. He, well you Russell understands urinal courtesy better than anyone else. There's like 20 of these things lined up. He goes to the exact end hugging the wall. I'm like, very good job Russell. but I had you on my podcast earlier. Your show is blowing up. How can people find you on Rumble? 'cause I'm gonna be on your show later in the week. I'm really very much looking forward to, to speaking with you there.


We're on Central time at the moment. I'm on at 11, I'm at nine on nine o'clock on Eastern time. I, what I really enjoy about being on Rumble is sharing an audience with you because you've developed something quite extraordinary here. I think sort of still there are people that are un yet as yet unaware of the kind of phenomena that you have co cultivated and the Ian people in a way that is reminiscent. I went on Joe, Joe Rogan's podcast maybe in the first 500 of them. And I remember sort of the sense of, ah, media is migrating in this direction and I think that you are similarly capturing an audience for your own one Authenticity honor, man. Thank you my friend. Thank You so much. Now that my guest is back who you Jim. I've been filling in through it.


I dunno anything about hearing committees? Why don't you take Fauci to task? Tell us about, So we go only on the Dan Bongino. Show. Thank you Russell. You're the best. Do we go from Russell brand to my good friend? That is great. That is great. I said listen, you gotta fill in a poor guy asked to run to the bathroom. What are we gonna do? Congressman Jim Jordan. Too much. Too much coffee. Not enough food to this day. And I haven't worked out yet. Oh Man. I gotta run. I worked out last night though. Really nice. Jim tell you're working out. Thank you. You're my brother. So listen, question for you. Yeah. I mean obviously this was a really disgusting, gross moment in American history. We wish we could forget. We almost lost our good friend and an ally to the Republican party, our nominee President Trump this weekend.


Yeah. I asked Marjorie Taylor Greene before she was on the show. You are a, a senior member of Congress right now. A very powerful man running powerful committees. Is this gonna this is serious. This isn't about Yeah. A tax cut, which I got. It is serious stuff. But this is literally life or death. I'm really hoping, congressman, this doesn't degenerate into three minute speeches about how great people weren. Good point. We have to ask serious questions. Are you confident that this is gonna happen? No one wants filibustering during this hearing. Yeah, I hope so. I I really do. And we had a, we had a briefing from ranking member Nadler and myself and some of our staff had a briefing from some of the FBI yesterday. And look, I think there's a health healthy skepticism Is is the FBI really gonna Yeah, I get it.


Really investigate. I mean, I mean I know you shared that, but there's some fundamental questions and I, I gotta tell you, thank you for Well thank you for all the good work you do. but I, I watched your interview on Fox where you laid out things, concerns. 'cause you're an expert in this area. I'm not, but everything you said made just so much sense to me. The fundamental question I have is there's a finite number of buildings in that area, right. That had to be secured. It's not a huge number is it? Right. 2, 3, 4. It wasn't Times Square. No, it was, there's there's, there's a relatively small number and we know one of 'em that needed to be secured was 'cause we had the good snipers, the counter snipers who actually took out the bad guy. Were on one of them. So was it three buildings?


Was it two other buildings? Whatever that number is. The question is why weren't they secured? That to me is sort of the fundamental question. Then I want, I I want to hopefully at some point our committee gets to talk to the, the local officer who had this brief encounter with the, with the bad guy. I, I'd love to talk to the secret service agent who took the shot and took out the bad guy. I mean, those are all questions and, and concerns in areas I think we need answers to. So let's hope the FBI does it, but I'm a little concerned 'cause this is the same FBI that still hasn't told us Who planted the pipe bombs on January 6th. Same FB Exactly. Same. Same, same administration. Can't tell us who leaked the Dobbs opinion.


Same administration and can't tell us who put cocaine at the White House. Well, well, congressman, it, it, it, it's You know the cocaine at the White House thing? We have the text from the Secret Service on January 6th that mysteriously disappeared claiming there was a tech swap on January 6th. I mean, listen, I I don't say things I can't back up. It's irresponsible. And frankly, you wind up people lose faith in you. But these are legitimate questions. Yeah. What do you mean you don't have the text? So I get it. I have a skepticism of the FBII honestly, candidly hope they prove me wrong. But really as a member of Congress, I hope Congress proves me wrong. I you're one of my friends, you're one of the good guys. But listen, the Republican party You know, not everybody's intentions are pure. We can't screw around with this.


Yeah. The first question I want asked again, no filibustering, this isn't the time for this partisan stuff. Go to my website. Donate. You are, we're all gonna vote. We get it. Why was Donald Trump on the stage? Yeah. They saw this surreptitious fur of acting. Yeah, that's the other key question. Acting guy 26 minutes before he walked on stage, delay his speech. Five minutes. Yeah. Find the guy. Yeah. I mean, and it's common sense, right? It sure is to total common sense. So yeah, I think why weren't they secured? I wanna talk to that b both the guy, the, the bad guy, the, the cop who encountered the bad guy. I wanna talk to that. And your, your question there, once you saw that there was something that didn't make sense, get him, get the, get the president off the stage.


Yeah. And go, go figure it out. So I think all that makes all that makes so much sense. And those are the kind of things that we're gonna, we're gonna try to get the, we have Director Ray in next week. I don't know how much he'll know by that point, but I told him on the call, I told the individuals on the call yesterday from the FBI, we had the deputy director. I said, You know Director Ray needs to be answered, be able to answer as many questions as he possibly can in front of our committee next week. I mean, congressman, we're talking to Congressman Jim Jordan. People are losing faith in institutions left and right. Yeah. The leadership of our military, not You know, not the frontline guys putting their lives on the line, but the leadership of our military You know our FBI, our Secret Service Now and the, the Republic.


It's a system of kind of trust and confidence, which is ironically the secret services motto, worthy of trust and confidence once that collapses, anarchies soon to follow. So when you, when people ask simple questions like, like this, so I have a a, a first degree contact, not a second one. I'm someone who is right there. Yeah. Who has told me repeatedly, they've asked the Secret Service for an enhanced security footprint around President Trump. I know who it is that that person needs to speak up. They were rebuffed. So Alejandro Mayorkas is lying. He is 100% lying. But what I find more disturbing is he came out, I played the cut before in the show and said, we're not lying. We gave them everything they wanted.


I would almost rather you be lying 'cause you're telling me you gave them everything they wanted and you still almost got 'em killed. Yeah. There was no drone there, And. they still, this still happened last Saturday. Yeah, good point. Well, I don't know that many people have a whole, whole lot of faith in things. Secretary Mayorkas says terrible, you know, he's the same guy told us the Borderer was secure. But yet to your point, this is serious, serious business. And if those guys who jumped on the stage and protected the president when it happened, if they're saying, Hey, we need more, and it wasn't given to them, and you have an eyewitness who says it wasn't, that is, that is wrong. That is just dead wrong. I think what my orcas is doing, one thing about my orcas devious a malicious guy.


I don't trust him as far as I can throw him, but he's very good at wordsmithing. Christopher Ray does the same thing. It Seems like they all are. What? They, they, they, that's their thing. They're, they're politicians. They're not necessarily acting in that role. And what he's gonna do is he's gonna play with the timeline. He's gonna say, well, they weren't asked at about this specific event on this date, but there's been constant requests from people close to President Trump for more security. Now here's I I, again, an issue I I I asked Marjorie about, you'd have probably even better insight on, we have a bloated, fat grotesque, overspending government that spends $6 trillion a year while taking in four. Are we seriously going to say to the world right now?


'cause Myorca in the Secret Service said this is the best we had. We gave him the best technology. Really? Yeah. I found a drone on Amazon for 39 99. Yeah. We can't put a drone out there to see this guy on the roof. No kidding. We have a $6 trillion budget. No kidding. No, it, it, none of this makes sense. you know, like the fact that the video I've seen where they're, they're supporters there of the You know attendees at the rally who were saying, there's the guy there. I saw a report today where it says, it was almost, I think about 90 seconds later, before the first, before the first shot was taken. What happened in those 90 seconds? We need a a a, a TikTok of that.


What happened there? So yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't get it. Particularly when you're thinking about someone like President Trump, where so well known former president leading in all the polls. It's like really And. they and his team asked for more people and you didn't provide him. I don't, I don't understand. You're gonna have to subpoena everyone. Congressman, I I wanna get your, obviously your take on JD Vance and the same, but we'll close it out on this You know a lot of my listeners, they speak to me. I relay a lot of that information. You, you guys have constituents. If they have concerns, I'm gonna tell you what they are. That's your job. you know, and it's my job as a radio host and a and and a conservative to listen to them. They're really tired of the shenanigans. And I think we can all agree this isn't one of those moments, again, this isn't about a tax cut.


Yeah. It's not about a school choice bill. Those are great and important things. I, I've, I've dedicated my life to, if this is allowed to continue, we will lose the president or soon to be president or President. Now we don't want any of this political violence. Please, in this hearing, keep these guys, get, coordinate the questions. No filibustering, no campaign, website know. Yeah. We try to, we try to, we, we, I mean we actually try to do that. We we're one committee and look, we have good members in our committee. We try to sequence how they do it. We try to say, where are you gonna go Tell a story. Yeah, Yeah. Set it up question by question. Yep. you know, sequence of events, multiple failures. Why is there a different PT test for men and women?


The job's the same. President Trump weighs a certain amount and he's this height. Yeah. Why are there different pt? Can you just explain it to me? Right. No, when the women are on duty, he gets lighter. Oh, he does? How does that work? I don't understand. You know. You can have different PT standards for an engineer who does a different job in an assembly line. Yeah. It's literally the same job. It's just not a, this isn't a male female thing. If there's a female who can meet the P PT Sanders, fantastic. But why are you and I at 50 plus in the gym working out? I'm not into secret service no more. Right. But telling me you can't get fit people around the president. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You sort of saw some of that when, when they, when they swarmed the president, I think.


I think there's gonna be lots of questions for Director Ray and then, and then chairman comer's got the secretary herself. You know our director Cheadle coming in as well. He's, he's working on that in the oversight committee. That'll be important hearing as well. Yeah. She should resign, in my opinion immediately. JD Vance. I think it was a great pick. I, I agree. I mean, you You know that state kind of Well, I heard, I heard a rumor you may be from there. Right. And I think he's a great pick. I think the golden rule of VP picks, I'd love to get your take on this. His first do no harm. JD does very little harm. I mean, the Democrats will pick some nonsense out, but he brings a lot of positives. Young, energetic Yeah. A bulldog, but contrasting styles with President Trump and speaks the language of the working class man.


Yeah. I mean, wrote a bestselling book about it. Your thoughts. No, he's the, he's, he's, he's the American dream. A kid from the humblest of homes is now, I think, gonna be our next, the next vice president of the greatest country in history. That, that happens in America. That's the American story. And And, you know, there's also this, this just a simple, simple old line that You know it never hurts to have smart people in charge. Right, right. President Trump is one. You've been around him. He is one sharp guy. Oh yeah. One sharp guy. He'll surprise You With stuff. He is one sharp guy. A memory. That's unbelievable. JD Vance, he's a smart guy. I love, I mean, watch him on, watch him on Meet the Press a week and a half ago. The Sunday Quick on his feet too.


Oh my goodness. Never gets caught. So good. So good. He does his homework In, in a matter of fact way, just, just presents the argument that is so compelling. No, he's a great pick. We had that pick yesterday afternoon. Then you saw President Trump walk out last night at 10 o'clock. The energy in the arena after what President Trump had been through on Saturday. Just, just amazing. I tell everyone all the time, Congressman Pol political campaigns are snapshots and soundbites. That's it. No one's reading the white papers. Yeah. And that picture of him with his fist raised unbelievable. It's gonna go down in American history, is one of the most iconic photos you've ever Seen. It's an American, it's an, it, it, what he did is American Americans, I, I say this all the time when I talking about the president.


I said, president Trump hates to lose. And that is a good quality. The best that is an American quality. Americans aren't wimpy, sissy losers. Americans are Americans. And he displayed that, that winning attitude that has characterized this country for 200 plus years. He did it in those few seconds with his fist pumping, saying the word fight. It was, Oh, you're a fighter too. You know, I can tell you got those cauliflower ears folks. You ever see those run? I don't care what they do to, if he throw two, if I said it to your son, if you Seth guy throws ice at you in a bar, walk up and thank him. If he's got cauli hilarious, buy him a beer. But run away as soon as you get congressman and I gotta run Congressman Jim Jordan. I always enjoy. God bless you sir. Thanks for coming on.