
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, welcome back for this Friday show. We got a special best of the last week in election coverage, including some of the Trump appointments. you know, some of 'em we like, some of 'em. I think we're gonna have to be open to some of 'em. We all, you know, have an opinion on we may not like. That's all right too. There's nothing wrong with that. You're not gonna agree with every single person, every single idea. But as I said earlier in the week, I think it's really critical that we stay open to the idea that he has his reasons he was burned. President Trump, that is last time by a lot of really awful appointments who were recommended to him by other people.


I am absolutely certain this time that regardless of who recommends who he, he made the final decision this time and he has his reasons. And a good thing about President Trump is he is not hesitant at all to fire and get rid of people if he doesn't like them. So we're gonna see, as always, the Dan Bonino rule applies. Gauge this whole thing like a spreadsheet. If they're a positive and a plus one, great. They're a negative one. We get rid of him. There are zero, we get rid of him. Two, and move on to, we can find a plus one. Don't miss today's show. You're gonna love it.


Beams Cyber sales here at Bonino. Listeners enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino using Code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's Biggest sale of the year.


Thanks again for joining us on this Friday. We appreciate it folks.


Helix has an amazing offer from my listeners and Paul And. I moved into the new house. The Helix mattress was the first thing we unpacked. We worked hard, we play hard. We were long days, we were really exhausted during this whole election cycle. It was really critical to wake up with a good night's sleep. It all starts with an amazing mattress suited to your needs. Anytime you can personalize a product to fit your specific needs, you know the company puts the customer first and just a few minutes, the Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for you so you get the perfect match from the position you sleep in to your body type for your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. And just for my listeners, they're offering 25% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. If you purchase any or Elite mattress, you'll get free a free bedding bundle with it. That includes two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. Can't beat that. Go with Helix, H-E-L-I-X, the website, Helix sleep.com/dan to start your match today. That's Helix sleep.com/dan.


All right fellas, let's get this producer pick show started. Rick From Fox Harris came Harris campaign no longer speaking to media. Let's go. Wow. And in the greatest Sign of all, Wait the headline's, two years old. That's actually a good point. Two months old. So Jim said breaking news, the Kamala Harris campaign is no longer talking to the media. And Ben's brought up a good point that headlines from three and a half years ago where Kamala has never spoken to the media ever. Folks, listen, I'm just gonna tell you tonight, if this thing keeps going the direction it's going now outside of some drastic, drastic seismic punctuated equilibrium type moment where species are getting wiped out, this thing is gonna be a really good night.


And I. I I, I go to sleep tonight feeling really good. I think you're gonna wake up tomorrow. And I. See, very few scenarios by which, you know, we're gonna be able to, we we're not, we're not I don Dunno, any other way to say it. This, I just don't want to get ahead of myself, but this thing really just looks absolutely incredible. There's this book, okay called, I think it's called The Plum Book, and it is a list of about couple thousand two, maybe 3000 jobs that fall under the executive branch that the president and his people are gonna appoint. Okay? The president's not gonna be involved with all 3000 picks.


He's gonna have the big headliner jobs like you saw yesterday, E-P-A-D-H-S, sex State Cabinet, probably the deputies underneath them, obviously Attorney General and that stuff. But they're not gonna get involved in like I mean, not not, but like the Bureau of Indian Affairs. I think that's an important job for them, but it's not gonna be something probably President Trump's gonna personally be involved in, but there's a lot of appointments he's gotta make. Now, I I I've, I I'm just being straight with you here. I I know a lot of good and decent people. They told me they're going through a very methodical process with this thing. Here's the problem they have. There is not a single appointment they're gonna make, I promise. Where you are gonna agree with that person a hundred percent of the time, it's just not gonna happen.


It's not, this is And. I'm not gonna comment on the Christie Nome pic yet because I haven't seen it on true social, so I'm gonna follow my pattern. The Rubio Pick seems, seems like that's pretty much a, a FTA accompli at this point for Secretary of State. You have Lee Elden, we'll get to that later at EPA. Here's the issue. The last time Trump chose a Team Arrivals approach, this team arrivals approach was meant to bring into the tent people who generally disagreed with Trump and ran against him with the thought that it would mute the resistance to his agenda. Does that make sense?


Gee, stop me if this is getting boring that he just figured he's gonna be a lot of people out there don't like me, who were never Trump in 2016. You might as well bring him in the tent and then they'll become Team Trump loyalists. That didn't happen. They got inside the tent and they did what Double Barrel left you, man. They just gave him the double barrel and screwed him over the Rex Tillerson's and others. They, they, they shafted his entire, basically his, his entire presidency and it took him three and a half years for, you know, to, to get their sea legs. Luckily they got a lot of stuff done. I shouldn't say three and a half years. They got a lot of stuff done, but it was the team arrivals approach didn't work this time. What I'm hearing is they're not gonna agree on policy with every single appoint.


They're not, but they at least initially trust these people to be loyalists to the Trump agenda. If not I. don wanna say the the Trump agenda and that they came out there and they put before they put their political butts on the line a little bit. That's what I think is going on. So there's gonna be a lot of circular firing squad stuff where somebody wants someone and they don't get picked and then boom, everybody, here's my suggestion. Give it a little bit. Trump has had no problem firing. People trust his judgment on this just for a bit. I know his people are doing their homework. None of these picks are by accident.


There's a reason it's happening. I'm just asking you, especially with the Rubio Pick and others. Listen, Marco Rubio, And I have had some agreements and some disagreements on issues. He's my one of my senators down here from the state of Florida. Just give it some time. There's a reason they made these picks. They're not by accident. Do you get what I'm saying? Just kind of. I, a lot of times, like in the past we thought we had really good people, bill Barr and others, and they let us down Jeff Sessions and others and they let us down this time he's doing it for a reason. We talked about personnel for a second there. Let's talk about anti personnel getting rid of some people because folks, if there's not mass firings on day one, day two through day 100, then this thing has all been for n the Hits just keep on coming.


And I wanna address something too. Some of a a tactical disagreement. I have a listener yesterday who's like Dan, they're doing it all wrong. They're announcing all the people that are gonna fire and all the things they're gonna do. This is a big mistake. We should sneak up on 'em. Funny with the, the ninja stars like ninja style karate Man. I would do karate man, but my right knee is like blown out. I slipped in the sauna yesterday. I know things keep breaking. I'm getting old, but I'm gonna address why you're, you're wrong. I love that you commented, but you're wrong. But this person's gotta go NBC news. FBI Director Christopher Ray is preparing for a possible forced exit under Trump. Exit Under Trump. Hallelujah. Please see, you wouldn't wanna be a I this guy has got to go folks.


I said to you, the second Donald Trump swears in I Donald J. Trump, he should just whip out a flip phone from his pocket, a star tack from the nineties that still works. Call up Christopher Ray and say you're fired in that Donald Trump only way this guy has got to go. I I can make a strong case to you that he has been as incompetent and potentially corrupt. An FBI director as Jim Comey. And believe me, that's saying a lot. This guy is awful. This is by Ken Delan. It's by Ken Delan, which of course you know is a, you know, a fusion. Ken Delan, was that a Kenan article? Really? Oh Fores.


Some people have asked me who I would like to see in charge of the FBI. I'm always hesitant to throw names out there, but I Cash Patel I think would be great. I think would be a great addition. Listen, Devin Nunes who led the Spygate investigation would be really good. Ratcliffe would be pretty good. Again, folks, I understand as I throw these names out there, I'm listening to you guys in the chat, you guys matter to me. I'm here. So who's in West Coast 360 Cash Patel. Listen, I love you guys in the chat, but I don't. I just wanna be clear like this is not a monarchy. If you don't agree with me, say Dan, say screw that guy. F that guy and here's why that's fine. Like that's cool.


There's just so many people to pick. There's not gonna be unanimity on every single pick is all I was getting at. I'm sorry if I was even a little long-winded at the beginning of the show. Now let me get to one of my listeners. Someone reached out via Facebook yesterday and said, Dan, the strategy of announcing all this stuff that Trump is gonna do by video is a huge mistake because the left can prepare. I'm here to tell you with absolute certainty, certainty and I, I'm not absolutely certain about much, but I'm certain about this. You are a hundred percent wrong. And I can tell you because this is not an ex post facto analysis I've said to you before in advance for years that that's wrong. The one the left already knows what Trump is gonna do.


People in government who are getting pink slips, notifications your job, they're already leaking to the media. So let me be clear, And I would like your feedback in the chat here. But let me just be clear on this. People in the media, number one already know what Trump is gonna do. In fact, people all over the government are leaking. I'll give you an example. Someone leaked out the Rubio pick before Trump even got to announce it. That's why I'm not so sure the known pick is even real. It was leaked. People already know. Second, what did I tell you about a year, two year, three years ago? Over and over again, the way you handle the first a hundred days is you do remember Rock em sock robots.


You guys ever play that game? Where kids, am I aging myself a little bit? Now everybody's on video games, but back then they had actual games like you'd have to hit little leavers and stuff. Remember to rock em, sock em robots and they beat the crap out of each other. Me and my brothers loved that game. And if you could hit it really fast that rock em socking robot, you beat the hell outta the other robot. That's how you do it. You gotta just keep throwing punches you send out. The minute they're worried about Trump breaking up the international censorship regime, you send out a video about breaking up the DEI regime on universities. The minute they get upset about that, you send out Stephen Miller's gonna be a deputy chief of staff. They start crying about that. You announce Tom Holman and then Rubio.


The minute they're upset about that you, you announced that you're gonna break up the Department of Education. This is the way you do it. Because if you noticed that they're so busy in fighting, they don't know what to focus on, they were losing their shit over Tom Holman being appointed Border Czar and basically you haven't heard anything about it in the last 12 hours because they're focused on everything else. This you do it openly, you do it in their face, you go rock em sock and robots style. Here's what I mean. Here's Donald Trump releasing another video yesterday. Watch every second of this. This is good about breaking up our communist university accreditors in the DEI regime. This is super important. The accreditors are what make these universities these factories for communism and socialism.


Check this out. Tuition costs at colleges and universities have been exploding and I mean absolutely exploding. While academics have been obsessed with indoctrinating America's youth, the time has come to reclaim our once great educational institutions from the radical left. And we will do that. Our secret weapon will be the college accreditation system. It's called accreditation for a reason. The accreditors are supposed to ensure that schools are not ripping off students and taxpayers, but they have failed totally. When I return to the White House, I will fire the radical left accreditors that have allowed our colleges to become dominated by Marxists maniacs and lunatics.


We will then accept applications for new accreditors who will impose real standards on colleges once again and once and for all these standards will include defending the American tradition and western civilization, protecting free speech, eliminating wasteful administrative positions that drive up costs. Incredibly removing all Marxist diversity, equity and inclusion bureaucrats, offering options for accelerated and low cost degrees, providing meaningful job placement and career services and implementing college entrance and exit exams to prove that students are actually learning and getting their money's worth.


So to the gentleman who reached out to me at Facebook, I love you. This is not a monarchy. I can't say that enough. This is a family. We don't have to agree, but I have to be firm here in telling you, you are definitely wrong. Do you see how this approach works better when you hit 'em? Rock em, sock em. Robot style. Think about this. I've been in the media business a long time. We have bonino.com, Avita writes there, Matt writes there, we've got articles there still. They have one column, they'll pretty much write a day. It's the exact same thing at the Washington Post and the New York Times. If you have one column and you're an anti-Trump lunatic, like a Jennifer Rubin, what do you write about?


Right? What do you write about that day? Tom Holman. It's a Nazi I mean Stephen Miller's a fascist. I mean they're gonna break up the university. I mean they're gonna break up the department. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to do. They were still busy focused on Trump breaking up the censorship regime. They, they're worried about him firing the FBA guy. They don't know what to write about. Trust your boy. Have I led you astray on anything? Trust your boy D bots. Trust your boy. I told you JD was the pick. Some of you didn't believe me, he was the pick told you to vote early, we'd kicked their ass. They weren't prepared for it.


We've gone, what did we do on the radio show? We focused on the Senate 'cause it mattered. We're up 53 seats. Your boy is not gonna lead you astray into the wilderness. Okay? This is the only way because now Jennifer Rubin's writing a piece right now, I'm probably not doing it in pen, but I used to. I didn't even learn to type till I was like in Secret Service School I to have to write everything down. It's true. I was like the, you know the hunt and Peck guy. Jennifer Rubin right now is like, oh my gosh, they're going to fire accreditors. We will not be able to institute communism and universities. We're gonna lose our ideological power over the, over the young Lings.


The young Lings. As she's writing this article, she's watching this video. Here's the same video at the end. She's like, wait, wait, wait. Now she's gotta scratch the whole column out and say, holy shit, there was something even worse than this video. Trump is gonna break up the Department of Education. I hair's folks, hair is getting pulled out in chunks, ran hold chunks like hold. You're gonna have a like a big donut around your head. Chunks are being pulled out right now here. Watch this same video. And one other thing I'll be doing very early in the administration is closing up the Department of Education in Washington DC and sending all education and education work and needs back to the states. We want them to run the education of our children because they'll do a much better job of it.


You can't do worse. We spend more money per pupil by three times than any other nation. And yet we're absolutely at the bottom. We're one of the worst. You see, you see man, you see what I'm telling you? They don't know what to write about. They're still busy writing about Kamala Harris sucks. Joe Biden should have got out sooner. Republicans are racist, Nazi misogynist, anti-immigrant. They're still busy writing out. They're not even done with those. They don't know what to do. Please, seriously, I don was joking. But please trust me.


I promise you I have no dog in this fight. I swear to you as my loyal listeners, I love you guys. I have no dog in this fight. I'm not looking for a job. I'm not looking for pack donations. I don't want your money. I don't want anything. I have no dog in the fight other than you and my credibility. This is the only way to do this. And by the way, these things are so fast and furious. I gotta tell you, I've had a tough time triaging the show about what to put in the show because Trump has launched so many nuclear bombs against the left and the deep state. I can't even fit it all in the show. This thing about university accreditors is a big deal. Those are, you have to be accredited to get federal money.


When the accreditors tell colleges, Hey basically do comm stuff. That's why we've got communist universities. You break that cartel, you've got a whole new education system and the Department of Education has been nothing more than an outlet, bureaucratic outlet for the teacher's unions that have screwed over kids forever. This is huge stuff. Hope you're enjoying these producer picks from the week. It's the best election wrap up. You're gonna see,


hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take on your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. Beams dream powder. They sent me something to try a long time ago. It was a total game changer for me. And I sleep seem was sleeping well, was sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throw that way other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of rei Magnesium, altheine, Apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. There's never been a better time to finally try Dream Shop their cyber sale and get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. You've been hearing me rave about dream all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off


Avengers Assemble. Let's just rock and roll through these things. Donald Trump sending out some bombshell announcements last night. As I said to you, if I don't hear it from Donald Trump, it didn't happen. This came out from his official office last night. The great Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami two guys I really like. We'll be leading Doge. I love the Doge thing. If you guys are crypto people, you know what that is. But here it stands for the Department of Government Efficiency. This set the liberals into a tizzy standby as they used to say in the police academy in New York and the mustard deck share. I will get to the media response to that in a second.


I just wanna get to a few more appointments. First, I just wanna make one quick point on this. This is probably not gonna be some formal government department with any leg legislative powers obviously at states in the Congress. However, it's gonna be an advisory board. And let me tell you something, Elon Musk, Vivek and Donald Trump have a really big microphone. So if the Department of Government efficiency recommends a bunch of things and a bunch of swampy Republicans are like, screw that, we ain't doing that stuff, then good. You're gonna have to deal with a massive PR machine running against you. So. I would take what these people do really seriously. They're two serious businessmen. They know what they're talking about. This could be one of the most important announcements yet, even though they're not formal cabinet positions.


Okay this, forget it. Set the internet on fire. Long story short, last night, I'm trying to escape the politics just a little bit. I was a little tired yesterday at the end of the radio show. Had a long week. Boo-hoo. Who gives a shit? Who cares? But I'm home. I'm sitting upstairs. We got this little like down room, I hang out, it's super dark in air. I'm ready to go visit Lily White's party. Who's Lily White? don Don't know. My mother used to say that when I was a kid and she wanted me to go to sleep. So I'm like And. I got, I pop on Laura Ingram's show and she's got a guest on the guy's like mid-sentence. Usually they didn't let them finish the sentence, right? Gee used to do the Fox show with me.


You let him finish the sentence and you go Hold on Breaking news mid-sentence. She cuts him right off and she's like breaking news folks. I had no idea it was Pete Hegseth. I know I said I do it. Invert. But put, throw that one up if you would. Gee, Pete Hegseth is now gonna be nominated to be the Secretary of Defense. If you wanna sound cool about it. Like say Sec Def whatever, secretary of Defense, Pete Heg, sec def. Pete Heg. Ecef. Dang, that's pretty good GA folks. I've known Pete a long time. I've really long time like in Danon, Gino's life. I've only been alive 50 years in a few weeks.


I've known Pete for about one fifth of it. Pete is an amazing guy. I wanna tell you, I 100% support this. Pete is a door kicker. Pete understands what needs to be done. Pete understands the tactical component. He understands the foreign policy component. He understands the PR component. He's selling America and he, he's selling the military to new recruits as well. He is absolutely committed to ripping wokeness outta the military. Wrote a whole book about it. I probably recommend you pick it up. He's a good man and a decent man. I support him a hundred percent. And what do I always tell you guys? Michael And. I didn't talk about this yesterday. Always gauge the effectiveness of a pick or a political tactic by what the response of your political opponents and folks diapers were being changed everywhere.


People were crapping all over the place in their diapers. They all had to be cleaned up by mama. It was a total mess yesterday on the left. They don't know what to do. And just so you know, 'cause I'm never going to fake it or anything. Dan did you know I had absolutely no idea. None. Matter of fact, I talked to Rachel often. I mean her daughter Avita works here. I mean her son-in-Law's writes in right there. Rachel and Sean are very close friends of mine. I don't wanna speak for them, but I'm reasonably confident they didn't know either. I was talking to Rachel probably a few hours before that happened. I was actually talking to a producer at Fox. Who knows Pete well from Fox and friends about Pete going somewhere she didn't know either.


So they had a close hold on this one also yesterday. John ratcliffe it, I think a fantastic, fantastic pick. I got some video of him coming up in a second at CIA. I have one request from hopefully soon to be CIA director John Radcliffe. I hope that appointment comes really quick and really fast. Or confirmation I should say. We've gotta open all the books. All the books on Spygate folks, I promise you that full story has not been told The angle you should ask about first And I know director Radcliffe. If he's a confirmed, we'll get on this. What were we doing with UK Intelligence to spy to spy on American political candidates in 2016?


And afterwards you tell that story, it's gonna shake up the deep state forever. That's the story that needs to be told. People have been feeding me information about that for a long time. And you know you're watching me. I got that whistleblower who reached out. I get it. I don't care. Watch me all you want doesn't matter. Do I look like I care? I don't care one bit. You watch whatever you want. Folks, the media lost it yesterday. Gauge the effectiveness by how the left wing media responds if they don't care about a pick. Do you notice they were very muted about Elis Stefanik and others. 'cause they don't see any political hay to be made about it.


If they're melting down, they know they've got a serious problem. The Doge, the Department of Government efficiency led by Elon and Vivek. Do you understand this could break up the entire liberal governing model. The liberal governing model is this. Don't go to work. Sit on your ass, put your ass in the seat. Do nothing. Right. Collect money from the government and wealthy taxpayers. That's it. That's the liberal governing model. If liberals don't have their government funded NGOs and everything else, they don't have jobs and lives. They're realizing now they may have to actually go to work and produce shit and they're freaking out because Elon's gonna be in charge. Here is Joy Reed and this clown show of a congressman David Jolly, who once pretended to be a tea party guy.


This guy is an absolute fraud and a total life loser with no human dignity at all. Ripping apart the Department of Government efficiency with Elon that has even started yet because they don't want efficiency. They wanna grift like losers. Check this out. Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami. Great. We're gonna get to hear his voice again forever, many years, until he gets fired, they're gonna lead something called the Department of Government Efficiency. They're supposed to now be in charge of cutting the budget, which is normally the job of the House of Representative. You served in the house. Doesn't the house have to be involved some way in creating a new government agency? Or can Trump just whip one up on Twitter? Ex Twitter?


No joy. Joy. That's right. I think Donald Trump's just handing out candy right now to his, to his friends and family. Congress is required to establish federal departments to, to define the jurisdiction, to decide how it's appointed. Presidents can, can certainly appoint AIDS and and non congressional positions, but there will not be a Department of Government efficiency without Congress. Which actually raises the question. Does Congress now just rubber stamp that? Yes. In one of its next appropriations Bill? Yes. And here's what it's gonna be. This is your project 2025 Department. Yes, the Department of Government Efficiency by Ramis Swami and Elon. That's your project 2025 department. Correct. Without the the bad impressions that heritage created during the campaign trail. David Jolly, that guy you heard next who ran as a fake Republican is a life loser.


Like I'm one one of the worst guys to ever enter the Congress at any point. An absolute zero with not a shred of human dignity whatsoever. Do you hear him at the end? This is Project 2025. Project 2025 was a heritage think tank product that is put out every single year by conservative think tanks. Elon Musk and Vivek have absolutely nothing to do with it at all. So why would David Jolly say it? Because David Jolly is a loser. He is a life loser. He lies for a living. He lies on a show that loves lying. It's why nobody watches that crap network. And it's why their ratings have absolutely collapsed because people are tired of people like David Jolly lying personally.


Folks, project 2025, look at it. It has some great ideas in it. Am I gonna agree with all of them? No. Are you know it's a think tank product. They had nothing to do with it. That's what these people do. Gage the reaction by how successful Gage is success. If you think by the reaction they freak out, tells me, double down on Vivek and Elon and to the swampy Republicans out there. If they find these efficiencies, you better think twice before you even get the idea of voting this stuff down. Now John Radcliffe at CIA folks, I think this is probably so far, maybe his second most important pick Secretary of Defense, I think is number one.


We don't have a defense department and a military. We don't have a freaking country Daddy. O you don't have anything. If it wasn't for our door kickers, if it wasn't for our warriors, our Marines, our Navy, air Force Army, our folks in the Coast Guard, our people in the National Guard. If it wasn't for these people, you wouldn't have a country man. You'd have an idea. We would've been conquered a long time ago for all of our resources and we'd all be s speaking German or Russian or Japanese after World War ii. However, CIA director is gonna be an in Portsmouth. We have got to clean the deep state out. And the CIA under John Brennan and others under Burns and under hasell have been a total absolute disaster at the leadership spot.


They have let Russia and other countries walk all over us while they focused on spying on Donald Trump. And that bullshit's gonna stop Ratcliffe. Why do you like Ratcliffe? You ask me in the chat. Dan, why do you like Ratcliffe? I'll give you guys an answer in the chat 'cause that's what you're there for to keep me in check back it up. Show some receipts folks. I wrote three don Don't know I'm, who cares. A few books on the whole Spygate disaster. They were very well researched products. I had help with it. It wasn't just me. I, I we, I wrote three books on this and I'm telling you, there were only about five, maybe 10 members of Congress that were fully on board with getting to the bottom of this scandal.


Ratcliffe was one of them. Ratcliffe was knee deep in this thing from day one trying to figure it out. Here he is absolutely eviscerating deep state. FBI Goon Peter Stroke who led the whole spying operation into Donald Trump when stroke insists like, oh, he's not partisan or anything like that. I mean he didn't send any of this stuff out or anything like that. Watch him just destroy this guy. He knows where the bodies are buried. Ratcliffe, check this out. Approximately 50,000 text messages that I've seen with your personal beliefs like F Trump Stop Trump imp Impeaches Trump. Go ahead and confirm on the record that none of that occurred on an official FBI device or on official FBI time.


Go ahead and do that, Sir. No, they did. Many of them did. Oh, They did. And, I stay 50,000 sir. So, So really no, I'll give you chance at the end. So what you really meant to say was that when you said you never crossed that bright inviolable line, what you meant to say was, except for 50,000 times, except for hundreds of times a day where I went back and forth expressing my personal opinions about effing Trump and stopping Trump and impeaching Trump on official FBI phones on official FBI time. Other than that, you never crossed that line. I'm sure there are 13,000 FBI agents out there that are beaming with pride at how clearly you've drawn that line.


Agent Strucker. You're starting to understand why some folks out there don't believe a word. You say, Folks, this is the Avengers Dream team, think of this now. Right? And I'll address, I promise this. I get it. I'm not ignoring that. I just imagine at a table you have some national security crisis. We hope doesn't happen, but they do wars, terror attacks. Sadly, tragically, they do happen. Okay, imagine at that table you have Donald Trump, you have JD Vance, his national security team, right? You have an FBI director. I'm, I'm hoping it's Cash Patel.


Let's keep our fingers crossed for cash. You've got John Ratcliffe who shouldn't have any problem getting confirmed to ccia director. You've got Pete Hegseth, SecDef, you've got potentially say as Attorney General and a Bailey who is awesome, a fantastic warrior. You got Andrew Bailey. This could be an a just a magic dream team. Some of you say, well, wouldn't you wanna see that table folks? don, don't ask for things. I told you that I'm not a deal cutter, okay? I'm just a servant in this whole operation for you guys and for the cause. I don't mean that to be like obsequious or anything like that.


I just, it's true. So let me address one more. you know what, let me just get to Pete first because Pete's super important. Pete Hegg, Seth is a good man. Pete And, I have been very close for a long time. I love Pete. Pete, the only thing I'm worried about now is are you gonna make it to my 50th birthday party? This was gonna be the greatest, greatest party ever. And everybody keeps getting appointed to positions. My guest list is dropping off dramatically if you can't make it. This is a, this is really, this was on my mind. I'm like, Pete, are we gonna lose Pete now? He's more important to the country. If you can't make it, I understand it's gonna be a good party. Don't miss it. That is gonna be some morning, morning, a Monday morning update.


Here is the great Scott Jennings on CNNA guy I am really starting to like, who absolutely tore it up on the network. Yesterday when they started melting down about Pete, he said, he's like, yeah, yeah, I got unqualified. Like what's he gonna do? Like let a spy balloon come into the country, evacuate Afghanistan and get our members killed and lose the country hurly and give up Biden. Oh, that already happened. That already, that already happened. Check this out. We won't have confidence in the current leadership of the Pentagon and the way the defense sit situation's been operating for the last several years. I mean from the Afghanistan pullout, which was a extreme debacle for which no one was held accountable. We've had spy balloons flying over the United States. We built a $300 million pier as a public relations stunt, which wound up killing an American service member.


I'd say I've had just about enough of the, so-called insiders running the defense department. I think we ought to give Pete Hicks up the chance because he's got you asked about, he's got insiders. I, I'm all the criticism of him is that he's not the expected Washington pick. And I'm just saying to you that the American people just voted against the expected Washington pick. So, I. He's got 20 years in service. Afghanistan, Iraq, two bronze stars. Princeton, Harvard. Yeah, he's on tv, but so are the rest of us. And I By the way. And I gave, I think, I think he offered that. Listen, You just gave is really interesting because you highlighted a bunch of things that the civilian leadership of the country decided on in the military. Their job was just to execute.


They, they executed. How did it go? I'm just saying, I'm, how did it go in terms of Jennings? Great question. How did it go? Don't tell me what you thought was gonna happen. Tell me what happened. Reminds me of Rocky three. Don't tell me what you think. Just tell me what happened. Your judgment sucks so bad. You got people killed. You got people killed. Maybe we need a bit of an outsider here who has some inside experience but isn't a company man. He's a freedom and liberty man. I'll take that.


All right, let me take a quick break and I'll address some stuff that popped up about, about, about your boy here, Danny. Boom. Bots. Okay. I, it was a busy day last night. My phone was blowing up last night. I mean really blowing up. I had to put it on do not disturb because even I need to sleep sometimes. And it was crazy. So I heard yesterday on, I'm sitting home on, on on X and I'm, I'm reading through the news doing some show prep. So my phone starts blowing up and friends of mine are congratulating me and I. I honestly was worried about, I was, something happened. I thought like the podcast has been great.


And I and they, they cited some tweet that was going around X that I had been picked or was under consideration for secret service director folks. Not, I have not had any conversations formally about that position. I've, I'm not asking for anything. When you start asking for stuff and, and, and folks, I'm sorry I'm stumbling over my words 'cause I'm not comfortable talking about myself. Can you guys just gimme a little leeway? 'cause I really, I know I sound like an asshole right now. I do. I'm usually clearer and more precise and I'm stumbling all over 'cause I'm so uncomfortable with the topic of the show being me. I mean it. I love this president like a lot.


President, president-elect soon to be president again. My problem with DC for a long time and that whole bureaucracy and is, whenever you start asking for something, it corrupts you. And I. Don't ask for anything. I don't want anything. I've called him maybe five or six times over the last four or five years and it's always been about ideological things I thought were great for the movement. And I thought my input would matter. I don't bug him about stuff. I don't bug his people about stuff. So I'm a little uncomfortable addressing it because if the president calls you and asks you something, you obviously have to take it seriously.


You do. If you love your country and your president calls you and asks you something, you have to take it seriously. But I'm telling you right now, whatever you're hearing about rumors are just rumors, okay? I'm not, no one, no one has called me formally about anything. Alright? Enough said. 'cause I'm not, I'm screwing this thing up 'cause I don't like talking about myself. but I, just leave it at, there're just rumors now and I know you guys really love the show. And I love doing the show. I love it. I, the president matters to me a lot. And the Secret Service is a position that's, you don't keep this guy alive. You're not gonna have gonna have a president. Okay?


This is probably the worst explanation I've ever done. Any segment. I'm really sorry. I just don't talk about myself. Well it's okay. Okay. Thank you. Alright, moving on. I just wanna congratulate one more guy to Dan Scavino. Folks is gonna be deputy chief of staff. I'm telling you Dan s Scavino, what did I say this morning? Justin? I am not like hip with the young kid lingo, but I see online all the time. That dude's an absolute g and I'm like, that must be a good thing. Like the og, OG original guy. So Dan s Scavino is a GI love him. He's gonna be deputy chief of staff, the nicest guy in the Trump orbit. A guy who has been with me and a friend to me day one.


We love you Dan Scavino. Congratulations on being Deputy chief of Staff. You got him. You got Miller, you got Taylor, you got James. He surrounded himself with a great team. Thank thanks for checking out our producer show on this Friday. We love it. We will be back with you live on Monday, but I'm glad you're here. We really appreciate it. We put a lot of work into these shows and my team put a lot of work into this one. So we appreciate it.


The podcast sponsored by today, MD hearing you know MD hearing recently cut their price in half. MD hearing just made their neo rechargeable digital hearing aids only $297 a pair. That's over 90% last than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know it's there. Plus MD hearing just launched the Neo XS MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever. $297 for a pair of hearing aids. This good. That's crazy. MD hearing is sold over 1.9 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with 100% money back guarantee. So you can buy with confidence. You still on the fence about MD hearing? They were just selected to be the hearing aid supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So they're a brand you can trust this holiday season. Get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com, use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value. Just for listeners of the Dan Bongino Show podcast. That's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


And our last sponsor, before we get back to the show, a large retail store just canceled a huge order leaving MyPillow with a ton of extra my pillows. But you know what? That's their loss and your gain. For the first time ever, you get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488. but it gets even better for a limited time. They're gonna offer their entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get queen size my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar more. Get the body pillows for 29 88. I use one at multi-use my pillows for only 9 88. So go to MyPillow dot com, use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 to take advantage of wholesale pricing for the first time ever and receive free shipping on orders over $75. All orders placed between now and December 25th will have a 60 day money back guarantee extended through March 1st, 2025. There are limited quantities at this price, so the limit's gonna be 10. And once they're gone, they're gone. So go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code. Dan once again, that's MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest price ever.


The team is coming together, folks, the best way I've described it, which I heard someone kind of fleece for me last night on cable news, which is okay, which is okay, you can take it. I'd wish you'd give us credit. Well, whatevs, I call 'em the Avengers. The Avengers are back. Okay? This is the team of Avengers. But even with the Avengers, you know you need some guys and the Avengers in there and the team who you know, you need your Hawkeys, right? Your hawkeys and the people who may not be like Captain America, but they get it. They understand what humans are like. Captain America don't understand what humans like. He took the truth, the super seer, now he's superhuman. Okay? You need a hawkey once in a while, right? You need that.


That's why you're getting picks like this. Rubio. Now, you know, Rubio knew a lot about the deep state Spygate thing. We gotta clear that up. But there's a reason Donald Trump picked Rubio. He's not stupid. Folks. Anyone in the chat of any idea? Some of you may object to this. I'm not telling you're gonna, like everyone, Rubio has bonafides with both sides. We've gotta cut deals, folks. Dan, we should be good. We, I'm talking about on the legislative side, we have the slimmest of buffers. Slimmest of buffers when it comes to the house, we lose one rhino and it's gonna be done. Someone gets sick, it's over. They had to pick a couple of people at, you know, let me give you a quick example in case you think I'm crazy.


Democrats and Republicans in the past have typically picked someone from the opposite party for their cabinet. You've got like the John Huntsman for Obama. Huntsman was a Republican. I'm pretty sure Trump's not gonna pick a Democrat. You could argue tulsi, but she's now a Republican. So that's kind of different. Tulsi Hass been going that way for a long time. But there's a reason he picked a Rubio. He doesn't want a Democrat, but he needs a couple of guys in there who have some bipartisan appeal. And please, someone said to me yesterday, I was, I almost lost it on the air. You're getting saw. I'm getting, who the hell opened this show telling you about heads exploding, telling you cutesy time is over. I'm asking you not to trust me. I didn't pick him. I'm not the president.


Don't trust me. Trust him. He knows what he's doing. I promise you, when I know something from the inside, I'll tell you. I know from the horse's mouth, man, he knows exactly what he's doing. And let me tell you something, people are gonna be on a short leash. Do you understand? There's not gonna be any more Rex Tillerson bullshit. People are gonna be on a short leash. He knows he's got two years, he's got four. No, he's got two. He absolutely understands. Please trust me. Have I let you down yet on anything?


Trust me, please trust me. He's got a plan here. And we got Tulsi Gabbard at DNI. I really like that. Pick a lot. Ire. I like tulsi. you know the former Democrat thing? The abortion position bothers me a lot. but it DNI, it's not gonna be about politics. It's gonna be about national and the Intel Swamp. And no one has been a bigger fighter against the swamp and censorship than Tulsi Gabbard. It is what it is. And. I like to pick. You're free to object. I'm not the monarch here. The the thing that's great about this family is this is a family. I'm not the freaking dad, okay? I'm just one of you guys. And of course we have Gates. This is a really strong national security team. Folks, can you ima, if we can get Cash Patel over at FBI, that's my guy.


That's my pick. I'm Donald Trump makes his own picks. He does not need advice from Dan. I love you President Trump. You're my guy. I'm just telling you. I think Cash Patel, can you imagine this dream team here again, you are looking at a national security crisis. You've got Hegseth, you've got Tulsi, you've got Ratcliffe, you've got Cash Patel, you've got the Secret Service Director, the A TF Director. Imagine that little Justice League table. You want them making decisions or you want Lloyd Austin making decisions with his face mask and 72 masks on.


That's who I want. And by the way, congratulations. CNBC finally projected to win the house majority. It was obvious we secured the trifecta. But I'm gonna say to you again, throw that up. Thank you. Thank you. All round of applause for you. Thank you for doing it. Listen, I know a lot of you objected. I know a lot of you objected. And I respect you. A lot of you said, I'm there to vote for Trump. and I tried to explain to you that you gotta pull the lever for these Republicans. Hold your nose. I know they're not the solution to your problems, but the Democrats are the cause of your problems. Are you seeing why? Now, folks, if we did not get Bernie Moreno, John Tester, excuse me, the Tim Sheehy ran against John Tester.


If we did not get Jim Justice, if we did not get Dave McCormick in there, are you seeing now why the Dan Bonino down ballot? Not theory, but fact works. There's no way you'll get a gates or a egg set. There is no way. If you don't have 51, you're not gonna get confirmed at all. And then they can't recess appointment everyone. They can't. It would never fly. Trust this plan man. Trust it. The all the right people are losing their minds. This is what I mean by this. I want you please, you know, get them the, those horse blinkers on right here. Look straight ahead. This is super important. When the people who hate you and have weaponized government to destroy the constitutional republic, Donald Trump and you the MAGA crowd, when the people who hate you are furious about something, they're furious about it for a reason.


Because they know there is a legal reckoning coming. That's why. And Trump, you've gotta trust the plan. Trust, trust. What he's doing now does, Gosh, I don don't wanna fuck This up. Now, does it make sense why he's appointing people in this order? Some people, folks are more mainstream picks. I told you yesterday, please listen to the show and some of you got upset at me. It's fine. It's a family. I'm not the king here. I'm not the dad. I'm just part of the family like anyone else. I'm your uncle who likes some Casa Dragones once in a while, that's it. But your uncle's been around a little bit.


I said to you, you're not gonna like every pick because Trump is gaming this out perfectly. Folks in the chat, do you see what he's doing? Seriously put it in there. I'm reading. He's announcing some picks that are loyalists. He's not putting anyone who's not loyal in there, but you know, may not have been the hardest conservatives or MAGA people in the past, but are loyal to him. And he knows he'll get the job done. Got a Rubio, you gotta know him. A St. Elise Elden. I'm not knocking these people down, I'm just saying he's announcing some of them. He quiets down the temperature on the loop and then boom, boom, the pe who's got the people's elbow? Rock it in the chat.


The people's elbow comes down. The people's elbow. This is what rock em sock robots is. You hit 'em, you hit 'em, you hit him. Then all of a sudden they're like, oh, this doesn't hurt, but it boom. And There it's there. People's elbow man just comes off the top row. Macho man. Savage style. Do you see what he do you think this is, do you think this is being done by accident? Trust your guy. No, not there it is.


There it is in Chad. You guys are rocking it, man. I love you guys. Trust your guy. Who, Dan? No. Yeah, trust me. But Trump knows what he's doing, man. Give this guy some time. So I. Let me just say a couple things. Cutesy time is definitely over. All right? This is what cutesy time is over looks like all the right people are pissed off. And you know I'm giving you an honest take 'cause I've never bullshitted you, don don't agree with Matt Gates on everything. I thought the the speaker plan, you heard me, you heard me on the show. I wish we had an exit plan. A better ramp. I think it worked out. I mean. Listen, we can work on Johnson. There's a lot to improve there.


McCarthy. Who knows I mean? We'll see in a long term if we can get some legislation passed, however, but you gotta, let's be straight. you know, we, we always have, we haven't always seen eye to eye on things. but I'm gonna tell you something. When it came to the Secret Service debacle and keeping President Trump alive, I met with Matt Gaetz up at the Heritage thing when I did that little congressional hearing we did. And there's no one more concerned about keeping Trump safe than this guy. Let me show you a little Matt Gates for all the people freaking out. They're like, oh, he is not gonna get confirmed, eh, standby on that. You sure? Maybe we'll see. But there's a plan. Trust it.


Here's Matt Gaetz versus Christopher Ray. This is one of the finest clips you'll see today. This guy understands that Christopher Ray, who hopefully will be leaving his job, the minute Trump is sworn in, Matt Gaetz gets it. The FBI management has worked as a singular force to destroy liberties and freedoms in the United States. And they better get a guy in there who's willing to see it for what it is. This guy sees it, watch this. I'm sitting here with my father. I will make certain that between the man sitting next to me and every person he knows and my ability to forever hold a grudge that you will regret not following my direction. I am sitting here waiting for the call with my father.


Sounds like a shakedown, doesn't it? Director, I'm not gonna get into commenting On that. Well, you, you, you seem deeply uncurious about it, don't you? Almost suspiciously uncurious. Are you protecting the Bidens Ac? Absolutely not. The FBI Does. Well, you won't answer, not and has no interest in protect on you won't answer the t question about whether or not that's a shakedown. And everybody knows why you won't answer it. Because to ev, to the millions of people who will see this, they know it is. And your inability to acknowledge that is deeply revealing about you. Now, some, apparently some Republican senators are bitching and moaning and griping already. This guy, Andrew the Sidio says, Hey, my phone's blowing up with Republican, a aghast at denomination of gays.


Were they aghast at denomination of Derek Farland? Sometimes known as Merrick Garland? I'm not so sure they didn't sound aghast. They were aghast list with Merrick Gar. But now they're aghast. They're aghast. What do you wanna date 'em? I I, how many times do I gotta tell you this, Michael, if I done said this a thousand times, what is this? A Tinder site? I don't like mac gates, man. I don't like the way it really, what do you wanna, wanna day with him? What do you wanna do? You wanna, you're looking for some after hour activities with him or something? What do you worried about? All I'm worried about is a guy who gets it and is gonna clean up the act over. There's a plus one or a minus one. I see the world transactionally as a spreadsheet. You're gonna fix the government or not.


That's it. Senate Republicans, you better get your asses in line. I'm sorry. We've got a big army of people out there not really happy about what happened in the Senate with the majority leader way race, waiting to see what happens. Now this is Trump's pick. A lot of people wouldn't have jobs if it wasn't for Trump. That's a fact. You got your panties in a wa over this get with the program. Already got what Susan Collins and others. I we're not. Vote. Okay, fine. I promise you Trump has a plan. Senator Susan Collins. Now she opposes me. Of course. Of course she does.


Probably loves Merrick Garland. Probably thinks he's a real hero. by the way, just throwing this out there, when this happened, I shouldn't say this, I'll say, 'cause this is gonna sound like ex post facto me trying to look like a ringer, but screw it. I mean I had a feeling. This is what no one, I swear to you, I, again, I had no idea. but I had a feeling. This is what they were talking about when Trump mentioned that the Madison Square Garden rally, they had a little secret. I wasn't sure it was gonna be ag. I thought maybe FBI director or something. but I had a bit of a feeling when Donald Trump said this play that cut. We Gotta get the senator's elected. 'cause we can take the Senate pretty easily and I think with our little secret, we're gonna do really well with the house.


Right? Our little secret is having a big impact. He And, I have a secret. We'll tell you what it is when the race is over. Ah, whatever. Talking about it after the fact sounds, sounds kind of dopey. but I had a feeling. I, I thought maybe FBI director or something. But now I think it's fairly obvious what the little secret may have been. Folks, all the right people are furious. you know who, who's, I'm, I'm, I'm curious here. Bino, this is a real Paul, because this is the biggest audience in conservative media. Digitally, there's no number two, we got 151,000 people. So there's a big freaking poll of MAGA folks right here.


That's the big house plus another 50,000 Bino. If you're out there, get on the case. Yes, you agree with the pick. Very simple. Why you like the Gates pick? No, you don't. I like to see, some of you may not, I'm just trying to explain to you that when Dan, Bonino tells you cutesy time is over, this is what cutesy time looks like. You want a cutesy time pick you worried about resumes and who's gonna get their lobbyist job and who's, you know, sunning their balls out on a beach in Belize and Ibiza, whatever. That's not this guy. That's not this guy. Moore, some of you, but Moore wasn't one of the technical answers.


But you get two extra points for putting in it. I think we may melt the chat again. Man, you guys are blowing it up. All the right people are pissed. All the right people. I'm not a hypocrite. Matt and I are not the best of Fred. Matt, And, I, I've, I've had probably five, six conversations with him when he needs something about the Secret Service. We talk. I'm not as, we're not coffee buddies. I'm telling you, this is what cutesy time is over looks like. How do I know that folks? Who is the number one deep state reporter mouthpiece for the deep state intel community? Anybody know?


Yes. Ken Delan Fusion. Ken Delan, when Fusion, Ken Delan goes on TV about mac gates and starts melting down again. Folks in the chat, who is he speaking for? The deep state. So if Ken, the lady is saying, oh my gosh, this pick is so terrible. The deep state is freaking out. Measure the success of what you're doing by the response of your enemies. I know that's hard to digest, especially for swampy who are like the National Review crowd. Oh my gosh, we can't have John Bolton, my mustache is burning. We can't have this when they're freaking out.


you know, we did something right. Watch this. Well, Katie, I've gotten two different texts from different people at the Justice Department who just used the word insane to respond and react to this potential appointment. And then also questioning whether Matt Gaetz can be confirmed. And one person asked me to research whether anyone had ever been nominated for the post of Attorney General who had been investigated by the Justice Department. We'll have to look into that. But my initial reading is that I can't think of any time that's ever happened in American history. And not only was Gates investigated and not charged, we should point out in a sex trafficking investigation. But he has been perhaps among the top five most vociferous critics of the FBI and the Justice Department, and not just critics, but accusing them of being corrupt and weaponized and unethical at every single congressional hearing that ever, anytime he's, he's on the Judiciary Committee and anytime Chris Ray, the FBI director or Merrick Garland, attorney General or other lower officials have gone before that committee, you could count on Mag Gaetz taking aim at them in, in some, in very extreme language and accusing them of unethical and corrupt behavior.


Oh my gosh, guys, did you hear that? Michael's like, forget it. Michael's like, I'm totally out on gates. He's like, forget it. I can't do that. He accused the FBI of unethical behavior. Justin says he's out too. Justin's 100. Justin's a Florida cat too. So is Michael. Now Michael's still got a lot of Wisconsin, now we're working. Justin's been a native his whole life. Justin has got like Sunshine State blooding him through and through. You would think he'd be a loyalist. Justin's like, I definitely can't do Mac Gates. He, he's mentioned that the FBI may have been engaged in unethical behavior and fusion. Ken says it, Justin's like, I'm sold. I'm pulling my support. He's out. He's totally out. He's like, don don't know man. He's still worried about Star Wars and the Mandalorian. He's only worried about that right now.


Folks. Always a priorities, always gauging by the reaction of your political opponents. I'm gonna tell you something from some pretty good sourcing folks. The head's exploding. It ain't even done yet. You think they're upset about Gates? Oh, you just wait. You just wait. It isn't even close to done. They're still sweating. Pete, Seth, and Ratcliffe. They haven't even, they don't even know what to do about tulsi at DNI.


They have no idea. This is not the Trump dance, although it looks it. It's the Rockham. So Robots Kids, hope you enjoyed this producer pick show. As I said, folks, there's gonna be a lot of appointments that are coming in the next few weeks. As I keep telling you, there's a limited pool of people you can take. You have to have experience and loyalty. You can't have 'em in critical swing seats in critical swing states where we may lose seats. So there's a lot that goes into it. President Trump's really good about hiring and firing. He has his reasons. This time. Just be patient. I promise you, if they don't work out, this show's gonna be the first one to call it out. you know, we're always on your side and the only person we care about is the president and the agenda.


Everything else is secondary. So we appreciate your patience with everything and thanks for picking this show. We deeply appreciate it. We'll be back with you here, live on Monday at 11:00 AM and please give us a follow.


Go to rumble.com/bonino on your computer, your desktop, your tablet, or if you download the Rumble app, it's free. We'd really appreciate it. Download that app. You'll get a notification when the show goes live at 11:00 AM every day. See you back here on Monday.


You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.