
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Dan Bongino Show special primetime RNC Evening Edition. I keep saying I'm gonna bring you the best guest to the point where it's really sounding lame right now, but they are the best guess. I don't know what else to say today. I got two friends of mine. One is a member of a group he doesn't even know. He is a part of Mike and Mike. He has no idea. He thought he was a solo act. The great Mike Davis, probably the best law fair analysis out there. Another guy's been a long time friend of mine. I mean, this guy is just an all around utility player for conservatism. Has one of the best conservative pictures you'll ever see face to face with Antifa telling 'em to go fuck themselves, which was really great.


We're gonna get to them in a second, but we got a sponsor today, MyPillow. They're having a $25 extravaganza sale and some of their amazing products. Check out their deals@mypillow.com and make sure you use promo code. Dan Key. Which camera should I look at? Key straightaway, or that one? Which one's best? Am I looking at? That camera straight ahead, above the TV screen. Okay. Above the, oh, above the TV screen. Okay. Sorry guys. Just don't wanna be looking weird if I'm looking at sideways.


So, guys, welcome Jack. Thanks so much. First off, you have a new book out, Jack, what's the title? You were on my show talking about it because You know how to really beat these communists at their tactical games. Well, Look, look, Janet, thanks so much for going on. By the way, I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to distract here. I'm, I'm literally just like you right in the middle of this, getting information from sources as we go. This is one of my White House horses that's coming in talking about the, the current status of Joe Biden and this whole thing. Does he have covid? Yeah, he, they think he's got Covid, but we're not sure how, what else that he might have in addition to not, not just talking the mental stuff, but I'm talking about the fact that there is something physically wrong with him now. And that's serious for a guy his age. Yes. I mean, You know Covid.


It's obviously serious. Yeah, this is, and so they're, they're, they're currently discussing treatments. He's, he's going out, he's on his way. I believe he's still on route to Rehoboth right now. He's gonna self isolate. But the fact of the matter is that he is potentially not in a great way. And it's very interesting that this comes just one day after he, he put out there in this BET interview. Yes. That should a medical condition arise, I would consider resigning less than 24 hours. Dan, suddenly there's a diagnosis. It's all out. So anyway, you, you asked the question about the book, but I'm just, I had to get that in because this is real time happening information. Exactly Like me, folks. It's On. And I'm the worst salesman. I'm the sales. I tell him, I, Jack, I know You bring a copy of your book.


He's like, nah, I didn't do it. I said, brother, you're like me. I didn't bring it. We really suck. Just tell Him the title. It's a good book. So the title, the title is Unhuman, the Secret History of Communist Revolutions and How to Crush Them. And it's specifically like this, it comes down to reciprocity. Are we going to actually fight these guys? Are we gonna use the tactics that they use against us? Are we gonna give them a taste of their own medicine? Mike Davis knows all about this, by the way, but there's this, there's this thread in conservative thinking and the conservative mindset that we just wanna play fair. We just wanna have a debate. We just want to You know marketplace of ideas. You know, You know. Whereas there's, there's other guys who come in and say, You know what? Peter Navarro just walked in and I, he, he was here.


I I got to see him. I got to see him a minute ago. He Just walked outta jail For the first, yeah, I, Four months. so we had an actual political prisoner in here tonight. A legit Political, he Was just here And he's sitting there and I go, and I, I, I didn't give him a hug. I is said, great to see him, man. I mean, and we worked together on war room and human events, and he's, he's a mentor to me. We're both China guys. You know my background and, and it's, it's surreal. It's just surreal. Steve Bannon is currently behind bars and it's so surreal that we have a situation like that going on. And you've got people who say, oh, well, You know. I just, I just want to have a good fair election and do it. No. Yeah, that's all bullshit. No, we should unit unite. We should You know. So no, you can have unity.


You're not people like crazies. These People wanna kill us. You can have unity. Unity comes through victory. And if Joe Biden wants to unite, then number one, release Steve Bannon from jail right now, commute the sentence. It would take you five minutes to do that. But number two, we need to have reciprocity. This will not end until Democrats are in handcuffs and at, I'm not saying all of 'em. I'm not saying all of them, but I have a List. But the, the, the, the kicker, Mike, listen, you are part of Mike and Mike again. I, i, it's my thing. It's that you're like, I'm part of a group. You are Mike Davis, Mike Bens, Bens is great on deep state. You're incredible on Lawfare. I had Rudy Giuliani on the other day right over there on my radio show. But Giuliani obviously decorated history with the Justice Department.


I asked him a simple question. I said, Mr. Mayor, when you were running Southern District in New York, I mean a history office of the cracking up the mob, some of the biggest financial fraud schemes ever broken up. I mean, no one knows this stuff better than you. I said, if someone had walked in and said, Hey, Mr. Mayor, I wanna prosecute Ed Koch, that was a prior Democratic mayor in New York, and it's on a shady kind of bank real estate deal where the bank's gonna testify in favor of Ed Koch. He said to me, he said, Dan, it happened. And no shit, Mike. I said, Mr. Mayor, I was just pitching as hypothetical. He goes, no, no. What happened? Wasn't Ed Koch though? He said, well, Malter Mondale nominated, asked Geraldine Ferrara to be his VP candidate.


Apparently the husband had had some issues. Someone walked in there and said to him, we need to look at the husband. And he said, we're not doing it. We're not gonna interfere in this election. If we look at it, we're gonna look at it after. Unless it's some national security threat or imminent crime, we have to prevent. And he said this kind of stuff would've never happened. Now, Lawfare is like, this is just like standard operating procedure for the left. Yeah. I mean, look, what they've tried to do to President Trump. This is Joe Biden, Merrick Garland, Jack Smith, he's Biden Democrat. Prosecutors, they tried to bankrupt him with the a bullshit case up in New York for the non fraud of paying back sophisticated Wall Street banks in full on time, as agreed with interest.


Big ti James tried to do that. They tried to throw him in prison for the rest of his life for Noncrime. They tried to take him off the ballot. And when that didn't work, they now, president Trump's enemies want to take off his head. Literally, as we just saw last Saturday, these are republic ending tactics by Joe Biden and these, these Biden Democrats. This is how the Roman Republic fell. It was the Lawfare by the Roman insiders against Caesar that caused him to co cross the Rubicon from Gall into Roman. It led to the Civil War in the fall of the Roman Republic. We're not gonna go into a civil war, a hot war, but this is gonna lead to a legal tit for tat between the parties that could destroy our country.


but I 100% agree with what Jack said. We need to bring justice. And part of justice is retribution. Right? And so nobody's above the laws. They say, we need to, yeah, That's airline. Yeah, that's the airline That we need to make sure that we prosecute them for their real crimes. And so they think long and hard before they bring this bogus lawfare and election interference the next Time. Mike, why don't you just get your take. And Jack, I'll come to you on this one. 'cause you just, you put an idea in my head. I had a whole different show lined up for you. I'm already scrapping this show, right? I wrote all these. No, like, what the hell? We're doing it live. We're doing it live. We're doing it live. He's my buddy Bill O'Reilly, if you saw that. He's my girl. He's my boy. You guys know me and Bill, we're like this. You saw it out, but we're all what type?


No, I I wrote in a book, a book. I wrote the fight a long time ago. I, I, I said exactly that, that I don't think, of course anything's possible. And I pray it isn't that there's a cold or hot civil war. Obviously nobody wants that. But there will be a cold civil war in the future if this continues. How far are we away from, say, a Republican Ron DeSantis type governor, you know, saying like, You know what, say something like the Donald Trump thing happens again, And, they put out, they say, You know what? Don't come to Florida. Don't get him. We're not extraditing him. You can do whatever you want in New York. And Donald Trump just says, we're not going. I mean, really? How far away are we from that? Well, thank God the president Trump transforms the Supreme Court to the first constitutionalist majority in 90 years.


Because the Supreme Court really just saved our republic with its decisions on presidential immunity. The Fisher case, they end it essentially end it this Biden Democrat law fair and election interference against President Trump with the presidential immunity case. And the biggest winner of that is Joe Biden, because Joe Biden is going to get thrown out of office on November 5th, 2024. And his old decrepit demanded ass would be a prime target for the Trump 47 Justice Department on January 20th. And now, Jack, I'll go to you. The difference, because you just brought this up too, is kind of a nice ping pong here. The difference with us and them is the Biden's appear to have actually committed crimes. Yes.


Like they had to make this stuff up precisely with Trump. Like we have actual stuff to go after. Yeah. I don't need, so, so when, when, when I got a copy of the Hunter Biden laptop four, four, Almost four years ago, right? In, in October, 2020. The Russian one. Yeah, the Russian one. Yeah, that's the one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm reading for You know, and I'm like, I'm, I'm looking through this and I said, well, wait a minute. This is all the things that they claim that Donald Trump has done. And yet here it is on one laptop. I've got all the files on Burma, I've got all the CEFC from China, I've got all the oligarchs. And then, and, and, and you were federal law. I was Intel. But you were federal law enforcement.


Damn. Have you ever had a case where you had the defendant or the suspect in this case where the suspect was recording himself confessing to the crimes? No. Every night? No, I haven't. Well, on crack, I have not. With and, and say, oh, I'm dealing with the spy chief of China and all this. And I was like, it's all here. So all we have to do is get it out. so we, we think, all right, and we get it to the New York Post and we put it up. They say, wow, I've never had a, a situation like this. I said, this is gonna be the greatest October surprise of all time. And we later found out that it was the greatest October suppression of all time. Truth. You are Intel Guy Though. The truth was all there. Talk to the audience a bit about how deeply corrupted the Intel Swamp has become that 51 absolute morons disgrace.


Their families themselves, their reputations, Jack, they knew that was Hunter's laptop. Stop the bullshit. Well, they knew it was Hunter's laptop. How bad do you have to be for them to instead of To be, and it was, and it what it, what it was, and people need to understand that it, it wasn't them being necessarily wrong. And this is the thing, it's not, they're not wrong. This was an intelligence operation that was run by Brennan that was run by Clapper. He put the word down. And we know this because of the testimony of Mike Morell, because we know that it was Mike Morell who went to Tony Blinken Yeah. At it at the time, serving in the, in the capacity as the senior advisor to Joe Biden on foreign policy.


He was the one who put the word out. He said, we need something to go with this. So let's, let's put this together. Let's put together what Davis is saying with this information. We got the, we got the Unhuman strategy, the playbook that we're talking about in my new book, to say, alright, well that means that that was an unregistered campaign, finance inkind contribution. Clearly. And so when you have an unregistered inkind contribution, well, unfortunately then that's something that potentially can be a felony if you were using it to cover some underlying cost. So that means you need an investigation, and that means you need a prosecution in terms of that. So take the 51, right, and then take Tony Blinken as Secretary of State and launch criminal proceedings against all of them.


But Jack, It's not like they've done that, but Oh, they did Mike, they did up in New York when they pigeon pigeonholed the campaign. That's exactly what they did. I'm sorry, I forgot. Wasn't that the nonsense case up in New York where they pigeonholed that, but it gimme the audience. I played a a, a segment of you the other day on I think real America's voice. You were explaining, and the audience needs to hear this, why Jack Smith, the appointment was clearly unconstitutional, but I think my question and what I got feedback was from the audience afterwards, is if it was so obviously unconstitutional, the appointment wasn't Senate confirmed was not an a USA assistant. United States attorney was not a US attorney at all. As a matter of fact, why did they do it? Was it just arrogance? Were they just so cocky that they thought they would slip on past the goalie I mean it was a clearly unconstitutional appointment.


Why? And why do you think they did it? Well, Remember, the Office of Independent Counsel lapsed after Kin Star's investigation of Clinton Congress let it lapse. And then the Justice Department tried to resurrect it through fiat, through regulation, through the Office of Special Counsel. That's You know this regulation's been on the books for a long time to appoint a special counsel. I think the reason this is just now getting decided because it was Justice Clarence concurring opinion in the presidential immunity case that flagged this. And the reason that he had that concurring opinion is because Joe Biden and Merrick Garland and Jack Smith politicized and weaponized our justice system and took our legal system to the brink by going after President Trump, a former president and likely future president with these made up bogus charges.


And so we're they're deciding this now because we've never, they've never had to decide this in the past. Now it can be resurrected under a different A USA or United States attorney. Correct? Correct. Yeah, correct. I mean it officer If Joe Biden tries to bring these charges against President Trump after, if they wanna refile in the Southern District of Florida, I mean, they're gonna get shut down by the Supreme Court. They, they're charging Trump with, with, with actions that are subject to presidential immunity that's gonna get the, the brag case up in New York, thrown out on a mistrial. And if Judge Maran does not declare a mistrial there in New York on September 18th, the Supreme Court's gonna get that case and and reverse.


Can I ask you about that too? Yeah. Because the, obviously the presidential immunity case, I don't wanna jump around too much. I don't wanna confuse anyone. I'm not a lawyer like you either, but And, you know, I understand the contour of it, given that they've now expanded this from civil and the Nixon precedent to criminal to the criminal realm and official acts, isn't it me, merchant's obligation up in New York to now go back and review this and decide which of those things were immune to prosecution. I mean, how can he just sentence some, given the Supreme Court precedent, He can't. And that's what he, he knows. He, I I think he realizes he has to do that. I I don't know if he will. 'cause the guy's corrupt, his daughter is raising millions of dollars off of this unprecedented criminal trial. So Gimme gimme best and worst case scenario, best case scenario, would it be something like merch on You know finds Jesus, which isn't gonna happen and throws the case out best case scenario and worst case scenario, he has to go through and pick apart every little thing and just says, yes, that was an official act and rolls with it.


Anyway, The, the best case scenario is he would declare a mistrial because bragged, bragged took, used evidence that was subject to presidential immunity. He used evidence of President Trump's conversations with Hope Hicks in the White House, and then Madeline, his operations assistant in the White House. Those are clearly subject to presidential immunity. The Supreme Court just clearly held in the presidential immunity case that not only is the president immune for his official acts criminally immune for his official acts, you can't use evidence that's subject to presidential immunity for any other case. Yeah. And so they used that evidence. And so Brag Bragg used that evidence. That's subject to presidential immunity. Rashan has to declare a mistrial.


If he does not, then the Trump legal team can, they, they can have another court review in New York. And if that court says no, it goes directly to the Supreme Court. Yeah. That's, that's fruit to the poison tree. Yeah. Well, yeah. Similar, I mean, yes, it similar to That. Yeah. It's, it's very similar. It's, it's evidence that they could not have used and And, they, not only did they use it at trial, you can't use it in grand jury proceedings. And so that affects, so it Poisons the Entire cases. All of these cases could, should get tossed out because of the presidential immunity decision. So Jack, it's, it's been, it's been kind of, you know, people misuse the term bittersweet all the time, especially more ons like Joe Biden. I, but this has been bittersweet, obviously extremely bitter. 'cause we almost lost President Trump.


I mean, there's, there's You know, there's nothing about that we should be celebrating. But sweet because he, he, he lived and came out of it with the combative spirit. Jack Smith ca case gets thrown out, the Jack Smith case, or it likely to be tossed. He's gonna pardon himself anyway. Terminally delayed. The debate goes horribly. The follow up interview with Lester Holt and others goes even worse. The Democrats are in disarray down ballot races are starting to shift right now. Everything seems to be going really well. My fear, I'll pull it out. Bird's eye view here and your take on it here, I'm afraid a little apathy may set in. You remember the midterms, right? I do. You heard I was not doing it. I have video evidence.


I told people I don't want to hear shit about a guys, do I take, right? No fucking red wave. I'll kick your ass out here right now. I will, I will physically Attack the next person that says the I. You, you see. So I met, by the way, folks showing you, I'm not a bullshit artist. I meet some P ones outside. I'm like, Hey motherfuckers, you wanna watch the show? Come on in. And they're like, yeah, come on in. So I love these guys. So they're hanging with me And, they know the deal. Like I, dude, I don't wanna hear shit about a red wave. No, we heard that and we got our asses kicked. But now it's like, it's reaching this crescendo where it's almost outta control. I'm hearing people like, we're gonna get take 60 Senate seats and that apathy then kicks in. And that's why we're getting this shitty Republican turnout.


Look, complacency is going to be the biggest challenge going forward because you'll have this sense of inevitability, And, you know, who messes with the sense of inevitability? All of the Democrat machines in cities like the one we're in right now, by the way, like Milwaukee, like Detroit, like Philadelphia, my hometown area, like Chicago, all these places, Phoenix, by the way, all of 'em, they're gonna sit there And, you know what? We're gonna sit there and say, oh, Trump's got the halo effect and Trump Vance, and everyone's gonna put all the motivation behind them. You know what the Democrats are doing. They're bank ballots. They're just banking ballots, bank and ballots. And by the way, those illegal aliens that are coming in across the border, it's not about them voting, it's about having their name on the driver's license rolls so they can use it to generate more ballots.


So once the the ballots are generated, they'll go, those go off and get filled out. This isn't something where like You know they're sitting there, go on vote for Biden. No, come on, it's the ballots generated using the ID of that person. And then it goes off and the ballot gets sent in. This is the biggest threat. And that's why I keep going around everywhere where we go. you know, when you're, especially if you're in a swing state like we are right now, You know we're registering people, we're making sure it's got, I work with Turning Point Action and Charlie Kirk and Tyler and everybody, and it's, look, we, we are, we're, if anything, we're gonna be doing more investment in those swing states because we understand, and I'm from Pennsylvania originally, so I understand that this is the state JD Vance, like, I love you buddy. You're from Ohio. You're moving to Pennsylvania. Right, right, right.


Get an Apartment. 'cause we need you, we need apartment like Western pa. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Need the prevent brothers going to sheets. I think he should Go. Oh, Virginia's on the bubble. Virginia. Virginia's right, totally on the right, on the bubble. He should do three quarters pa a quarter of Virginia. If they win Pennsylvania, Virginia. And then ping pong Maryland, You know Michigan, Wisconsin, Michigan, Wisconsin, Michigan, Wisconsin, Michigan, Wisconsin. I mean, he definitely speaks the language of the work. And man, I wanna get to JD two. But Mike, question for you. So the New York Times back in 2012, these guys probably heard this article a thousand times, right? They're like, all right, you're gonna mention the Adam Liptak article. When Republicans were primarily utilizing absentee and mail-in ballot military and older folks in Florida, the New York Times had a real problem with it. Matter of fact, they wrote a piece error and fraud at issue.


As absentee ballot rises, it's by Adam Liptak. Again, it's the New York Times, not the New York Post And. they indicate clearly the statistics show that the rate of rejection and fraud for mail-in ballots is twice that of in-person voting. Which I mean, common sense guys doesn't surprise anyone because there's, there's no obstacle. Like if you have to go into a voting booth, the same person can't walk into a, a, a clerk five or six times with the same ballot. You were just here a mailbox. You can go as many times as you want. What I find odd about this is, is this just a matter of Soros type prosecutors and a corrupting of the justice system. How is it that the legal system, especially with the Pennsylvania debacle in 2020, the Texas case that got tossed outta the Supreme Court, why are we doing so poorly in court on an issue that should be such a ground ball?


The statistics are clear that this is just ripe with fraud. That's a very good question. I mean, that's, think about what Democrats did in 2020. They used COVID to illegally unconstitutionally change election laws. So they violated the elections clause of the Constitution where state legislatures not Fiats by county clerks and o other, other people like that can change election laws. They mass, mass mailed live ballots out to old voter list, including college campuses where they move 300 times those ballots pile up. And then as Jack says, You know may, maybe they're not filling out those ballots, right. Someone else's. And then they get rid of signature verification because apparently Covid changes your signature.


Yeah. I don't know how, it's kinda weird how that happens. It's a happens, It's a weird thing. It changes your signature and then they get rid of election observers. The evidence gathers and then they say there's no evidence. Well, no shit, you threw out the election observers. Yeah. Right. No, that's why there's no evidence kind Of hard to gather evidence. Yeah. When, when you're thrown out because of covid. Right. It's just, it's so, I I, these Republican legislatures need to get smarter this time and very fast because Well, do you think that's happening though? I mean, give us not fast enough. Give the Audience not fast enough A, a sense of are we at least better off than where we were in 2020? I know Arizona made some changes, Georgia. I know they're not enough. I'm not telling everybody it's perfect. But do you think we're at least in a marginally better spot than we were in 2020?


I do. And I'll tell you why. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna out him. Steve Kenny used to work for me on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and now he's the head, head of litigation at the RNC. And this guy is very smart good. And he is, he's a very effective, and he has been what needs to happen here. Here's what, here's, here's how we ma made a mistake, or we screwed up last time. You have to get injunctions ahead of time on signature verification and election observers on these all mail ballots. If you don't get injunctions ahead of time, then what you, what's gonna happen is, is you, you want a judge after the election to throwout the entire election. Right? Because you're gonna say that there's You know, there's fraud. You have to show overwhelming evidence of fraud for a judge to step in and throw it out after the election.


Right? You have to, you have to get the, the, the injunctions before you separate the live ballots from the secrecy envelopes. Right? And if you don't do that, if you don't get the injunctions ahead of time, that's how you're gonna, that's how the Democrats can steal the election. Right? And so Steve Kenny has been very effective at getting these injunctions in these key battleground states ahead of time. So they, they, so we can That's good to know. I that You know, IIII was not aware of the, of, of, of that end. At least we're fighting back for once. Yeah. I mean we're, we're, we're always gonna get smoked by Mark Elias and the Democrats on this stuff. But we're getting much better. They're Democrat. Look, Republicans need to vote as early as possible.


Bank your votes. I say that all the time. 'cause if you wait till election day, look what they, look what they did in 2020 with BLM and Antifa riots. Right? Wait till we have the Hamas riots in 2024 And. they scare the hell out of little old lady Republicans who think it's their patriotic duty to wait to go vote on election day in person. Look what happened in 2022 with Abe in Arizona, where they, they, they had the, the, in Maricopa County, they, they disen enfranchised voters in Marico County County. I was there, I was, it was, I was there in Maricopa when it happened. I was reporting live, I was with everybody. And we went out to cover it with Kerry Lake and with Dave Hode and, and Blake Masters winner for Senate. And all of a sudden, so, you know, they got rid of the precincts in Arizona. This was the next thing. They have voting centers, at least in Maricopa County.


So there's no, normally it's, you go to your precinct and this is, this is your, the original voter ID by the way, was you would go to the little old lady from your neighborhood and she'd say, Hey Jack, how you doing? Your mom came by earlier on her way to work. I think your dad's coming in later. Good to see you. That was the voter id because you knew the people who were there. Now they've broken it up in, at least in Maricopa County. And that's why they're trying to spread it to everything and don't want them tell you. It's just covid by the way. Because we know that HR one was written in 2019 before they even knew about Covid before. Well, they may have known, but that's a different story. The the issue though, is they switched it over to these voting centers throughout Maricopa. And then with the voting centers, they've got massive amounts of people, thousands of people in some cases, going to these centers.


And then suddenly it's o the machine's not working. So the machine goes down and it's Like the printer doesn't work. And It's like, and it's like the printer. And I'm sitting there, I'm like, and I've got like Mike Del's voice in the back of my head. The machines. The machines. You know. And then they, and then I love this and I love this and I'm a Pennsylvania guy, so I'm like, I'm like with Charlie, I'm with Tyler. And I go, You know guys, I'm a PA guy. I'm not an Arizona guy. Like all you, but, and then they say, well, don't worry, don't worry. Fill out your ballot and then put it in the machine in door three. And I'm sitting there like, door three. What is Door three? How about you count my ballot? And so the point is, the lines got so long that so many people left. They had their votes disenfranchised. Eight a ho aade loses by a handful of votes. They all lose by a handful of votes.


And now you've got a situation where you've got all of these people running throughout, running throughout Arizona who could be indicted, but for not the fact that a ho a day is not there. And, they got And. they got Hobbes as governor. Yeah. Let me, let me transition to this secret service story. You being an Intel guy, this part I, I'll focus on the Intel side rather than the tactical side for now. So the Secret Service has an intel team too. Protective intelligence unit, right? And their whole I, their whole You know ethos, guiding ethos for being is that they're gonna do the pre intelligence work. So if there's a subject that's of interest, unusual interest or a threat case, they'll be at the scene to do a quick interview and deem threat, no threat, or we don't know.


And therefore we'll take precautions, right? So it just emerged that three hours or so before. I'll cover this on the podcast tomorrow, by the way, in detail folks, three hours before, apparently the parents made some calls and said, listen, we've got a problem, the parents. So there's obviously a vested interest in protecting, not outing your son. There's no reason for 'em to say otherwise. We then found out that upwards of an hour in advance, guy passes through the magnetometer with the range farther. Why the hell would you have a range farther? Were you shooting deer? I mean, what the hell was going on there? Then we find out 26 minutes before that, subjects at the scene are saying, Hey, there's a guy on the roof and that looks like a freaking gun in his hand. Like, maybe we should do something about that as an intel guy.


You must have You know read that and been like, this isn't even Intel. This is like my eighth grade daughter would've been like, dad, we got a problem. Here is a dude on the roof with a gun whose parents said he's a troublemaker. I mean, this is insane. So the epic failure I mean it at this point. And, and the fact is they say, oh, do you believe? Then people ask me, do you believe the narrative? Do you believe the narrative? I say, well, what narrative? Because the narrative shifts. It feels like every 10 minutes, right? Every time. 'cause we're here. The thanks Mike, we're here at the rally and we'll see you later, Mike. And, and we're here at the, the convention. And so it's like every time I get off a hit, every time I get off a show, every time I finish something, there's a new narrative. So I'm asking which narrative do I want me to believe? And then I look at it and the time keeps moving back. It keeps shifting back, right?


And so my question is, is what else could this guy have done to make himself known to law enforcement, right? I mean, did he have to walk around with a flag that said sniper look and like a little arrow pointing down to him that said, I am the sniper. I'm going to do this. By the way, here's my range finder. Here's my, and that's the, the range finder. Could You think of another Reason? I know Guys, r the guy would have a rangefinder. I look, I I have guys at rallies. You can't bring a vape into those things, right? You, there's like, oh, 'cause the vape, 'cause it's got a device and it's got a USB And. they Won't, you can't bring a bottle of water. You bottle bottle a freaking Airplane. You gotta take your shoes off unless you're in the clear and the facial recognition, all this, and this guy brings a range finders, oh, I'm just gonna be doing some surveying while I'm in there of the audience.


Please. Yeah. This, this, this stinks. It stinks to high heaven. All the American people know that it stinks. This, this Kim Kimberly Cheadle that she should be at this point. Not just under investigation, not just resignation. I mean, I, I am, we were doing the live show earlier today. People wanna see her behind bars. This is, it's completely insane, by the way, how Can they find your show? The audience show. I'm gonna take a quick break after This show course. It's Human events daily. We're on real America's voice. We've got the podcast up. The book is on humans. And, and we do two to three every day. I've I'm also covering down. They hate you by the way left. Oh, oh My gosh. They're, they're not fans. They can't stand you. They're not, you are in Like every New York Times called is not like, do you, do you frame those suckers?


Like, do you have like a little hall hall Of fame? Honestly, at this point it's, it's gotten so many times that it's, it's, it's like you can't even keep up with it. But there's, there's going to be a, but here's the weirdest thing though. You know what the weird thing is is coming around here at the event, now they're all coming up being nice to me. Now they're all coming up. Hey, we wanna write a feature on you. And oh gosh, we heard you were so instrumental and you've been talking to Bannon And, you know, you're tight with this guy and that guy and oh, I want to be nice and and it's like the buttering up and we were gonna a book about you. And I'm like, aren't you the same guys that like three or four weeks ago or days ago or like this morning are attacking me? Well, you're good for clicks on both sides and it's You know I was good clicks. I wanna Talk about clicks.


Steve Bannon in a second. Lemme take a quick break here. Do


Hey, you've asked in my pillow, listen, they're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now only 1998 MyPillow is made with a patented adjustable fill. It adjusts to your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Wait, pause this ad. Nobody sells more my pillows than Jack po Soc. I just, whoa, Whoa, whoa. So I wasn't gonna say anything. If you can help us a difference. Job Jack is the king. My pillow Oh. No, no. So use my code and we're gonna rock this tonight. It help keeps your neck aligned, it holds it shape all night long. It might be promo codes. Don't have to talk those right Now, the best sleep for your life. But that's not Whoa, whoa, whoa. Get their six piece kitchen Or bath towels cents only $25. The brand new mattress Toppers low as 69 point 98 And. they famous MyPillow Bedsheet for as low as $25 and so much more. So this is the only promo code you need. mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Do not use any other promo code other than Dan to get used Discounts On all MyPillow products. It's the only one folks, including the premium queen size MyPillow. Only 1998. No Wait, wait. That's the lowest. Use them. Do you actually use them? Yeah, of course. Use em. You damn Right used the travel once too. We got 'em used the travel once. Yeah, I got A whole bunch Over there. We got 'em. I'm gonna give you guys a couple MyPillow Travel. We first came in when we first came in and we got 'em. And my wife Tanya, she came in. It wasn't me, it was her because she came in and she got rid of all the pillows in the house. I Think Tanya sells more than you though. She Why would you say that? Why? listen man. What, what do mean by That? Your wife man. She knows what she's doing with them and she sell, she knows that pillow like Crazy. You know what it's, it's, it's, it's it's, look, I'm gonna say it. She's got that blonde haired blue-eyed privilege and she walks up and everyone sees like, I'm out there. I'm like, it's working. I got the sources and I got the analysis and I go, oh, I got this one. I got this in like the middle of the night. And I'm on like signal with Dan. I'm like, are you hearing this? Are you getting there? We're checking all it out. And she just walks up and she's like, LA la la my pillow come and get some Boom. It goes Off. And Mike's been great to a lot of conservative folks. Seriously. I mean, I know it's a spot and all, but You know as well as I do. Oh yeah, look, we got there. Oh, we go, you give some of these to the guys. Here we go. Look At this. Give these to the guys. Look at At this the American Flag one right there. Mike, Jack You. know Mike, when a weather companies bailed on conservative media after January 6th. My Pillow, it was, it was Mike. Oh, he was totally, yeah, Mike was there. Mike was all in and keeps care keeps it free. No One's gotta pay because of the ads. I mean it's no You know. I don't, I don't like, I'm not a big huge paywall guy, you know, so No, no, No. And if, if, if it were not like this, we would have to, but, and I'll say that to have my kids have, we use the travel pillows for my kids. So they sleep with them And, they got the Bible ones. They do like Noah's Ark or the, the Nativity a Christmas story. They'll do that one. Creation stories one. And we use the Topper, we use the sheets, we use all of it. We're total. So it's like people are like, oh, we're just doing. And actually tell you the truth, you most of the time when I do my show, 'cause I'm doing the home studio, I'm in the slippers. Yeah, I'm in, I'm in the home. We're moving outta the home studio soon. So you gotta come see my new studio.


I love we Burger King folks. You ready for the Burger King? They left the Burger King. You guys are coming. All right, so the 'cause I, I just met the P ones over here. I love these guys. So let's get to Bannon. Yeah. So Steve, I, I'd love to tell you that he was our only political prisoner, actually, I'd hate to tell you that, but it'd be great to just have one. He's not. Peter Navarro was here tonight. George Papadopoulos Carter page was at least investigated, almost became a political prisoner. General Flynn came very close. A general Flynn. I mean, a list goes on and on. You're very close with Steve. Oh, actually Pete, I just see Peter's on stage there. Oh, he easy. Oh, look at him. He's up on stage now talking to you. He looks Great. Yeah, he does, by the way. This is why, okay, and I will say this, I'll be a little funny 'cause I know Peter and Peter, we work together on war room and all this.


And I go, I say, I say, they said like, is do you think Peter's okay? And I said, I don't think he is And. they go, what do you mean? I said, well, he came out and I got to see him and he's smiling and I've never seen him smile before. I, he, He's like, when he trading stuff like that, He, he is not temperamentally he's not exactly known for being one of the happiest guys. All right? And I think he's a little Salty, but I think People know that he's a little salty that he's a passionate guy. He's passionate about what he believes in. He's passionate about the country. He's not a fan of the people's Republic in the Chinese Communist Party. He is not a fan even a little bit. And he and I are very simpatico on that. But man, he's smiling. He gave me a hug. I'm like, Peter, what did they do to you in there?


Yeah, you're being all nice. And look the, and it's, and it's, I think it's just amazing, you know, obviously he's very happy to be out. How's Bannon doing Steve, by the way, can you please dispel for, for the, for my p ones in the audience. I get this a lot and it's strange. I don't know how to respond. 'cause candidly, I don't know where it ever came from. I get this often. They're like, Dan, is there some kind of beef with you and Bannon? I'm like, no. Matter of fact, the groundswell group was me, Bannon, and a couple of others who started it. Steve and I have always been friends. I Don I've never, I've never heard anything like That. Thank you. Me. No. Me, I don't. But it folks honestly have no idea what you're talking about. I love Steve. Steve and I go back, gosh, I was doing interviews when Steve was hosting Breitbart and I was a nobody.


I was like a C candidate. Nobody cared about. So there, there's never been any ever beef. Not even like a little bit. But how is he doing? Do I know? You talk to him a lot. I mean, he's got got, so no one wants to go to jail. I mean, this is a real pain in the ass. Yeah. So he's got limited, he's got limited email access. It's through DOJ. You have to be whitelisted through for bureau of prison. So certain number of people are on it. I'm on one of them. And he's not told me a single thing about life on the inside other than, and so he and I both served the Navy. He said, it's like being on a Navy combatant when you're at sea. So, you know, and I can paint the picture, fill in the blanks on that. You're You know surrounded by a bunch of guys.


You don't like, you're all forced to sleep together. Now he, he's got, he's got a community area. but I think, I believe a individual room or maybe one bunk mate, You know. And you're, you're stuck inside. You're on quarters. But other than that one time he mentioned that every single other email and he emails frequently. It's all about the work. It's how's the movement doing? What's going on? What's going on with Joe Biden? What's going on with Donald Trump? Press here, press there. He's asking for Intel. He wants to know what the RNCs like what's my analysis. And then he's firing back. And these are long details. He's got nothing but time right now. Yeah. So I'm getting long and, and I will say this. so we we're not making him public right now because there was a potential that one of the things that they say is if you start making it too public, they're gonna feel like he's doing his show again.


And that potentially they con curtail his access. Okay. And so, so we're keeping 'em private for now, but I'm saving them all. And if he ever wants to do anything with him, that First show out's gonna be huge, man. They're gonna, I, I always joke, I said he is doing show prep. He's doing show prep. Yeah. All for the day. So he gets out, currently scheduled November one elections, November five. So he gets four days. New York Times is interviewing me, And, they say, oh, so he, he, he's only gonna have four days. I said, no, no, no, no, no. Steve Bannon only needs four days. Four days is more than enough. Yeah. Four days. What's he gonna do with the other three? He needs Four hours. That's It. He needs four hours. Is all Steve Bannon needs. He's gonna come out there. And I'll tell you what he's doing right now is, I guarantee you he's converting every single person inside that prison guard's included, by the way, to be supporting Donald Trump.


They, Peter Navarro, they people weren telling him that they were high fiving him. They were high fiving him on the way out. No way. Because they, they all know that these guys are there as a political process. They weren't murderers, they weren't tax sheets, they weren't any of these things. What did they do? They stood up for their country. They st And we live in a country now, and my wife comes from the Soviet Union. We live in a country now where if the government doesn't like you, the government will make up a crime against you and throw you behind bars. We, and it's, it's diff and and by the way, if they can't get you behind bars, who knows? Somebody's gonna take a shot at you when it comes next. That's the country we live in now. And I, I think Steve going to jail, Navarro going in, coming out Biden collapsing.


And then everything we see with Trump Saturday night, it's, it's like this massive culmination all at once. You Know what, there's one other thing is you're right. And it's all at the end where it's not even fixable at that point. 'cause there's so little time to turn it around. I was talking to, I, was it Rachel or someone? I forget Rachel Duffy. but I said he's got another problem. Biden, this next debate is September. Early voting is gonna be going on in full swing. Biden has two options and only true right now. Bail on the debate and look like a chump and a coward or go into debate and get your, your toast toasted again like Donald Trump. I mean, it's, it's only gonna get worse. The guy's brain. He's losing neurons by the day. Well, here this, I mean, nothing's gonna get better.


This, And I've just seen, by the way, there's a new video that just dropped the Joe Biden within the last couple of minutes of him. I mean, they have to, they're almost carrying him onto Air Force One that he is not walking. And we, and we all know he kind has that he's Been safe, man. It's, it's Not safe Going up the steps. This was your grandfather, you'd be like, no, ma, we gotta fix this man. You know. We would say, we would say, dad, I love you more than anything, but no, come on this video. It's, it is not good. And they're, they're leading him up there. And you can see him with these, these halting gate and putting him up there. And there's a real, there's a real consideration. He always gets the seat right behind in the congressional hearing. Oh really? Yeah. Hey. Oh, he is the guy.


Come over here. We wanna see, I wanna see if the audience recognizes you. Oh, I, yeah, I know I, yeah, yeah, I know Ivan Ivan. Folks, you recognize this guy. How the hell do you always get this seat? Grab a seat in the mic, right? No, the other side. Russell, you're not gonna be on the mike side. Get the Mike The Mike's Over there. Yeah. So how do you always get the seat at congressional hearings behind the clown show? And you folks, you know who he is? Chad, wait, hold on. Let see the chat. So, all right, we got 60,000 great p ones watching right now. you know who this guy, you ever seen him? Okay? Yes. They know who you are. They've seen you before. How do you do that? Do you put a reserved for Ivan Rankling thing down or Something? No. So he, he knows the same pro. He's been in the same process Jack has, all you have to do is show up and if it's a really big hearing where the, the biggest scum are basically testifying, you just have to show up probably about an hour, maximum hour and a half to get the primo seats.


Now, because most of the Republican conference at this point know who's who I am as well. Particularly the chairman of the committees. Yeah. Let's just say I have a mechanism to guarantee that I'm sitting in the back. Yeah, they know who you are, man. They right Behind. Right behind fraud. You're right behind. Wait, Someone said, dude is twice your size, Dan. No, no, no, No. Oh. no. Oh, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Next. Go back to back. Back to back. Ah, s He's fun sized. He's fun sized folks.


Size. Alright. I'm a little taller, but the dude is solid. I'll tell you that. So listen, I wanna get both your takes on this, okay? Yeah. Wait, wait. Before I get your take on it, it was you right? Who asked Hunter Biden that question? What was the question? I played it on my show. We were laughing. Our a This, the question that went completely viral was, what kind of crack do you smoke Mr. Biden? Dude, Well, everyone already knows. Did he answer that? He Smokes. Did he? No. Abby Low, his attorney was angry. Looks back at me. He is like, shh. I'm like, buddy, you're outside of the hearing room. That's fair question. I can speak whenever I want. It's not being using expletives so I can basically say whatever I want. It's a fair question. Right? Fair Question. I mean, if you still on crack with Ukraine, are you still on the take with Russia?


Are you still on the take with China? All these other players, you Got a lot of balls in No way. But Dan think of it. Think of why is it that it takes and Ivan re you, we've got all these congressional staffers, all these Republicans, they're all sitting there. Why does he take Ivan to have to do that? Because people don't have the idea yet to just go and do it yourself. And, you know, listen, I say all time, I always do it like peacefully by the book professionally. Smart, smart, smart. Never. Because then they're gonna You know. Yeah. And then they're gonna, but then you're never gonna get access again and it's gonna ruin the whole thing. Exactly. Like it's perfect that you did it that way. Like with this sense of just calmness and, and, and the reason I played it on my show, what kind of crack do you smoke is Because You phrased it like it was a serious question, bro.


What kind? You were like, Mr. Biden, what brand of crack did you, and I'm thinking freaking Question for you that we already know he does smoke crack. It's just a matter of, now we gotta get into more detail. Who kind, Is there a specific Who's supplier? Do you? Yeah. Yeah. Is it right? So again, on this, if we're ever gonna go down the street in Vegas, You the, I mean the smartest guy that the fake president knows he said, he said, I wanna hear your advice. He Said it. He, so I say all the time on my show, they political campaigns are snapshots and soundbites. They are the Jack Poso bigs, the Ivans, the Dans You know we're voting Republican.


Yeah. Really. I mean we've, I've had to, you know, suck it up and vote for shitty candidates. Mitt Romney, the bushes in the past. I'm excited this time about voting. but I do it because, not because I believe Republicans are the solution to our problems, but Democrats are the cause. Okay? But we aren't the target audience. The target audience are people out there who are You know the Burger King. Mom and dads are at a soccer game. They take their kid to McDonald's. They don't do what we do. This is our lifestyle. Yeah. We're nerds. We're in the in the game. Yeah, we Are. And I always say, and I think you'd agree Jack guys, why not say all the time, I don't have a real job. It's just not a real job. We do. There are men and women out there working for a living. Military folks, cops. What we do is not real. I love it. We work hard. It's not a real job. It's snapshots and soundbites because the people who are out there working real jobs unlike us, that's what they see a picture in the paper and a soundbite.


But that's why that question and those things you're doing out there and you making those faces in the congressional hearings, that's why that's so important. That may be the only thing someone sees all day on Twitter, right? People work for a living. They're like us on Twitter all day researching stories. So that stuff's important. Yeah. You gotta draw the attention to the people and, and then educate them. Once you got their attention captured, you can educate 'em on the serious, detailed, nuanced issues. Like what's a motion to vacate the chair? No one has a clue what that is. How do you draw them in? Yeah. You use a term like speaker Trump and then they get their attention, right? Yeah. Did you get, did I see there's like a feature on you out there now? Like recently, last couple Weeks. You know. What Was it? Yeah. So who did it? Who did it last week? Raw Sewage.


I think they're pronounced story raw Maybe Story. Yeah, raw story is how you pronounce it. What is it? Raw sewage? Yeah. I don't know. So anyway, reporters from raw sewage were trying to hit me up and I don't communicate with You know single digit iq. So-called journalist, it's just not my style. Right? Yeah. But they, they actually today, I posted it up on my ex today. Both of the people that did the hip piece on me trying to label me as the biggest You know the name calling, whatever. Yeah. Well they confronted me over You know a couple blocks away by the Fiserv. They were shaking when they were. Oh, that's terrified. I got it on video. They're always so scared whenever I talk to him in real life. These people, people come what? That Antifa cat, That picture of you video. He's so scared. He was so Scared when you got up in his grill. They were all like You know when I, I left the White House one time for the, remember the RNC was at the White House, the National Convention in 20.


So I'm leaving, I'm walking out with my wife and the, remember it was crazy like Antifa BLM was everywhere. That was that The Night Rand Paul? Yes. They came out, they got the video. I Mean I played it on Fox. They do political violence. Yeah. That happened to us too. And. they do, we do, we don't do any of that. so We walk out and some guys following us, I'm gonna rape your wife. He's got a group of people. I'm so, I lose it. I'm not You know, trying to pretend to be a tough guy. but I was gonna fuck this guy up. So I'm chasing him down the street. He's on a bike and my old secret service friend, Keith grabs me. He's like, it isn't worth it. My wife is in heels. She's like, like trying to stop me. I'm like, I'm gonna kick this dude's ass right here. Like, you're not, I'm, I'm gonna show this guy. They are the biggest Pussies the ever the best.


The best comment I heard on that video, you was from Scott Adams. He was talking about it and I was listening the next day and he goes, he goes, You know, I don't know if Antifa has ever met a guy like Dan Bonino before, because you know, Dan Bonino is sitting there and he is going, alright, do I want to go after the big one first or do I want to go one? Always go after the most. Alpha him and destroy him. Drop the biggest One first Man. And you go for the big one. He's like, no, he's gonna go for the big one first. Yep. And the rest are gonna scatter like cockroaches. I, Ivan I'm gonna ask you if you're second, I gotta Yeah, yeah. A a Brian Mass when I had Brian, you wanna come on for a second? Say a few words, man. so We look alike.


There's no Difference here. My audience Loves you. I have one working leg, the other one's still recovering. Hey man, my audience loves. Yeah, yeah. Hey, thanks for having me. Hey, good to see you, Abby. To see you. See you on the way. So I'm gonna welcome Congressman Brian, mass. Brian, come on, grab a seat over here if you can. Can We Okay you, I Just saw you speaking at the RNC. You were kind enough to come on over how you do it, brother? A little bit. A little bit. I happen To know you. How are you? Here, grab a seat right there. So Brian happens to be also my congressman from Florida. It's district 18 Wants a microphone up their butt.


So, I mean, obviously no one understands the, the perils of warfare better than a guy like you who literally left limbs over there. So you'd be a good guy. And Jack, I'll get your take on this too, but we got about You know 10, 15 minutes left here in the show, the Ukraine. How do you, how do you see the whole Ukraine situation? My take on it's been You know. I get it. Putin's not our friend. Like I totally understand that. I think my issue with the funding and with Congress and everything is we don't seem to have any kind of a coherent plan. You know. Do we give him attack hims give them, but don't let 'em use em. Ought we give 'em f sixteens? Yeah, we're gonna give 'em, but we're not gonna train 'em right away. You know. Do we give 'em equipment? Yeah, but let's delay the funny thing You know, what does winning look like?


Well, we we're gonna get Crimea back. Well what if that happens? He unleashes auk. It's like there doesn't seem to be a coherent battle plan. I'm wondering for a guy like you who's left limbs on the battlefield, what's your take on that from Congress? Yeah, lemme just start by confirming what you just said. There is not a coherent battle plan as far as the future goes. I think you have You know a tale of two paths. If there's Joe Biden, right, the path is Putin probably just waits him out because the You know the chances of there being another opportunity for or another chance of American funding getting through. I didn't vote for it before. I don't think you're gonna geter You know funding from America going through again. So I think Putin just waits that out one way or another. If you get Donald Trump, Donald Trump has red lines, any foreign intelligence agency is going to tell to their leader.


They're not gonna gaslight their leaders. They're gonna tell 'em, Donald Trump's red line is Donald Trump's red line. So whatever he tells you on the phone when he calls you after the election and says, be out of there in 24, 48 hours, whatever it is, he means business and he's gonna, he's gonna do what he says he's gonna do. So I think those are the two separate paths between them. But let me affirm what you're saying right now. America supports Ukraine to survive not to win. We're not supporting them to win. We're not, it's like the old, remember Mr. Miyagi, right? And karate kid, he's like, you know, right side of the road, good left side of the road, good You know you go in the middle sooner or later, You know squish. And that's what, that's what's going on here. We're we're not supporting 'em to win. There's not a plan to say Putin has to be out of power or there has to be war crime, cri tribunals, or there has to be Russian nuclear demilitarization because they've elevated their nuclear threat posture numerous times.


Or there has to be demilitarized zones along NATO borders or they have to be out of crime or they have to be out of Ukraine. In total, none of that exists for 900 days for the United States of America to say this has to happen. Yeah. Jack, your thoughts? Well, My, I I couldn't agree more. So I was in, I was in Ukraine about two months after the war started and we went down and we rode the trains, we rode the rails down to Odessa and then I was just literally like paying off people to get through checkpoints. And we went all the way down through to Mic Aev and then almost down to Herson. And this is when the Russians were still in Hersa on that side of the river before they pulled back and really hunkered down there. And I could tell you that the money that was coming in the armaments that were coming in, it was people weren asking me if I wanted to buy an AR 15.


I'm like, look, first of all, I got a few but back home, but what are you, what are you coming up to me here for? And and doing that, I'm just here to report, I'm here to tell you what's going, what I see. And they're like, oh, and, and you found out the scam is that this stuff would go over there, And, they were just releasing it out into the wild with no direct plan. I mean even prior to that, all of this going on, we knew one of the reasons that Ukraine was not eligible for a NATO membership was due to endemic corruption problems within the government. And in fact, You know who agrees me with me on that is Vladimir Zelinsky because this is what he ran on when he was running all the way back in 2019, was anti-corruption. And so you've got local governors, you've got all sorts of stuff going on.


And to your point, congressman, it's that we've, we've got the stuff over there, but we've never sat down and created a coherent plan for what victory looks like, whether or not NATO would take a, take a role in leadership on that. And then plus the issue they have now, of course as we're seeing more and more is these manpower issues. And I, I don't like to give a lot of credit to Kamala Harris for her You know military and geopolitical prowess. But she had a point. She there is interesting, something interesting you said about Ukraine's, a small country, Russia is a big country. That's actually true. And so Russia has these manpower, reserves, the conscripts that they can keep drawing on that Ukraine just doesn't have. And so it's a math problem. That's the issue. It's a math problem. And she was a little bit not for the right reasons, but she was a little bit right when she said that because that's the situation they're in now.


She tripped over the truth. She tripped over the truth. Yeah. Jack, I want to thank you again for joining us. I want to end with a, a question for you congressman. Are, are you on any of the committees that are gonna be looking into this Secret Service debacle? So I sit on Foreign Affairs committee and I chair oversight on that. I don't think Foreign Affairs Oversight will be looking at what's going on with that. And I sit on the Transportation and Infrastructure committee. Congress does a whole, we'll be looking at this. Yeah, no doubt about it. but it will primarily be focused on your Jamie Comer. I'm asking every member I told, we spoke to MTG, Lauren Bobert, speaker Johnson was on my show earlier before Jim Jordan. I asked 'em all the same question. I wanna pitch to you, you've been involved with congressional hearings in the past, Jack, you've seen them, they devolve into, you've seen it.


Three minute filibuster, a ten second question. I'm taking back my time. We get it, we get it. This isn't that issue. We almost lost the president. And by the way, this is non-partisan. Joe Biden could be, God forbid, could be next. He's a Democrat. I don't want to lose anyone. I I was a Secret service agent for Obama. Okay? And Bush, this isn't the kind of thing we mess around with. This isn't some third world republic, do you think I I've gotten four out of five said yes it would have their act together, one not so sure. Do you think with this, given the gravity of the situation that these hearings are gonna be focused and directed, will they get together kind of pre-game? This, I'm gonna ask this. You are gonna ask that. I mean you've been up there now quite a few terms.


You've got a sense of it. Please tell me that this isn't gonna devolve into some You know total shit show up there. So Well no doubt both sides will pre-game it. Now whether they're pushing in the same direction or not, will will will be seen. Now what they can do to avoid, and this is a little inside baseball on, you don't have to do what you just described. Five minutes here, five minutes there. People are walking in and out. It's like two ships passing in the night. People are asking the same questions and okay, you're racing through it because you only have five minutes and you're looking at the clock. The, the chairman can decide and the committee should do this. In my opinion, I think Congress should do this often. Get your best prosecutor on the issue and say okay, this individual is getting 30 minutes and then we're going to 30 minutes for the other side and then we'll go back to 30 minutes for this side and that kind of thing.


And use your best prosecutors for the issues, right? Instead of You know fighting over, I need my five minutes or that sort of thing. Yeah, I hope so. I hope so. By the way, thanks again for your service to the country. And how'd the speech go by the way? We just show you on the screen? Such an honor to, to be able to be on the same stage as You know. Is that home? Talking out? Yeah. Yeah. I just saw you when I just was Navarro after you. I don't know who was after me. What do they give you? Is it five minutes or something? Just different for everybody? Yeah, You know kind of how long do you wanna speak? What do you wanna speak about? We'd like to have You You know, don't respond, I'm not asking you to, but I just wanna say your name has come up multiple times for positions in an upcoming hopeful administration. We're not talking about any red wave stuff, but your name's been out there quite a bit.


You know given your experience with combat injuries and everything and You know. Listen, someone asked me about that earlier today. I said listen, the boss makes his own decisions. you know how the boss is You know He, he does what he does when he wants to do it and that's his call. but I think we'd all agree. You know and it's time to serve. you know, it's, it's time to serve and I just, I've heard your name quite a bit. Nobody understands some of these departments. You know better than you do and thanks for taking care of the water down in Florida 18. Ladies and gentlemen, lemme tell you a lesson about politics having run and lost. Am I correct, Congressman? All politics are local, local, all politics are local, not some politics, all of them. And the water in Florida is always messed up. We're finally getting our hand on this situation down there.


This guy's been all over it. So thanks Jack. Thanks for your time. Plug your show again. How do people find your show? Human Events daily. Check out the book, unhuman Rather. Thank you so much. Unhuman, appreci, man. If you wanna take it to the Commies out there, that's the guidebook on how to do it. And Congressman, thanks so Much for your Dan. Take Care Home. And I hope government finds you in it somewhere. Oh, I don't know. A couple people asked me about that today Show. I think we Need a new secret service director. I'm just saying. Saying Me guys, what are we gonna do about the radio show now? Brittany's guys with me fellas. Thanks a lot. Ladies out there in the audience, really appreciate another banger show. Join us tomorrow, 11:00 AM Eastern, 10:00 AM Local, down here at the RNC for the podcast Radio Show follows soon after. And then we'll do another primetime show tomorrow night.


See you tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in.