
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. So it's Friday, it is my birthday week. So we took a little day, me and Paula to go do some Paul and Dan adventures, which always lead to really incredible, sometimes ridiculous Monday morning updates. Yeah, I want to thank you all this week for all your wonderful birthday wishes too. And then, You know, giving us the shot again to take the number five spot on Pod Track. We are the fifth most most popular podcast in the country according to Pod Track. Thanks to you. So I deeply appreciate it. You made for such a great year for us.


So we had a producer's pick show for you today 'cause I don't wanna leave you guys empty handed. It's worth your time. These guys picked the best, best cuts from The Dan Bongino Show.


Today's show brought you by Beams Cyber Monday Sale. It's been extended exclusively for Bongino listeners. Head to shop Beam dot com slash Bongino and use co Bongino Get a good night's sleep.


Today's show also is sponsored by, Hey, the world's on the edge right now. I target Pro. That's where you want to go. What's I Target Pro? It's a training system for you and your firearm to make sure you can shoot your firearm, proficiently your site alignment, your site picture, your grip, your control of the weapon is really important. You have no idea what's coming next. Train, train often and use what I use. I target pro. It's a laser round in an app you can practice safely with your actual weapon and the privacy and convenience of your own home. I target Pro comes in most calibers from nine millimeter 2, 2, 3. So you can train with almost any firearm. That's why competitive shooters, me, military folks, police officers, corrections officers, they rely on dry fire drills as part of their training. Again, it helps me with the finer points of shooting. Not only that, I Target Pro saves you a ton of money on ammo and range fees, allowing you to train any you want and train more efficiently. Go to train with Bongino dot com, use the system I use, you'll save 10% plus get free shipping on your I Targett Pro system. Don't be fooled by knockoffs. Get the original dry fire training system at train with Bongino dot com. Train safe, train smart train with i Targett. That's train with Bongino dot com. T-R-A-I-N train with Bongino dot com.


Here are some of the best picks from our team. We're gonna love this show today. You're gonna love this show today. Make sure you check it out. Give us your feedback. We'd love to hear it. Check this out folks. This was hilarious. Everybody was emailing me last night. Hey Dan, did you see this clip on CNN Topper and Van Jones? Were talking about Cutesie time. I swear to you I thought it was bullshit. I thought people were messing with me. I'm like they wouldn't be talking about Cutesie time being over. What the hell would CNN be interested in? Cutesie time for the clip, however is real. Took me a few minutes to find it. I'm usually pretty good lickety split, but I don't actually have CNN on my bingo card. So it took me a second to go. I got my spots for Fox and OANN and even M-S-N-B-C.


But let me just say in advance before I play this clip, it's about me and potentially the Secret Service. You know the whole story. I'm, I've already addressed it. I've not spoken to President Trump about that at all. Folks at all. It, it, it's come up on podcast interviews. Of course it's, it's, he's got a thousand things on his plate. I'm just gonna leave that there. However, You know, the president asks you do something. He is not, I just wanna be crystal clear on that. This is really important 'cause everybody's talking about this. Like this was some kind of like, especially the way CNN's addressing it. So I haven't heard anything like this. However, I wanna say in advance, I'm not mad at all and I'm not even remotely bitter about Van Jones and Tapper, You know, talking about me and kind of quietly taking a shot at me.


You know, they barely mentioned the fact that I had a decade plus in the Secret Service. Five years in the Presidential Protection division was with the NYPD was a Republican nominee for Senate in the house. Not that you gotta like kiss my ass, but it's always like the right wing personalities. If the only thing I've ever done is politics in my life, whatever, I'm not mad about it. These guys are, You know, opinion people and they talk about the news and the story's in the news. So I'm fair game like anyone else. And I in the scope of things just really wasn't that bad. I mean it was like they were taking a heavy duty podcast, but it is kind of funny. Cutesy time is over gone national. Well it was on CNN so I dunno how national went, But he check this out, it's pretty funny. CNN is reporting that Rightwing Media personality and former Secret Service agent Dan Bonino.


We, we, by the way, like years ago, we would have him on to talk about secret service issues on this show. He is being considered for secret service director. Here's to sum of what he said on his podcast today, on how he views the new administration Cutesy time is over and we led the way. And a lot of people are recognizing that folks cutesy time is over. I'll say again today, on Wednesday, people are policy and it is time for us because we are the news to double down on the MAGA agenda. Van, you're gonna have to stop being so adorable 'cause cutesy time is over. No, but serious in all, in all in all sincerity, there is, that does reflect a, an attitude of, of so many of these picks, which is it's time to really, really shake up Washington.


And, and the, and a lot of people think if a lot of Trump supporters think that he went with establishment picks last time and that was a horrible idea. He wasn't able to really drain the swamp. And now that's what they're doing. You have to believe a lot of things that are not true for this to make sense. What is the problem you're trying to solve with our intelligence services? We, we get a chance to walk around here and not have bombs blowing up all over the place because our intelligence services are doing a fantastic job keeping us safe. If you think that sending a wrecking ball through our, Okay, I I I I now I deserve the chance to respond, right? Like I said, not mad.


I'm not bitter. It's a news story. I'm fair game like anyone else, but so are you guys, right? Jake Van, you guys are in the public, public space. So you're fair, you're fair game too. I get the chance to respond. So what's the problem Van we're trying to solve. I I should say we, I'm not in the administration, I have not been asked but assume I was say I was the secret service director sitting there with Ratcliffe and Tulsi and hopefully Cash Patel at FBI. The problem we're trying to solve you completely right over your head missed. I love how he says this. You guys hear this, Michael? He goes, You know these, the intelligence community out there and all these other people, and by the way, secret Service isn't part of the intelligence community.


They consume intelligence, they don't produce it. However, they do consume a lot of intelligence. 'cause they wanna make sure they can get the threat right? Right. We are not completely saved. There's a major war in the Middle East that broke out because our intelligence community missed a nine 11 style attack in Israel. There's a, there, there have been terror attacks where people have been on the FBI's radar and they missed it. Why? Because the FBI has been too busy. This is what the CN bubble looks like. You may have missed these stories. Van, did you miss the story about the FBI and the moms for Liberty? The FBI and the pro-life movement?


These are threats to the United States Grandmas and the Gulag for a trespassing charge on January 6th. This, this is the, this is the security threat that's gonna keep us here. Go get grandma, go get her. Did did, are you, did you miss all this? The FB I I didn't even get to the serious stuff. Did you miss the FBI spying on Donald Trump van? I'll give you a little homework. Look up the name Ezra Turk. Go look that up. You can read about it in the books I wrote about. If you want go get it from the library here. Thank you guys. I didn't even ask him to throw this. I mean, just the News Justice Department investigated the conservatives moms for Liberty in the same manner as the Ku Klux Klan.


I get Does you guys miss all this? Why is Trump taking a wrecking ball to the status quo? Because the status quo was failed. There's a thing called opportunity cost van, you waste your time spying on presidential candidates and conservative groups and tea party groups with the IRS and other things. That's time not spent trying to intercept a major terror attack in the Middle East. That does involve us. 'cause we've been dragged into it. The same Death to America crowd was involved in that. The same people who told Biden the intelligence community. Oh, Putin's not gonna invade Ukraine. They missed that one too.


So forget me, pull me out of the story. But cutesy time is over because that's what what cutesy time gave you. It gave you a bunch of bullshit investigations. And that's why President Trump is reaching out to people who are actual door kickers. I just wanna say again, we have not spoken about this I this story like yesterday on CNN, a whole bunch of reporters are reaching out for me for comment. Why isn't he responding? Because there's nothing to respond about. What do you want me to respond and say? I don't know what you're talking about. Don't, by the way, I don't really speak to reporters anyway about that kind of stuff. Politics. I don't, I don't, I don't talk to report. Especially left wing ones conservative. Oh, you go cutesy time is over.


Could someone send a shirt to Jake store? Do Bongino dot com. Our proceeds go to charity so don't worry. It's not like some moneymaking thing we're doing for us Store. Do Bongino dot com Somebody mail Jake and send Van a cutesy time is over. Probably extra small. Send them over. Cutesy time is over. Maybe they'll pin one up in their office. We there are all there. We have all sizes in stock. Someone make a donation over to CNM. I saw that last night. Again, I'm not mad at these guys. I'm part of the news. I'm fair game. I, I don't have a thick skin. But I do realize that being in the business when you're part of the news, you're part of the news.


You don't wanna be part of the news. Stop being a wuss and don't be a public figure. Okay? End of story. Go do something else. And I like doing what I'm doing. So it's part of the business. Dear liberals, we are always right. What is two thumbs and is always correct along with his little Bonino Army, which isn't so little anymore. This guy by the way, thank you for making us according to Tritons Ranker in October. I can't believe it. The number three podcast in the United States. Never saw that coming. Thank you guys. Love the Bonino Army. You guys kick ass and take names. Absolutely adore you guys. We are always right. Why is our army not so little anymore and growing because it's fact-based to show.


We've told the limbs, we warned them a thousand times. Your fascination with identity, politics and division. It's going to catch up with you. Why do you remember in the chat folks in the chat? You remember? Oh there we go. Back up. Look at him. We got 125 too. Nice. Alright, we're fully back up. Thank you Chris for fending off another massive attack. These guys are so good. Boom, boom. Done just like that. We told you a long time ago that the cannibalism theory was gonna take over the cannibalism theory in the left. For those who are new to the show is this conservatives, the MAGA crowd, libertarians and Tea party. People started giving liberals the double barrel middle finger with cancel culture a long time ago.


They just pound right through it. Don't say masks don't work. What do MAGA people do? They go to Twitter the next day are all caps they put Now masks definitely don't work. We don't care. So eventually they've had to dial back because they know they're wasting their time. But there's power for them in canceling people. Okay? So when they can't cancel conservatives and MAGA people, 'cause we just don't listen, we flip 'em off. They were gonna turn on themselves. And this is what's happening with identity politics with the left. If you happen to be black, right? You've been told by the media forever, right? The left man, they're looking out for your interests against those horrible Republicans. You're now finding out that it's actually the Republicans that have been looking out for your interests against the horrible Democrats.


Because if you're black and you say, Hey, I'm a father who happens to be black and the left told me like I'm a big interest group, they're looking out for me. But I don't want a man in the bathroom with my 12-year-old daughter. A man, an actual man. The left will then attack you. You get what they're doing. They can't attack us 'cause we're just gonna hammer ahead. We've never wanted men in a women's bathroom, but now they're eating each other alive. And I tell you, man, I am buying my ticket in the front row to see it. This is glorious. Please keep this up begging you. Please keep this up. Here's a tweet from some communist Tim Miller. He is at the Bulwark, which is the com site.


Is it wrong to suggest that Sarah McBride, she's the new trans member of Congress, should follow Mike Johnson in the men's room and stand right behind him at the urinal at the next opportunity. Tim, that's a great idea. You tell the trans member of Congress, Sarah McBride, who's a man, tell Sarah McBride to follow everyone. You, this is working out great. I'm dead serious folks. I'm not kidding. You guys have given such great advice at the Bulwark. The Bulwark, which is like a comi site, which has been wrong about everything, every significant political trend of our time. The bulwark, have they not guys have been on the wrong side of every one of 'em.


Please take Tim's advice and make Sarah McBride and the trans issue the focus of everything in your next term. Please do that. We're actually begging you to do it. Your fascination with division cannibalism and eating each other alive has done so well for you. You lost every single swing state despite having every single lever of power behind you, mainstream media, academia, entertainment, even Taylor Swift, and you got your asses kicked because your issues suck. You definitely gotta keep up more of this dude. You guys see this clip?


Tell me, when I sent this over, you guys weren't in love right away. I had to put this, I never put clips like this in the beginning of the show. Never. This one's right in the beginning. You see this lunatic, Jasmine Crockett, she's a member of Congress, obviously a Democrat. This one I'm not sure about her psychological status. I'm really not. Here she is again, she's a member of Congress. Paid probably close to, if not more than $200,000 a year. She has lobbyists kissing in her ass every day. She will never ever be middle class for the rest of her life. Lobbyists will pay her. She'll be given speeches. Okay? She is living in the lifestyle. She is a, she is a one percenter, okay? Here she is complaining about being oppressed and again, blaming the white man.


The white, which is by, by Nate, by its very definition racist. She's categorizing a group of people according to their race without knowing any of 'em. And basically saying, look at you guys. You guys say, here's Jasmine Crockett, please keep this stuff up. This identity politics is such a winner for you guys on the left, I wanna fund a pack. Check this out. You Can then misuse words like oppression. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country. You tell me which white men were dragged out of their homes. You'll tell me which one of them got dragged all the way across an ocean and told that you are gonna go and work. We are gonna steal your wives, we're gonna rape your wives.


That didn't happen. That is oppression. We didn't ask to be here. We not the same migrants that y'all constantly come up against. We didn't run away from home. We were stolen. So yeah, we are gonna sit here and be offended when you wanna sit here and act like, and, and, and don't let it escape you that it's white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that, that y'all are the ones being oppressed. That y'all are the ones that are being harmed. Folks, please can someone, someone and folks in the chat, I'm, I'm glad to see everyone's back. Good.


Yeah, right. I can. Right? Rockham stock and robot. I, I just saw it in the chat. Can someone in the chat get like Jasmine Raett pack and just like buy the url.com. We need this woman in leadership on the left. We need to make sure that this woman is a potential presidential candidate in the future. Lefties, please keep this up. Jasmine, I suggest you and Tim Miller get together over coffee in a Starbucks, have a macchiato or whatever. It's kind of a left wing place. You guys would be, you guys would be great together. Get together the agenda for the Democrats midterm platform. Make it about following while women and men into bathrooms, were near the opposite sex. That's a great idea. And keep telling white men and women across America busting their ass to stay ahead in this country with inflation.


That they're somehow oppressing you while you're paying. Two, you're paid $200,000 a year to sit in Congress and have someone kiss your wrestle day. Yes. Keep it up, Jasmine. We love it. The judges ruled folks in the chat, you think it's a great idea. Get this woman in leadership. Make her the whip. Make her the minority leader. I don't care. Crockett Harris, 2028 Crockett Harris, 2028 G's looking into it now G's gonna put, they're gonna put a campaign sign together. I want this woman running for president. This has worked so well, folks. This stuff is this will this, this is going to be the death of the Democrat party. But do you understand, Dan? Stop telling him.


Listen to me. Brothers and sisters, listen to your boy. I am in a really good mood today. So much good stuff going on. So much. I am in an amazing mood today. Couldn't wait to do the show. Listen to your boy here. Please it. Please, it doesn't freaking matter how many times we cover this stuff and make fun of them for doing it. They cannot control themselves. Do you understand that? I mean, to sound like an asshole, they can't stop because they don't know anything else. Jasmine Crockett doesn't know anything about anything either.


Does Tim Miller or else his predictions would've been correct? He's been on the wrong side of everything along with his entire team. They don't know anything. All they know is insult division politics and identity politics. They can't stop.


Hey, I hope you're enjoying the show. Today's show is also brought to you by Omaha Steaks. Hey, nothing delivers comfort and joy, quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. It's guaranteed perfection in every single bite. And right now you can save on unforgettable gifts with 50% off Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus score an extra $30 off with promo code Bongino with five generations of experience. They consistently deliver the world's best steak experience and the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks. It made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring gourmet favorites. Not only are Paul and I planning to send some Omaha Steaks to members of our family for the holidays, but we're stocking up ourselves for this busy holiday season. And some big parties coming up. You may have heard there'll be a lot of food consumed at the Bongino House, especially next week. And we'll be ready from their legendary stakes to their perfectly sized dessert. Save 50% off site wide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code Bongino. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com. O-M-A-H-A and an extra $30 off with promo code. Bongino minimum purchase may apply.


Matt Gates just withdrew his name from consideration for the attorney general spot. Folks, I didn't have a lot of time to think about this and obviously it just happened and You know, I prefer to be last and right rather than first and wrong. But I feel pretty strongly about President Trump's picks here. And I, I, let me just venture into the dark forest here because I, I'm almost 100% sure I know what happened. It's not an accident that had happened the day after Matt Gaetz was ushered around Capitol Hill to speak with senators by a current senator who is now the VP elect JD Vance.


I'm guessing because I wasn't in the room, but guessing based on a good body of experience, having been ushered around myself when I was the Republican nominee for Senate in Maryland and meeting people, I'm guessing what happened, and Jim, feel free to chime in if you think I'm crazy, is the Senators were probably pretty clear that, listen, I'm not voting for you no matter what. Don't kill the messenger. I'm not telling you I agree. I'm just telling you what happened. Remember, they can only lose three 'cause you're gonna have 53 Republican seats. You need 51. Well, Dan, how can they lose three then they'd only have 50 because JD Vance as the vice president and the incoming administration is the tie breaking vote.


The vice president of is the, also the president of the Senate. I, I know You know this, I'm sorry. There are liberals listening. I'm Sears who have no idea. So the president of the Senate is the vice president. So you effectively, if you have parties of the same kind in the majority in the Senate, in the White House, you actually have one extra vote so they can lose three. So Murkowski and Collins. Collins was a hard no. Murkowski was a a a pretty close to hard. No, my guess is Tom Tillis, who is up for reelection in the next cycle from North Carolina. He does not want this to become an election issue. So was probably squeezing them.


And my guess is a lot of these other Republican senators who were squishy and You know, we have a lot of 'em unfortunately, probably went to the president and said, listen, we've, again, I'm not, don't kill the messenger. I'm just telling you, knowing that disgusting dark world of politics, this is probably what happened. They said, we've got a hundred days with you, essentially a hundred days before basically the midterm election season, hypes up. This is how they think. We are gonna have to push through a lot of stuff. Voter id, the safe act, the rains act, the tax cuts. We're gonna have to push through a lot of stuff and it's gonna burn up a lot of political capital.


You're asking me to go to my voters, some squishy Republicans in the state I'm up in, and you're asking me to take on water for this issue. Don't kill your boy. I'm just telling you the answer should be back. Yes, we're asking you to do that. 'cause we played cutesy time in the past and we keep getting rolled. However, that's not how a lot of these guys think. A lot of 'em are weak. Their constitution is poor, pun intended, they don't have a stiff spine. They're not ready for a guy like y So yeah, it doesn't come without personal controversy. There's no doubt. But again, I, I'm not, I I I'm not Tinder dating the guy, okay?


I, I, I'm, I like women and I'm married. I'm interested in a guy who's gonna go and kick in some doors and get the bad guys out of the Justice Department. But he the perfect pick. No, there's no perfect pick for any position. I tried to explain this in a couple prior episodes and a few people beat me up on the comments. That's okay, though. Your input matters too. But you're wrong. A couple people said, Dan, this guy was terrible. I wanted this guy. And then I responded back to a couple of them on online, on social. And I was like, yeah, but this guy's got this, this and this to deal with reelection.


This if he leaves the seat and oh, thanks, I didn't know that. I'm there. There, there's a limited group of people who can do this. Remember he picked Jeff Sessions last time and then we lost the seat to Doug Jones, a democrat in Alabama. There's not a huge body of people who you can get through of that. Gates was definitely a fire starter. There is no, there's absolutely no doubt that Gates is an arsonist, not a fireman. And I mean that as a positive. And Gates and I believe me, don't get along on everything. I think if you listen to the show, that's fairly obvious. But I had no objections to the pick at all.


I think the president's entitled to his cabinet we're in political trench warfare. I want a guy who goes, Hey, the bad guys are that way. Not sideways in the trench, but my quick kind of back of the hand writing on the napkin analysis, having been in this politics disgusting cesspool for a long time and haven't seen how it works. Sadly, that's probably what happened. These Republican senators told them yesterday, Hey Matt, I'm sorry, but I, I'll take it on the chin with my voters, it's fine, but I'm not, I'm not voting for it. But he just didn't have the, the numbers which weren't there. Now, I mean, he may come back in some non Senate confirmed position.


He, who knows? I mean, is it, with the whole special election going on right now, he's already resigned his seat. How's that gonna work out? I don't know. We'll pay attention to it. But my guess is that that's what happened. And it's sad because, You know, if there was anyone that understood what the deep state apparatus looked like, it was Gates put into personal controversies aside from it. 'cause again, I'm looking only at transactional spreadsheet math. Is the guy a plus one for me in dismantling the deep state or not? Here's one of the reasons they hated Gates. This was gonna be later in the show, but I told Jim, cue it up for me. Now here's cut nine. There's an FBI director, assistant director up on Capitol Hill about a year ago.


And whereas everyone else is asking him all kinds of fluffy questions, gates goes right for the, he goes right for it right here. He's like fishing for sharks. Gates is like, Hey man, you are the assistant tech director or whatever it is for technology. Where's the Hunter Biden laptop? I don't know, man, where's the Hunter Biden? You know, You know what you mean? You don't know where the Hunter Biden, how do you not know like you're the assistant director or the fbi? This is why the Deep State was freaked out. I I think him withdrawing was kind of a bad idea. I think we should have gotten everybody on record. Let's see where they stand. Because if you can't get him through, you're not gonna get anyone else through to, you're not gonna get anyone else through either that, that's even remotely controversial by the, and not, not, I'm not saying by our terms, by theirs play that Cut.


Here's gates versus the FBI. This is why they're afraid of him. Check this out. So where is it? The laptop, Sir, I'm not here to talk about the laptop. I'm here to talk about the FBI cyber program. You are the assistant director of FBI cyber. I want to know where Hunter Biden's laptop is. Where is it Sir? I don't know that answer. That is astonishing to me. Now you're telling me right here, is that as the assistant director of FBI cyber, you don't know where this is after it was turned over to you three years ago? Yes sir. That's an accurate statement. Let's tell you what Mr. Chairman, I seek unanimous consent to enter into the record of this committee. The contents of Hunter Biden's laptop, which I'm in possession of Folks.


That's, that's why they don't want 'em in there. You know, I, I repeat points over and over on the show, not to be repetitive or to waste your time, but because one of the best lessons I ever learned about trying to be informative and entertaining is tell people what you're gonna tell 'em then tell 'em and then tell 'em what you told 'em. It's the only way to have it. Sink in policy is not policy. I know many of you think we live in a constitutional republic. We do in Florida, in Texas, Alabama, Mississippi, Montana. We do the citizens of New York, Illinois, California who are being subjective to a socialist style of government, absolutely do not live in a constitutional republic.


They live in a socialist or semi-socialist country where policy is nothing more than a suggestion. I can't give this example enough. If you think policy is policy and the law is the law and Dan, what are you talking about? People aren't policy. Policy is policy. I just ask you to reflect on the Joe Biden student loan debacle. The policy is crystal clear. You cannot raid the treasury to go give money to people to pay off their loans at our expense. The Supreme Court has smacked this guy down on it, Biden twice now, and he keeps doing it. So I'm asking a serious question if you're questioning me.


Fair enough Dan. Come on, stop that people aren't policy. Policy, okay? Policy says he's not allowed to do it, but he's doing it anyway. Why? Because the people matter. Joe Biden's a communist to each, according to their abilities from each, according to their needs. Or you get that? That's what they do. Socializing the economy, socializing the fruits of people's labor or from each, according of their abilities to each according of their needs. Sorry, get your stuff right. He's socializing the fruits of your labor by giving them to other people despite the fact that the quote policy tells 'em he can't do it.


So if policy is in policy, especially in liberal states and people are policy, then we're gonna need people in there that understand. I don't mean to confuse you, that policy is policy. Does that make sense? And Gates got that regardless of the personal issues. I'm not apologizing for anything. I got my own personal failings, man. I'm not anybody's moral compass here. Okay? I needed a guy in there who understands that the FBI has a policy against spying on Americans. Yeah, but Dan, they spied on Americans. Exactly. The FBI has a policy about investigating people for political reasons.


Yeah, but they investigated Moms for Liberty and MAGA hat wearing people. That doesn't sound like the policy mattered because it didn't. That's why a guy like Gates was so important. And that's why him withdrawing is kind of a bigger deal. I'm afraid they got their first scalp and I don't know where that's gonna go now. I really hope he doubles down with another bulldog. I really do. 'cause if we get a deep state guy in there, forget it, we're finished. It'll be an absolute tragedy. You know what, while we're on it, Jim, after the break, I wanna play cut 10. That's why the FBI director spot is so important.


It's also why a bunch of bot armies, deep state armies online are going after Cash Patel. They don't want Cash Patel in there either because people or policy and Cash is a person who understands. The FBI's been violating policy on intelligence gathering, on domestic spying on the two tier justice system. That policy says supposed to be one tier justice for all. He gets it. He's spoken out publicly about it for years. What else could you possibly want in a nominee? That's why they're trying to shoot down this guy's nomination quick too. And you're seeing it all over Twitter. There is a deep state operation's, very sophisticated, I'm telling you, trying to shut this guy down.


I just wanna note folks, You know, our last sponsor before was Omaha Steaks. And we're gonna have some at our party this week, but gee's not gonna be there. So gee will not be eating any Omaha Steaks. And I think I'll be locking the freezer so he cannot get hold of any more than how he's outta here. Now. He's quit. Hope you're enjoying the show. Gee, Michael. Justin, they picked out a lot of these selections for you. We never wanna leave you without content. We appreciate you guys tuning in. Bonino Army. You mean a lot to us. This isn. Our last break here.


Hey, my dad was having a hard time hearing as he got a little older. So I introduced him to MD hearing aids well over a year ago. Total game changer. Form MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearing's Neo model costs about 90% less than clinic hearing aids. And they fit right inside your ear. No one will even know they're there. So go to md hearing.com. Go today, use our promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. It's crazy how good the quality is at that Price. MD hearing is sold over 1.9 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money back guarantee this holiday season. Give yourself to a loved one the hearing they deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value. Just for listeners of my podcast, that's shop md hearing.com. Use my promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


And our last sponsor, my Pillow. Mike's always been great to the show. We love Mike support MyPillow. They're happy to announce their Christmas extravaganzas. Finally here, get this season's flannel sheets for as low as 59 98. They won't last long, so get 'em while you can. The famous My slippers, they haven't been on sale for over a year regular price. 1 19 98 now, only 59 point 98. The six piece towel sets are back in stock with extremely limited quantities. Only 29 98 with hundreds of MyPillow products. There's something for everyone on your Christmas list from bathrobes, bathrobes, duvets quilts, down comforters, and so much more. Don't forget the classic collection pillows at wholesale prices for a standard pillow only 1488, queen size 1888. Upgrade to a king for just a dollar more body pillows for just 29 98 or the multi-use MyPillow for 9 88. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Be sure to use promo code, Dan to save on all the MyPillow products. For example, flannel sheets as low as 59 98 or six piece towel sets for 29 98. That that's not all they're extending their 60 day money back guarantee until March 1st, 2025 plus all orders over $75 or more. Ship absolutely free. So go to mypillow.com, mypillow.com or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 and use promo code. Dan,


let's see what the producers have lined up for us next. The reason he pardoned his kid is not because he's a good dad. A good dad doesn't let a drug abusing crack using son. Go conduct international business when you are the freaking vice president of the United States. Dip shits on the left. This isn, I'm, I'm a dad, I've got kids. Can you imagine having a kid with a drug problem going, I've got an idea. I'm the vice president and I need, oh yeah, oh yes, yes, yes. Dark mode. Freaking debos is on.


Okay? Because a good dad does not send crack addicted young man to go overseas and fleece money from a bunch of countries, which you ironically have been put in charge of by the president of the United States at the time who happened to be Barack Obama. He pardoned his son because he knew his son was getting ready to do this. He's gonna, what are you gonna tell me right now? Gee, describe for the Spotify people at home at Apple, what you were talking about. I'm flipping the middle finger because that's what Joe Biden was about to get from his kid. No. Yes. What's that?


I'm so proud. Yes, thank I can read gee's mind. I know what G's gonna say. What gee is always for, gee has this audio. I love our audio only audience, gee is like super loyal to them. Explain here. There are two middle fingers up and they're both mine. That's what Hunter Biden was about to do to pop Dukes folks. Big guy. I got I to, I've always been honest about my sources. Yes, Justin, the big guy was about to get the big woo-hoo right up the kabuki. Okay, I've always been honest about my sources, have I not here? Here's Unself praise, okay? I didn't have the best sources in the Kamala Harris team. I didn't, I got damn good ones on the Biden team.


Oh, trust your boy D bots. They, I've been saying this forever. Hunter Biden's lawyer has been quietly threatening dad the entire time. You give us a pardon or we're about to lay waste to you in a book, in testimony, whatever we gotta do. And I'll bet they went down to vacation time over Thanksgiving and he was the Thanksgiving table. Hey dad. Hey son, do you have any crack? I don't have any crack here, but there may be some cocaine in the White House. We might ask the Secret Service for that sample bag. Oh my gosh. You know this might come up. By the way, dad, if I write a book about drugs and Ukraine and stuff like that and You know you were the vice president and here's dad.


Oh shit, maybe we should do something about that. That was the conversation on Thanksgiving. No one was giving thanks, but there was a lot of giving, giving this the double barrel right up the caboose. This guy was screwed. It's true. This guy was screwed. There was a Proctology exam coming for this guy. This dude was screwed. Joe Biden is in a lurch because the kid had nothing left to lose. The trial was over. He was getting ready to get sentenced. Was he gonna get jail time? I don't know.


Maybe, maybe not. Maybe a week, maybe a day, maybe nothing. He did not want to be Hunter Biden. That is a convicted felon. He's like, get to the elements. No, no. I'm telling you, Joe Biden was screwed. They were afraid of Biden getting roped in on a Fara charge. How many times I gotta say this Foreign Agent Registration Act. It is against the law to lobby on behalf of a foreign government at in violation of US law IE taking bribes and trading in national security information.


Here's what happened, folks. Forget everything you've heard in the past. I've written books on this sucker. I have zero doubt in my mind based on the evidence that in my humble opinion, Joe Biden was giving his son classified information on the country's of his portfolio as vice president, which the family was using to then get money as a consultant on those on foreign deals so that they had inside info from the vice president. I've seen the evidence, it's gonna be hard to convince me otherwise. And Joe Biden had almost as much if not more liability than, than Hunter folks.


Of course they lied about it. That's all the bidens do. The family's garbage. They're just garbage people. And by the way, you think Hunter Biden, hunter Biden, I'm telling you right now, isn't even the most messed up one in that family. Wait till this, I'm the next secret service director. I'm just telling you now, whatever it is, I'm gonna be pushing you on this cocaine thing because You know, you guys know who, you've narrowed it down. You know who it is. And you think Hunter Biden's the, he ain't even the worst one in this crew. This family is gross. They are nasty. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre lying over and over and over. 'cause that's all they do.


The worst freaking press secretary in the history of the United States. She should only be remembered for this montage. I think this is Maize Moore. If it's not, we love Maze Moore, MAZ. If M-O-O-R-E, follow him on X. That count is really awesome for video. Here's Corin Jean Pierre. This should be the only thing she's ever remembered for. Check this out. But from a presidential perspective, is there any possibility that the President would end up pardoning his Son? No, The president would not pardon? Nor commute the sentences for his son, hunter. I just wanna make sure that that is not going to change over the next six months. The President's say Not it's, it's still, it's still a no, it's still a no. It will always be a no.


It's still a no. It will be a no it, it is a no. And I don't have anything else to add. Will he Pardon his son? No. His son Hunter is also up for being sentenced next month. Does the President have any intention of pardoning him? We, we've been asked that question multiple times. Our answer stands, which is no. President Biden says that he's not gonna pardon his son, hunter. Is he gonna ask Donald Trump to do that? I don't have anything else to share about that. I'm not gonna get, go down a rabbit hole on this. I've been very clear. The president's been very clear when we've been asked this question. Oh, does she should never be remembered for anything else.


That was at Tim runs his mouth on X, by the way, not me, But we love, we have a lot of stuff from me, so they're all good. Make sure you follow. All these accounts are great for video folks. The woman is a disgrace to the podium. Now, you may be saying, well, Dan, she was lied to by Joe Biden. Folks, if this woman isn't smart enough to realize she's getting smoked up, then how is she smart enough to represent the United States? Remember, she's paid by the taxpayers working in a taxpayer funded building to advance the message of the president of the United States, not the president of the Democrat Party. The woman's a disgrace. If Kareem Jean Pierre had any human dignity at all.


Folks in the chat, did we break the chat? What that No, what? What should she do today? She should resign today. Today there is zero doubt she should resign today and preserve some shred of human dignity because we are having problems with Rumble, right? No. Okay. It's just my phone. Yeah, I gotta put my, there we go. Resign today. Resign today. Show America, please. But can we get the socks up again because this woman sucks so bad. Like just show America. You have some shred of backbone and today say, I refuse. I'm not doing that again.


Of course, that a core performance. The hack goon disgusting, filthy enemies of freedom and liberty. The modern, disgusting, filthy liberal media have to make this story about what? What happens every time there is a Democrat scandal. The media can't explain away the story becomes a Republican's pounce story every single time. What's a Republican's pounce story? Because the media cannot explain away Democrat disgusting, filthy, communist, authoritarian filth, bad grotes behavior.


They make the story about not the scandal, but the Republican reaction to it. Sometimes they actually write Republicans pounce. He's like, I got an example. No. Yes we do. Politico Republicans pounce on Biden pardoning his son Hunter. Notice the story isn't about what the Democrats did. These scumbags, the story's about the Republican reaction. This is who bullshit echo is. This is why nobody takes these idiots. Seriously. It's why according to that Pew survey or whatever it was, Gallup, 31% of Americans only trust the mainstream media, meaning seven out of 10 think you guys suck.


It's because you do suck. Hey, thank you guys for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Like I said, don't wanna leave you guys without content. Wanna make sure you got something for a Friday. Have fun this weekend. Appreciate everything you guys did for me and did for the show. I will see you back here live at 11:00 AM on Monday. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.