
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, I told you I took maybe what would, what would've been a controversial stance in the beginning of yesterday's show on the CR thing, and 90% of people agreed with me. Fine. 10% didn't fine. Er, that's great. We appreciate descent. We're not the censorship show, but the, the descent was basically all insults. Gat the special guest in the studio.


Today's podcast sponsored by Beam. Go to shop be.com/bino. Use code BONINO for 47% off your first order.


A big show today. 'cause now we've got the cr, which I acknowledge, I will acknowledge again, I will say there are very few words I enjoy saying, but dispositive, I will say this positively. This CR sucks. I get it. You are a Hundred percent correct. Intentional pregnant pause. I don't know what for the 10% of people disagreed with me. They're disagreeing with me on things I agree with. You are only disagreeing with yourself. I agree. It sucks. All I asked you for was a plan. Give me plan B and I, I'm not kidding when I tell you this. I got about a thousand emails on this, probably 200 maybe or so. So-so maybe a hundred that were negative.


Not a single one had a plan. They basically said like, you're, we don't like you, you suck. Okay, great. What's your plan? Well, I don't have one. Oh, okay. You, I told you that was gonna happen.


Hey, if you go back into the nineties, the original promise of the internet was to provide a virtual world of equals free from the dictates of government and business. We're far from that original promise, aren't we? It's pretty clear. Big tech companies and advertisers have taken over our devices, but there's a way to take back control. That's with Express VPN. Every time you go online, your internet service providers tracking, recording and creating a profile based on everything you do. Data brokers then sell your profile to whoever's willing to pay for it. With Express VPNA Hundred percent of online traffic travels, your online traffic travels through secure encrypted servers so no one can watch what you do. Not even the internet provider ExpressVPN hides your IP address so that no company can use it to identify you and manipulate your online experience. ExpressVPN is easy to use. It just takes one click and it works on all your devices. Right now, you can get an extra four months free when you use a special link for us. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino, get four extra months of ExpressVPN. That's PR ESS ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


Deeply appreciate your patience this week and as we wrapped up the show,


today's show also brought to you by Patriot Mobile. We've been fighting for the same thing for years. Freedom, Liberty, and the country. We love one of our biggest supporters over the years. It's been Patriot Mobile. They stuck with us through thick and thin. Thank you guys. We're part of the Bonino Army. Check out Patriot Mobile please. We need to keep supporting companies that share our values and stand for what we believe in. Switch to Patriot Mobile with confidence, knowing we can get outstanding nationwide coverage. 'cause they operate on all three major networks. Not only do you have a guarantee, you'll get the Patriot Mobile coverage guarantee as well. Remember, every dollar you spend support a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. The one Hundred percent US customer support team will help you find the perfect plan for you, your family, even your business. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service from promo code. Dan. Truth is, I can't think of a reason you shouldn't be on Patriot Mobile. So check 'em out. That's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, fellas, let's go. We have a special guest in the studio today. Who do you guys think it is? Switch over to camera Jim, give a wave. Glad to see you have your Yankees jersey on. Very proud of you. Very proud Jim. Wanna talk back? No. Yes it is. Yes it is. It's meant to look like a Mets jersey, but it is not. Jim is a big Yankees fan. Good to have Jim in the studio. Acknowledging also that Don Mattingly, who I have his autographed baseball right back there in in the case somewhere. Don Mattingly is a, actually, you know what, that's coming up with me to Washington dc I'm taking a Don Mattingly baseball with me. So Thank you producer Jim for that.


I told you guys with the CR bill, can we just stick with the facts? I can't tell you how many times I've had this argument with people do not get emotional about politicians don't Do it. There's this tendency to wanna fall in love and outta love with people. I get it. I am not insulting you. I've done it too. There are people, I I, I can probably name four or five of 'em. I've heard them give speeches. They were Republicans running for office and I was like, damn, this guy is good. And then you turn out, you turn out later and you look up their liberty score, whatever it may be, and you find out they vote like crap every single time.


Do not fall in love with pol. Politicians fall in love with what folks in the chat fall in love with what outcomes. The problem I had with this continuing resolution bill is it's sucks. The outcome is going to be bad additional government spending. So why did we have vote on it? Because we don't have an alternate plan to get past the Senate filibuster obstacle. The only plan is to use reconciliation, which you cannot use with this bill. So I asked yesterday when I did the segment, I have no problem with Congressman Tom Massey whatsoever. He's been great on the January 6th pipe bomber.


I'm glad he is talking about spending. I just asked one simple question and the clip went viral yesterday, which by the way, Jim drove that, that that death of journalism guy. Crazy. Did you see that? He was so upset. I commented on this. Apparently he just figured out, I have a political opinion podcast up until Monday. It's called a job. He was shocked. I got no problem with 'em. I don't fall in love or outta love with people. I just ask, what's the plan? If we are going to cut spending in the cr, which I would love to see, love it. I would love it. Then I'm asking you, how are you gonna get the votes?


I the answer is, I don't have the votes. Okay, then the government fake shuts down. What's your plan to get outta that? Well, we're gonna leave it. I I will give one guy credit. One guy on Facebook said to me yesterday, basically, Dan, I don't like you. You're a toolbox. Keep the government shut down forever for all iCare. Alright? That's your plan. I'm gonna ask you a question though. When have we ever won an argument like that? I'm just asking for appropriate. I, again, I give the guy credit. That's his, that's a plan. I don't think it's a great plan, but at least he presented a plan.


He said, I don't care. Keep it shut down till 2028. Here's the thing though, two things. Excuse me. Got a little bit of allergies. GH is okay. I absolve Gee of any responsibility for my fake cold. It was fake. It is allergies. 'cause I took a little bit of allergy medication yesterday. It felt great. Two things. We just elected Donald Trump to reform government. It's only been 30 days. The border crossing numbers have fallen off a cliff. He is already working on moving around chess pieces in the economy. He's already moving on. Dismantling the Department of Education. It's been about, what is it, 52 days now?


52 days. Give the guy a chance. So number one, he's not gonna fix everything in this bill right now. Yeah, it's just unrealistic. And second, folks, I, it sucks, but the left wing media still has some power and the public just isn't there yet with government shutdowns. Guys, ladies, people panic with government shutdowns. And it's because the media feeds into the panic. They tell people receiving social security, they're gonna cut off your checks. Puppies are gonna die. AIDS and cancer research is gonna stop and die.


People are gonna die everywhere. Black holes are gonna form over there. It'd be like that movie, that movie, remember when the moon crashes into earth that and people believe it. I I, I'm sorry, but I live in the, the world that I'm, that we're stuck with. Not the world. I I I would like to kind of mold like Play-Doh. I get it. The bill sucks. You win. Can we agree? Can we handshake on it? I'm simply stating to you, if you don't have some kind of a voting plan, then you're just talking reality matters and always measure the effectiveness of what you're doing.


By the way, by what? Tell me in the chat. If you don't know, I'll be very upset. How do you know what we're doing is effective? Because the Democrats freaked out yesterday. Literally, there's gonna be the liberal use of the word literally in the show today. Literally. You'll see, you know, I hate the word right? Yo, you'll see what I mean in a second. But you're using it. I'll tell you why. But it's both sides. Did you guys pick up on that too? Both of these clips you did right here. First. Here is Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson. He knows this is a crap bill, but he knows it's a simple matter of arithmetic. There was no way to get past the Senate filibuster. And you can't do reconciliation in this bill.


Period. They weren't gonna get Democrat votes on this. Just a few. And that's it. Here's Johnson yesterday roasting the liberals on this, check this out. Noon on Friday. They said, quote, Republicans have decided to introduce a partisan continuing resolution that threatens to cut funding for healthcare, nutritional assistance, and veterans benefits through the end of the year. Every single word of that is a lie. Every single, they just made it up. They didn't read the bill. It's nonsense. People are not buying this. And you see the contrast between one party, which is leading, moving the ball forward for the American people and the other that is just screaming Weasel flu says, I literally hate, literally, yes, me too, brother.


And Leonardo 7, 6, 1, 3, 1. How do you measure it? By the reaction of your political opponents? The liberals. Yes. So if this was such a horrible thing last night, and I get it, the bill sucks. I've already said this here, period. I'll put a big.here, there in a corner, period. I get it. The question isn't, does it suck? The question is, it's, it's like being in some foreign prison camp in a, in a communist nation. Okay? Be in there sucks. Do you have a plan to get out? No. Well, you complain about it all you want. How the hell are you gonna get outta the prison? That's the problem. You need a plan. Why are the Democrats freaking out and using the word literally?


Why are they freaking out so much if this was such a terrible day? Let me answer the question for you. 'cause what's the point of being here? It's not a pop quiz. I, it's my job at least for the next three days. Gosh, I can't believe it. Three days, man can't believe we're only two shows away from the finale. When the other side starts losing their mind, folks, it usually means we're doing something right here. Let me just lay out for you what they wanted to do. They wanted the Republicans to not have enough Republican votes to pass this thing. They wanted the government to shut down the Democrats. I thought they had hated shutdowns. No, they wanted it because they wanted to say, look at these idiots.


They just got into office. They have all three of the, they have the court system, they have the executive branch, they have the house, they have the Senate, and they can't even pass a spending bill. That was gonna be their message. I'm not telling you what's right. And they wanted us to look, look like the chaos party because they understood they could do that. They're stunned now that Speaker Johnson has now whipped two votes on reconciliation, which has started and this, and there's been no chaos at all. Only Massey who again, I'm not mad at the guy at all. What have you mad at? The guy for his message is right cut spending. It's just the tactics I disagree with. I can't believe how many people are in my, in my, in my chat and the Facebook messages.


Yeah, you suck mass. Great. What's your plan? I don't have one. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Cool. Here's, this is great. This is a representative, was her name Melanie Stansberry. This is a lady who I love how they attack me for a foul language and stuff. This lady is, is another using foul language all the time and others. So that's kind of hilarious. They only seem to be selective on that. But here's a Democrat rep basically losing it over to cr and she gives away the battle plan. I told you yesterday, and does it inadvertently, she exaggerates, of course they're gonna cut firefighters and veterans. She's of course making that up. That's not the target at all.


There are gonna be some people in government who are gonna be separated from jobs. Okay? We don't have the money to pay all these people anymore. We just don't. But listen to her exaggerate, but she actually gives away the plan. I told you yesterday, she's not wrong in her premise that Republicans wanna move on to the reconciliation bill to get a hold of the outta control federal budget, which is exactly what I told you yesterday. And she thinks it's a win for her. Check this out. Thank you Mr. Speaker. Sometimes when I'm standing in this chamber, I literally cannot believe my ears. And I have to say that today is one of those days because as we stand here on the floor today, I am hearing members of the other side of the aisle who said they would never vote for a continuing resolution.


That they would never vote to raise the debt. That they would never vote for a bill that extends the debt ceiling. Say that we have to pass this bill. And so I literally cannot believe my ears today because the GOP today is here with a great American bait and switch. So let me explain to you what exactly is going on. Donald Trump spent the weekend calling our colleagues across the aisle, asking them to keep the government open until the end of the fiscal year so that they can get on with their real agenda. And you all know what the real agenda is.


The real agenda is that they're dismantling the federal government. They're firing tens of thousands of federal workers, teachers, firefighters, veterans, military members of our community who are in crisis right now. And they are illegally impounding funds. And meanwhile, my Republican colleagues who said they would never vote for anything like this are saying that they're going to vote for it because on the side, Donald Trump is winking at them and his people are telling them, don't worry if you pass this bill, we're gonna continue to do all of that illegal activity. Okay? Obviously, she is exaggerating grotesquely.


It's not illegal activity for the executive branch to manage the executive branch and engage in force reductions by, by, by discontinuing job positions we can't afford illegal. Really? What are you gonna impeach 'em again for the 72nd time? Okay, she's just making that up. Of course, they're acting like they care about firefighters and veterans when they've been the guns and butter approach. They've been cutting the guns forever Democrats and actually sating our military with woke crap. So please, representative Stansberry, stop pretending you guys all of a sudden care about spending and all this other stuff and firefighters, please stop.


Okay? Public safety is not exactly your strong point. You can, you can put that stuff back in the file drawer, but did you see how when you get past the hyperbole and exaggeration, she tells you exactly what I told you yesterday, which is why I said to you, this is not the fight right now. She's saying they wanna just get rid of this thing for a few months so they can move on to reconciliation, where they can start to lean out government. She just told you, if you're watching VOD video on demand later on, it's live now. Just rewind, rewind and listen again. Put the hyperbole filter on and you'll see, wow, Dan was right.


The Democrats are now admitting that that's the plan, which is what I told you it was. So if your goal, whether it's Massey or anyone in the House Freedom Caucus, and they were, they were on board with this strategy is to lean out government, then the way to Do it is to get past the filibuster. And the way to do that is to use reconciliation, which is not this bill, it's the reconciliation bill, which they're working on, which they already had the votes to get started. Guys, I'm just the, I hate to sound silly here, but this is just kind of the straight talk show really. I'm not trying to, what was that? I'm not trying to steal lines from like John McCain or remember.


He is a straight talk express or whatever it was. I, I actually mean it. I'm not happy about it either. But we are in a divided political country. That's just the hard reality. We have got to do the hard work of politics, of convincing 55% of the American people, which may be enough to get us past the filibuster in the Senate in a midterm election at some point that we are the right pathway forward. That's hard work. We can't just force it down people's throats. We just don't have the votes right now in this bill. This was a huge, huge topic yesterday.


Congressman Chip Roy fired back yesterday too. A couple literallys in here too. Literally, you'll see, here's Congressman Chip Roy going after Congresswoman Stansberry and others laughing at the fact that now the Democrats are pretending they care about spending restraint and crs, which is the peak of epoxy, they love CRS continuing resolutions because they just keep government spending going, which side is it? Check this out, gentlemen from Texas is recognized for two minutes. Well, I appreciate the sudden religion. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have found on spending restraint and the need to cut spending. I look forward to all the proposals that my colleagues will put forward on reducing significant amounts of spending and waste fraud and abuse.


And I'll look for that press conference. They'll no doubt have sometime this week. I would also note that when we talk about continuing resolutions, what my colleague just failed to mention was the fact that literally every single Democrat voted for the CR that we just had in December. Like literally every single Democrat except for one who I think maybe took a present vote. The fact of the matter is, has nothing to do with that. The fact of the matter is for those of us who do not like CRS as a general principle, the fact is because Democrats literally wouldn't pass an appropriations bill out of the Senate. We're left doing the cleanup work of trying to figure out how to move forward while we have an administration that isn't at war with its own people, when the previous administration was blatantly disregarding the wellbeing of the American people to have wide open borders, letting fentanyl and letting all manners of evil come into our country.


Yes, he's not wrong. I had to stop the chat here for a second on, well, on my phone, not permanently, Sean, New York, Appleseed. I love you, brother, but he says Massey is right. No more spending. I I can we all in the in the chat say, Sean, we agree. No more excessive spending. But again, you are committing the cardinal sin of the chat on this show. You're stating a position without a plan to win the game. I wanna win the game. How? I don't know, but I wanna win. I get it. Sean, love you, brother. Thank you for the comment. I'm not singling you out. Everybody applaud him. Massey is right.


No more red ink. How do you get there? Sean? Tell me how you're gonna get the votes and if, if your plan is like the gentleman who insulted me on Facebook, which is okay, we like to send, said, I just wanna keep it shut down forever. Okay? That's your plan. I disagree with it. I think we actually just elected Donald Trump to fix the government not to just completely ignore it for four years and then we're stuck with the same mess. Let's be honest, you can't shut the government down for four years. You just can't. It's not practical. It's not a real plan.


Sean, love you, man. Don't mean that. Again, I'm not trying to get on you. I love everyone in the chat. I, all I'm asking for is straight talk from you two. You know, I take a big risk on this show and have for years going out on a limb with topics. I know we're gonna alienate some of your audience, but I'm not gonna be the New York Times that in order to cater to their subscriber base says, Hey, Donald Trump colluded with the Russians when they knew it, what they had to know. That wasn't true. I'm not gonna do that. You guys deserve some integrity in the message, even in the last three shows. You're not here for, you know, bullshit. Okay, I, this is a political opinion show and you deserve my honest opinion, not some fake opinion.


So I can cater to everyone. It's phony. I need a plan. Alright, quick break here.


Hey, you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020 shelves were bare online. Options were wiped out. I do well, there's a company in Idaho hoping to make sure that never happens again. It's called ammo squared. Ammo squared. They've been helping over 80,000 members get their ammo automatically since 2015. Here's how it works. You sign up, pick your ammunition from over 70 different calibers, set up an auto buy budget and choose a shipping trigger over time. Your ammunition accumulates and is stored for free in ammo squares, climate controlled warehouse. Until you're ready to ship. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect for small budgets or anyone who wants to build up their ammunition holdings without spending thousands or hundreds of dollars up front. Choose from over 70 calibers of ammo. Set your budget and let ammo square do the rest. Ammo squared is the smarter way to stockpile your ammunition. Set it and forget it. Ship it when you need it. It's the easiest way to stay prepared without the hassle. Head to ammo squared.com and take the work outta buying ammunition. 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. Can't be wrong. That's ammo squared.com. Check them out today, must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo. Must be 21 for handgun ammunition.


Sorry, excuse me. I should have hit the cough button thing there. Now that we have it, and our second sponsor here, genus sell.


Genus Sell Skincare would like to celebrate and thank all of the lawyer listeners of The Dan Bongino Show with an incredible sale right now. Go to genus sell.com/dan. Take advantage of the complete package with six genus Sell top sellers for over 70% off genus cells. Complete skincare package features the genus cell under eye bags and puffiness serum dark spot corrector and immediate effects for results in minutes. If you don't see results you don't pay. It's that easy. Genus cells, my wife's Paula's, go-to skincare, the official skincare, the Bonino Army Genus Cells Pro product. As proud to have supported Dan Bongino Show since all the way back in 2018. True for over 25 years and millions of orders shipped. Genus cell products have the same philosophy. Antioxidants the same base, and the same chef in the kitchen. Go to genu sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan. Every order includes their bestselling eyelid lift for droopy eyelid. Six genu sell top sellers all for 70% off express shipping's also free. Order now. Don't wait. As a special Thank you to all my listeners, enter special code Dan a checkout for an ES extra discount. G-E-N-U-C l.com/dan genus sell.com/dan.


Producer Jim, what is that called? What we just did? Oh, an an ad and really, yes, it's a new business model, correct? Brand new, brand new. No one's ever done that before. Nobody that day. Jim's been in the business a while. We in Jim, we invented that, right? Yeah, you did. We did. I'm so creative. You know how Elon sends rockets to space and reinvented the car market? We invented this entire thing called written spots. The media just figured that out there. They should be impressed, right? Jim? Folks, if you don't sense the sarcasm, again, you may be that guy, a Ziglar man yesterday, or Zigman for whatever his name was yesterday, who just figured that out.


He was stunned. Alright, so moving on from the cr 'cause a lot of stuff happened yesterday. Major updates on what's going on with tariffs. Tariffs, which are folks, they are taxes at the border. That's what a tariff is. Again, I'm just gonna straight talk with you, okay? However, we do have to raise money for the federal Fisk. We have our military to support in a court system. In my humble opinion, and I think in many others, we should raise the least amount of money possible to fulfill the constitutional roles of government. There should be no extra coming out of American's pockets. So if we are gonna use tariffs to offset a number of tax cuts and then cut more and get down to a more reasonable tax base, which is excessively high now, then yes, it could be an effective tool.


They do, they start a tariff war. There is a possibility if you're not escalating to deescalate that it could get outta control. So we'll see what happens. I'm gonna get to that in a second, but I gotta a Ukraine update here too. The ceasefire is now on the table, and although I don't accuse everybody out there of, of, you know, or, or throw out this four D chest thing all the time, just get to the point. I think Donald Trump has a huge win on the table here. He now has an acceptable ceasefire to Ukraine out there. And I'll play Secretary Rubio's clip in a minute. He now has Russia in a corner because Vladimir Putin for, I don't care what anyone's telling you folks, Vladimir Putin is not our friend.


I get that period. However, if Vladimir Putin has been taking a lot of losses too, this has not been a terrific outcome. Russia has a, a sliver of the territory in Ukraine. They've wanted, considering all the losses they've taken to personnel, to military equipment. Russia's getting hurt here too. I don't care what they tell you. So Donald Trump now, president Trump now has him in a corner. So does Rubio. 'cause if Ukraine says, we'll accept this 30 day ceasefire, and Russia breaks it, it gives Donald Trump an excuse to then re-arm Ukraine and let them continue to escalate, take a toll on Putin until he comes back to the table for a potentially worse deal. Here's Secretary Rubio on Ukraine, accepting the terms of a 30 day ceasefire.


Check this out. Today we made an offer that the Ukrainians have accepted, which is to enter into a ceasefire and into immediate negotiations, to end this conflict in a way that's enduring and sustainable and accounts for their interests, their security, their ability to prosper as a nation. I, I wanna personally thank, we both want to thank the kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Majesty for hosting us, for making this possible. They've been instrumental in this process and we're very grateful to them for hosting us here today. And, you know, hopefully, we'll, we will take this offer outta of the Russians and we hope that they'll say yes, that they'll say yes to peace. The ball's now in their court. And You see what he did here. The secretary that was NSA Mike Waltz and President Trump, Vladimir Putin now understands that Donald Trump, if he said it himself, I mean, he's already said it in a true social post.


I'm not speaking for him. I've not discussed the matter with him at all. I'm just reading his true social posts, which he's been candid and open about. He has already said, if Vladimir Putin does not take this deal, basically we're gonna make this painful. There's not gonna be American boots on the ground, but there damn well is gonna be American military equipment. And if you want this thing to go on and become Russia's new Afghanistan, which is has caused us trouble too, the straight talk on it. But Russia was forced to leave Afghanistan in a humiliating manner. We weren't the only ones with under Joe Biden's era to, you know, take some, take losses in Afghanistan and leave the Russians had to as well.


If you wanna stay in Ukraine forever and continue to just destroy your military, I say decimate. But this lady, or decimate, no, I know what it means. You go look it up and the dictionary anyway, but take, just have your military destroyed, fine. But now he's forcing this tactically, he's forcing this into Putin's corner on the foreign policy front too, with the terrorists. So this happened yesterday. This is a big mistake. Ontario premier, Doug Ford. I I, I get it. Listen, I, again, I try to give you both sides of the story. I understand he's obviously Canadian. He's the premier in Ontario, and he's gonna defend his people and he's gonna try to, you know, puff his chest and engage in bravado.


The problem I have with that is tactically speaking, pulling myself out of it completely. If I'm a foreign leader, dealing with a far more powerful country, militarily, and also it's not a reflection of human beings or, you know, everyone's a child of God, I get it. But we are a more powerful country, militarily and economically. It's just a fact. Bowen up to Donald Trump is just a really bad idea. So watch this. This is a story in three, three in three chapters here. Here's chapter one, Ontario Premier, Doug Ford warning and getting after Donald Trump, the US escalates, he'll shut off electricity completely. That's sir, I'm just telling you, I get it.


You're trying to take the edge off this thing, but that's a dumb idea. Check this out. Let me be clear. I will not hesitate to increase this charge if necessary. If the United States escalates, I will not hesitate to shut the electricity off completely. Believe me, when I say I do not wanna do this, I feel terrible for the American people because it's not the American people who started this trade war. It's one person who's responsible. That's President Trump Guys. He's doing, here's my problem with it, is the tactics of it are silly chest puffing around Donald Trump is a really, really stupid idea.


It just is as a matter of pure tactics. Forget the morals and ethics of it. Second, he's doing this thing, Thomas Soul calls starting the story in the middle. He's pretending that Canada does not have a history of dairy tariffs and other tariffs against the United States, which have caused real problems for American markets based on this. We're all in the same hemisphere. He's pretending that didn't happen. He's acting like, oh, they're innocent victims. And Donald Trump just randomly pulled this out of his caboose. So here's Donald Trump responding on true social of you. I mean, this is the most predictable response ever. You mess with Trump, he's gonna fight back harder and he's got the power to Do it.


Based on Ontario, Canada's 25% tariff on electricity. I'm adding an additional 25% tariff to 50% on steel and aluminum coming from Canada. I mean, you had to know that was gonna happen. That's just as chapter two. Here is the finale of this three chapter book here on why not to puff up the Donald Trump. Here's a Fox report on Ontario, Ontario Premier Doug Ford after the true social post. Check this out. Well, Things change, don't they? Ontario premier Doug Ford up in Canada has decided he's not going to tax the United States residents in electrical users. 25%. He had a conversation with our commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick, and they both decided it would be in the best interest of both countries.


Not for Ford to do that. As I said, it's just a silly tactical move. I understand. I don't get mad at politicians, even from other countries. I get what he's gotta do. He's gotta go out there and say, I'm defending my fine. Donald Trump will do the same thing. The problem is, it's asymmetric economic warfare. And as a matter of pure tactics, you saw what happened with Zelensky. He doesn't like it and he will respond. These guys are funny.


We're putting the show together today and sometimes we have random elements we like, but I'm gonna be straight with you. We have a tough time fitting him into, I like to tell these kinda longitudinal narratives in the show where everything builds on. The other one, we had nowhere to really put this stuff. So these guys called it assorted, F-A-F-O-I told Produce Jim, it made me think of that show Jeopardy, that category pop. They just throw everything in one column. So that's coming up next. You'll one of my favorite clips. I picked this one VA secretary, Doug Collins, just destroying this reporter who wrote this nasty fake headline. You gotta see this. You wanna talk about killing him with kindness. This is just delicious.


Coming up next last break.


You've all heard me talk about arm colostrum By now, it's one of the best kept secrets of industry insiders for a while, armor Colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely transformational benefits. Me included tens of thousands of five star reviews and life changing stories. I, I use it twice a day. I love the product. Been using it for a while before they sponsored the show. Armor Colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health. For thousands of research back health benefits, armor colostrum can strengthen immunity and gut health, improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. Look at that skin and hair radiance. We worked out, we worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arma.com/dan or enter code Dan to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra. Try arm.com/dan. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FD. They are not attended, diagnose, treat, cure, preventative disease or condition. And they're not a substitute or alternative to seeking care from your healthcare provider.


And our last sponsor today,


I've had my Helix mattress for several years now. I got another one coming. Right? Michael? Michael, correct. I was asking him for some help. We're still the relocation process folks happened quick. So I definitely noticed how great I'm sleeping. I've had Helix mattresses for about 10 years now. Helix is an award-winning mattress brand. It's been the essential reason I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to tackle the new day. No more tossing and turning. If you're dealing with snoring, sleep apnea, back pain, or even if you sleep too hot, Helix has a mattress option for you, H-E-L-I-X. Go to Helix sleep.com/dan and get started. You'll know a good night's sleep. It's one of the best ways to get a better quality of life. You know, that and Helix Mattress can help figure out which mattress will work for you. I have a pretty hectic schedule. I always look forward to my Helix mattress. So many of my listeners are sleeping on Helix now. It's making a difference in their lives. Right now. Get Helix is best offer available exclusive for my listeners. 20% off site ride sitewide. That's right. Just, just visit Helix sleep.com/dan. 20% off sitewide Helix sleep.com/dan.


Okay, you ready? This is my favorite clip of the day. This was my personal Dan Bonino numero uno, my triage of important clips. This is VA secretary Doug Collins, a very good guy. He's been a friend of ours for a very long time. Here he is talking to a reporter about a fake headline meant to scare veterans. And I want you to watch the reporter more, more carefully. Let me say it precisely. I want you to listen to the reporter stumble over her own response because she essentially knows she's caught and they basically kind of like fabricated a headline. Check this out. I Have. Okay. But you think about what it says here. Elon Musk Aid is now working at VA accessing computer systems.


Ooh. And that, I mean, that's, that's a true statement. No, it's because, you know what? We don't make 'em look, we don't make a a a a Doge employee, which is funny 'cause they're VA employees a liaison. We don't also give 'em a payment. I was not told that we don't give, I was not told The article, But you wrote The Article. The article told that it was a Doge employee, one Doge employee. As we look at this, Patricia, I want you to know something. When you look at this headline and you accessing computer system, I wanna work with you a lot as we go forward, okay? We're gonna have a lot of time together, that's Fair. But I'm not gonna have any reporter scaring my employees and scaring phone scaring the veterans. And that's what this is doing. Let's get it right.


I'm on, I I'm the most transparent VA secretary we've had yet. I'm on video, I'm on interviews. I do everything I possibly can to push back against everything. I'm here. So we got a team that will help you, but I need your commitment to help me too. Okay, Folks, that I, I, that's how it's done. You see the, the, I don't wanna say the panic, I don't wanna be dramatic in the reporter's voice, but the anxiety, can you sense it? 'cause she understands the story they wrote was ridiculous and they have no basis for it about Doge and the va. It's just meant to freak people out. That is exactly how it's done. And my recommendation to you is, if you ever become an activist, a government employee, bureaucrat, I don't mean that in a, in a, in a bad way.


We, you know, but you ever work as a messaging person in a company that that's the way you address that stuff. You notice when I had, when I had the Young Turks, he was on what was, what's his name again? Jen. Yeah. Sorry. I didn't, no disrespect intended. When we had 'em on the interview, a lot of people were mad at me. They were, I got a lot of negative comments on the show. He said, Dan, that debate I was expecting fire and brimstone. Well, what, what do I, I was, it was a debate. I wasn't, you know, if you're gonna have someone on the show, that's the way to Do it. The debate ideas kind of calmly back and forth. That's how you Do it.


Good job, secretary Collins. Here's Caroline Levitt. She's been excellent as the press secretary too, an AP reporter. Listen, he's making, he's making a case here. I'm not gonna dismiss outta hand. I've told you tariffs are taxes. But what the AP reporter is ignoring in the question, and what Caroline Levitt addresses here is that Donald Trump has a massive tax cut plan in the reconciliation bill that on net is going to lower taxes for the American people dramatically. The AP reporter is leaving that part out. He's starting the story in the middle. Caroline Levitt has to correct him here. Check this out.


If we could just step back for a second. When President Trump last addressed the BRT, when he was on the campaign trail, his big push was on tax cuts. He's going there today as he's proposing tax hikes in the form of tariff. Not true, and I'm curious, He's not doing that. But Why he's prioritizing that over the tax cuts, he's Actually not implementing tax hikes. Tariffs are a tax hike on foreign countries that, again, have been ripping us off. Tariffs are a tax cut for the American people, and the president is a staunch advocate of tax cuts. As you know, he campaigned on ta, no taxes on tips, no taxes on overtime, no taxes on social security benefits. He is committed to all three of those things, and he expects Congress to pass them later this year.


I'm sorry, have you ever paid a tariff? Because I have. That's it. They don't get charged on foreign companies. They get charged on the importers. And ultimately, when we have fair and balanced trade, which the American people have not seen in decades, as I said at the beginning, revenues will stay here, wages will go up, and our country will be made wealthy again. And I think, think it's insulting that you are trying to test my knowledge of economics and the the decisions that this president has made. I'm now regret giving a question to the Associated Press. Mary, go ahead. Okay, love that. Who's texting me? They're making two separate arguments here.


Notice how he starts the story in the middle. He focuses solely on the tariff component. I'll give you a better example. He's saying, Hey, a tariff is attacks. Okay? He's not wrong. Caroline Levitt's making a separate argument that Donald Trump came in and he's going to rewrite how we tax people, but he's gonna lower the amount you pay on net. So it'd be like this, it'd be like saying, listen, you guys are imposing, say, a property tax. I'm just throwing out random tax out there in the market. Wow, you're raising our taxes. And then the exact same politician says, yeah, but we're doing the property tax in lieu of an income and capital gains tax, which we're gonna wipe out. So you're actually gonna pay lesser taxes on the property than you would on your income and capital gains.


You got a tax cut. They're making two separate arguments. I'm not, will I, I'm not, I'm not gonna lie. Yes, a tariff is a tax, there's no question about it. But he's not doing it. In addition to what you have now, he's doing it in an effort to generate some funds. So in the reconciliation bill, they can cut taxes. So just be honest about it. There's no harm and honesty. This is the kind of honesty. However, though, that is even more refreshing when, when people in the government who don't want accountability, which is not what I'm about. Say the quiet part out loud. Here's a federal employee says it's frightening. They have to respond to an email and what she accomplished at work.


Frightening. Have you all in the chat ever done that? You ever got an email at work? Oh, some of you are getting them daily. Check this out. When you wake up or when you're on your weekend and you get the fork in the road message, or you get the subsequent five bullets, Hey, what the hell did you do, you lazy federal worker this week? How frightening is it that someone on X, the owner of x, speaks to you directly to say, what did you do last week at work? And if you don't answer, I am going to fire you.


But even more egregious, the president comes out, the most powerful person in the land and endorses that message. How do you think that makes federal workers feel? Guys, this is not a winning message, okay? You wanna say, if you wanna make the case to the American people, your tax dollars are being well spent in my department because I am whatever, a, a milk inspector in the local area, and your milk is safe because of me, or whatever it may be. Then make the case, make the case complaining endlessly and whining about how frightening it is to get an accountability email at work that doesn't ask you for a detailed treatise or a freaking PhD dissertation under your job, but says, simply tell us five things you've done this week is a loser.


By the way, Gee hates this story. I don't, I can't talk about this story enough because it is such an example of this two-tiered system we have. I I I, I remember my last line of work. If you had asked me five things I did that week, I could tell you five things I did in the last 10 minutes. Sometimes this is a loser. They do not want to find fraud. By the way, producer Jim, there is a Scott Jennings clip out there. We gotta get for tomorrow's show. He ha he esca. He's in this back and forth with, I forget the CNN host. We, we've seen her before, but he's making the case to her that if Elon has committed to finding a trillion dollars in fraud, granted that's a big number.


Why not support the effort? I don't understand why you wouldn't support that ever. This is really the case you're gonna make to the American people who are busting their asses to pay the government 40 to 50% of their money when you factor in taxing at all levels in some liberal states, this is a loser argument. And that's why you're getting people like Elizabeth Warren engaging in these really ridiculous rants on Elon. They don't want you to know how inefficient the government is 'cause they're afraid it is gonna break up. Their government is a benevolent force in your life argument. Check this one out, Elizabeth Warren on Elon. You'll see exactly what I'm talking about.


You know, the way I see this is, Elon, you better keep hiding behind those bags of money because we know in America who really stands up for people, and that's Mark Kelly. This is Elon and Donald at their best. What they want more than anything else is they want everyone to bend the knee. They want everyone to bow down to them. They want everyone to say yes, yes, you are right. And what's happening now with Mark Kelly, with Bernie, with me, but with people all across this country, regardless who they voted for, people across this country saying, we don't want a king.


We are not bending our knee to Elon Musk or to Donald Trump. Now, why did we play this clip? If you're a P one, you'll figure it out quickly, especially from Elizabeth Warren. I want you to kind of rewind the tape if you're on VOD here and play that again. She says, at one point, you know you're gonna pretend you get everything right and all he, he, he said the opposite. When Elon was in the Oval Office with President Trump, he specifically said, we are gonna get things wrong. Is that the language of, what did she say? A king. He specifically said, we are gonna get some things wrong. He apologized for things as well.


He said, we got that wrong. He said the exact opposite. This isn't reality, but Avitas show today. Don't forget Avitas show rumble.com/avita, and then Haley's show coming up at 6:00 PM Thank you. Did we have 10,000 last night on Haley's show? We did. Rumble.com/haley, two Y-H-A-Y-L-E-Y. Thank you for supporting the show and always support Avitas show as well. We love Avitas show rumble.com/avita. Thank you, Michael, for the reminder. Here's Mark Kelly on Elon Musk. Another ridiculous argument. They don't want you to see fraud in the government because it's gonna shake up their argument that government's a benevolent force in your life immune to fraud.


That's why they want the fraud. Here's Mark Kelly, Senator from Arizona. Elon Musk's, obviously not a serious guy, fellas outside of the space missions, the electric cars, the billions of dollars in wealth created in jobs. Yes, you're correct. He's definitely not a serious guy. Check this out. You Make those Elon Musk comments call you Twitter about me? Yeah, well, he's not a, obviously he's not a serious guy. He's like a 12-year-old, so I don't take it seriously. And I served our country in the Navy for 25 years. When I was 22 years old, I swore an oath to defend the constitution. I've lived that oath my entire life. I'm not sure if Elon has sworn an oath to anything.


I was to guess, probably just billionaires like themselves. You know, I'm gonna take back something I said earlier in the show. I said, the VA secretary Doug Collins was my favorite clip. You guys know where I'm going with this. I'm not exactly sure I can say that. This one may be as good. So you can't have two favorites. They may be co-equals in this situation, which defeats the word favorite. This may be the last time I get to mention this during our last three shows I have with you, but folks, you know what an extinction burst is? When you put a dollar in a Coke machine, you've heard it a thousand times for me. You get the coke every day. Yeah, this is so great and refreshing, whatever. And then one day you put a dollar in, you're thirsty and it does, nothing comes out.


What do you do? You kick the machine screaming and yelling. That is an extinction burst. The Democrats are used to crapping on people and people backing down when the media pressures them. They don't have that in Elon Musk or Donald Trump, who the more you beat them up, the more they push back. So they're kicking the Coke machine. This may be one of the finest extinction burkes you've ever seen. This is Canadian green party leader. Elizabeth May goes on an absolute tirade against Donald Trump, throws out all of this stuff. The, the, the allusions to nazim, fascism, rape, all this other, so she squeezes it all in. Check this out. We need to have a government that remains solid Team Canada that can say to Donald Trump, go pound sand, or go suck eggs.


Although, as I said, I now realize there's a tariff on sand and they may not be able to afford eggs. Reminds beef his attitude towards women. He's a serial misogynist, sexual abuser rapist. He's in the White House. What does he wanna do? Take Greenland out to buy expensive furniture. Take Greenland into the dressing room. I'm sorry. Every time I hear Trump saying he's gonna get something one way or another of another sovereign nation in my head, I'm here. Yeah, I just grab him by the, I I wouldn't put it past Trump at all. I mean, we've seen Musk interfere in the German elections to support neo-Nazis. Yeah, Gee just said it right? He's talking in my ear. He is like, Dan, do you believe in that short clip? They squeezed every single prior Donald Trump insult that hasn't worked for the last 10 years there every single, right?


Yeah. Did she kept rushing in there? She did. She, she was like, she had a little checklist like whether we used to call my last job a go by. Like go by, say check, check, check, check. It's working really well for the last 10 years. Why do these far left liberals have this incessant need to insult their voters all the time with this nonsense? Some just insulting them directly. It's like they're taking out their rage on the Coke machine and this extinction burst, but not taking out on the Coke machine, but actually taking it on their own voters. Here's what I mean. This is the Democrats new it politician of the day, Democrat, Senator Alyssa Slotkin. They love her. They think she's a more moderate, it's, she's fake, moderate.


She's gonna be a liberal when they need her. Of course, they always vote in lockstep. But here's Senator Slotkin again, attacking the American voter, comparing them to adolescent outta control hormone raging. Teenagers not realizing these are her actual voters in the state of Michigan. They can't control themselves. Remember the extinction burst. Once you see it, you'll never unsee it. Check this out. Right? I think there's a feeling in the country. Yeah. And ial often say this, you know, we're, we're about to turn 250 years old, right? We're still pretty young for a country. These are our like, like our angry teenage years, right? We are going through this push and pull where we're happy, we're sad, we want this, we want that.


And what do you do when you have a teenager who's threatening themselves and others? You just try to get 'em through this period alive so that their brain can fully form and you can come back to kind of what the, what A country. You talking about Trump? No, I'm talking about our country. We're pendulum swinging. We're a lumm swinging. And so for me, I think that this, I don't think there's a single American who feels like this is normal. I, I, I don't, I really genuinely do not understand this impulse on the left that constantly insult their own voters as a way to get voters to go over to their side of the aisle. Do you notice Donald Trump went to the Bronx and other areas that have traditionally voted against him because he wanted to convince people he was a better candidate.


I'm not really sure how your new moderate it politician for the minute, how this helps. Gee, will not let me get off the air today too without addressing this story. 'cause it's happening again, folks that I not call it call what I told you, you can go back and listen to the shows. Michelle Obama was not running for president. So of course the rumors are starting again, a, b, C News, Michelle Obama to grapple with life's biggest questions in her new podcast. Everybody's got a podcast, everybody's got a podcast. He said, I'm glad, I'm proud to say we were one of the originals. People laughed when we said we were starting a podcast. What the hell's a podcast? That was 10 years ago in 2015. Look, now everybody's got one.


There's talks she may run. Now I'm gonna throw a little curve ball here. I was, I was absolutely crystal clear. She was not gonna run in 2024. I'm gonna say this, she hated politics. Everybody around her knew it. Her staff used to talk about it all the time. She wanted nothing to do with dc She didn't like politics, she hated it. However, the possibility of her running in the future, I don't know what's going on in their personal life. I'm not speaking outta, I don't, I don't keep it. I mean, we're not friends or anything like that. There is a possibility she could run in the future and that's big for me to say. That's huge for me to say. Possibility. It's a small one. There was no possibility in 2024 and I was right. I am gonna open that window though.


It is a possibility in the future. She may, there may, you know, she may figure out that this is a pathway for her to stay in the public eye if things aren't, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Folks, make sure you check out Hailey's show later. rumble.com/haley, 6:00 PM Eastern Time. Really appreciate it. Vince will be launching next week with our new show, Vince. It'll be at 10:00 AM You don't wanna miss that here on the Rumble channel here and we always have a Vita's show in the morning at nine rumble.com/ata e vta. It's been a huge hit. People love it. Thank you to the Bonino crew out there. You guys are the best for supporting us.


We really appreciate it. Two more shows left folks. Two more left. I'm gonna tell you each one hurts a little bit. More Really. I'll see you on the radio show here in a little bit, and back here for our second to last show tomorrow. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.