
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome To Sunday podcast. This is our chance to play for you some of the best moments from the radio show and some great interviews during the week that you may have missed. If you ever want to check out our show, go to bonino.com, go to Station Finder and see what radio station we're on near you. You'll love it. I promise you. We put a lot of work into the radio show. Check it


out. But before that, lemme tell you about our first sponsor. You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Beams Dream powder. Don't feel tired the next day. Ruin your whole life. Can't perform physically. You get brain fog. No good try. Beams Dream powder. I took it last night. It's a science backed nighttime blend for sleep, clinically shown to help improve sleep and help you wake up feeling refreshed like I do today. They sent me something to try. It's been a game changer for me now as I look ahead to 2025. I need to keep the momentum going. Shows growing. Got a lot going on. Dream's. Part of my nightly routine makes a big difference. Why 'cause other sleep aids? Cause the next day Grogginess Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-Theanine, apigenin, which I love and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed the ultimate Sleep refresh for the new year. Try beam's bestselling dream powder and get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off


first up today. I don wanna waste any time. We spent some time with President Trump in one of our best interviews with him, yet we covered a lot of material in a short time. Check this out. Alright, welcoming back to the show. A very special guest, a great friend, a great patriot, and thankfully coming Monday, our next president, president Donald J. Trump. Welcome back to the show. Hello, Dan. We are friends. Are we? Huh? When you think about it. Good friends. Yeah, you're a good man. You've always been good to me and my family. I will never forget that. Outside of the politics and you being the change we need, you've always been a good man and that means a lot to me. Mr. President, you will be taken over shortly.


Thank the Lord. However, president Biden is claiming ridiculously that he's looking for a smooth transition. But out the door, he's suing Elon Musk, taking Cuba off the terrorism list, shoveling our money out the door, changing the line of succession to basically screw you over and destroying our capability to drill offshore for oil and gas. We need Mr. President, this is not a smooth transition. He's trying to hurt you as you get into office. There's no doubt about that. It's one Hundred percent right. And it started right from the beginning and it's a disgrace. What's happening. And if you take a look, 635,000 acres, you know what that is? It's half the ocean.


Take a look at it. He took it off. It's probably $60 trillion worth of value. That's more than double the debt that we own. And he takes it off the value, just writes it off. It's like you write it off. But we're gonna be redoing these things as soon as I get in and literally on the day that I get in, we're gonna be having executive orders that's gonna reverse most of it. And whatever we can't reverse, we're going to court. We're gonna win 'em all in court very easily, quickly. Good. Good, good. That's great to hear. Talking to president, Making the transition. Absolutely. D he's making everything so difficult. He's been a, a terrible president. I read your statements every week where you go the worst president in the history of our country.


And he really is. He's the worst president in the history of the country. And he is always talking about a smooth transition. And then he goes out and wipes out 635 million, think of it, 635 million acres. It's like, I wanna do a plot, a plot map. It's gotta be, it is gotta be the whole ocean. He's just, they're very bad people. They're very evil people Dan. Very sad. Yeah, they're, and the weaponization that he did, and it probably worked out to my advantage, but the weaponization that he did with Jack Smith, a deranged human being, the weaponization he did should never happen to this country again.


Yeah, I, I agree with you. I think that is one of many reasons you got elected, but the weaponization was, was revolting to many Americans. My second question, Mr. President, big huge news yesterday about this proposed Israel Hamas deal. Listen, it's clear that the Biden team was ready to capitulate to basically all of Hamas' demands. Biden was basically negotiating for Hamas against Israel. Did your team make clear in the, to the terrorist Hamas that this is the best deal they were gonna get? That it was only gonna get worse from here when you take office on Monday. And basically if they didn't accept the release of some of these hostages and stop demanding to remain in control, that they were gonna be wiped out. 'cause there's no deal without you winning the election.


That that's a fact. If we weren't involved in this deal, the deal would've never happened. No deal would've happened and the hostages would never have probably seen life again. But they certainly wouldn't have been released for a long time. No, we, we changed the course of it and we changed it fast. And frankly, it better be done before I take the oath of office. And I assume it is now, you know, we shook hands and we signed certain documents, but it better be done. But no, and and it was so ungracious of Biden to say, oh, he did it. He didn't do anything. If I didn't do this, if we didn't get involved, the hostages would never be out. They would've never come out very much like the Jimmy Carter situation with Reagan.


Well, well, Mr. President, your team has actual proof of this from Biden's own mouth. He's not that bright. He gives his speech yesterday, Mr. President Biden. And he says, this is, these are his exact words. He says, this is the exact framework I've been proposing since May. Okay, so why didn't they agree to it then? Until you won the election? He basically made himself look like an idiot. He said he acknowledged there was no deal without you winning. They wouldn't have done it. And his, and they were never doing it. They would've never done it. And his principal spokesman yesterday said, Thank you to President Trump and the Trump administration. Now he did that because he knew it wouldn't have happened without us. So it's, look, I'm not looking for credit.


I want to get these people out. They've lived like for three years. They've lived like in hell and we gotta get 'em out. And it'll be great when we do. But you know, there are dead people, many dead people that October 7th tragedy would've never happened if I were President Dan would've never happened. No chance. Yeah. Yeah. I've said that on the air many times. I I I believe Joe Biden's weakness led to Ukraine, led to China's sable, sable rattling and all of this stuff. Mr. President Americans voted for you the third straight time there, right? Three for three. You're right about That. Dan. Third, third time. You're right. Thank you. It's not like meatloaf. Two outta three ain't bad.


But Americans are expecting shock and awe to repair the really unmanageable damage. Unimaginable damage from the Biden years. This guy has been a forest fire for America. I think the momentum is there for what you would call one big beautiful reconciliation Bill. And, and lemme just explain in 10 seconds or less why you've got the momentum now the country's behind you. Even though we have a slim margin in the house, it's one big cause we can all get behind when we can fix the border, the defense industry, our national defense, the tax policy, we can Do it all. The momentum is there. Have you changed your mind on that? Are you committed to one bill or maybe two separate bills? Well, I really think You can do it either way.


The end result is gonna be the same or should be the same. But I actually think the one big bill, and now it's, it's been, you know, helped. And I have to say that unfortunately helped, but it's been sort of pushed along by what's happening in Los Angeles. The worst tragedy. I mean, it's not even, I know 30 people who've lost their homes. These are welled do people, these are good people. They work hard. They're, you know, very respected people. They've lost their homes. They're walking around. They have no idea what happened. And you know, just before I answer your question, I offered them about seven, six years ago, I offered them millions of gallons of water a day from coming down from up north, you know, Canada and up north, pouring down millions and millions.


And you know, that water comes down and it's, it's sent out into the Pacific with the changing of a big valve like a valve. And you sink but slightly bigger like by a million times with the changing of a valve they would've had. And they still didn't change it. They still, so everything was dry. The sprinklers in the houses were dry. They had nobody, nobody talks about that. The fire hydrants were dry. It's a disgrace. I'd like to see one bill and because of Los Angeles, 'cause that you think that's a Democrat thing. They want that money going. It's so fast because of the Los Angeles. I think the concept of one big beautiful bill has been helped greatly.


You understand what I'm saying there? 'cause they want it so badly. I do. Yeah. And I think you have, you and your, your rallies have become a source of serious political capital and power. If we had one thing, remember nude had the contract with America, Americans will rally behind this. And Mr. President, do you wanna be the one congressman to sync this thing with your, with your true social feed alone? You could end this man or woman's political career. We have the ability right now to do big things. I, I personally think one big bill's a way to go. But obviously you've got team of people Running there. Well, I think a lot Democrat votes too. I think we're gonna get a, if we had a couple of negative Republican votes, I think we're gonna get Democrat votes too. But when you add Los Angeles into it, this is a new thing that two weeks ago we didn't talk about.


If you add Los Angeles into it, then you can really do one big beautiful bill because frankly they want that so badly. They want the money to go out there so badly. And I don't think we should do a bill until Los Angeles is included. And when Los Angeles is included, we get everything we want. Good point. We're talking to President Donald J. Trump, Mr. President, there's unexplained drone incursions in the northeast. An area you're obviously familiar with. Being a New Yorker like me, that tri-state region, they appear to be a pretty major security threat from good sources. I have to the homeland, not all of 'em, but the unexplained ones. A lot of 'em, when you take office next week, Americans are are scared about this.


They're a little anxious and nobody's panicked about it. But it appears we don't have control of our own skies. Can we get an answer to what this is? Who is controlling them? Obviously with a respect for, you know, national secrets. We get that. And what we're doing to control this. It seems like a really big problem. We'll be getting answers fast and there's no reason why they're not giving an answer. I don't know. They must be, they're embarrassed about something or possibly it's us doing it and you know, they want to keep it top secret for whatever reason. But they should certainly have let the people know it's, it's right over my house in New Jersey. You know, the activity's taking place over my over bedminster and areas near Bedminster.


So it's a little weird. But we'll know soon and you'll be one of the first to know Dan. Absolutely. They should let people know you can't do that. And it's not only there, you know, they have it in Virginia. I was talking to Glenn Yen and he said we have a serious drone problem there too, where drones are coming from nowhere. And it's very interesting. It's a very similar problem. So something's going on. We're gonna find out very quickly. It'll be one of the first things I look into. Mr. President, one last question. Your team asked for 15 minutes. I'm gonna respect your time so I'll wrap it up here. You hinted at a recent presser, a story I've been practically obsessed about for a long time. The identity of the infamous January 6th pipe bomber.


It seems bizarre to me that the FBI continues to manipulate the American public about this case. They, the phone records saying they didn't have the phone records, that they were corrupted when the phone company said they weren't corrupted. They have all this video that appears to be manipulated and you seem to hint that they may know the identity of this person. They just don't want you to know. I, I believe that is the case. Can we get an answer between you, Pam Bondy and hopefully Cash Patel on who this person is and have the FBI open the books? 'cause I believe this is a huge scandal and a massive coverup. I think we will, and I think we're gonna find out about Ray Epps and I think we're gonna find out, out about Scaffold Man. You know who Scaffold Man is, right? Yeah, of course. The guy who's screaming to everybody Go into the, go into the building, go into the building.


We're gonna find out who Scaffolded Man is and we're gonna find out some other things. And I think you're gonna be very happy with what I do with respect. I call 'em the J six hostages 'cause I consider 'em hostages. You know, they did a beautiful song and they asked would I do the, the words. The words, not the singing, the words. And I did that song went to number one for so long, it was beating out Taylor Swift. I'm not a fan of Taylor Swift, but that's okay. And everybody else beating, beating them all out for a long time. And it was pretty amazing actually. The song and the whole thing. Those people, they, nobody's ever been treated so badly as those people.


Mr. President, Thank you so much for spending time. Congratulations on a massive political win for reorienting the Republican Party in a better, more effective direction with actual diversity, not the left's version of it. And I hope you have a wonderful time on Monday, America's to breathe in a collective sigh of relief now that you won. Thanks for everything you've done for the country. So we appreciate It and I think you're gonna be very, very happy on Monday. And your audience, which is very large by the way, congratulations, you have a great success. But you're very large audience is gonna be very happy with the things I'm gonna be announcing on Monday. Wow. We're all looking forward to it, Mr. President, you have us Tantalized here. We appreciate it. Thanks for your time, sir.


Appreciate it very much. Thank You very much. Thank you Dan. You got It. There you go folks. Right? How about pretty much nailed it right there. That was everything I wanted to get in. I didn't, I wasn't sure we'd be able to squeeze all those questions in. Let's get to our next sponsor up


next. January's almost over. And so is your chance to save with Helix Mattress while getting the best sleep of your life. You know, after being away on trips, I always look forward to coming home and sleeping in my own bed. I especially look forward to coming home to my Helix mattress and getting back to my regular sleeping patterns. Helix helps me sleep deeply through the night, and it's so vital in my wellbeing. I wake up feeling really rested and refreshed. Helix knows that everyone's unique from the position you sleep in to your body type and Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. And so many of my listeners are upgrading their mattresses with Helix and getting the best sleep of their lives. And right now, Helix has an amazing offer. Go to Helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase. That's Helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with a mattress purchase Helix sleep.com/dan,


we talk with Congressman Tim Burett. He's been all over this UFO UAP thing. We also talked about reconciliation packages, what's going on up on the hill and is there any appetite for spending cuts? Check this out. Try to bring in the best guests. And this gentleman is always, always both entertaining and informative. He's a member of Congress from the wonderful state of Tennessee, one of my favorite places on earth to hang out. We actually spent a lot of time over on Broadway over there, Congressman Tim Burett, welcome back to the show. Hey Dan, Thank you so much for having me on, brother. You know, the number one question I get about media, they ask me What's Dan Bonino really like I say, I say, really?


He's pretty much like he is on the radio. I mean, he is just a regular guy doing an incredible job. And man, people love you in Tennessee, brother can't Thank you enough. Oh, Thank you. Oh, well Thank you. I spent a lot of time there. It's such an amazing state and you're, you know, you, there's been such an influx of people you're having kind of the same issue. Florida's having, let me ask you first, because we just played your amazing clip from CNM with that clown Acosta. I wish more people would do this on the network. Why they don't, I don't know, maybe they're afraid they won't get an invite back or whatever. I'm glad you called him out to his face, but I want you to address the larger problem here with left wing media Congressman, you know, as well as I do, if you go on conservative media, Newsmax, Fox, the Pacino show, it doesn't matter.


And you're constantly lying to constituents. How are you gonna vote on tax cuts that Joe Biden's a Martian, whatever. You're just making up stupid stuff, you know, as well as I do the Tea Party Caucus Freedom Caucus, others are gonna be like, I'm tired of this guy. He's a liar. We just don't tolerate it. I'm not telling you we're perfect, but we don't, there is a small but but really virulent portion of the left, left that enjoys people like Acosta who, you know, have perpetrated every single hoax out there. They seem to really enjoy this stuff. And I'm glad you called them out on the Air Force. Well, Thank you. I I told somebody, it's sort of like a debate. You know, every time I'm on CNN these dreadful people call from generally outside of Tennessee and just berate the, the girls in my office, and I'm telling you, they're not a gutsy bunch.


These liberals try to make some girl cry, let 'em talk to me face to face and we'll see what happens. I'm sick of this stuff. It's, it's time for America to take our dad gum country back. And this is how we Do it. A lot of my conservative friends won't even go on CNN or any of these other jack legs because the, just because they don't, you know, I, I mean, I I don't want softballs man. I want 'em to throw a hard pitch at me and I wanna be able to answer because the conservative cause is right. We spent too much, dad got money, we're stealing it from our grandchildren. The borders are open, rapists are coming in. That is the facts. And any other, and, and when you send a a, a military recruiter, a guy out in a dress to recruit a bunch of red blooded American men and women, you're not gonna get the best and brightest.


And I swear to you, you know, our enemies are laughing at us with that stuff. And they are scared to death because there's a new sheriff in town. His name is Donald Trump Congressman, I'm talking to Congressman Tim Cher from Tennessee. Forgive me. But how, how many, how many terms have, have you been in office? Forgive me, I could look it up, but just easier to ask you. I I'm started my seventh year, so it's the start of my fourth term in Congress. So you You, you've got a decent sample size of how Congress works. I think we could both agree, me having followed politics for a very long time, you being up there up on Capitol Hill, that spending cuts are really, really politically difficult. They shouldn't be, but they are because what happens, the Democrats and their commie loser Acosta friends and the media go, you know, throw in grandma off a cliff.


It doesn't matter what you cut a study about shrimp running on treadmills, they'll be like, you're torturing the shrimp. I'm sensing a real change though. And are you sensing it up on Capitol Hill between Doge and Donald Trump going for it in Trump 2.0 that we may finally start to see actual political momentum, not just to not spend more, but to actually spend less. Are you, are you sensing that and may maybe me from the outside of misreading it, but I certainly am. Well, I don't wanna rain on your parade. I wanna I I I spent 16 years in Nashville in the legislature and in 12 of those years I was in, in the Senate and I was on the finance committee.


And I always remembered, I found this overlapping and as, as government always is of, of spending, and it was, it worked out around $6 million and I passed a bill that saved the taxpayers $6 million. And I always remember a friend of mine who's a democrat sitting beside me, leaned over and said, this is a great bill ett. And I said, thanks. And he said, I know just where I'm gonna spend it. And that's the problem you have with all these guys. Claim they have Doge tattooed on their foreheads. You know, where the hell were they for all the last four years? They were, I tell you where they were. They were in the gravy train line and, and you said something very, very accurate. America has woken up and it's time for them to exert that pressure on their elected officials.


Watch your watch, your congressman and senators, they come home, they go to the Lincoln Day, Reagan day, the MAGA dinners or what have you. They throw out the red meat. Oh, Nancy Pelosi is getting rich off the stock market. Well, she's not even in the top 20 of, of the worst abusers of that, of that system. And, and they, and then, and then they, you reelect them overwhelmingly and then they come back to Washington and they sell your butt down the river. Every dad dadgum time this time. And you know, I'm Marjorie Taylor Green's a dear friend of mine. She and I were talking yesterday and I said, you know, the problem isn't out there. It's not the Democrats. It's gonna be in this dad go meeting and it's among the Republicans.


We're gonna pass a bill. Dan. And I know you didn't ask for this. Sorry, I went to preach and I've had too much mountain business. No, Go, go for it. Go for it, brother. But we're gonna pass a bill probably in the house and it's gonna look, or you know, all these doge cuts and it's gonna look very conservative and it probably is. And then the senate's gonna cut, make their cuts, and guess what? They won't align. And that's what the big boys want. They want a feud. And then we'll pass a big omnibus and we'll just keep on spending. 'cause remember this, a month ago, everybody was talking about drones, drones today. And the drones are still out there. My folks are telling me they're still out there, but today nobody's talking about it.


And the big boys realize that they run out the clock, they get Elon frustrated, he goes off somewhere else and makes a billion dollars or a trillion, whatever he does elsewhere. And there's no more focus on that. And it's back to Washington as usual. I was in a meeting last night and they were talking about we are gonna spend more money at the Pentagon than we ever have. Now imagine that. I keep saying they haven't passed an, the last eight audits, Dan, they won't even complete their audits. They are missing over a half a trillion dollars. That is a battleship that they have lost. And, and nobody's asking. And you know what we're doing?


We're telling those war pimps, you know how we're punishing them. We're sending them billions more dollars than they even ask for. So America, please, we can, and and you know, you understand better than anybody, Dan, but how many, I think during the second World War we had eight four star generals. And now we have how many? We have 44. We have 44 4 star Generals. And we're not in the middle of any war. We have got to start, we gotta think more efficiently. It's not like my daddy's war. Daddy's a Marine, second World War, mama lost her brother fighting the Nazis. My mama flew an airplane during the second World War. My parents were Patriots daddy, first Marine Division, Pelu, Okinawa went to China and fought the communists.


Hey, it, it's not their war anymore. The Japanese are not gonna bomb Pearl Harbor. And then six months later we're gonna start rolling across the Pacific. It's gonna be handled in a matter of of minutes, if not hours, if not days by high tech type maneuvering, probably pilotless planes plane. And that's the way it should go. But currently we're building weapon systems that we will mothball on day one. So is This really depressing How they do what? This is really depressing. I mean, any good news up on Capitol Hill? I mean, I I I, yeah, I'm not asking you to put lipstick on the pig, you know that. I'm just, are we gonna get any spending cuts at all?


Because whereas, you know, congressman, we're talking to Congressman Tim Bertin, we are on a mathematically certain path to de facto bankruptcy there. That's that's a fact. Correct. So if there's not gonna be any spending cuts, correct? Is this just it? I mean, is it, is it over? We're just kind of, you know, throwing water off the Titanic And that's where the listeners that Dan Bonino can, can help us start calling your representatives and and senators now and say, we wanna see real cuts. We don't wanna see you cut it and spend it somewhere else. We're we are gonna, we we're gonna diminish the American dollars where it, we will be a third world country. I'm excited. I think we've got a real opportunity, but I'm not gonna go out and tell people.


I, I told people, I've been telling people for weeks, I said, the victory, you know, get off this goddamn victory parade. Let's get to work. Know, let's get The Gum work. No, I I agree with you a Hundred percent. I, Jim, you know it right after election day, I said, all right, celebrate today. Have yourself a glass of bubbly. If you're a drink, have a jello shot. If you're not without the alcohol, but you know, that's it. Like we, Wednesday morning, it's time to give. I, I hate to tell you, but this is not a perpetual party. We have two years to change the government around. No, we have four. No, we don't, we have two. The presidency's not a four year term. It's two two year terms because there's midterms. We don't forget it. We have two years. I try to tell people this all the time.


We could lose the house of the Senate. I hope we don't, but we could. But you said something really important. I want you to just kind of repeat again from my listeners. I get this a lot. You know, when I ran for Congress, you meet a lot of members about endorsements and positions they have, you know how it goes. And one of the things they told me is, you know, one of the first things they'll do is you get a call from a constituent. First they look up the area code, make sure you're in their district. But if it's a serious issue, they'll look up voting histories to voter vault or these other, you know, these things. If you are a voter, which most of my listeners are, and you call that office or send an email, not a form email, but a genuine email about any issue spending cuts, they, they listen.


I'm not saying it's gonna be a transformative road to Damascus moment, but if one listener gets 10 people to Do it, those congressmen and their staffers, believe me, they hear it Hear one Hundred percent. I got, I was in the State House when the Houston Oilers were coming to Tennessee, the Titans and I, I read a article in the Wall Street Journal, you know, if when these sports teams come to town, you'll sell a little more beer, a few hot dogs and gasoline, a few phone fingers, and you'll get some national prominence. But the reality is the economic impact is not that great for the rain. And matter of fact, you end up stuck with the bill. And I got, you know, how many calls I got from my home district in Knox County.


I was one of I think three or four people that voted against taxpayer funded sports teams in Tennessee. You know how much, how many calls I got? I, I got three, three calls against it. That's a groundswell of support. And, and you, you call and you're educated on the issue. You follow up with a letter or an email and, and then you hold 'em accountable. If they don't Do it like what you do, yes, you vote their butts outta office. That's the beautiful thing about this system. Yes. Outcomes. You know, Congressman, you would probably agree with me on this. I, I like you we're obviously friends, but that doesn't get in the way of either mine or your, if, if I started talking about the communist manifesto in a much, I love leftism.


You know, we, we may, I doubt it, but we may remain friends, but we're certainly not gonna be professional allies. Like we have to stop getting into and listening to all the speeches these congressmen give. Oh man, that guy put a cowboy hat on, he something. I don't give a damn what he said. I don't, I don't care if you're mute and don't even talk. All I give a damn about is how you vote. And there's way too many actors up on Capitol Hill who give all the flowery speeches. And then when it comes down to voting, they have a freaking D or an F from these conservative scoring sides. We have got to get past the speeches and into the actual outcomes. Yep. Have your kids or your grandkids show you how to use that computer and start looking at some of these rating services, conservative rating services, and, and they'll tell you where you're, where they vote on key votes.


Key votes, yes. They'll let you, they'll call you and say, Hey, this is a key vote. We're we're grading this one. I tell 'em that all the time. Let me ask you, I got about two minutes left. I wanna get this question. You have been all over this U-A-P-U-F-O phenomenon all over it. You have been probably the most vocal voice up on the hill for the truth. The drone situation in New Jersey. I'm not asking you to give up classified information. You wouldn't anyway, obviously, however, within the realm of what you can say, yes, I'm getting from sources that this is ver very concerning to say the least. And a potential serious national security problem. Your thoughts? One Hundred percent. I think I didn't go to the classified briefing because it's a trap.


You go in there and you can't speak about it even if you know the answer. So, and I can just get it off the street. It's on 15 minutes later, one of these liberal news sources has got a Democrat that's leaking to 'em. I think, I think the Chinese are using this to monitor us to see our response. Just like, just like that balloon that we should have shot down. But these traitors in Washington wouldn't let us Do it. All they were doing was monitoring our response. They've already got people on the ground. They got people dating congressmen, they've got one. A US senator just passed away over 10 years. Her driver was a Chinese py. Yeah, that's right. They're everywhere up here. And look, all they're doing is monitoring our response. What is our response? Our media failed, our congress failed, our military failed, our executive office failed.


What happens if they put a submarine off the coast of New York City and put 50 of those things into the air with nuclear capabilities? Dirty bombs are biological. We know they've experimented with biologics and I have bills to stop that. And these gutless wonders up here won't move, move the bills because we are compromised. You better wake up America. This is the reality of the, the wars to come. And the Chinese, if they don't own them, they have the componentry for 'em. It's just like our secret stuff. We have, you know, we, we say we don't want to let the Chinese know. Well, Dan, show me one component in this country that in their, in our, in our electronics or in our jet airplanes or anything else that doesn't have Chinese componentry, we were told that the Chinese could possibly turn off some of our most high tech jet airplanes that are, that are coming out now.


We better wake up. That's Nice. Not like that's a problem, Congressman, I gotta run, but I need a favor from you. I'm opening up my new studio soon, probably within three weeks, four weeks max. It's, we put a lot of money into it. We're gonna be able to do nice sit down interviews, two shots. I wanna do a hour plus. You're one of my audience's favorite guests on this U-A-P-U-F-O issue. I think it would be a huge hit. People would love it. So if you'd come down, we'll take care of getting you down here and everything. I would love to have the one you. That would be fantastic. All right, great. See Jim, get that on the record. We got it recording. I gotta run. And as you've told me many times off the air, Dan, the camera makes love to me.


Hey, but all kid does side it all kid aside, does I can remember my daddy, a World War II veteran after a bad election went down and he looking at him across the table, he said, I'll say the blessing. And he said, Lord, please don't let us lose our country. That should be every American's prayer. Let's take our goddamn country back, Dan. God has given us a wonderful gift in this country and we can Do it. Amen. And you're right. My listeners all the time are like, is that Magnum pi? I am like, no, it's Congressman Tim Burchard. Come on man. Congressman, we gotta run. Thanks for coming on. Really appreciate it. Love You Dan. Thanks brother. Yeah, the good man. Thank you Congressman Tim Burchard, another one of our fiery interviews next, but our next sponsor, first folks.


Great story here. A lady named Phyllis walks into a neighborhood pharmacy in New Jersey. Asked the pharmacist for an antioxidant cream for her wrinkles and skin. The pharmacist says, I'll compound one for you. Just come back tomorrow. Phyllis uses the cream for three days, goes to her dermatologist's appointment, and the doctor looks at her and thinks you just had work done. And believe it or not, that's how Genelle Skincare was born. Genelle Skincare is the official skincare, my wife Paula, and the rest of the bungee army. That was 25 years ago. Genus cells shipped millions of orders since they have the same philosophy of antioxidants, the same base, and the same chef in the kitchen celebrating 25 years genus cells. Offering the best pricing since Phyllis walked into that pharmacy. Right now save over 70% off genus cells. Complete skincare pack is featuring the genus cell under eye bags and puffiness, serum jawline, sculpting treatment and immediate effects for results in minutes. Look, five, 10, even 15 years younger. Go to genus cell.com/dan GENU c.com/dan as a special gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers plus free priority shipping. Gen uel.com/dan G-E-N-U-C


l.com/dan Dr. Ronny Jackson is next given us an update on Secret Service and a number of other items. He's also a congressman up on Capitol Hill in addition to a doctor. Check this out. So we're here to talk about this Absolutely humiliating last few hours up on Capitol Hill for the Democrats is a congressman from the amazing, wonderful state of Texas. He's a doctor, he is a congressman, he's a friend. I worked with him on protection details on the Secret Service for many years. And a good man, Dr. Ronny Jackson. Ronnie, thanks for joining us today. We really appreciate it. Hey Dan, thanks for having me. Always enjoy being on the show, man.


Yeah, we love having you. So Congressman, you're watching this debacle Wright. Now, Pete Hegseth a guy, you and I know very well, a man of integrity and dignity, a man who has written about extensively some of the problems with our military. You're watching the Democrats freak out la a bunch of anonymous, basically insulting allegations against them, many of which have been discredited. But did you notice Dr. Jackson, that the Democrats aren't focusing on the problems you and I have discussed in the past about the military, the DEI problem, the refocus away from lethality, the recruiting problem, this is all just, it seems like a big smoke screen to cover from the problems they largely caused. Yeah, absolutely.


They don't wanna talk about any of that stuff. They don't wanna talk about how they basically destroyed our military over the last four years. And they started, you know, they did a lot of that in the eight years of the Obama administration. They don't wanna talk about any of that stuff, but, you know, I, I'm embarrassed for these Democrat senators. I mean, it, it's just shameful that they get up there and they, they just keep repeating over and over these anonymous claims and they're anonymous. You know, nobody comes forward and says this. It's just, and believe me, Dan, you know, we've talked about this before. I have been the victim of this myself. It's absolutely ridiculous. But that, that's all they want to do is try to tear down his character based on anonymous complaints. And they don't want to talk about how he's gonna fix the stuff that they broke over the last four years.


I think it, you know, Pete's a great candidate. They fear Pete. They're, they're scared to death of Pete because they know President Trump picked him because he's gonna go in there and he's gonna turn that place upside down. He's gonna burn that place to the ground when it comes to this woke progressive garbage that they've let infiltrate our military. The Pete is gonna find these people and get rid of them. He's gonna change fundamentally the way that place operates and it scares him to death. We're talking to Dr. Ronny Jackson, a a person really, you know, I hate the word uniquely, but genuinely, uniquely qualified to comment on this. Dr. Ronny Jackson was in our military as a medical doctor. Dr. Ronny Jackson iss a member of Congress.


So he definitely understands the machinery upstairs in Capitol Hill. And third, you were nominated to be VA secretary when John Tester, now a man who thankfully lost his job in the US Senate, tried to sabotage your career with ridiculous allegations. I personally knew were false 'cause I worked with you. So you've seen all of this, but we really need to refocus here, Ronnie, because this DEI focus in the military. It's bad enough in corporate America where when you get away from merit, maybe you're, if you run a pizza company, you're producing terrible pizza. 'cause you're not focused on pizza, you're focused on skin color and other stuff. But in the military, Dr. Jackson, as you know, I mean, it it's not a figurative thing.


I mean, you're talking about actual life and death where you're putting incompetent people in charge due to completely unrelated characteristics who could lead men, women into combat and get people killed. This is a serious thing. No, it absolutely is. You know, Dan, and look, you know, the military historically has been one of the, you know, one of, one of the shining stars, you know, in, in our society of where you go and you don't care about race or gender or anything else like that. You know, we're all in this, this together. I mean, I could have cared less when I was in Iraq and, you know, we were taking incoming rounds, you know, at the camp I was at and we had casualties all over the place. I could have cared less what color somebody was standing next to me. I didn't care about any of that kind of stuff.


But what they've done is they've gone in and they've done this all over our country. But it, but like you said, it's incredibly dangerous that they've done this in our military. They are working overtime to try to make people in our military racist. Everything they do is based on identity politics, straight versus gay, black versus white men versus woman rich versus poor. And they, they, they've pushed that into our military and they tried to, you know, to fragment our military and make people hate each other based on their race or their gender or something else. And it, it, it's super dangerous. You know, we, it has operational consequences. You can see a little bit of some of this stuff about what's going on with the fires out in California right now, where they focused on woke ideology and green New Deal stuff and all that stuff, and did not focus on being prepared for, for, for these big fires.


That's the same thing that happens in our military. We are not prepared to fight wars right now. We are not prepared to respond to a terrorist attack in this United States because of what has been done over the last four years in the Biden administration. We gotta get that back man. Or we're in trouble. We're in bad trouble. Talked to Dr. Ronny Jackson, Congressman from the state of Texas, was nominated for a cabinet spot, was ruthlessly attacked by Democrats, Dr. Jackson as a, as a member of our military. You're familiar with what happens at bootcamp And the most troubling thing I think about this, DEI cancer that's ripping America apart, is one of the things they teach in bootcamp. I get this complaint all the time from friends of mine in the military, is that they break you down and they break you down of any preconceived notions to build you up as a team where they eliminate these external characteristics.


You could have a guy from the Appalachian Region of America and a guy who was a surfer in California, they're in bootcamp. Their heads are shaved, they're treated the exact same, and they're taught to operate as a team. If, if you ever wanted to introduce a pernicious ideology to destroy team cohesion, which is necessary in the military in a life or death situation, it's to get people to start to focus on absolutely ridiculous things like a guy's religion, sex or anything else. Your job is one thing. Act as a unit and go kill the bad guy. That's it. This will destroy our military. I I mean the, the damage is incalculable. It's done already, but Pete's getting in there and is gonna rip it out root and branch.


And this is why they hate him so much. Absolutely. You know, look, Dan, here's a, here's a perfect example of this. Since the day he was announced as the nominee and, and the day that President Trump was elected, I I, I'm on the Armed Services committee now and I've been told that the recruiting numbers are starting to go through the roof now. You know, they, they've lowered the standards across the board. They, they've done things like they've gone in and they've tried to, you know, manipulate the standards at bud s because they are so determined to make sure they get the first woman Navy seal, you know, across the line that they will go in and they will undermine the requirements to be a Navy seal just to make that happen. That does not make this country safer. You know, they, they've gone in, they, they're talking about at Buds right now, you know, the the famous boat run where the seals have to run around the beaches with these heavy boats over their heads and stuff.


They decided that maybe they should get rid of that because most of the women that are coming through don't have the upper body strength to do something like that. Therefore, that should not be something that's a part of it. There's a reason that that is in that curriculum. That's because in real life you may have to do that. And as, as, as tired and as, and as hard as buds is, that is not the hardest day of your life if you're in combat. And I, I I I, I worry about those kinds of things. I worry about the fact that they, they, they instituted so much of this racist woke agenda in our military that people don't want to join the military anymore. I have countless friends of mine that spent careers in the military just like I did, that have told their kids not to go into the military.


And traditionally, that's the, that's the number one source of, of, of new admissions into our military is, you know, that the, the kids that who had parents that served, they're telling their kids not to Do it because of the way it's changed. And you know, what they've done in response because their numbers have gone down. They've reduced the, the, the, the requirements and the standards across the board. They're taking people with drug history. They're taking people that are just, you know, morbidly obese and way overweight and people that can't meet the physical standards. It it, it is a bad, it is a bad road that we've started our, that a path that we've gone down now. And I think we're gonna have to have somebody like Pete Hegg said, that's gonna come in and have the guts and the balls to stand up to the plate and say no more.


And he is got the support of the commander in chief, which is awesome, but that's why they fear him. Ronnie, one of the things that bothers me most is you had Christopher Ray the soon, thankfully to be departed, FBI director, a genuinely awful one at that. He was on 61 minutes, used to be 60 minutes, but they added a minute. So 61 minutes the other day talking about the threat from China. We know about the China spy balloon. We know about China buying up farmland near military installations. We know about China and their use of drones, their infiltration of our critical infrastructure. Dr. Jackson China, which you'll being up in Congress, you're probably getting briefings on this, obviously we're not privy to, is the biggest threat to our national security right now.


There are other ones, but China's a pretty significant one. They have to be laughing at us with this focus on DEI and away from lethality. This isn't the kind of thing this communist regime is focused on. Matter of fact, I wouldn't be surprised if, if they have, you know, intelligence agents in the United States actively pushing this stuff, knowing it's easier to destroy the United States from the inside out rather than the outside in. Oh yeah, they've manipulated social media, they've got into it. They, they've used TikTok and everything else they can to, to basically push this, this woke green agenda all into our military, which has consumed countless hours with the DEI training. And, and they're, they're talking about things like making tanks electric and I mean, just ridiculous stuff.


The, the Chinese love it because every day that this happens, they get further and further ahead of us and, you know, the, they will very soon be the dominant military power on this planet as, as well as probably the dominant economic power at some point. The way we're, the way we're going in the Biden administration, they, they, they love it. The more time and the more money that we waste on this garbage is it, it it's better for them because, you know, they're, they're getting further and further ahead and we gotta worry about it mean they're, they're doing all kinds of stuff and there's been, you know, countless numbers of unaccompanied Chinese military aged males, males crossing our border. You gotta ask yourself, what are they doing here? Why are they coming over here? I feel like they're, they're, they're preparing for, for that day when we finally go to war with China, that they're gonna be prepositioned to do, who knows what.


We've seen all kinds and, you know, they're, they're very good at, at cyber, you know, in, in manipulating those kinds of systems to bring, you know, grids down to, to mess with our water system and all this kind of stuff. I think all that stuff's in play right now. I think that they've been working on that for a while, as well as trying to destroy us from the inside out culturally. And I think that, you know, we've, we've had weapons come across. We've had, we've had handheld launched air to surface miss or surface to air missiles that we've captured crossing our border. Huge numbers of jihadi terrorists, which the Chinese have facilitated getting over here and crossing our border along with the Mexican cartels. They, they're, they're setting us up for failure in a big way.


Dr. Jackson, I wanted to ask you a question about the Secret Service. 'cause you and I worked together extensively, you know, protective operations as well as anyone. You are a medical doctor with the White House Medical Union, the medical doctor, so you've been on a ton of these protective ops. Secret Service obviously struggled. We got an inauguration coming up. I think the Secret Service has been a victim of mission creep. You and I both know amazing people that work there. The problem is, if you ask a member of Congress a Secret Service agent or a guy who's a short order cook in a restaurant to do a million different things, then he can't do one thing really well. The Secret Service is involved in all kinds of computer crimes, financial crimes, bank fraud, check hiding, counterfeit national security, special events, foreign dignitary protection.


And the bottom line is they just, you've gotta focus on doing one thing. Well, what are your thoughts in the next Trump administration about a secret service reform package that has them exclusively focusing on presidential and vice presidential security? Well, I'm, I'm with you, Dan. I've heard you talk about this before, and you and I have talked about this as well. I agree with you one Hundred percent. Nobody understands the requirements of, of the Secret Service and the responsibilities that they have right now, better than you. And you're right, you know, they've proved countless times here in the last few years that the, they're not up to the job when it comes to, you know, the protection, the role of protection spec, specifically protecting the president in the United States or, you know, a candidate for, for president of the United States.


So, I, I think that, you know, you are absolutely right. They need to get away from the investigation side of the house. They need to be focused 110% on protection. They've been victim to the same type of stuff that we've been talking about with the Department of Defense right now, with regards to, you know, losing focus of what their real mission is and, and having all this woke stuff, this DEI stuff forced down their throat. They, they've hired people based on DEI that aren't qualified to do the job. And we, we have to have someone go in there and, and, and get those folks out. Hire good people to do the job and, and really define what the mission is. And I agree with you, the mission should be protection and nothing but protection.


And I think if that means moving them out of the Department of Homeland Security and moving them somewhere else, I think we should look at that too. I think that, you know, being in inside of a massive organization like Department of Homeland Security might not be the best thing for the Secret Service. You know, you may have thoughts on that as well, but I, I think we got, we have to Do it. It's broken, man. We gotta fix it. No, I, I agree with you. They are, you, you're sticking them in a box with, you know, hundreds of thousands of, of people and satellite offices and everything else. And the mission is critical. Dr. Jackson, if we lose the president, the entire history of the world changes outside of the obviously evil, tragic consequences of that.


The entire history of the world changes. It is a critical mission. Reform is necessary. Dr. Jackson, thanks for your time on the Pete Hag, Seth Matter. Thanks for your service to the country and commenting on the Secret Service. We really appreciate it. Welcome back. Anytime. Thank you, Dan. Appreciate it, man. You got it, folks. There's nobody, I mean, really, there's nobody with, with a more intricate knowledge of this process than him. He was nominated for a cabinet secretary spot and the Democrats did the exact same thing to him.


A lot of people ask me how I lost weight. I lost 30 pounds. I was getting a little gooey goos, no good goo be gone. I don't like goo. So what did I do? I started lean, I called up my friend Miles at BrickHouse Nutrition. I said, miles, I don't, I, I, I, I don't want to take these shots. I said, is there a product out there you and the doctors at Brickhouse can put together? He said, Dan, let me work on it. It took some time. And they put together the most amazing product for losing weight lean. It's impressive, it's natural studied ingredients. It studied target weight loss in similar ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar, helps control appetite and cravings, and helps you burn fat by converting fat to energy. You got a New Year's resolution, wanna drop a few? Well BS get rid of the goo. If you're ready to lose weight in a smarter way, let me get you started with 20% off your first order. Just use Code Dan two zero at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Pick up lean today, BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan code Dan, 20 statements of product, not evaluat by the fda, not diagnosed, treat, cure, prevent any disease, not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Thank you, lean.


Finally, Ned Ryan came on to talk about the endless streak of winning in the first week of Trump's presidency. Check this out. Wanna welcome back? One of my favorite guests, a guy who's been on the show often. He is a real warrior for the cause. Our man, a guy we really like. Ned Ryan. Ned, thanks for joining us again. We really appreciate it. Yeah, no, good to be back with you, Dan, and looking forward to the conversation. Yeah, man, we always like having you on because you're one of these guys like Sean Davis that you know, doesn't have an allegiance to these faux party designations, more to the ideas that matter. And we appreciate that. So you're a particularly smart guy too. And right before you came on, I was talking about the ending of the EO for birthright citizenship.


There is a myth out there, Ned, that this is a decided legal issue. If you're born in the United States, you're a citizen. It is not, as a matter of fact, it has been an ongoing generational legal question about when they say subject to the jurisdiction thereof, do they mean political jurisdiction or territorial? The genius of Donald Trump is now we're gonna get an answer. And now that it's been blocked by a judge. That's right. No, i I I mean it it is a new day in America. What is this? Happy liberation Day number three or four. Right? He hit the ground running and made it very clear with his executive orders.


I mean, I kind of put him in three different buckets, Stan. One was obviously the idea of border immigration slash citizenship. The other one was energy. And then obviously, and, and then the last one was administrative state. I loved all of the executive orders except for the TikTok one. But, you know, I'm not gonna quibble. We can't be perfect, but we can be pretty close to perfect. And I, I think one of the fundamental issues that you just brought up, if you don't have an enforceable border, you don't have sovereignty, you don't even really have citizenship. And I think the whole idea of what does it actually mean to be a citizen? Whether it's this whole question mark about birthright citizenship or people coming in illegally and then having all the benefits in many ways of American citizens, what does it actually mean to be an American citizen moving forward?


And I think Trump has realized that, and obviously it's been a big issue for him on the idea of border and immigration. And I think this whole idea of birthright citizenship is going to bring up the debate. What does it actually mean to be an American citizen? We are, we are not an economic zone. We are very unique people with a very unique culture, with a very unique constitution and the constitution republic. And so we have to have, to have, to have the conversation about what does it actually mean to be a citizen of this country? And this is, again, one of those issues, birthright citizenship. Yeah. And it's never been fully litigated. And I, it's like the, these kind of things, these talking points that get thrown around in this, you and I live in the talking head space, we just do. Right?


There are some people like you and Sean Davis I respect, or other people are morons and I hear stupid stuff all the time. They're like, you know, you can't scream fire in a movie theater that is not the legal standard for free speech. Like, did you miss like 40 years of history? And you hear this thrown around all the time, you know, it's a settled legal question if you're born. It is absolutely not a settled legal question. And like I said, have you seen anything like this? Like Donald Trump bringing these issues to the forefront? You've been involved in politics a long time. One of the arguments I made about why a second term Donald Trump was gonna be valuable when other people are like, oh, he's gonna be a lame duck. So number one, he is No, because you've got JD Vance, you've got the, his political legacy is gonna live on with or without him.


So he is not technically a la duck. No. Okay. He's gonna have political power, but second, he has no worries about reelection. He came in. Correct. I've never seen anything like this. Boom. Shock and awe. Yep. Well that's, I mean, this is, I mean, I've had this conversation with him in the past, like, you have four years, it doesn't matter. You're not going for reelection. Let's make this the most epic four years we've ever seen, at least in recent times, maybe for generations for this country. And, and let's have these big fundamental questions about obviously border immigration, citizenship, obviously the future of this country in regards to, you know, energy independence and all these things. But also, I, I couldn't tell which one I love the most in the executive orders dealing with the administrative state.


But let's have the conversation about the legitimacy of that. And, and the thing that has been very apparent to me and very unique about Donald Trump among recent Republican presidents is that he has rejected the premise that what we have in our current form of governance in administrative state is not legitimate. He rejects the premise and he's calling into question with these executive orders. Right? You are not legitimate. You do not decide, you do not set policy. The head of The article two executive branch, the dually elected president, that'd be Trump. I'm the one who decides the policies. And your job and your responsibility is to actually implement those policies and to work on the, for the benefit of the American people. I mean, his one, not to get too into the weeds here, Dan, but his, his executive order on the SES types, the senior executive service officials.


Amazing. And, and for those that are listening that are maybe not as aware, you have all the political appointees, the the secretaries, the under secretaries, all the political appointments. Then you've got the federal employees in between the political appointments and the federal employees is the SES level. It's a very powerful government official. And they manage, I think it's about 75 federal agencies. And they, again, Dan, they think, they decide, they think they govern, they think they set policy. And for him to direct directly address the SES level on day one in an executive order, amazing. Absolutely incredible. Yeah. I'm, I'm actually glad you brought that up. And you know, we have a really politically involved audience and it's nice.


It's definitely not to in the weeds for them, they appreciate hearing this. A lot of people don't know that, that there is this insulated layer of high-end government bureaucrats. They're not all bad guys. I mean, you know, there are people I know in the secret service now, it's a level above. Yeah. I mean, unfortunately it's a lot of 'em. But you have GS 14, GS 15, and then you start getting into the SES level and they become, you're right, kind of this insulated layer, you know, almost to quote, you know, I'm, I'm saying this word in a sarcastic way, but to protect the deep state from any implementation of a Donald Trump command. Like, oh, I don't know, man, the se and you're seeing it with the DEI stuff where they're just telling DEI, people just recategorize your job as like holistic meditation or whatever, you know, But, but the, the point I wanna make to those listening is the fact that, you know, the progressives, when they started this administrative state, these SES types, and I would argue GS fourteens and fifteens, they have been operating under the entire premise of the administrative state, which is the unelected bureaucrats are the one who ones who are supposed to govern.


They're the ones who are supposed to decide, has nothing to do with the constitutional republic. And again, it goes back to those fundamental issues I was talking about. Donald Trump understands there are fundamental issues that have to be addressed for the good of the country now, but also for the future of the country. What we will look like as a people, what we will look like as citizens. Will we be energy independent, which is a national security issue? And what form of governance will we actually have? Will we return to Republic? Are we gonna continue down this administrative state path? I mean, that's the thing that I hope people did not lose in those executive orders dealing with, with obviously very current issues, but fundamental at the very basis for who we are as a people, who we are as a country, what our future looks like.


And honestly, except for the TikTok thing, I couldn't be happier with what he did. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I agree. We're talking to Ned Ryan,


Ned, your, your new book out, which is pretty incredible. You guys should Check it out. Give it a, give it a plug. I wanna ask you another question too before we go. Yeah. Amer American Leviathan is the birth of the administrative state and, and progressive authoritarianism really about the rise of the turn of the 20th century of, of these progressives rejecting our constitution, republic, rejecting and breaking apart the machinery of the republic, which is the diffusion of power. And then building out this massive bureaucracy administrative state filled with unelected bureaucrats who really, they, they viewed it as a vehicle for salvation, and they viewed the bureaucrats as the ones, even though they were unelected, as the ones who should be doing the actual governing. And then you find yourself in the 21st century going, why do these unelected bureaucrats think they decide? Why do they think they can take out the duly elected president of the United States? And you realize this, this tension is between two very different governing philosophies. So I try to make it a very concise explanation of where it began, how we got here, and then how we get out of it. So American Leviathan and I, and I appreciate the great Dan Bonino blurbing the book for


me. So it's an excellent book. It's an excellent book. One of the things the book addresses, which I think is, is, is perfectly timed for the Trump administration, is the founding fathers who I adore their vision, right, of what this country was going to be was unmatched the constitution's, the greatest governing document of the history of planet Earth. However, what they assumed we would have men of integrity in government moving forward, and they assumed wrong. Right? So when you look at the Congress, Congress specifically the House of Representatives, they assume that these people would jealously guard their power, like the power of the purse. Yeah. And would not empower an administrative state, because God forbid you spend money without us asking. But what happened is they didn't anticipate that these congressmen become such cowards, and they would not wanna take credit for this bankrupted country.


So what they do is they write loose regulations and they let the bureaucrats then go and spend the money for him. And that's how you wind up with the student loan debacle. Yeah. I mean, if, if having talked with, with members, I'm doing a documentary on American Leviathan, hopefully it's coming out in February, but having some conversations with current elected officials and members of Congress, they're like, you know, it's, it's even worse than you think Ned there, there are lots of members of Congress who think they should take. They ask these different departments and agencies, what money do you need? They take them at face value. They think their job and responsibility then pass through, be a pass through to give these agencies and departments whatever they want. They pass these four and 5,000 page bills that are kind of rough, roughly frame out kind of generally what they want.


They send it to these unelected bureaucrats in The Article two branch where mostly the administrative state resides. And these bureaucrats put the fine points with statutes and regulations on these bills. And that's the actual governing. So Congress has not only capitulated in oversight because of they just give them the funding that they want. They've also capitulated on the idea of legislating. I mean, The Article one branch Yeah. Has of their own volition over decades, given these Article two bureaucrats, the right to govern this country. And I, I think this is again, one of the fundamentals where you gotta get back to, there's an Article one branch, there's an Article two branch, there's an Article three branch, because our founders got something very right, Dan, they did not trust human nature.


They did not trust human nature to have consolidated power. And the whole idea was diffusion of power so that it would never be abused. And what the bureaucrats in the administrative state have been doing and trying to do for the last a hundred years, it's consolidate the legislative executive and judicial into one branch, into their bureaucracy to be able to do everything that they want with not a whole lot of oversight. And then dictate to the American people, this is how you're gonna live your lives. And that's why I say it's progressive authoritarianism. Yeah. Ned Ryan, last question for you. We always appreciate your time. So, you know, I, I talk to a lot of business people. I like to invest and I'm fascinated by an entrepreneurship is my thing. And I'm always fascinated by CEOs and business leaders who are constantly telling you what they can't do.


I, I'm like, that's not what we're paying you for. We're paying you for a big, hairy, audacious vision of what you think the company can do. And I, what it can't do, if you love or hate Elon Musk, Elon Musk is one of these guys, ah, I'm gonna go to space. Ah, that's crazy. Okay, watch me. That, that, that's kind of the thing with Donald Trump. You know, I'm not lionizing anyone, but he just, he doesn't seem to understand his own limits. And I don't mean that in an extra constitutional, super constitutional way. I just mean like, he sees the United States as his powerhouse and he's like, well, why are we putting up with this crap from China? Like, I don understand. Why are we letting them keep American hostage? Like what Idiot told you that was a good thing. Like, he's not always telling America what they can't do. He's always asking his people, Hey, why not? Yeah, I, I was just gonna say, you took the words outta my mouth.


I mean, Donald Trump's approach to life has been why not, why can't I do that? Why can't we do that? Why shouldn't we be doing that? And that, that's, that to me is precisely what we need at this point in our history. It's a singular moment. The Man for the Hour is Donald Trump. And I think it's his entire approach of you. We, we shouldn't accept anything we should be asking. Why not? And again, I I I, I'll just say this, Dan, my, my, my greatest part about Donald Trump is this, he truly believes decline is a choice. We choose not to decline. We choose to be great and climb to even greater heights of freedom and prosperity. And that, to me is what American needs at this moment. We choose not to decline, we choose to be great, and we choose to decline to even greater heights.


Our freedom and prosperity. And the guy that I think is gonna Do it and hopefully instill a lot of courage into Republicans on the Hill is Donald J. Trump. I, I, we're talking to Ned Ryan, author of the Great book, American Leviathan, pick it up, Ned, I gotta run, but I, I'll just leave you this. When he was interviewing on my podcast a couple weeks before the election, you know, his daughter wanted an ice skate in Baldman Rink in New York. And because New York City ran it never worked. And he was like, just turn it over to me, I'll fix it. It took him six months and he fixed it there. That's Donald Trump. Ned Ryan, thanks so much for your time. Pick up the book folks. American Leviathan, really appreciate it. Thanks for coming on. Thanks Dan. Thanks for listening to the podcast. You can Check it out on Rumble and tune into the radio show every day. Go to bonino.com/station finder to find out what you can listen on a station near you.


See you on Monday. You just heard Dan Bonino, I.