
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome to Sunday podcast. This is our chance to play for you some of the best moments from the radio show and some great interviews during the week that you may have missed. If you ever want to check out our show, go to bonino.com, go to Station Finder and see what radio station we're on near you. You'll love it. I promise you. We put a lot of work into the radio show. Check it out.


But before that, let me tell you about our first sponsor. Folks. Everybody's talking about those weight loss injections. 'cause the results are really dramatic. They work by lowering blood sugar and reducing your appetite. It's really simple, but what if you don't have any, a lot of money for these shots? They can be expensive and you don't like injections. That's why BrickHouse Nutrition doctors created a supplement called Lean, LEAN. The results are incredible. I can personally vouch, I lost about 28 pounds on it. Over the course of a couple months, the studied ingredients in Lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar and help Byrna fat by converting it into energy and helping curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet, only has a few pounds to lose the docs. At Brickhouse, they created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. Again, I can personally vouch for it. People ask how I lost weight. That's how you can get started with 15% off today and free rush shipping. Add Lean to your Wellness and exercise plan. Visit take EA n.com and enter code Dan 15, Dan one five for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been of value by the FDA. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


First up today we talk with Senator Rand Paul from Kentucky on this really despicable report on the actions of the Secret Service at the Butler County assassination site. Remember, a man was murdered there in front of his family. Listen to what they found out. And Rand Paul has some thoughts on welcoming to the show, United States Senator, looking into this secret service security debacle. I saw him on Fox this morning. He had some interesting points and they released an initial findings report I've been covering throughout the show. We're gonna get his take on it now. Welcoming Senator Rand Paul. Senator, thanks for your time. Hi, Dan. Thanks for having mayor. Senator, you have been a long time critic of the deep state government spending unnecessary bureaucracy and all this other stuff.


And I see this initial findings report of legions of failures involved with the attempt on President Trump's life. And I found it odd that they came to Congress and the Secret Service is gonna get, now it appears to be 231 million more dollars. And Senator, I heard you mention on Fox this morning, and I think you're one of the only ones talking about it. Why? Why are we giving? Why are we giving them money for what we're promoting them for failing I? don, I don't understand. The bipartisan report showed human failings, multiple tragic human failings. And I don't think you replace human failings or reward human failings with money. You reward human failings with replacing the humans. I mean, if people made errors, these were egregious errors.


Some of them are so irresponsible, you shouldn't be in the business any longer. you know, whoever's in charge at, at, at Butler when the shooting rang out, there's at least a half a dozen to a dozen errors that are egregious and unforgivable. Well, the person should be fired, but as we interviewed people, nobody was in charge. That was part of the problem. Nobody claims they were in charge of Butler County. They'll say, well, I was in charge of this and I was in charge of that. And the local people were in charge of this. And it's like, well, who's in charge of the whole thing? Oh, nobody, because you ask them that and you say, well, there's this roof. And when you see the image of the roof from the one of the victims was filming this from behind Donald Trump, he's filming it.


And you can actually see the shooter on the roof and the roof. Some of it's a, a trick of the perception. It looks like it's 30 yards away in reality, it's over a hundred yards away. But as you know, with a a, you know, high powered weapon with a, with a scope on it, it's, it's nothing. And so it's a hundred yards away. But they all had to see it or, or, or they all complete morons as they walked by it. Why didn't someone say, Hey, how come no one's on the roof Who did that walkthrough? Who was in charge of doing that final walkthrough? But it gets even worse than that. A guy seen for 90 minutes with a large backpack, big enough apparently to fold your AR 15 and stick it in the backpack. He's seen the range finder a half a dozen.


Local cops think he's suspicious. People have a good, even natural, just regular citizens have a decent nose for people or suspicious, they say suspicious, they take pictures of him. But no one has a wherewithal after 90 minutes of seeing him multiple times to say, maybe someone should take President Trump off the stage until we interview this guy, no one does it. After an hour of seeing him, they report him to the Secret Service. So local police sees him for an hour. Then after that, for the last 30 minutes before the shooting happens, they've reported it to Secret Service, to the headquarters at the, at the Security Tet. So they know it for 30 minutes. Nobody pulls the president. But then even in the last couple of minutes, the president is shot at six 11.


At 6 0 6. The crowd is, is shouting, shouting and pointing at the roof. Man on a roof, man on a roof. At 6 0 8, the police are chanting, man on a roof, man on a roof. And they're running towards the roof with guns drawn the counter counters sniper up on the roof, sees the police, sees the commotion, sees them running in that direction, trains his, his, his weapon on that area. But nobody calls for the president to be removed from the stage at 6 0 8. You still have two and a half minutes left. And still, nobody, someone's crawling up on the roof, but nobody is saying the secret services, or we did in our walkie talkies, didn't talk to their walkie talkies weren't on the same channel.


But even that's not completely true. The message was relayed between 6 0 8 and six 10. The message makes the headquarters tent where the people in charge of the secret service are gathered under this tent. It makes it there. And they start frantically making phone calls. But nobody calls for removing Trump from the, from, from, from the stage. So at every step, there's so many errors being made, but they're inexcusable. And the first question I had from the very beginning is to whoever's in charge can't do this anymore. don don't dislike 'em. I don't hate 'em. don don't think they're even bad people necessarily. But they made so many errors, so many professional misjudgments that they can't be in this position ever again. That's what I told the acting director.


I said, are they in charge of, are they gonna be working for the security for the Democrat National Convention? Would you let somebody like this immediately have that responsibility? No, they would've to. I mean, they have to go somewhere. They can't do this anymore. And yet we haven't heard that from the Secret Service yet, whether anybody's really gonna be disciplined. We're talking to Senator Rand Paul from Kentucky, Senator Y both you, your father have a legacy of fighting against big government bureaucracy and incompetence. I mean, this is really the, the staple of everything you ran for office on this story is emblematic of that. What I find stunning is you are correct the, the, the, the multitude of obvious security failures. No counter-surveillance team, inadequate counter sniper coverage, an open roof line, communications, failures, communications that didn't fail and still nothing was done leaving Trump on the X instead of pulling him off stage.


This is the kind of thing that only government can get away with. If this was a private sector senator, you, you would have shareholders, stakeholders, investors, employees in open revolt, demanding the CEO. And the board resign. I mean, the secret services job is to keep the protectees alive. And a man was murdered in front of his family and Trump was shot in the head. And yet don don't know if you saw the recent promotion list you should ask for to your office. Everyone in the protective operations chain and headquarters, they all got promoted af after, after this. This only happens in government Realize for six weeks now since this happened in Butler County, we've been asking for what security requests were denied in the lead up to Butler.


We know for a fact that both the Secret Service assigned to Donald Trump and Donald Trump's campaign organization had requested counters, snipers. So they'd been denied. Again, And again, And again, we get to Butler County. And believe it or not, that's the first time county snipers are had an out to a rally. And thank God they were, because they did respond pretty quickly. They did take down the shooter, unfortunately, too late. But at the same time, had the counters, snipers not been there, the shooter would've kept shooting. I mean, there's a good chance he shoots Trump as he stands up or he shoots the secret service covering Trump, or he shoots more spectators. But he stopped shooting because they killed him, but realized that that was the first Trump rally that were any counters snipers made available to him at all.


So, and and, and this gets worse, we've had two, I think individuals who were working by themselves and not with a government, but we also have these reports, public, private, and classified saying that Iran wants to kill Donald Trump as well. Now we're talking about a state actor with more sophisticated weaponry, et cetera. And Trump has to have what's available, what we have technologically to defend him. And it needs to be everything that Biden's getting and everything that Harris is getting, they say he's getting the same secret service coverage. Now, I'm not convinced he's getting the same coverage as that the Defense department can provide to him, and we're insisting that he get everything possible because this is a real threat.


Yeah. Talking to Senator Rand, Paul, Senator, two concerns I'd, I'd like to relay to you, and obviously the listeners across the country, but you can actually do something about it. You're a legislator and I've, I've put this out to other congressmen and senators too. Whistleblowers, many of them, some I former colleagues, friends of mine who are deeply concerned about Donald Trump's life and their own, I mean, remember they're out there too. When the guy was shooting, the people on the stage heard the bullets whizzing by their heads too. They're very concerned about the aerial, aerial air security picture. I I don't wanna get into details, obviously on the air, but they're so concerned about it that sooner or later one of 'em is gonna go to a 60 minutes or some left wing hack site.


But just to get it out there and blow the whistle on this, we are not prepared. We are not prepared at all. So when you say things on the air like, Hey, he's not getting the presidential security package. You, you are correct. 'cause the president's not getting the presidential security package either. And this is a, this is not a partisan thing. don don't wanna see anything happen to Kamala Harris or Joe Biden either. We are not prepared, the Secret Service is not ready for the threats and throwing more money at people who don't understand technology is not gonna fix a darn thing. Yeah. We live in a world of very personalized warfare, and we saw that recently with the exploding pagers. We're gonna see that more and more with drones.


We now have drones that can $300 drone can take out a $3 million tank. So we live in another world. And as you know, it's hard to put the genie back in the box. But as those technologies develop, you have to have, you know, technological countermeasures that can stop 'em. Those do exist. And you're right, some of that you can't talk about. All I'm saying is that every bit of it needs to be deployed. You're right, Biden, Harris, and Trump and as many other people that can be protected. But this is gonna have to become the norm rather than the exception. I mean, it was even, I think it's probably 10 years ago now, they tried to kill Maduro giving a speech with several drones with 10 kilograms worth of explosives.


So the day is coming when, you know, it's not gonna be people just dying on the battlefield. Civilians are gonna be killed in their place of work. And you know, it's not a great thing to look forward to, but it, it is gonna happen and we're gonna to figure out as much as we can. Talking to Senator Rand Paul. Senator, last question and I'll, I'll let you go. The second page of the report your team released this morning is pretty devastating. It indicates that the entire management chain in the protective operations office of the Secret Service in headquarters basically knew about a credible long range threat that I know from a whistleblower that's the Iranian threat. They could not penetrate the middle perimeter. They figured out a sniper was the best way to do it. They've known about this for years, that the entire management chain of the Secret Service and headquarters knew about this in PO protective operations and did nothing.


The report clearly indicates counters sniper assets were not allocated. That was the first site. CSU assets. None of them that would've detected these guys a a again, is this not a reason to go back to acting director row his new deputy and all the people who just got their shiny new promotions and say, guys, are we serious? Like you just promoted these people for failure like that, that only works in government. Not only that, we're asking for more money. That more money for what? Maybe you should dump the investigations and NSSE mission and focus on protection and save yourself half your budget. Well, I can tell you we're not done yet. And the one thing that everybody is universally upset with Secret Service still is not divulging the request for security who made the request from the Trump detail, what were the requests for and who denied them.


And this is also in the context of something they haven't talked much about. The two attempts on his life were from relatively unsophisticated individual actors, not with a government behind them. But if you knew a government was trying to kill Trump, wouldn't you have already had increased awareness? That would probably help stop these individual actors. So for example, if you know a government is serious about killing Donald Trump, wouldn't you have somebody walk around the perimeter of his golf course when he plays golf? I mean, how bad is that? And we discovered that not only was the guy sitting there all day, like 12 hours by the fence with all kinds of stuff, he's got his weapon there. He is, got everything. He'd been there on and off for 30 days. I mean, really, we're not talking about, oh, you need $200 million to hire people.


The local police could be commissioned to walk the perimeter. Somebody doing, you know, you know, the other work at, you know, the work with currency and all the other crimes that the Secret Service is involved with. We assign some of them to walking the perimeter of the golf course for goodness sakes. I mean, there's thousands of employees at Secret Service that could be utilized. They don't all have to be snipers. Of course, the snipers are incredibly important, the counter snipers. I mean, but they, they, they haven't had a heightened presence of security even with the Iranian threat being very overt and out there. So yeah, more has to be done. We're not gonna let up on 'em. And yeah, if they don't, if they don't release the information we've asked, I believe that the Democrats will join us and subpoena from 'em.


So we're not gonna let 'em get away with hiding the ball. Yeah, shockingly, I've even seen Senator Blumenthal, who's obviously no friend to the conservative movement of saying things that make sense for once. Like, Hey, this isn't a money thing, we've got a management problem. And at that, if, if Republicans and Democrats who are typically at each other's throats, as you well know on Capitol Hill, are both saying the same thing, and the Democrats Senator are saying it's not a money problem. Or at least some of them who, well, they'll say it's a money problem for anything to get more tax dollars, you know, they're probably telling the truth. But Senator Paul, thanks for your hard work on this. Welcome back to the show anytime. We appreciate your time today. Thanks, Dan. You got it. I right folks. Am I making that up? I mean, if you get a, a liberal Democrat like Dick Blumenthal is saying, Hey, it's not a money thing.


When it, when was the last time you heard a Democrat say it's not a money thing, Jim, I'm gonna say sometime close to never. Then it probably is coming up next. Another great interview I think you'll be interested in hearing, but let's hear from our next sponsor.


Meet Lumen, one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. you know what I meant to life hack? Say it all the time. This device measures your metabolism through your breath. The app then lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. Here's what you do. I did it just the other day. Again, simply breathe into your Lumen first thing in the morning. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs based on these insights. Lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for the day. It's genius. You can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to get real time updates on your body's metabolic state. What are you burning? Stay on top of the wellness game I've been using Lumen total game changer helps me understand my metabolism and make smarter choices. Optimal metabolic health can lead to easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness levels, and better sleep. So if you wanna take the next step in helping to improve your wellness, go to Lumen dot me slash bonino to get 15% off your order. That's LUME n.me Lumen dot me slash bonino for 15% off your first purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring the episode. It's a great product. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. A not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


You guys know Robby Starbuck great guy. Follow him on social media acts and truth. He's been exposing a bunch of companies catering to Conservative America, but doing really woke stuff at the same time. Listen to this eye-opening audio folks, I desperately wanted to get this next guest on, was it last week or the week before? And some breaking news event happened and it's live radio and sometimes we've gotta kind of lift and shift. you know how that works. So we got him back. He is, if you're not following him on X and social media, you're making a big mistake. His name is Robby Starbuck, R-O-B-B-Y, Starbuck, S-T-A-R-B-U-C-K. Give him a follow.


This guy has been getting more done to combat wokeness in corporate America than just about anyone in the country. If you're following man on X or or truth, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Welcoming to the show, I think for the May 2nd time now. Robby Starbuck, Robbie, how are you? I'm doing well. Thanks for having me Dan. I appreciate it. Yeah, I'm sorry about last week. you know, the whole breaking news thing, But I said to Jim, we gotta get this guy on. You have been doing such incredible work on social media now. Yeah, let me just give you some quick background on what Robbie's up to, and I want you to comment on how you started this. So there are these companies out there, and you can get into who they are, Robbie, that they, they, their cons, their base of customers are basically American conservatives, MAGA folks, libertarians and probably moderate Democrats.


And yet they're doing things that are not only not even remotely conservative, they're anti-conservative, like engaging in wokeness, racist type DEI stuff. So how did you start this? How'd it get going and tell us about some of these companies you got action from. Yeah, so this all started with Tractor Supply because I shop at Tractor Supply and when I had a whistleblower come to me and explain to me just how far gone the company was in terms of the culture and them adopting DEI and woke policies, I honestly didn't believe it at first because it's like that store is sort of a, an American staple. I mean, you go in there, it feels like, it feels like a votes Republican.


Okay? I mean, like, that's, that's just the vibe in there. And meanwhile they were doing all this crazy stuff under the hood that people had no clue about. So I said, you know what, if this is happening at Tractor flag, bet this is happening at every company that depends on conservative consumers and we're gonna investigate it. And so we did, we started investigating all of these companies that, you know, really are symbols of America in many ways. Like you, you got your Harley Davidson, John Deere cores, Lowe's, Ford, caterpillar, and and we went through the line here one by one, which was very important. They're always stronger if you attack a group versus going at them one by one. So one by one we gave them, you know, sort of time in the sunshine and we highlighted all their crazy policies, you know, from the trans flags and their distribution centers to funding, you know, pride events and red states and funding programs that will bring forward.


We're gonna put one out tomorrow actually, that exposes a major corporation that was funding a summer camp, a sleepover camp for trans youth. Okay, we don't want to spend our money on these things. That's, that's the bottom line. You can get into the morality of it, which is a whole other subject from like a religious perspective, but just on a very simple, you know, surfacey level. We do not wanna fund these things because we are deeply opposed to them on many different levels. And for these companies to engage in them is just explicitly wrong. So we exposed them in these videos and we received an insane number of views all over the place and mainstream media to my shock and surprise covered things pretty fairly.


And as a result, these companies are terrified of being the next company. And so companies started to just drop their woke policies and we got them into this routine of releasing statements where like they put out a statement of all the things they're gonna change. And one of the big ones has been we've gotten these companies to back off of the H-R-C-C-I scoring system, which many people are unfamiliar with. The HRC stands for human rights campaign, which is like one of those Orwellian names that doesn't actually mean what it does, Right? It's like the anti-human rights campaign, right? Yeah, exactly. And so their scoring system is a big reason a lot of the woke policies got into major corporations because it incentivized companies to go and do these things.


And what's interesting is like they have this false psychological, you know, scheme set up where really these companies were afraid of a toothless tiger, okay? Like they, they really had no teeth behind this no sizable number of people. And that's been super apparent by the success of our campaign because the HRC has tried to combat what we're saying to no avail because they don't have real support. If you look at their social media, they even turn the comments off now because if they don't, it's filled with my supporters and people who are on our side, you know, pointing out the, the sort of ridiculousness of companies giving millions of dollars to the HRC because we're talking about the HRC is receiving millions upon millions of dollars from some of the biggest corporations in the world and in our country.


And their president is out there just two weeks ago saying, Trump hates America. Okay? They're out there framing Republicans as an existential threat to this country. They're an explicitly political activist group. There is no excuse for major corporations giving them a dime, showing up at their galas or supporting them in any way. And so I think that that's one of the big things we're getting here is companies dropping out of that and saying, you know what, okay, maybe it's actually a better business decision for us to stay neutral. That that, that's all we ask though. We're talking to Robby Starbuck, give him a follow on on X and you'll see what he's up to. He is doing tremendous work. I I, I'm kind of in that camp Robbie, I I, for me to patronize your company and become a loyal customer, I don't need you to have a Trump sign in front of your business.


I, I, I'd like it But I, I, it's not a prerequisite I, just ask that if you are gonna come to me as say Tractor Supply or Coors and one of these other companies and say, Hey, we're all about Americana. It's in our ads. We love this country and we would like you conservatives, republicans, libertarians, MAGA folks as customers, we're just asking a simple thing and tell me if you agree, just don't give my money to organizations that hate me and call me a fascist. Like it's not a, it's not a heavy lift man, you know? Well, I think that's actually why we've been so successful is that I'm not going at it from the angle that the left does, which is demanding essentially that you indoctrinate your employees and customers with one viewpoint and one viewpoint only.


you know, that's the funny thing is I've been called a fascist by these people and I'm like, you know what seems kind of fascist is wanting to shove your ideology down everybody else's throat and think that you have a right to that. But yeah, no, I think why we've been successful is because we're going to these executives, and I've had off the record conversations with a, a large number of them. And our pitch is very simple. We believe in neutrality because your place, your customers deserve fairness. And fairness means you recognize that your customers come from all walks of life, okay? And fairness essentially means stay out of any hot button, social or political issue. You want to go and advocate and lobby for a law that directly affects your business, that's fine.


But then going and lobbying for things like the Equality Act, which again, Orwellian name the left, loves to misname these things into things so that they can say, oh, these Republicans voted against the Equality Act. 'cause that sounds bad, but in reality, the Equality Act actually stands for allowing men into the bathroom with your little girls. It means allowing men to compete in sports against women and girls. you know, companies have no place in purpose being involved in something like the Equality Act. And they bought this idea from the left that it actually won them some virtue signaling points by going and, and backing these things. But the reason that used to work for them is because the right didn't have similar activists that were ready to really punish those companies for taking part in it.


So it was a safe thing back then for them to do. Well, now there's a new paradigm because these companies now have to consider if we're gonna go after them and expose what they're doing to millions of people. Because at the end of the day, you know, BlackRock, state Street, Vanguard, the HRC, they're not walking into Tractor Supply to buy farm supplies. They're, they're not walking into John Deere to get a tractor. They're, they're not walking into Harley Davidson to get a bike. We are. And so we need to fundamentally flip the reality cognitively back to the customer is king again, because they lost that. They started to believe Black Rock, the HRC and the Democrats are king, when in reality those people are not going and shopping at your stores very often. So you need to please your core customer base or at the very least, stay neutral.


And that's all we ask. Just stay neutral. Rob. We're talking to Robby Starbuck, R-O-B-B-Y, Starbuck, S-T-A-R-B-U-C-K. Give him a follow please on social media. He's doing amazing work. Support him. Robbie Harley Davidson really shocked me, actually. Well, tractor Supply shocked me too. And I know you got some results there and if we get results, we wanna make sure that, you know, we, we acknowledge that as well. But Harley Davidson really shocked me. I mean, you wanna talk about a company, I, I'm not sure there's end democrat in the country, at least a far left Democrat that's a, you know, loyal generational, you know, customer outside of buying some collector bike once in a while to Harley Davidson. I mean their customer base is probably 80 plus percent conservative America interested in the things that make America great.


That one stunned me. What happened when you made that public? Did you get results on, on that particular company? So Harley was a very important one for us. What's funny is a lot, lot of people focus in on Harley, but it's actually the smallest company by market cap that we've shifted policy at. And some, some companies, people don't realize how big they are. Like Caterpillar has 113,000 employees, 170 something billion dollars market cap But I. In Harley's case, it was psychologically very critical for a number of reasons. Number one, it was our third one in a row that we flipped policy at. but more importantly, the CEO was our first true believer. And the only thing really left at Harley in my mind that has not been changed at this point is the CEO really should go.


And I don't say that lightly because I don't say that about every company we expose. 'cause in many cases, a lot of the CEOs are, are even looking for an excuse to get out from under these things and they inherited them or they were kind of forced on them for a number of different reasons that existed within the shareholder proposal schemes and, and things like that. So we, we look at it very clearly and in his case, he is an actual true believer. He co-founded something called the B Team with Sir Richard Branson. And I hate calling him sir, but technically that's the term. And the B team, their explicit purpose is to replace existing leaders in corporate America and in corporations across the world and replace them with woke ones.


They want to quote reimagine capitalism and they want to push in their sustainability, quote unquote, sustainability is just a buzzword to describe all the crazy policies on the left. And the CEO of Harley actually described himself as the Taliban of sustainability. Okay? So beyond all the woke L-G-B-T-Q stuff they were engaged in and the crazy trainings and the recommendations of reading books like White Fragility, you know, you have to look at at his statement there and take him at his word Taliban of sustainability. To me that means you were a terrorist who is willing to do anything for your cause. And your cause is quote sustainability, which is essentially woke policy. That's the reality in corporate America across many different companies where executives have been replaced with ideologues like that who believe not in the company, not in capitalism, not in making money, but they believe in injecting their politics into the lifeblood of the corporation so that they can poison the American system.


And just to be clear, Robbie, he's still the CEO I've seen the videos on your Twitter account, by the way. He's still the CEO. So Harley dropped all the crazy policies reluctantly, you know, they, it took a while 'cause they wanted to dig in. Okay, it took three weeks to get them to flip policy. But I. Think the embarrassment at Sturgis is what really did it because Sturgis came up biggest biker, you know, event in the country and it was such an embarrassment for Harley. So few people went to their booth that they actually, Bloomberg reported they packed up two days early and had to leave because it was such an embarrassment. But, so we forced the changes, right? To get rid of the woke stuff, but the CEO's still there. So in my mind, you know, like I I I try to be clear that I believe in rebuilding, not destruction.


So we're about restoration and, and forgiveness. So like in the case of Tractor Supply, I will go to Tractor Supply. Now they did the right thing, they did it very clearly. They did it, you know, and I've, I've heard from our whistleblowers very honestly. But in the case of Harley Davidson, I could not in good conscience spend any money with them because that CEO is still there. That's my view on it. He had a goal for the company too, of turning all bikes electric by 2030. That's a man who I believe is not going to stop. And you know, it's just gonna be a matter of time until he tries to reinstitute some of these policies. Robby Starbuck, man, I gotta tell you, you are probably right now one of the top 10 most influential conservatives in America. If people are following you on Twitter, you know, I'm not kidding.


I mean, we have been turning the corner on wokeness thanks to guys like you willing to take on these fights and they can be annoying. I know these aren't easy things to do, to be constantly, constantly, you know, on these companies backs. Robbie, listen, thanks for your time. You're welcome back here. Anytime folks, give him a follow on X at Robby Starbuck, give him a follow as soon as you can retweet these messages because if they're not seen by the public, we're not gonna affect any change. Robbie, thanks again for your time. Really appreciate it. Thank you brother. And thanks for everything you're doing to get Trump elected again. Oh yeah, man, you got it. Absolutely. It's my job, man. That's what I do. Yeah, he's great folks. You would be stunned. Again, it's not like these companies were like Ben and Jerry's.


All right. Whatever. Ben and Jerry's a lefty company. It's gonna go do Bernie Sanders stuff. you know, these are Harley Davidson. Really, really go check out his Twitter feed, you'll see a whole lot more. You'll be really surprised. One of your favorite guests coming up next. Danesh DE Souza. But let's get to our next sponsor.


Hey, it's time for tailgating season. Of course, cookouts with a lot more grilling left in the season. The experts at Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Summer with 50% off Sitewide during their Labor Day sale. Plus you get an extra $20 off my promo code. Bonino is my favorite food. Been a customer for a long time of Omaha Steaks 'cause it's just delicious. Omaha Steaks brings you endless flavor, endless variety and endless value with premium proteins. Sure to satisfy. And it doesn't stop there. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious sides, and of course decadent desserts To sweeten the deals, my favorite food at night, cook it all the time. Whether you're having a cookout or getting fired up for tailgating Savor summer with 50% off Sitewide during the Omaha Steaks Labor Day Sale. Shop today at Omaha Steaks dot com and get an extra $20 off when you use promo code Bonino, B-O-N-G-I-N-O at checkout. Plus every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details.


We talk with my good friend Anesta Sousa about his new movie called vindicating trump. Vindicating trump.com is a website and the latest on what's going on in communist campaign. Check this out, welcoming back to the show, our good friend, Danesh DE Souza Dinesh, welcome back to the show. Dan, great to be on with you. Thank you. You got it. Sorry about that little delay I wanna get to, to your movie. You actually get two good teases for the movie because we gave out the website in the beginning. You have a new movie coming out, vindicating Trump. I've seen the trailer tickets are available@vindicatingtrump.com, the trailer's amazing. I wanna get to that I, just wanna ask you some news of the day stuff, because you're a really fantastic conservative commentator. In addition to being a great filmmaker, this secret service abomination, these failures, Dinesh, which are obvious to people like you and me, one with security experience, one who's just, you know, not at all, but just a smart guy.


This is only acceptable stuff in the government. If you had a football team that was Owen 16, twice over two seasons, like they failed the secret Service twice in two months, everybody be fired. An entire new coaching staff and team would be brought in with the secret service to Nash. Every person in the PI protect, excuse me, protective operations chain, got a promotion out of this. This only happens in government, You know, Dan, it's even by the standards of the government. It's a disaster. I mean, this is, it's worse than the DMV, it's worse than the immigration department because there's a certain amount of government and competence I think we take for granted. Whether it's in the, you know, whether it's in the Air Force or whether it's in welfare programs, whatever government does, it tends to do badly.


But some degree of incompetence, let's say for example, the, you know, DEI hire is at the Secret Service who are, don't quite know how to get the gun in the holster, that kind of thing I can understand. What I don't understand is when you tell the authorities as a guy on the roof in, you know, in fatigues with a backpack and a gun, and Trump is not immediately yanked off the stage, that makes no sense or how this guy could get so close. He's a couple of holes away from the president. He's patrolling Mar-a-Lago for apparently hours and hours. So it goes so much beyond incompetence that you almost begin to wonder is, is is there a bigger story here? Is are they allowing these things to happen?


I think those questions, I don't want to press them too far without knowing more, but they inevitably jump to your mind. Yeah, I mean the, to reasonable people asking Occam's razor like questions, you know, Hamm's, ready? Keep it simple, stupid. you know, parsimony matters when it comes to an answer. Always take the answer Danesh, that requires the fewest amount of assumptions. I mean, people like you and I are like, ah, it's kind of weird, right? Two attackers show up in two months and one, one still going through the criminal process, but the other one dead. And they both seem to know the exact vulnerability point. I mean, of course people are asking that you have this movie coming out vindicating Trump.


Again, tickets available now, vindicating trump.com. Let's make it a huge success. But the, the interesting thing, Dinesh, is you kind of get into the assassination attempts and how they fit into the bigger picture. But we actually are running spots for your movie because I, I love your content. I had to update the spot myself because since the movie I had to make an assassination, attempts like this has happened again, tell us what the movie's about, why you decided to do it, and how important it is for people to get out and make the right choice this election. The, the movie makes a no holds barred defense of Trump. Not just the policies, but also the man.


I mean, Trump is maybe the most divisive figure of our time. You'd have to go back to Lincoln to a man who inspires such opposite reactions where, you know, one group of people will take a bullet for him and the other group of people cheer when somebody tries to kill him. And, but even with Lincoln, the division was kind of over, the issue was over slavery. Whereas with Trump, it's over Trump the man. And you know, there are republicans who will say things like, well, I don't really like him, but you know, I like his policies. Or they say, or they say about Trump, well, you know, he I just wish he'd keep his mouth shut. So it's almost like there's an effort to create a, a new and different Trump. They wanna rehabilitate Trump. And the point I wanna make is that no, in this time of our history, that given the crisis that we're facing now, we don't need to remake Trump.


We, we need Trump as is. Trump is a man of some weaknesses, but extraordinary strengths. Notably the strength of courage and bravery, which he has shown not just in the two assassination attempts, but also the way in which he has withstood and even defeated these 91 criminal charges. Any other Republican, I think we both know would've long fled from the race with three criminal charges. So this is an extraordinary man. And part of what I'm trying to do is, is to say, instead of trying to remake Trump, let's remake our understanding of Trump. I know Donald Trump. I saw the video is personally endorsed the movie folks, it's on my ex account.


If you wanna go check it out, I retweeted it. Check out the trailer. The film's called Vindicating Trump. Tickets available@vindicatingtrump.com. Pretty easy. Please pick up your tickets, especially before the election. Make sure your friends watch it too. Vanessa, can I get to the why here? You're really good. Is this how I first found you 15 years ago? You're just a really good explainer of the why, not just the how things happen with the left, but why has Donald Trump become a such a unique threat? I mean, with Reagan it was, you're right. It was a, he's senile all of a sudden with George W. Bush. He's a war monger. And whether you liked him or hate him, we agree there was a lot of division, no doubt. But it never seemed as personal here. Well, you're right, A guy shot Donald Trump in the head and, and a lot of liberals on Twitter and not just a few are like, oh man, I wish he would've hit him.


I mean, you had this Finman character's wife in Virginia make a joke. No ears were harmed or whatever. I mean, this is really sick, demonic stuff. But, but, but get to the core of why, why, what is it about this guy? My theory quick is he's such a unique threat to the swamp and the urs and all the promised positions because he doesn't need their, their pr he doesn't need TV hits and he doesn't need their money that this guy really has to go where the entire thing could collapse. I am I crazy? Is that part of it? Is there a bigger picture? Well, here's what I, here's how I put it to Trump himself. And his, his reaction is very fascinating in the movie.


And I said, listen, I go, before I came to America, my main exposure to America was westerns. you know what happens in the Western? You've got a, a very beautiful town. It's Shinbone or Pleasantville, everything's going great. There's kind of an old sheriff and there's a salud and there's a provision store. But then some ruthless gangsters come in and shoot up the town, intimidate the sheriff, take over the saloon. So it's like, shinbone is not the same. That's America right now. And then over the mountain, from the outside comes an outsider. That's Trump. Not a lot is known about the guy and the, but the gangsters know right away that he's the threat.


He's the guy they have to deal with. And so all their energy is now aimed at taking him out, getting rid of him. And, and so, and interestingly, the people of the town are not sure about the guy. 'cause there are some people who go, we don't know much about him. Is he really on our side? And so on. I think this is why at the end of a western, the hero always, after the great shootout, rides off he leaves, he goes away. Why? Because he's made Shinbone great again. And, and also the other thing is he could be a gangster himself. He's just, he's just defeated the gangsters, but he wants to show that he is for the people. So I think that this framework is kind of a good way to understand Trump, but even explains why the, the, the old GOP is like envious of him.


They don't like him. It's the way that the old establishment in the town doesn't like the outsider. They don't like the John Wayne, the Clinton Eastwood figure. So to me, Trump is dangerous to them because they're an 800 pound gorilla. But so is he, Man, I'm glad we got this interview to happen. 'cause you just, you, you, you really spurred something in me here. The movie that we're talking at Danesh DE Souza movie comes out September 27th. Am I right, Dinesh September 27th. Yes. Next weekend. And as you know, Dan, you know, opening weekend is critical for a movie. So if you go opening weekend, if you can and take your friends and family, Please, they get your tickets@vindicatingtrump.com, vindicating trump.com.


You may, you reminded me of not to inject comedy into this, but in this case it's relevant. don don't know if you've ever seen it, but there's a pretty famous SNL skit by Dave Chappelle and it's about Donald Trump. And Chappelle talks about how he lives in this small town in Ohio, and he jokes about living around a lot of white people. And he said, don't dismiss Donald Trump the skits years old. But he said, you guys don't understand what's going on here. And he makes the point at the end about how Donald Trump hit Hillary Clinton in the debate about the tax code. And he said, you'll never reform the tax code because you and your friends benefit from it. So Hillary Clinton hit back something like, well, how do you know? And Donald Trump said, because I take advantage of it too.


And he basically acknowledged what you just said. Like he could be the outsider who comes in, in the spaghetti western to save the town, only knows the evil of the demons because he's been sadly immersed among the demons really long time. And skits like the skit at the end, Chappelle says, and that day he said, A star was born when Trump said that, because your friends benefited from nobody knows the system better than him. You know, Dan, just to give you one more image to cement this point, think of the, think of the famous iconic scene. Of course we have it in the movie of Trump coming down the escalator right at Trump Tower. It's almost like the top of the escalator is the elites.


That's where you, you know, Trump was with Oprah and Trump was with Ellen and, and Charlie Rose and all the cool cats. But when he went down, he descended away from all that a fateful decision. Sort of like he's joining the people down there and he's now saying, I'm gonna take up your cause against these elites. So now you can see in a, in a single image how the people rally to Trump. 'cause they know he didn't have to do it. He's got a great life, he's got tons of money. He doesn't have to take all this, but he does it for them. And you can also see why the elites who are at the top of the escalator are fuming and enraged because Trump is like a traitor to his class. He was one of them. He essentially turned against them. He joined with like the pitchfork people and now he's taking on the establishment.


That was the fateful moment. And I think Trump knew it, in which his whole life was never gonna be the same. And it hasn't been Dinesh exit question here. So the movie again, folks, vindicating Trump comes out September 27th. Vindicating trump.com is where you can get your tickets talking to Dinesh, DESA Dinesh, I I I talk to a lot of good solid conservative friends, but we have a small kind of cadre of people that come back on the show. We don't have a big guest portfolio. It's for a reason. I can pretty much predict what every guest is gonna say outside of you guys. That's why I like having you on the show. Are you confident in this election that we can win by a large enough buffer that we can overcome what inevitably is gonna be an effort at cheating?


We've already seen that the Democrats don't want the save act out there because they want a legal to vote. I mean, that's the only reason. Are you comfortable we can do that? I think we can. We've discovered, and this is in the film, a new vulnerability in our election system that has not been focused on, we have a section in the film called the ballot makers and, and Dan, it's absolutely crazy. It turns out that one can buy and make ballots. you know, we think we have gotta get the ballots from the state. So we, but the reason I expose this stuff in the movie is the idea is that you, by exposing it, you blow the cover. You make it impossible to do it. Just like you can't send mules to drop boxes now in the middle of the night.


'cause there are patriots looking for it. So what we're trying to do here is expose these election fraud schemes because the Democrats figure out new ways to cheat. And by anticipating it and exposing it, it's gonna be more hard for them to do it. Wow. That's folks, that's reason enough to watch them. I know Mike's shaking his head right now. He can't believe that's, that's interesting folks, check it out. Go today. Vindicating trump.com. Vindicating trump.com. Pick up tickets for Danesh DE SU's. They're gonna be a, it's gonna do huge numbers, I'm sure of it. Danesh, I've seen the trailer, it's amazing. Thanks a lot for keeping your eyes on this. Really appreciate you coming on today. Sorry about the delay before, but that worked out great.


Thanks a lot buddy. No worries. Thank you. Dan Danesh, DE SU's Media Company. They have a new movie out vindicating Trump. It exposes the reasons the left and the Democrats hate Donald Trump somewhere. You gotta check this movie out. You see the trailer, it's amazing. Film shows you, they call him a tyrannical dictator 'cause they know Trump's the only one that can stop him. So they gotta stop him first. See vindicating Trump and learn how Trump's not only a successful businessman who rebuilt the New York skyline, but a cultural icon who can mobilize the people against the radical left in their anti-American agenda and vindicating Trump. See how Trump fought the authoritarian regime in Washington and got things done for the American people? The film highlights how they tried to bankrupt him with lawsuits and jail him with indictments.


There was even multiple assassination attempts on his life. But Trump is unstoppable. Indicat Trump. It reveals Trump is the one man who can stop the radical left from destroying what's unique and good about America. Check out the trailer. It's amazing. They need his leadership now more than ever. Don't miss the Nest. Deus new movie is unqualified Defensive Trump. Get your tickets online@vindicatingtrump.com. That's vindicating trump.com. Check out the trailer too. Get to the tickets today@vindicatingtrump.com. So shocking and I mean, truly shocking. New numbers came out about the immigration crisis at our southern border, thanks to the failed efforts of Border Zark, Kamala Harris. I went on a fiery rant about this.


There is no way her campaign should continue after this. I want you to listen to this. Check this out. Holy Moses, man, I'm gonna get back to what I was gonna talk about in a second. But I, gotta, I gotta get this out because Jim just said it. He said, if what we just heard on Fox was broadcast across the left-wing, communist media ecosystem, Donald Trump would win 42 states. No, I'm serious. It's, it's that incredible of a story that I, I hope I'm not overselling this, Jim, that Jim and I are listening during the break to the news and we're like, this can't possibly be true. Like it's that bad. Okay, what is it?


The ice director, immigration's Customs enforcement. you know, they're lefties listening, so we gotta take it slow. The Ice Director just released a bunch of statistics, so outrageous that I'm processing it right now. So Kamala Harris, we know as the borders are, we've played multiple videos of media people calling her the borders are Joe Biden delegating the border to her. So we know that's a fact. That's a fact. Media morons, it's a fact. Shut your pie holes. We're not interested in your stupidity. Pie hole.


Shut it. Kamala as the borders are. Period. Fact end the story. Bill Euan on Fox during the break reporting that the ICE director released and some numbers there are 400,000, 400,000. I didn't say the number wrong. Illegal immigrants in the country not being detained. Let me repeat. Not being detained. Who are convicted criminals. You're like, wait, what? Wait. It gets, we're not done. We're not the Jim, are we done? No, we're not.


400,000 illegals in the country who are convicted criminal. I'm not talking about the crime of crossing the border. That's its own independent crime. Everybody who crosses illegally is a criminal by pathologically. I'm talking about other crimes. 400,000, which is like 10 times the population of the actual county I live in here. Here's another one. There are 15,000 illegal immigrants convicted of sexual crimes in the country right now.


15,000 did. Very rarely does a news report kick me in the nuts. I'm, you know, I got a cup on all times. I'm always worried you kick me in the dream be, but I'm like, wow, I'm downstairs, I'm making a little espresso. Espresso, need a little caffeine booster during the day and I'm listening to this, I run upstairs. I'm like, Hey Jimbo, you hearing this crap? Wait, it gets worse.


No it doesn't. Yes it does. Jim, does it get worse? Yes it does. Rush it back to the mic to say I. I can anticipate your answer. There are 13,000, not 13, 13,000 convicted murderer, illegal immigrants in the country right now. No. Yes. Dan, where'd you get the conspiracy theory? Yeah, that came from the Ice director here. Turn on Fox right now. You think I'm messing with you? You can. You can watch it and listen to this. Read the Chiron right now. Breaking news. Ice director.


Ice director. This is Joe Biden's, immigration and customs enforcement guy. So liberal, numb nuts is, don't tell me who conspiracy theory if it is, it's emanating from the White House, 13,000 illegals in the country with murder convictions. Liberals, I know you're really stupid, but murder's kinda like when you like kill someone, you know, you're like bang, bang or stab. Stab. Like that's really, you ever see like Friday the 13th, kill murder, you know, Michael Myers Halloween, Freddy Krueger. You ever see that stuff? That's kinda like the murder thing. you know, you've seen it depicted on film many times. It's really bad because the whole thing about death is it's really final because once you're dead, you're really dead.


Like there's no redoing the dead stuff. So the thing about murder is you can recover from an assault. You don't want people guilty of felony assault in the country, but you can recover from it. You get punched in the face, it's gonna suck. Go to the hospital, put an ice pack on it. You'll generally be okay. Really sucks. You hope the guy gets arrested. They're really horrible crimes too that happen to people. They're awful. They leave mental scars. But you'll probably live, the thing with murder is what makes murder, murder is you probably won't live because that's why it's murder because you didn't live. So I know liberals are having a tough time with this, but this is the Kamala Harris border policy right? Here she is. The border Czar. Period. Shut your mouth Libs.


Turn off the show. I can't stand you. I hate you lying. Stop BSing people. I'd be cursing right now if this was the podcast. 'cause I'm so furious about this. 13,000 convicted murderers crossed the border. 400,000 convicted criminals. 15,000 sex offenders. Good point, Jim. Those numbers folks don't even include the God aways. We don't know about Jim. Why are they called God aways any idea? Because they got it away, man.


Folks, in a normal world, which we do not live in, in a normal world, Kamala Harris would end their campaign today and the media would demand it. No, they would, Kamala Harris would, would end their campaign today. Can you imagine running to be the commander in chief when you are the vice commander in chief, the vice president, you're getting ready to take the role. Okay. That's your job is to be ready. That's your job. The vice president doesn't do anything other than the president of the Senate tie breaking votes, which always go to parties direction anyway. So it's largely just ceremonial. It is. I mean, she's not gonna vote against the Democrat agenda.


So she raises her hand once in a while and Kamala Harris's job is to be ready to be commander in chief. That's her job as the vice president. Can you imagine being the commander in chief? IE job description? Jim, turn on your mic a second. It's Friday. So we should start like, talk a little more. He's like, what? No, I mean, when you're the commander in chief and you're putting together, you, you ever apply for a job and they asked for KSAs knowledge, skills, and abilities to be like Jim. Right? While you're a good radio producer, you, you've, you've done that right, Jim? Absolutely. So, so would you think if you were applying to be, you know, like president of the United States Commander in chief and head of the military, that one of the first things they would ask you is what have you done to keep the United States safe?


You think that would kind of be like a good thing? I think it's A basic question. A kind of a basic question. So Jim, do you think if Kamala Harris answered that question honestly, and the American people knew about her answer and she said, here's what I've done to keep America safe. I was in charge of the border for three and a half years. 8 million people we know about got, and probably another 5 million we didn't know about got in 400,000 criminal convicts, got into the country, 15,000 sex offenders, 13,000 murderers, thousands of tons of fentanyl, and a bunch of kids were child sex trafficked. And there are at least internet rumors right now of surface to air missiles being secreted across our southern border. Do you think that if that got out, that questionnaire of the American people, they'd be like, you are hired kid, perfect for the job.


What do you think? In fairness, you came from a middle class family. That that's what that, that this guy's a genius. So I told him, there's my guy that way. It's right folks. That's the answer, dude. That is the actual answer. She, she would like, she, here's what she would say. She would say first, let me just start here. 'cause that's how she always does that, that's how she resets the question. Let me start here. I grew up in a middle class fab. Actually you did not. We've actually seen the video in your neighborhood. You ever see all in the family? In the beginning, I may be dating myself. But I lived in Glendale and they have the picture of the row homes. That's my neighborhood where I grew up. In case you don't know if you ever saw Archie Bunker, if you took the same video shot rolling down Kamala Harris's Street, I promise you it doesn't look like Glendale where I grew up.


It is not a middle class family. But that is exactly how she, let me tell you a story. I worked in McDonald's, you know, to all Beef Patty special saw her and Stephanie rulers singing this beef patty. They were no, they were actually singing it. They, I, I'm not kidding. You can actually look at it. They think this is hilarious. She did not work at McDonald's. I grew up in a middle class family and then I dated Montel Williams. You can watch the video by the way. You may not let I, but why Everybody laughs when I say this. Like, I, I don't even know why this is funny. Like she, she dated Montel Williams. I'm not even, I I'm not imparting any character judgment. This is what her claim to fame before politics is she dated Montel Williams. If you're like, who's Montel Williams?


Exactly. 99% of the world is saying that too. If you didn't grow up with me and Jim did, okay, she dated Monte Williams. She is then at least, at least we know, had a personal relationship with Willie Brown. I'm not saying anymore 'cause I don't know, and I don't care to get into, I don't really care. Whatever. We know she had a relationship with Willie Brown, who was a big player in, in California politics. We then know they cleared the way for her to be San Francisco da an attorney general for California, and then cleared her path again to be a US Senator. Then we know she was a DEI pick for vice presidency. The low, oh my gosh, you can't say that. I didn't say it. Joe Biden did. And if you guys love DEI and it's such a good thing.


I don't understand why you're embarrassed, Jim, and I did not say, I am going to pick a female black vice president. There's nothing wrong with picking someone who's female and black. Here's what's wrong. Picking someone exclusively based on being female and black. Joe Biden said it. I didn't say it. Why are you embarrassed? Don't you love how the left wing media comes after us? Me and you? I can't believe you said that, Dan. Oh my God, you are definitely, you're like Hitler, you're like a Nazi. I didn't say que. He said it. You can go watch the video Biden, but you made the best Biden point. Biden. If it's such a bad thing, why are they upset?


We say it Reagan. Jim, your mic is on, right? So, you know, I'm not just hearing I'm with you. This is the perfect Michael Anton. That's not happening. But it's great that it is. But Democrats will yell at you and I even some conservatives will yell and go stop saying she was a DEI pick as if it's not happening. But then the Democrats will be arguing in academia, corporate, the corporate world and the sports world. That d i's a great thing. So I don't understand, like, why are you mad at me and Jim for simply telling you what Joe Biden already said.


He clearly stated that his triaging his goals for a vice president little of triage, his number one goal were DEI goals, gender and race. He said it. I didn't say it. I don't know Kamala Harris. She could have been the greatest VP pick ever. I have no idea. I never met her in my life. I'd seen her publicly. She's a train wreck. It's not my fault. I, I I I love when the media people come after you as if we're making this up. And I can't just show you the video of Joe Biden saying it, folks, this is what happens when you pick people imminently not qualified for the job.


Joe Biden made her the border czar breaking just now. It's Chiron on Fox right now. The Ice Director, not some right winger. It's not, you know, Jim's aunt May calling in the show. The ice director under Biden has just come out with a absolutely, here's another one. They, they right. 15,000 migrants convicted of sex crimes roaming free in the United States. In any sane world, Kamala Harris would end the campaign today. You realize she's down at the border kicking you in the balls right now.


She is traveling to Arizona today to celebrate her victory at the border, while a shocking report that just came out is being released. Folks, if you weren't listening to me right now, and not that I would ever trust the communist media, media people, if you have a shred of human dignity in your DNA from the five to three prime end, right? Just a shred of it. Just a shred of it, you will not, you will not walk away until you get an answer on this question. While she's at the border today, VP Harris, you were don. Don't even use your, you wanna charge up root causes, whatever.


Whatever crap euphemism you want to use for borderers are, well, one of the root causes keeping 400,000 convicted criminals, 15,000 sex offenders and 13,000 murders outta the United States. 'cause the ice director's reporting this today, lamb, John, lemme tell you, I was raised in next to a McDonald's in a middle class community, and sometimes people would come in and ask for the senior coffee and I sometimes I would buy the senior some coffee and then a kid came in and he asked for a small fry and I snuck in a little extra in the bag because five guys was doing it.


Or what is, what do you, this I just asked you about 15,000 sex offenders in the United States. Let me tell you, I actually was, they're so generous. I used to put extra ketchup in the bag if they offered a whopper on, I mean, I'm sorry, big Mac. I worked at McDonald's. Like I said, Hey, thanks for checking out the podcast. Please join us every day at 11:00 AM You can do it by downloading the free Rumble app or you can just go to Rumble dot com slash bonino if you wanna watch on desktop. You can also watch any time on demand. The episodes are available at your viewing pleasure. Thanks for tuning in. See you on Monday. You just heard Dan Bonino.