
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome to Sunday podcast. This is our chance to play for you some of the best moments from the radio show and some great interviews during the week that you may have missed. If you ever want to check out our show, go to bonino.com, go to Station Finder and see what radio station we're on near you. You'll love it. I promise you. We put a lot of work into the radio show. Check it out.


But before that, lemme tell you about our first sponsor. Do you trust your internet service provider? Depending on where you live, ISBs may be required to keep logs of your online activity. Just in case the government wants to take a peak in the us. ISPs can legally sell your browsing history to whoever they want. So the obvious solution is to get a VPN like I have. The one I use is Express VPN Express, VPN Reroutes, my online traffic through encrypted service. So my ISP can't get their hands on it any reliable. VPN gets a certain number of data requests from the government and law enforcement Express VPN received over 300 of these requests in the past year alone. And none of them resulted in any of the customer's data being exposed. Zero Express VPN simply doesn't have any of the customer's activity logs thanks to specially engineered server architecture that runs on volatile memory. Nothing is ever saved to disc. So if you want the VPNI trust to protect my online privacy, then get express vpn. In fact, you can get three extra months of express VPN for free just by using my special link. Go to express vpn.com/bonino. That's ex PRS express vpn.com/panino to get three extra months free.


First up today we talked with my good friend Sean Parnell. He's a combat vet and a really wonderful guy from Pennsylvania. Nobody knows more about the military than Sean talking about the attacks, the gross attacks on another friend of ours, Pete Hegg, said the nominee for defense secretary, you're gonna wanna listen Folks, it's a real disgrace. What's happening to Pete Hegseth, who is a combat veteran? What happens to these men who, and, and women who we, we, You know, we put overseas and these men we put in harm's way who have to suffer psychological and physical scars for the rest of their lives for having to do, do really bad things for us.


We ask them to go out there and we ask them, you have to take that other man's life 'cause they're going to attack your fellow countrymen and they are a danger to your friends and family. And they do it. And a lot of 'em come back, understandably, with a lot of issues that need to be dealt with that does not disqualify these men and women of character and integrity from public life or anything else. And if you are gonna disqualify him, then you damn well can disqualify me. And everyone else here to talk about Pete Hegseth and what's happened to him as a good friend, a combat veteran himself, a man who knows and has had the experience. Our friend from Pennsylvania, Sean Parnell. Sean, thanks for your time.


We appreciate it. Hey Dan, thank you for having me, my friend. Well, there's no one, no one else to really have on this because I don't have a lot of friends with combat experience like you do. You've been there, You know what that feeling is like. It is a, You know, I hate the word unique, but it is a unique experience. If you haven't been there, you can comment on it, but you're never gonna comment from experience. I think it's a damn shame what's happening to Pete Hegseth, these allegations of, You know, improper use of alcohol. One, because they're fake. I worked with Pete, but second Sean, You know, there's nothing wrong with, You know, Pete sitting down with a friend and having a beer or a drink sometime to talk about what happened over there.


I mean, people do it all the time as long as you do it responsibly with Pete. Always did. That's not a story. And and it's really a shame what's happening to him. The, the destruction of his character. Oh, and then this is their playbook. They did the same exact thing to me. I don't wanna even go into any of that, but this is very personal to me because one, I know Pete, I've known him long before he was even on Fox, Fox News. I worked with him directly when he was at Concern Veterans for America. I was his senior advisor. So when I saw that hit piece come out from the New York, the New Yorker, immediately I knew it was completely bogus and, and to the drinking thing did.


10 plus years ago, Pete and I go out after a CVA event and have a, have a couple of drinks with, You know, the other men and women who served this country front towards enemy in support of America's wars for 20 years. You're darn right, we did. But did anything ever get out of hand? Of course not. I mean, Dan, the entire business model of the VFW is built around veterans getting together and having a couple of drinks together. There's nothing out of the ordinary about this. I mean, your lead in was perfect. I mean, you go to war. I served in combat for 485 days. Some of my men were wounded twice. One person was wounded three times.


I was wounded as well. We, we served on the Afghan Pakistan border. My platoon killed over 350 enemy fighters didn't hurt or kill a single civilian that entire time. We're proud of that service, but I would be lying to you if I told you that it didn't affect you in a very deep and profound way. And our men and women come home changed from those experiences. And Pete is a guy who understands exactly what that's like because guess what? He served in Iraq, he served in Afghanistan, he served in Guantanamo Bay looking after the prisoners who were trying to kill him. And now this guy gets nod for Secretary of Defense.


And like we're supposed to believe that despite being in the public eye for 10 years, that all of a sudden the media's all of a sudden gonna be honest and saying that Pete Pete's the worst guy in the world. There is a motivation behind what they're doing, and it is protect, protecting the interests of the military industrial complex. These defense con contractors who profit off of sending America's sons and daughters into the fight and the lucrative contracts that they get. Pete is a threat to all of that. And that's exactly why you're seeing character assassination of that, of that man right now. Well, talking to Sean Parnell, Sean, you have a really invaluable perspective here because like me, you've been a candidate for public office on the federal side, but unlike me, you're a combat vet.


I'm not. I was never in the military. So you've actually seen both sides of this. And if this is really kind of the red line that the communist scumbag hack media and the left-wing commies are gonna draw in the sand that You know, you go overseas, you suffer the psychological and physical ramifications of having to kill our enemies while these media people sit in their cushy office on their fat asses here and just write about it. And then if you come back and have a beer once in a while, that all of a sudden you are eliminated from public office, then you are going to get the worst of the worst zeros. Some of the most invaluable American citizens we've had since the foundation of this republic have been people willing to put their asses on the line for others.


This is an unattainable standard. And they are only doing this because of what you just said. He is going to ask the question before we send our men and our women overseas to die on foreign soil. Why? Why are we going? And that's the one thing they don't want. I could not agree with you more. I mean, listen, You know, I know what it's like. I was a combat veteran. I I I had my name on that ballot. They used the same playbook on me, the va, someone at the VA leaks my medical records. All of a sudden I'm an angry combat veteran. The media paints this false picture of me. Like I'm a day away from climbing a bell tower with a sniper rifle, a threat to everybody around you.


Oh, he drinks too much. Oh, he is angry. It's the same thing. And You know, yeah, I'm okay with a little bit different. And I think President Trump is as well in terms of a direction of the Pentagon. You saw what happened in Afghanistan. We fought there for 20 years. I mean, Dan, I'm 43 years old. We were at war in Afghanistan for half of my life. What do we have to show for it? A horrifying, embarrassing surrender on the world stage. And Iraq for just about that same amount of time. Thousands of Americans dead, tens of thousands of Americans wounded, hundreds of thousands of Americans in both of those wars suffering from the invisible wounds of war. A million Iraqis dead. What do we have to show for it?


Trillions of dollars in debt. And these very same experts are that embroiled us in a quagmire in Ukraine that if we stay on this path, the end will be exactly the same. So, so You know what? I'm okay with somebody that's outside the box. I'm okay with a, with a war fighter who knows what it feels like to have bullets cracked By head running the show. Sean, Sean, he's not Pete. At no point Pete Hegseth at no point is saying, Hey listen, my behavior's beyond reproach, this was all great. At no point has he said that. He has said, listen, I've had personal problems in the past and what worries me is they, yes, they did this same thing to you.


'cause I strongly supported you for office when you ran, they did the exact same thing. Here's what worries me. I'm not, I'm not even a veteran, but I nobody loves their military more than I do. True God bless everything you guys have done for us. Guys like you who suffer the unseen scars of war, the things you've seen and have to deal with the rest of your life are now gonna have to do it quietly. Because the first thing you're thinking, if you go and actually talk to someone and seek some help, hey man, this is an issue. The first thing you're gonna be thinking, is this gonna be used as some tactical weapon against me in the future if I'm nominated for a board position somewhere or a government position? It's disgusting. You are a hundred percent right. My wife said this to me, my now wife when I was running for Senate, she said, You know what Sean?


Like you can handle all this. I ended up getting outta the Senate race to be with my children and be a father to my children. But she said, You know, the real tragedy here, you can defend yourself. You've always been able to defend yourself. You're a fighter. But there are thousands of veterans out there who might be trying to evaluate whether or not they want to get help. And now they won't because they see how you were treated just because you wanted to serve your country. And Pete is the same damn thing. Oh, so the guy leaves, think about this. He leaves Fox, Fox and Friends, which is a frigging dream. Jobs making ton of money there, right? Goes see the Secretary of Defense, huge pay cut. All he wants to do is altruistic intention of serving his country and making our military better.


And by the way, You know, our children and grandchildren, this means that they will, they inherit a military that is lethal, that is awesome, that is high as breed corps that is not getting us involved in these ridiculous, endless wars. I mean, this affects all of us. And here's Pete saying, yeah, I wanna serve my country volunteers to do it again after having served it once already and put his life on the line. And this is what he has to endure on the behalf of a spoiled, rotten, ungrateful media that does nothing but serve itself. It makes it, it makes me sick to my stomach for what this man, and, and by the way, his wife and his children are having to go through right now.


Yeah, no, Sean, listen, a lot of men are, are damaged and You know, it's not, You know, this, I mean, you're a testosterone guy like me. You know, it's not comfortable to talk about guys just aren't like that. We just aren't like, I don't call, I, Sean and I are close personal friends, but I don't call Sean, Sean, I need to talk about what happened this week. Everybody, they're like, you figure it out. Like, guys, I'm not telling you it's right or wrong folks. I'm just saying like, that's not guys typically don't do that. But You know, this makes me think of this, this student I had when I was in the training academy as an instructor, he was an Afghan, well Bovet, he was a Marine. This guy Jason. And the only reason I say his name is 'cause he told me when he told me he was okay, But he sent me an email probably 10 years after I had an experience this with him. And I always said to my, I said, man, This isn this guy, he just doesn't talk.


And he was such a good guy. He wrote me this email about his combat experience one time. And I gotta tell you, Sean, he was talking about things like the pink mist when bodies explode in front of you. And he said, I live with these horrible dreams of awful things happening to my daughter. And he's like, I can't get it outta my head. And You know, the battle buddies who are hurt and things I saw people doing in the, in the desert out there. And I read this email on the air and I thought to myself, You know, you can deal. You guys are tough, you combat vets are tough. You can deal with, You know, a wound, a gunshot, You know the modern medical technology, it's gonna suck, but I promise you you'll deal with it and you'll get through it. My congressman here, Brian Mast has no legs.


He's had both of his legs blown off in an EOD attack. He dealt with it, he's now a congressman. It's not, it's a horrible situation. But he got through it. But those mental scars and what these guys deal with, and now you're gonna attack the guy for having a beer once in a while when no person on the record has said that he's anything other than a man of integrity who may have went out and legally celebrated with a couple of friends once in a while. It's total bull. You get the point? Yeah, I do. And don't you want somebody who has those experiences, those life and death experiences, who knows what it means to make a decision holding someone's life in your hand and, and knowing that if you make a bad decision, You know, an America son or daughter might come home in a body bag.


Don't you want somebody who's had to make those decisions on the battlefield, calling the shots at the very top? Yeah. And advising the president of the United States on defense matters in national security matters for this country. I do. Does that mean a perfect a person like that is, is not gonna have some struggles, especially when they come back from the war. I mean, we're not even talking about 30 years later. We're talking about years after, just a couple years after he came back from the fight. I mean, to me, these things are qualifiers and I'm, and I, he's, he's the perfect guy for the, he's he definitely not a single Senate Republican should vote against this guy. Yeah, if they do, Sean, we really do have to activate the network. This has gotta be a line in the sand for us. This is way too important.


They've already taken one scalp and we can't let the swamp win on this one there. You know, folks, I hate the word. Literally. I can't stand it. This is literally a life or death matter. It is. And ever, not figuratively. We agree. Sean Parnell, I gotta run. I will get back to you with that thing right after the show we were texting about. But I really appreciate you coming on last minute. You're an invaluable voice. And, and thank you for your incredible service to this country in combat a grateful nation. Really, really appreciates. And I know my listeners do everything you and your colleagues in the military have done. Thank you so much. You got it brother. Thank you for having me. You got it folks. It's just hard for me as a guy who, You know, my greatest regret in my life is not going into the Marine Corps.


I feel like I let you all down. I do. I feel like I should have done it. And the NYPD called and I just, I was going broke. I needed the money. I figured I could go back in the reserves later and I never did it. I never did it. And that there's no service like our military and to just beat these guys up for coming back damage. I'm not apologizing for anyone. I'm not telling you that, oh, he should have done this and you should ignore it. I'm not telling you that at all. Incorporate it into your decision making. But just know this, real men make enemies in life and real men have to make really hard decisions. And some of those decisions come with secondary effects you didn't intend. And maybe you did some bad things, but that doesn't disqualify you from taking a leadership position.


And I'd rather have a guy damaged who knows what that damage looks like and will make decisions to avoid that damage in someone else than some think tank loser with a Harvard degree or whatever. Has never spent a day on a foreign combat battlefield having a bullet whiz by his head coming up another great interview. But let's hear from our next sponsor first.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've got the solution for you. Don't feel tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a really horrible toll on your health. There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of beams Dream powder. They sent me some over a year ago and I've enjoyed it ever since. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Other sleep aids, they have this problem they can cause the next day grogginess but not dream. It contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athena Apogen and Melatonin helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, that's important. And wake up refreshed Beam Cyber Monday Sale has been extended exclusively for Dan Bongino. Show listeners, get up to 45% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code Bonino, get some sleep, try the game changing product. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off


Up. Next we talk about the law fair expert of experts Mike Davis about the Hunter Biden, pardon and what it really means. He's got some really interesting insights and as Jim producer Jim knows, he really likes the word scumbag a lot, which applies really well to the Biden crew. Listen to this. So whenever we wanna dive into Lawfare, which is sadly grown geometrically within our former Constitutional republic. This is the guy pretty much everyone in the conservative media ecosystem goes to. He's one of the two Mikes, Mike Bens for deep state stuff. And then the great Mike Davis for stuff.


Mike, welcome back to the show. It's great to have you. Thank you for having me back on. Yo, you're great to have on. Mike works with the Article three project also as a law clerk for Justice Gorsuch. So he knows what he's talking about. Mike, this Hunter Biden pardon is, is a fiasco. It really, it may be a great messaging opportunity for the MAGA movement 'cause Donald Trump has been warning about this broken system of injustice. However, I I think you'd agree it's a disaster for the United States around the world. It makes us look like a third world, You know, tinpot dictatorship. And I think there are really gonna be long-term consequences for United States prestige overseas. Your your thoughts on that part first, I agree with you completely.


And isn't it amazing that Joe Biden, the biggest scumbag to ever occupy the White House, has knocked these Biden Democrats off their high horse when it comes to the justice system. Remember they were saying that, You know, basically Trump and his supporters are pariahs and they're all about the rule of law. Well, Joe Biden's, pardon? And the Biden Democrats indefensible defense of this. Pardon? Just proves that they're all scum. I played your clip before from Bannon's War Room and there's no more appropriate word. I mean, what happened over there, Mike in Ukraine, Ukraine's been used as a piggy bank for a long time.


I wrote about it in one of my books. I was just discussing it before you come, came on pro-European factions versus pro-Russia factions. This is nothing new. Some Republicans were involved in this too. They're certainly not free of it, but Hunter Biden was knee deep in it for a whole lot of money. And the issue here is this happened while his dad was the vice president and I made the case. And again, I'd like to get your thoughts on this, that this pardon isn't really about protecting Hunter Biden. They don't care about Hunter Biden, it's about protecting Joe Biden and Barack Obama because they clearly knew that there was some illicit exchange of information for influence paddling and money that went on while Obama was in the White House.


Yeah, of course. Do, does anyone think that anyone in their right mind would hire Hunter Biden a crackhead dous to do anything, let alone pay this guy millions of dollars? I mean, what the hell do they think they're buying? What, what, what did the Biden family do for the $23 million in counseling that House oversight chairman James Comer has been able to show through bank statements, subpoenaed bank statements that went into what seems like every scumbag Biden's bank accounts, except for the 6-year-old granddaughter who they finally claimed before the election, and now they've already taken down her Christmas stocking after the election.


What, what did they think that they were buying from the Bidens for this $23 million? WW Was it Hunter Biden's expertise in the geopolitics of Ukraine and Russia? I mean, it's obviously corruption and this, this, pardon going back conveniently to 11 years to the start of this corrupt deal between Barisma and, and Hunter Biden. It, it is just purely coincidence, right? Yeah, we're talking to Mike Davis, article three project former law clerk for Justice Gorsuch expert on government law Fair Mike, I I know you're, You know, probably the soon to be appointed Viceroy in the Trump team and I'm, we're all very excited about that position.


It's gonna be great to be cleaning up government over there. But so as Viceroy Scott Jennings, conservative commentator on CNN and it's had a lot of viral clips lately. Well, how CNN hasn't fired him. I'm stunned because he seems to speak the truth over there a lot. But he made the point recently, and I'd love to get your thoughts on this, that this is not the hill to die on. I mean, I get it. That the Democrats are collectivists socialists and generally come at, at strain of the party has now taken over since the death of the DLC. But this is not the hill to die on. I mean, the Biden family has a sorted history of corruption, plagiarism, lying, disgusting personal behavior.


I mean family scandals that just, again, plagiarism, lying about his history in law school. This is not the hill to die on. They could save their party brand and I'm not here to give him advice, but they could save their party brand and at least make a political argument by just saying, Hey man, this was just a bad call. It was a stupid call. He shouldn't have done it. He's his dad, whatever. But they can't even do that. They're still defending this thing. Yeah, I mean that's, they're like taking the cyanide pills in the bunker with Joe Biden right now. It's amazing that they're still defending this scumbag and, and particularly his scumbag son, hunter, You know, with Democrats, you thought that once someone's no longer useful to your quest for power, they throw you overboard.


So it's surprising that there are still Democrats who are willing to, to defend Joe Biden at this point. Maybe they're, You know, maybe they're on the take as well. But I would say this, this pardon of Hunter Biden proves that everything Joe Biden and these Biden Democrats did against President Trump was absolutely unquestionably welfare and election interference. Mike, you, you, You know a lot about the legal profession. What is your take on Jonathan Turley, a constitutional law professor? You see him often on Fox, his take about the perjury argument that right now, given that Hunter Biden was given the most expansive pardon in modern US history, there's certainly no no correlate.


I've seen this really expansive, pardon? That he now, if he subpoenaed in front of Congress about the matters he's been pardoned on, can't plead the fifth. So he would have to in turn speak about the matter if he were to perjure himself and lie about his dad's role, that that could be, that perjury crime would be a new crime. Do, do you think that's plausible or is that, or or, or is that a stretch? 'cause a lot of my listeners, they don't, they don't wanna let this go. And, and, and I don't either. This was really a disgraceful stain on the American body politic with the bidens Did Jonathan Turley's Exactly right. Once you give someone a a pardon like this, at least for federal crimes, you can't, you cannot assert your Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination if you don't face criminal jeopardy.


And by giving this pardon to Hunter, he doesn't face federal criminal jeopardy. Now, he could argue possibly that if he testifies, it could subject him to state for, to state charges for corruption. But for as it relates to federal charges, he can now, he cannot assert the Fed the fifth, the fifth Amendment for his testimony before grand juries or Congress. And I would say this to the House Judiciary Committee, the House Oversight Committee, the House Intel Committee get moving on subpoenaing Hunter Biden make him testify because this is so much bigger than hookers and blow with this scumbag. This is about the president of the United States being compromised by $23 million in couching to his family members.


And they need to do an intel assessment to figure out what did the, what did Joe Biden give to these foreign actors, these corrupt foreign actors in exchange for this $23 million to Joe Biden's family? Yes, yes. We're talking to Mike Davis, Mike that, that's the point. I've been trying to kind of tattoo on the audience's brain. That's the important part here. This wasn't a simple, Hey, let's get access to Joe Biden through his son operation, You know, maybe some Legislational pass in the United States that'll benefit us and aid Bill. No, this is more complicated than that. There are very serious allegations that deeply classified bodies of information regarding Ukraine and the region may have made its way to Ukrainian officials via the Biden family.


I mean, the Biden classified documents case is tied into all of this. And if that happened, there is a compelling government interest and an immediate one in doing what you just said, a damage assessment and, and some, You know, legal retribution for this to make sure that this doesn't happen again and no one gets this idea again. Well, let's Think about it this way. We had, when President Obama put Vice President Joe Biden in charge of Ukraine and the Biden family went on the take abruptly, what did Putin do? He smelled weakness and he invaded Crimea. We had four years of peace and prosperity under President Trump.


We did not have aggression by Putin in Ukraine. Biden's back hunter's back, the corrupt Biden family's back on the take in Ukraine. And now Putin tried to take the rest of the, take the rest of Ukraine. How many hundreds of billions of dollars have we spent because Putin smelled biden's corruption and weakness. This was an avoidable war in Ukraine. And the reason we have a war in Ukraine is because the Biden corruption. Yeah. Talking to Mike Davis, Mike, let me switch topics quickly. Cass Patel is nominated to be the next director of the FBI. Of course we have to fire Christopher Ray first who's indicated he's not gonna step down.


His term runs through 2027. That is perfectly within the president's purview to do that. He's done it before with Jim Comey. Christopher a I believe needs to go. He is been terrible as bad as Jim Comey, but I think they fear Cash Patel for a reason. I always measure the effectiveness of a pick by the media overreaction and they've been losing their minds. I think what they're afraid of here is there's never been really an honest bookkeeping and an opening in the books about what happened during Spygate and the collusion hoax. Those are not the same thing. They're interrelated. The collusion hoax was obviously a fabricated fairy tale initiated by Comey and his operators and fusion GPS and the spying on the Donald Trump team was a separate matter with the collusion hoax as a pretext to do it.


But I think that that book is not yet, has not done being written yet. And You know, Holman Jenkins at the Wall Street Journal has indicated there's a deeper story there about FBI malfeasance. I think that's why they're afraid of Cash Patel. Well, they should be because they made up the Russian collusion hoax and the Crossfire hurricane investigation. They lied to the Pfizer court. They worked with the, the Steele dossier, with the Clinton campaign, Perkins Kuey, the Obama White House Vice President Biden, the Ag, the FBI, they made up the Russian collusion hoax because Hillary Clinton had her illegal home server as Secretary of State, not only with our nation's most classified secrets, but the Clinton Foundation pay for play foreign bribery schemes.


The Clinton Foundation is taking tens of millions of dollars from these corrupt foreign actors. What did Hillary Clinton do in exchange for that quid grow quo foreign bribery and corruption. They, they remember she got caught. She destroyed the evidence. She bleach bitted the server. She took hammers to the devices. She thought the evidence was gone, but maybe just, maybe the evidence wasn't gone. Maybe our worst enemy, China and Russia hacked this server and had the evidence and maybe just, maybe that's why they came up with the Russian collusion hook. So if this evidence came out before the 2016 campaign, the Hillary campaign could point to a campaign dirty trick by the Trump campaign with the Russians.


And you say, oh Mike, that's crazy. How could you think that they did the same thing with button Hunter Biden's laptop and the Biden family corruption in 2020. They had the, the 51 former Intel officials work with the current CIA to say it had all the hallmarks of a Russian disinformation campaign. The whole reason they're trying to take out Trump with this law is because he, he declassified Crossfire hurricane the day before he left office. The FBI, the CIA ran to Mark Meadows, the chief of staff and said, you can't put out these declassified crossfire hurricane presidential records because you're gonna violate the privacy act. You're gonna reveal sources and methods.


Mark Meadows said, okay, the day they left office, January 20th, 2021, do your Mark Meadows issued a memo? Do your Privacy Act review, get out these documents. Well guess what? They didn't do the Privacy Act review. They didn't get off the documents. They did the Mor LIGO read instead. That's gonna come out with Cash Patel. Yeah, there you go folks. And by the way, that is not your theory. There is I I believe absolutely spot on. And there are a number of other Spygate collusion hoax, investigative reporters, credible people you and I both know who are leaning in that same direction that Jim Comey knew all of this the entire time. And that classified Appendix Jenkins talks about all the time in the Wall Street Journal that when that comes out, it's gonna be an eyeopener for a lot of Americans.


Mike Davis, thanks so much for your time. Article three Project, a law clerk for Justice Gorsuch and a generally good guy, Mike. We really appreciate it. Thanks for coming on. Thank you Mike Davis. Man, like I told you, you wanna talk Lawfare. That's the guy to do it. Another interesting interview next, but let's hear from our next sponsor.


First, there's nothing better than lounging with the family in the COMT pajamas on Christmas morning and cozy earth's women's stretch knit long sleeve bamboo pajama set and men's pajamas are designed for those cherished moments of relaxation. Relaxing in bed is more your thing. You're gonna love cozy earth's bamboo sheet set. I have 'em on my bed. Elevating everyday luxury into something everyone will use and absolutely adore. Cozy earth sheets are so breathable, you'll sleep several degrees cooler and their dur weave fabric won't pill guaranteed for 10 years, cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of all products. Plus cozy earth bedding and bath products. Have a 10 year warranty wrap the ones you love in luxury with, with Cozy Earth. Want your cozy earth pajamas by Christmas order by December 13th for free shipping? You missed it. You can still get expedited shipping until December 20th to ensure it arrives in time. Don't wait. Head to cozy earth.com/bonino now Use my exclusive code bonino for up to 40% off. Give the gift of luxury and comfort this holiday season. That's cozy earth.com/bonino. If you get a post-purchase survey, just say you heard about Cozy Earth from The Dan Bongino Show podcast. We'd appreciate it.


January 6th expert Julie Kelly came on to talk about the appointment of Kash Patel and the Hunter Biden. Pardon and what the deep state is really worried about. Make sure you listen. Now there is a nexus between this disastrous story of the Hunter Biden. Pardon? And it is, it is a, an absolute threat to our government institutions. Everything. There's a messaging opportunity to clean it up, but it's a mess. And January 6th and whenever there's a nexus to anything, January 6th, I bring on the person who wrote the book title. Jim, what's the title of the book? January. That's it's crazy. January 6th, Julie Kelly. Julie, welcome back to the show.


Always good to have you. Thanks for joining us. Thanks Dan. And I like to keep things easy. You know, we don't need complicated titles. January 6th, that's all we need. Do You know how many people they say? Yeah, Dan, you mentioned the book a few times, like the title I'm like January 6th. Yeah. You know, I know that's what No, no, that's the title January 6th. I love that. Keep it real simple. That's a brilliant marketing story. I love it. But the book's amazing. Gives you the real story and I'll get, I'll get to the nexus between, You know, where I'm going with this. But I want to hit you up with the general kind of, pardon first Julie. I said in the first hour of the show, and I want your to take on it that yes, this is a tremendous opportunity for us to message against the deep state. We, we know what you and I have known as real for a long time now it's absolutely irrefutable, but let's be candid, I mean this is really terrible for our country.


We're an embarrassment on the international stage. Faith in institutions now is totally collapsed. No serious person that's not a diehard ideologue believes like, You know, justice is blind or any of these other tropes anymore. Thi this, this Obama Biden regime has really decimated faith in institutions across the board. It absolutely has. And You know, there's recent polling that bears this out. There was a Gallup poll released in September that shows historically low trust factors by the American people in our major institutions. And a few of the institutions with the lowest approval ratings are the Department of Justice and the FBI.


And that is precisely because starting with Obama, and of course you wrote the book on Crossfire hurricane, starting with that weaponizing and politicizing the DOJ first against Trump campaign advisors, the president himself, his family members, and then of now more than 1500 of his supporters who are ensnared and caught up in the unprecedented vengeful prosecution of the events of January 6th. So they are directly responsible. And this is just the latest thumb in the eye of, You know, Mr Rule of law. And You know, our threats to democracy, Joe Biden has been warning about for four years.


And now at the end of the day, pardoning his son. Not just for the crimes for which he has been convicted, but crimes he apparently committed over the past four years while his father was president. Just a breathtaking scope of this clemency, protecting Hunter Biden from his criminality and of course his families as well. Julie's got a great substack. We're talking to Julie Kelly, she's Julie Kelly, two on X and you can check out our substack. You've been all over January 6th. Like I said, you wrote the book about it. However, I don't want people to forget that you've been all over the documents scam in Mar-a-Lago too. The raid of Melania Trump's underwear drawer by federal agents who magically couldn't seem to find another way to get these.


I mean, even though cooperation was happening. But this goes back to my point that yes, acknowledging this is awful for the United States. Period. Full stop, ARU, this should not have happened. We look like idiots. But if Biden is going to engage in this type of corruption, then damn well we're gonna expose and message it. And this has been a gift for people like you screaming the deep state is real. Just like the documents case where Biden's DOJ was like, oh my gosh, Trump stole these documents even though he had the declassification authority. And then what does it turn out? Biden's got stolen documents. I mean this guy cannot get out of his own way. Governments weaponized and he pardons his kid for importantly, Julie, a potential crime in Farrah that Biden himself is involved in.


Right? And I mean, I think you just raised a very important point. The charges that were finally brought against Hunter Biden were slap on the wrist compared to the international crime racket that Hunter Biden at the direction of the big guy, his father helped direct dating back to his days even before he was named to the par barisma quote unquote board of directors. Which of course he was not a board member, he was a lobbyist and he never registered as such, similar to his business dealings with other foreign adversaries, including China and Russia. So, You know, this is the minimal kind of prosecution that could have been brought against Hunter Biden.


So he's gonna get away with all of this. And to your point, at the same time the FBI conducted that armed raid of Mar-a-Lago, nine hours under the ruse of trying to find government papers, rummaging really violating the terms of an already very broad search warrant by rummaging through Melania's Personal Suite and Baron Trump's bedroom. At the same time, we now know Joe Biden's top associates were scouring Penn Biden Center and, and Biden's home looking for similar documents knowing that this investigation was underway by the Biden DOJ and knowing that it was going to result in some sort of indictment.


So, and I know this from covering the documents case, there's proof Dan of collusion between the Biden White House, his general counsel or Deputy General counsel, Jonathan Sue working with officials at the DOJ and the National Archives to concocted documents case dating back to the spring of 2021. This was always their plan. And so here, once again, just a be brazen slap in your face, double standard of justice, where not only was Joe Biden never held accountable for holding national defense information and his ghost writer destroying evidence at the same time. Right? You know, now, now we have his, his son off SCO free.


We're talking to Julie Kelly, the author of the book January 6th. I, I wanna get to the Cash Patel appointment in a minute in relation to what you just said, the collusion between the Biden White House and the DOJ. But I, I just want to kind of put a bow on this. My opinion and, and I'd like to get your thoughts on this, is that this is really not about protecting Hunter Biden. Joe Biden doesn't care about his son. If he did, he wouldn't have sent him overseas with a crack problem. So please spare me like the good dad arguments. I'm not interested, I told to tell my audience if, if you're a Republican and you're gonna go with that, like you are being gaslit to the Phantom Zone. But I believe this is about protecting Obama. Obama and Joe Biden. You have to remember, people forget that it was Obama that made Biden the point man on Ukraine.


You can't tell me Julie with a straight face with the mounds of evidence saying otherwise that Obama didn't know what Biden was up to with this money laundering scheme for information using his family as conduits Obama had to know, they're not protecting Hunter. Hunter probably threatened or implied or winked and nodded at the family. Hey man, I don't get a pardon. It'd be a real shame if I like wrote a book or something. This is about protecting Obama and Joe, not Hunter. Absolutely. Right. And You know, who else turned a blind eye to all of this as it was unfolding during the Obama years? Jack Smith, the Special Council. Oh yeah. Who was head of the public integrity Unit from 2010 to 2014, end of 2014 when the Bidens were flying around on Air Force two, taking Hunter to China and other locations, You know, vacuuming up all of this foreign money to put into the Biden family bank account.


Jack Smith turned a blind eye and now where is he? He is going to be the target of A DOJ investigation and congressional Republican investigation into abusing his authority and committing probably several crimes in the process obstructing justice, for example, fabricating, tampering with evidence that we know happened with the Mar-a-Lago rate destroying evidence, which came out during the classified documents, court proceedings. So he turned a blind eye as well. And to your point, yes, once again, all of this points back to the reign of Barack Obama, the weaponization of the DOJ and the wink and the nod of the Hunter and Joe and Jim Biden, Sarah Biden, all of them.


Family crime racket, Right? Talking to Julie Kelly, follower on X, she's at Julie Kelly. Two, check out our substack. Julie, let's get the January 6th. An area you, again, you wrote a book about it. You have a lot of expertise on the matter. There is now zero argument to be made to not pardon people for these abuses of justice where grandmothers walking into the capitol, who at at best, I'm not even, I'm not telling you this woman, but even at best should have been said, eh, You know, it was a trespass thing, whatever, we're gonna let it go. A lot of confusion, I think no criminal charges should have been filed against anyone at all. Even make them get an attorney for that. As obscene. There are people rotting in the gulag.


Now, the case against a pardon for abuses of justice now against the J, the J six political prisoners is now completely, utterly gone. I don't want to hear a peep from the left wing media about it. You've been advocating for this for a while, but your thoughts on this now, that approach to it has been totally vindicated. Absolutely Dan and I think the any upside, and yes, it is a disgrace, another humiliation to our country by Joe Biden, what he did with his son's blanket, pardon? Last night for 11 and 11 year time period. But the only upside is that this completely justifies a similarly broad clemency offer by President Trump to every JS six defendant, even if they're accused of violence, a scuffle with police or, or physically or getting into some sort of confrontation with police.


They were still subjected to a hyper-partisan, rigged legal, judicial and jury system in Washington dc. Think about this, Dan, not a single JS six defendant has walked out of a jury trial, acquitted of all charges. DOJ has a 100% conviction rate in Washington DC for j Sixers y because it's completely rigged against them. So yes, I think a blanket pardon is absolutely appropriate. Dan, they're holding three trials of j Sixers in Washington today. Today they are still bringing charges and putting these people before Washington DC voters who voted 93% for Kamala Harris in the November election.


So regardless of the offenses, the charges, it has been a rigged system from the start. And I think if Joe Biden's gonna talk about selective prosecution and targeting his son because of his political views or affiliations, Donald Trump now has the words that Joe Biden offered and the media and everyone else who wants to oppose these pardons can eat those words directly out of Joe Biden's mouth. Well, well Julie, they've given up, they've given up entirely the political argument initiative. They've lost Corrine Jean Pierre. We played the audio at the beginning of the show today, just said in the Air Force one gaggle, she just said that Joe Biden believes that the politics of the DOJ may have basically exacerbated this case against the son.


So they're not implicitly but explicitly acknowledging that politics. She even used the word, I believe infected have infected the DOJ. So you just nailed it. Like there's no political argument to be made either. Oh, the no one's above the law. You just said politics have infected the doj. That's right. It's your spokesperson's words. They have no political argument. They don't. And in that, actually, it's the same verbiage that Joe Biden wrote in his pardon order last night, that it's been infected with politics. So we are supposed to believe it's only infected politically on one side. And important to remember to the nexus here, not just Obama, but Matthew Graves, the US attorney for the District of Columbia, appointed by Joe Biden at the end of 2021.


He is the prosecutor who declined to cooperate with special counsel David Weiss in bringing tax charges against Hunter Biden for evading taxes and lying on his tax form from 2014 and 2015. This is the same Matthew Graves to this day, who is putting his line, prosecutors in DC courtrooms presiding over trials and continuing to bring charges against j Sixers, which he will do until January 19th, 2025. Guaranteed. That is another avatar of the politicization of the Department of Justice. Matthew Grace's right there. Yeah. Yeah. Julie, nobody knows the case better than you folks. She's Julie Kelly, give her a follow on X at Julie Kelly.


Two, nobody knows more about these cases. The documents case on January 6th. She's done a great job and check her sub stack out in her book. It's called January 6th, Julie, thanks for the time. We always appreciate it. Thank you very much. Always happy to be on Dan. Thanks. There you go folks, whenever we've got any, there's a, there's a significant tie in here. You can no longer argue that January 6th defendants in these cases were treated fairly. If the president of the United States has just acknowledge, I quote, politics has infected the DOJ, it's over, it's over. Your political argument is done. You make all the moral ethical arguments you want is a legal case. The legal and political arguments are now finished.


Finally, a great voice for the Trump administration Up next,


but first, our next sponsor folks side by my Helix Mattress for several years now. I just got a new one, moved in the new house. It is the best mattress to sleep on. I have a midnight luxe. I love it. Listen, you're on the mattress eight, 10 hours a night sometimes. That's a long time to be on a terrible mattress and poor sleep. Your days are gonna be long and they're gonna be really horrible. You need your sleep. That's when your body heals. Helix is the award-winning mattress brand recommended by many me included for improving sleep. I'm sleeping better than my old mattress. It's really improved my everyday life. Less aches and pains, You know, I got a bad shoulder. Sleeping on my Helix has been a game changer for me. I'm a side sleeper and they'll personalize the mattress for you for every type of sleeper. Helix Mattress helps you choose firmness or height that fits you. You wanna know which hel which Helix Mattress is right for you. Take the Innovative sleep quiz to find out your match and right now get 20% off plus two free pillows for all mattress orders when you order at Helix sleep.com/dan H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan. That's Helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off. And two free pillows for all mattress orders. Thank you Helix. This company's been with you for a long time and the show and the Bonino Army, thank you very much.


We appreciate that. You know Tim Murtaugh, he's a fantastic guy. He is a really compelling life story and is a really high level advisor to Donald Trump. He came on to talk about the changing landscape of media after the election. You're gonna like this. Check it out folks. I try to bring you the best guests with expertise on the inner workings of the Donald Trump orbit because although he is the going to be at least the unitary executive as the president, there's obviously support group around him and it's good to know what happens on the inside and what people are thinking. So we try to bring you guests to give you some color on that. Tim Murtaugh wanna welcome to the show. Tim is a, was a senior advisor in 2024 to President Trump on the campaign. Also works with a line drive public affairs.


Tim, welcome back to the show. It's good to have you, Dan. Good to be with you, Dan, and good to talk to you as always. Thanks for having me. Of course, I, I watch you all the time on, on Cable. You do such a great job defending the Make America Great again agenda. So I'd asked Jim, I said, we gotta we we gotta get him back. And the first thing I wanted to ask you about today is I'm, I'm sure you've seen the clip of Axios, CEO Jim Vander High hilariously melting down in front of a crowd of liberal morons claiming somehow that they're, You know, they're, they're, they're still the media. They put in the hard work. People on X don't deserve the time of day. And I, You know, I was making the point, I'd love to get your opinion on it. Having worked around Donald Trump, You know, for years, Tim, we were told you don't fight people who buy ink by the barrel.


The media is always gonna win. Donald Trump is the first significant conservative Republican figure in decades who I think we could say conclusively, has defeated these people at their own narrative game. Yeah, I think there's no question that that is absolutely true. I mean, Donald Trump has just decided that he's, and he's the first one to really pioneer this method of dealing with the media and that we're just not gonna play your game anymore. We're not gonna accept the premise of your questions. We're not gonna accept the questions themselves. We're gonna tell you about how we think things should be interpreted and what we think the news should be. Because I mean, the fact is the, the First Amendment protects the rights of the, of the press to rights and print what they, what they so choose.


There's no question we all have that same First Amendment, right. It is not the exclusive domain of people who appoint themselves the Fourth Estate members of the Media Time magazine, NBC, whoever they happen to be, the Constitution doesn't name them and give them any authority. It just says they can't be interfered with. And so who defines what the press is? I suppose the people do. Donald Trump may, but you might, Dan. I mean, we all might. That's why X is really such the great, great equalizer. And what Elon Musk has done there is let's not, let's not forget him. It's fantastic. And I think that Donald Trump has shown the way, do not accept their premise. Do not accept that the world is the way the corporate mainstream media says.


It's, We're talking to Tim Murtaugh, he is the principal of Line Drive Public Affairs and was intimately involved in the 2024 Trump campaign as a senior advisor. You know, Tim, I I bring up the point often on the show that early Twitter now acts even Facebook, even though it's run by liberals. You know, we, we were censored a lot, But we still would sneak in a true idea once in a while that the democratization of media has really changed the ecosystem for conservatives. And the best day the liberal media ever had was yesterday. It's not gonna get any better. You know, you and I are in roughly in the same cohort back in the day, if it wasn't mentioned by Broka or Brinkley or Cronkite, it, it didn't happen.


Like if you didn't read about it in your local paper, see it on the nightly news, it effectively disappeared. The old tree falling down in the forest analogy, people use, right? But that's not possible anymore. When Kamala Harris tells people in a symposium that she wants to support a taxpayer funded sex changes for transgender individuals in prison that's not going anywhere. Like liberals, you are stuck with this. So the question I have for you is, if they don't have a massive sea change, which I don't see happening anytime soon with the radical left, they're doubling down on this crazy, we have a good opportunity in this Trump area era to demographically and, and otherwise to change the politics of the country possibly for a decade or more.


Yeah. And I believe that's true. I I think you're exactly right about that. And You know, Dan, I I think I would hazard to say that you're already doing that. You personally, you're partnership with Rumble, I happen to know about, and you're doing live streams on there all the time, aside from all the millions that you reach with your radio show. But the stuff that you're doing on Rumble is, is really groundbreaking and you're a leader in, in the streaming game and, and podcasting game as well. Always high ranked, always leading Rumble. And it's, it shows that the, the media landscape has been obliterated as far as what we used to think that the media Was. It is now. So, and people, the word fragmented sounds negative, right? But I don't mean it with a negative connotation, right?


There are so many different places where people can get their news. And then you have the, the news media, the traditional legacy news media who is apparently actively still in the process of committing mass suicide. I mean, if you take a look at what was going on here during the most recent campaign. They actually, one of the things that they are so proud of is their role as fact checkers. Right? Anybody? And they always fact check, they always fact check just people on the right or just Trump or just Trump and his supporters. And they weaponize their fact check. And in the case you mentioned the, the reassignment surgery, gender reassignment surgery for prison inmates or illegal aliens who are under detainment. That was an actual policy position that Kamala Harris took.


And she's on tape and she filled it out in an ACL questionnaire. It is beyond reproach as a, as a a point to point out this is how radical her beliefs are. It's a fact, right? Donald Trump brought it up during the presidential debate in Philadelphia, this cycle and what happened. Time Magazine of all things wrote a fact check that said Donald Trump claims that she supports taxpayer funding of sex change operations for prison inmates or illegal aliens entertainment. That is false. That's what they said. Time Magazine, they reported it as false because they thought it sounded so outrageous it couldn't possibly be true. They didn't even check Dan. They thought it was so nuts that it had to be fake.


And so what they've done is they've used their own prestige as news organizations to put behind their fact checks, which then undermines their prestige. I don't know if they quite get the irony of all this, but the fact check phenomenon is really what I would point to that says this is a prime indicator of the circling, spiraling death spiral of the mainstream legacy media. Yeah. And it's glorious to watch. We're talking to Tim Murtaugh 2024 Trump campaign advisor principle at Line Drive Public Affairs. Tim, you mentioned the word fragmented, and you're right, it's not a negative. The idea that the, the media's been broken up into streamers, VOD video on demand, OTT over the top traditional cable broadcast.


Hey, some people still use rabbit ears. Rabbit ears are actually making a comeback so you can get your media radio, You know, satellite. I mean, there's a thousand different streams of information for the consumer to put on what they call their bookshelf that they're gonna consume every day. I would argue that the smart people, and I appreciate the compliment, but the Rogans, the Tuckers, the Megan Kellys, it's made them better because they understand what you just said. Like there's no monopoly anymore where CBS and say, well, that technically not. But we were only three real competitors back in the day. C-B-S-N-B-C and a BC before cable. That's not the case anymore. You've got thousands of streams and you guys gave president elect a a former president soon to be President Trump.


Brilliant advice. You told him to hit the podcast circuit, Tim, and everybody made fun of you guys podcast bros. This guy's an idiot. He's wasting his time. You guys did everyone from Rogan to the Undertaker to our show, and man, that that was absolutely brilliant. The other side laughed at you. Were you in on some of those conversations where you were suggesting these forums like, Hey man, this is where the information is now out there in the podcast ecosystem? Well, I certainly was, was I, I had some talks about it, but I, there's no way I'm gonna claim any credit for that. There was, there was a different group of guys who were, who were sort of curating the podcast that they would then present to President Trump for his approval and decide that he's the one ultimately who decided that, yes, this is a good strategy and yes, these are the shows that we should go on.


I think the credit really ultimately should go to him. And I think it was just another factor is that the, the, the point of that whole thing was that it helped showcase Donald Trump these long form situations where you go into Joe Rogan and you're gonna do more than three hours. That's where he can shine really. I mean, he does well in all interview situations, honestly, but these long form formats are where he's great. And it also had that, it was a double-edged sword for the Kamala Harris thing, because it was good for Trump and there's no chance that the, her team was gonna put her subjected to a, You know, 180 minute interview. Right? There's no chance. Five minutes was probably too long for their liking. And, You know, it, it really does show that there, there are new sheriffs in town as far as the media landscape goes.


And how do you reach people? How do you reach the most voters all at once and in the manner of their choosing, right? You listen to a podcast at your own convenience as the listener. If you're gonna be paying attention to the legacy Evening News, if you're busy at 6:30 PM then you're gonna miss what they have to say. A Joe Rogan podcast can be with you for weeks before you get to listen to it. And I think that's what people like about it. It's, it's really a different, a different frontier in media. And I think it's one that Donald Trump personally, he himself understands. And I think the Democrats are just catching up. Yeah. You said something there that kind of sparked a a little no on in my brain there, You know, the long form interview, you're right, he does well in interviews generally, but I think the long form format works for him.


Well, because, You know, you and I know him in a, in a different way. I don't wanna exaggerate my friendship with him, but you and I have seen him behind the scenes and he's the exact same guy. You know, he'll sit there at a, an out in Bedminster on the patio and people come up and say hello. And he's, he always wants to make you feel good, You know what I'm saying? Like he, You know, I'll never forget. Absolutely. I'm sitting there in bed Mitz Sure. And I said to him, I, I enjoyed Kid Rock's music. He's, oh, let's get him on the phone. Like, he, he really wanted me to talk to Kid Rock. And I thought like, this is unbelievable. Like the president wants to, he wants me to talk. That's, that's the kind of guy he is. But when I saw him on the Theo Vaughn podcast, that's when it was a special moment. At some point, the, the, the topic of substance abuse came up.


The Yvonne was talking about his experience with illicit drugs. And, You know, that's an important issue that the president elect, it's impacted his family. And I gotta tell you, Tim, that was one of those really special moments where I think a lot of nonbelievers in Independences who didn't see the Maga cause or the real President Trump, I think that was one of those moments where that really humanized them. And they say, You know what? Maybe all these media narratives about 'em, maybe that stuff ain't so true. Yeah. I do think that was a really powerful moment. And, and that meant a lot to me also, because I, I personally have a history of substance abuse. I battled alcohol for a very long time. And, and I'm coming up this, this may will be 10 years sober for me. And Donald Trump knew about that when he hired me on the campaign and back in 2019 for his 2020 campaign.


And I know he takes it very personally, issues like that. And because of his brother, he blames alcohol for the death of his brother. And it's not a thing that he talks about very, very much. But I mean, he is willing to talk about it. And he, and he brought it up on Theo Vaughn's podcast. And, and I, I, that's one of the things that I really admire about Donald Trump is that he, he understands that people have gone through and, and individuals and their families, everybody really has been touched in one way or another. I, I would say by the issue of substance abuse. Heck, I even wrote a book about it. My book is called Swing Hard in case you hit it. And it's partly about the 2020 campaign, but it's also about my, my battle with alcohol and how I went from waking up in jail into flying on Air Force One with Donald Trump in less than four years time.


And, and I really owe a debt of gratitude to Donald Trump for giving me a chance, even though I had that in my history. And I, I really respect that he understands it. Now, he himself has never touched alcohol or even smoked a cigarette, But he understands the issue and he understands the families that go through it. And I think for the, for the millions of people who heard him on that podcast, it was extremely powerful. And then on the other side, Dan, if you talk, you talk about credibility and who do people listen to and what stories are they really tuning into That theo of V podcast is one of, of an example of people tuning into, but if you take the, the mainstream media as a whole, people know that they spent a couple of years lying to the entire world.


Really, the entire media news industrial complex lied to the entire world about Joe Biden's mental abilities and mental faculties. Right? Right. And then when it was exposed to everybody, that he really was almost infirmed. And he, he was on his last legs mentally in that debate where Donald Trump just absolutely cleaned his clock. The media just like, whoa, this guy's gotta be replaced. The lie has been exposed. And then they just moved on as though they hadn't been caught in the world's biggest lie. They just moved on and pretend like it hadn't happened. True. That's why people don't trust them and would rather get their views and news from a podcast like Donald Trump on Theo Vaughn. Yeah, the book is pretty amazing.


Tim's being not really humble about it, but it's by Tim Murtaugh, M-U-R-T-A-U-G-H. He was a 2024 advisor. He's to President Trump. And the book is called Swing Hard, in case you hit it. I actually have a copy of the book. Tim was kind enough to send me one a while ago. It is a pretty amazing story of yeah, what it's like to wake up in jail one day and then, and then wake up from an nap on Air Force one years later. It's quite a journey. It's called Swing Hard. In case you hit it. You should check it out. Hey Tim, thanks a lot for joining us today. I hope we can have you back sometime. You were always great. Your insights and your hits on cable news are just priceless. You do an amazing job. Thanks a lot. Well, Dan, thank you very much. You are an American treasure. You're doing great work on behalf of the people of this country, and I thank you, God bless you, man.


Thanks a lot. That means a lot to me. Tim Murtaugh folks, that's a great book. Swing Hard in case you hit it. Yeah. If you've seen him go look up some of his clips on X and Truth and elsewhere, you'll see like he doesn't, he doesn't let the liberal media goons get away with anything. And that's what you need. These people deserve no respect whatsoever. Anyone who's gonna call me or infer or imply that I'm a Nazi or a fascist, yeah, that ain't happening. You deserve no respect and you'll get none from me. And folks, I got a special gift for you. This is, is a late edition to the Weekend Show. Matter of fact, it happened on Thursday. We interviewed the great Kurt Schlicter Army veteran lawyer. He gives, we're just gonna give you the opening answer he gives one of the best answers you have ever heard in the radio show.


Matter of fact, I told him as much when asked about why Pete Hegseth is the guy for defense secretary. I, I just listen to the answer. It speaks for itself. Check this out. All right. I wanna talk about the effort to sabotage the disgusting, grotesque, malign, malicious, pathetic running out of adjectives and modifiers, effort to destroy Pete. He's life because he's a change agent, the mil change agent in the military with a someone who's been in the military themselves. His guest host said the show. He's a good friend of mine, Kurt Schlicter. Kurt, welcome back. I haven't heard from you in a while. It's always good to have your opinion on these things. Well, it's great to be back, Dan.


Happy belated birthday. Oh, thank you brother. It's, I I just found out something Jim said that you were actually a little bit older than me and I, I'm not trying to throw out an unnecessary compliment, but I thought we were roughly the same age. So you're doing okay there, brother, yourself. So, I I 50 is, was kind of rough. Well, You know, my 80th birthday's been a real transition. Get an 80, 80, my a you ain't no 80 years old. Kurt is, wa is a military veteran himself. And Kurt is very vocal about these kinds of things when it, when it comes to issues involving the military. So I wanna have you on Kurt, you, you, you're an attorney military veteran. The, there is a lot of money as You know, 'cause you spent your life fighting this stuff in the woke DEI business.


And sadly, as both an attorney and a military veteran, you've seen DEI infect and I use that word purposely infect and destroy our military. A military that should be focused on one thing, killing freaking bad guys. Pete Hegseth has been vocal that this is his goal to get rid of this and make our military the most lethal in the world. Again, there's a lot of money in that stuff though. And I think that's one of the reasons a lot of people really don't like the idea of getting Pete in there as defense secretary. Look, Dan, there are a lot of people who are gonna get their rice bulls kicked over when, when Pete Hegseth walks into the Pentagon. Look, Pete Hegseth and I wrote about this in my town hall column, I think a couple Mondays ago.


Pete Hegseth is a combat arms officer. He is an I infantry officer just like me. He knows what it means to take command, okay? I've taken command many times from a company level act up to acting brigade commander. You've got, You know, you sign a piece of paper that says you assume command, but you don't assume command, you have to go take it. And I gotta tell you, I mean the combat arms, it's the land of wolves. Alright? These guys, the guys you presume to order about are not just going to give you their respect. Oh, they'll salute you and everything, but you've got to go in and take charge.


You don't take no for an answer. You don't allow ation, you don't allow expectations. You set out your intent, you set out your expectations, and you enforce them ruthlessly as a combat arms officer, as an infantry officer. Pete Hegseth gets it. He understands what it means. And You know, I don't know Pete Hegseth personally, I've never met the guy. I've never had a beer with him, but I know him because I served with guys just like him. And I'd like to think that I'm a guy just like him. A guy who will walk in and say, Hey, generals, admirals, here's how it's going be. There's no more DEI, you are getting rid of it.


All of it gone. And you're gonna come back Friday and you're going to tell me you've gotten rid of all of it. And if anybody, when I ask you, have you done what I ordered you to do? And your answer is anything but an unequivocal yes sir, I'm going to relieve you for cause and you're not going to retire as a four star because you have not served adequately in the four star rank. Don't leave my office until you understand my intent, because I intend for you to fulfill it. That's the beauty of Heg. That's what's got them so scared. Wow. Dude, that may be the best answer to a question. Can we, Jim, can we swap out the weekend interview or add that?


I'm not kidding, Kurt. Like that may be the most fully dispositive answer to, I mean, I didn't, I do not know about combat Arms officer. I was not in the military at all. But to have it explained that way, now it makes even more sense. Like that's, that, that's probably why they're upset too, that Pete was a results oriented guy in a, in a, in, in, in an MOS where Kurt, if, if you screw up, You know, I hate the word literally, but This isn literally like, people die. Like people will get killed. Your guys, your guys die. And that's why you have to go in and take command because the guys will know that if you're incompetent, you're going to get them hurt or killed.


And, and this is, this is why it's so scary to those generals because he's gonna come in and say, here's what you're gonna do and you are gonna do it. It's gonna happen. I guess the only question is whether you general and you general and you admiral are here next week to watch the results or your deputy sitting in that chair. Get it done. Kurt. We're talking to Kurt Schlicter, attorney, military veteran himself. We're talking about Pete Hegseth. Kurt, one of the things I find particularly grotesque and offensive about the attack on Pete Hegseth and his character and his family and his kids and his mom, I mean, these are things that are actually happening is as a veteran yourself, You know, You know, I'm not a virus, not in our military, can't say it enough, but sometimes it turn, I'm not suggesting there's any issue here at all, but sometimes there are people in law enforcement space that I am familiar with that see a lot of bad stuff.


I'm not comparing him to the military at all. It's different. But you see a lot of bad stuff respond to kidnapping cases. People who are raped and home invaded really horrible things and you're surrounded by it all the time. So I, I'm not saying it's right or so, I'm just saying sometimes guys in that space, women too, will go out with other people in the space who've seen this bad stuff because they're the only ones that can relate. I'm not a combat vet, I'm not gonna pretend to Pete Hanks said, oh, I know what it's like to be in combat. I, I don't know squat about what it's like to be in combat, but I know what it's like, You know, to get in a foot pursuit after a guy shot at you in the street and it's pretty damn traumatic. So you go out with your guys, you responsibly have a couple of drinks and You know what, the next day you watch a football game or whatever, that they're attacking this guy's character because he may have come back with some, maybe some emotional scars from what he did for what he did for this country.


He certainly didn't do it for money. Sets up a standard that no veteran's gonna be able to meet. I wouldn't, even if I'm a combat veteran with an some issue I brought back from defending our country, I'm a, I gotta be honest with you brother, I'm afraid to even talk to anyone about it. 'cause now I'm held to a totally different standard than everyone else. No, that's absolutely correct. He, he was in two combat tours. Look, I was not in combat my first, my first war, I ran a heavily armed car wash, but I also saw a guy die for the first time in front of me. And I also understood that, You know, I, I was responsible for these 20 folks and that we might have to go into a chemically contaminated area where my guys could die.


And I gotta tell you even that, even that which is nothing compared to what Pete Hegseth or millions of other guys did, I'm not saying it did, but that weighs on you and it has an effect. And yeah, if he wants to have a beer or two, that's fine. Okay? Yeah, that's fine. And it, look, the guy has gotten through it. He's got a beautiful family now. He's doing what he should do. But to, I, I find it disgraceful to attempt to leverage the, the, the way that this guy dealt with the horrors and the, and the stress that he experienced, okay? Because he was a leader, right? It's not just you, You know, I'm not a brave guy, but I was never afraid for myself.


I was afraid I was gonna screw up and hurt my guys. And that way you're A humble guy, Kurt. You're, you're, you're a humble guy. I know my about. No, no, you, you are like you, You know, you served in our military, You know, I, I know you're being funny like the glorified car wash, but You know what? You, you certainly weren't doing it to get rich. And You know, when you, when when your a is overseas in some, some, some horrible battle zone where you could die any day, You know, I appreciate your humility, but, and the audience does too, but you, you listen what you did, you deserve recognition for it too. Speaking of which, I wanna bring up something else about this too, because I'm hearing some, getting some traffic and you and I kind of run in the same circle. So you're probably hearing the same thing.


Kurt has a great column at town hall, by the way, if you ever wanna read his columns, they're always sugarcoated heavily. He never really gets to the point. So if you, like, of course I'm being sarcastic. If you ever wanna read a column where you're like, holy Moses, that's what I was thinking. Reed Kurt's work, you will not be disappointed. But to have people like Senator Joni Ernst and Lindsey Graham, who's backtracking a little bit and, You know, life losers like Lisa Murkowski from Alaska wouldn't have a job if it wasn't for her last name, right? To have them questioning Pete Hegseth after he is been a public figure for 10 years about anonymous allegations and acting like, well, we're gonna do a thorough investigation.


You know, it's interesting, I I'd like to see a thorough investigation into Joni Ernst. I'm sure she's never had a beer with anyone or anything like that. I mean, You know, God forbid she's done it or had any personal issues in the past. Kurt, You know, these senators, they're all above approach. You know Lindsey Graham too, definitely. Well, look, Lindsey Graham was a colonel in the Air Force. He was a jag. I'm not gonna hold either of those things against him. Joni Ernst commanded a transportation company in Iraq. I can only imagine the pressure of having a hundred people out on those roads whose lives depends on you. So I, I respect that and I hope that they will come through. I have seen a lot of the regime media tell me those two are wavering.


I refuse to believe that a fellow officer is going to betray another officer until I I hear it from their own mouths. And I know that Joni Ernst has been there and done that. I know that Lindsey Graham, as, as a colonel, has an understanding of what's done and what needs to happen. And I I, I can only hope that this is just fog out there and that they will come through and they will stand up for a guy who was prepared to move the Pentagon back to what it should be focused on. One thing and one thing will lead that you brilliantly bought, brought up the ability to stack bodies of America's enemies.


So, so yeah, hopefully, Kurt Is the only time I disagree with you. The only time I'm ever gonna disagree with you, I think, 'cause you and I really are simpatico on a lot of things, but you have way too much hope and way too much faith in these people. They are, I'm telling you right now, they are not doing us right. And I, I agree with you on one thing. I absolutely respect anybody's military experience. Even if I have political disagreements. I've said that often. And I will continue, said I did not serve in the military. God bless you for doing it, but that does not mean your judgments beyond reproach. And I, I'm, I'm absolutely convinced these two are behind the effort to sabotage Pete Hegseth. And I find it absolutely disgusting. I mean, I'll just give you a quick corollary. When I, You know, Bob Mueller, the Mueller investigation, Ugh, Bob Mueller had a decorated career in our military.


He did. And, and I thanked him for it over and over. Nobody's written more attacking Bob Mueller's credibility than me because it does not mean for the rest of your life that every single thing you do is gonna be on the correct moral arc of history. And they screwed it up. I mean, they are, they are people. But it's not the Democrats, Kurt, that bother me. It's the freaking Republicans. Yep. You've already taken a scalp in Gates. Fine. Yep. You took your scalp. I don't agree with it. But this one, that Pete is a good and decent man, and this effort to crush him on our side, we can never forget if we lose this guy who did this on our side. Well, Dan, I think we need a carrot and stick approach. You're definitely the stick. I'll be the carrot. I will show them the path to honor, I will show them the path to success.


I will show them the path to their duty and I hope that they follow it. But if they don't, if they refuse to, there's gonna be a primary and I'm gonna be there and you are gonna be there. And all of us are gonna be there. And they're gonna say, oh, you can't primary an incumbent. Wanna bet We did in the Tea Party revolution. You're close. It's true. And Kurt, they said that, remember in the Tea Party revolution, they told us the same thing. Oh my gosh, you can't, you can't party the Utah Primary, the Utah Senator with this guy Mike Lee, who's this guy and Kentucky, you got this guy ran. Paul, what are you guys crazy? And You know what? We got an upgrade.


So we will do it again. Kurt. Unfortunately I gotta run This. Isn, always a pleasure to hear from you. Come back again sometime. We really like your comment. That was the best answer. Your commentary there that I think I've ever heard on my station. I'm not kidding. So thanks a lot, brother, we appreciate it. Thanks for having me, Dan. Merry S, and again, happy birthday. Me, Mery Christmas buddy. Thank you my brother. Merry Christmas. So thanks for listening to the podcast. I hope this answers a lot of questions for you today. We love these weekend shows. Make sure you tune in Monday at Rumble at 11:00 AM live and on the radio show, starting at noon eastern every single day. Check us out at bonino.com/station finder to find a station near you. See you on Monday. You just heard Dan Bonino.