
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome To Sunday podcast. This is our chance to play for you some of the best moments from the radio show and some great interviews during the week that you may have missed. If you ever want to check out our show? Go to bonino.com, go to Station Finder and see what radio station we're on near you. You'll love it. I promise you. We put a lot of work into the radio show. Check it out.


But before that, lemme tell you about our first sponsor. Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Trust me, I've been there. I'm there a lot. So I'm just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of beams. Dream powder and stuff's been a game changer for me. You see, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life there is that weigh. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream powder. There's science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. We don't like that. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep. Stay asleep and wake up refresh. You wanna try it? Beam bestselling dream powder where Beam is now offering Bongino listeners and exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino. Or use code bonino for up to 45% off shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


First up on the show today we interview for the first time Senator JV. Well, not for the first time we've interviewed him, but for the first time as vice presidential nominee on the Trump Vance ticket. This was an interesting interview that went in a few different directions and got a little bit emotional at the end 'cause I didn't realize how much JD And I shared in common. With regards to a personal story and background, you're gonna wanna check this out. Senator Vance, welcome back to the show. It's your first time on as the vice presidential nominee on the Republican side first, you know, h how, how does that feel when you, how'd it feel when you got the call from, from President Trump asking you to be on the ticket?


Well, obviously it feels incredible. Such a great honor. And you know, you know how I, I grew up, Dan, I didn't expect my life to end up like this. Certainly to be on a major party ticket at this stage. I think it's just a testament to the fact that we live in a great country. It's funny when the president called, I initially missed the call, called him right back, and he joked with me that he said, JD, you missed a very important phone call. Maybe I'll have to fix somebody else. But luckily he didn't. And here we are campaigning in Arizona today, heading to the border tomorrow morning and just, you know, enjoying it. But, you know, I I remind myself every day that this is a very important job that we have to win this race and set the country on the right course.


Well, Senator, I wanna get to your backstory because I'm, I'm gonna be candid with you. I, I've obviously been a big supporter. My audience knows that it's not a mystery. It's all a matter of public record. You can go back and look at my shows, but I did not know the exact details of your backstory. And I spent some time this weekend. I wasn't feeling great. I usually don't have a lot like you. I've got things going on. but I sat down. And I watched Hillbilly Elegy. I wanna get into that. 'cause I have to tell you, I was deeply moved, but I got some other things. I want to get to first your opponent on the, on the ticket that the only opponent we know about. Yeah. It is Kamala Harris, current vice president now presumptive nominee. The, the, the position she's taken, Senator are, are not mysteries.


She has been open about these things. The fact that she is now, as of yesterday, hilariously running as some kind of, you know, a strong on the border, you know, authoritarian on the border is, is gotta be one of the greatest political miscalculations I've ever seen. She's actually bragging about this now. Her record of failure, the numbers speak for themselves. Yeah. She's bragging about being a prosecutor, Dan, as if people aren't smart enough to realize that she was a prosecutor in San Francisco, which has seen one of the worst spikes of homelessness, of violent crime, of overdoses on the streets. I mean, she's the prosecutor in San Francisco and wants to take those policies nationwide.


Then every American should run for the hills or at least try to vote her out of office. Right. But you're, you're exactly right. I mean, she has realized that her policies, even among Democratic primary voters were complete failures. Nobody wanted to go as far left as she wanted the country to go in 2020. So she becomes vice president. And now the media that she's become the presumptive nominee is, is trying to cover for the fact that she supported a ban on fracking and she wanted to defund the police and she wanted to decriminalize illegal immigration. She wanted to end catch and release. She did all of these things. And now we have the terrible border crisis that we have. And she is running as far and as fast as possible from that record.


It really is the most important thing we can do in this election that you can do, that your listeners can do, is just to remind people of what she actually said and what she actually did. If the American people know the truth about how radical she was, they're not gonna elect a San Francisco liberal like Kamala Harris to be their next president. But that's part of the job of the campaign over the next few months is just remind people who she actually is. We're talking to Senator JD Vance Senator. I am elated you said that because I I, on my podcast this morning, I a a ver a good listener, I, I really enjoyed was in the live chat and said, you know, this isn't gonna happen. The media can't make all this go away with Kamala Harris and Senator, I was forced to remind that listener that in the 2020 election post-election polling, nearly 20% of Biden voters had no idea about the Hunter Biden laptop at all.


And I think as conservatives, you And I, we become almost a, a product of our own, you know, our own knowledge base. You know, We don't realize that a lot of people out there, they're not paying attention as much to politics as a United States senator and a guy who talks about it for a living due. There's an assumption everybody knows Kamala Harris is a far left socialist. Just listen to our own words. We cannot rely on that and assume there's gonna be some red wave. It's our job to go out there and evangelize the cause and show who this woman really is. Yeah, Dan, that's exactly right. And If, you look at the polling that we have privately and publicly, about half of the country really doesn't have a strong opinion on Kamala Harris. They may be dislike her a little bit, they like her a little bit, but they have no idea what she's all about.


And if the American people are aware that she was the most liberal United States senator, even further to the left from Bernie Sanders, if people know that she wanted to destroy the police and take away people's rights to own a gun, even if she flooded the country with illegal immigrants and criminals, then they would not vote for her. But you're exactly right that a lot of people just don't know that record. Now, this is why, by the way, Dan, I think the media has been so corrupt in promoting the switcher rule that happened. We have to remember that she never got a single Democratic primary vote. She is now the Democratic nominee, and she covered up for Joe Biden's mental incapacity for years so that she could toss him aside and actually take the mantle of the Democratic Party.


That that is disgraceful. It's wrong. Her record is a disaster. But the media is not gonna tell the truth about Kamala Harris. So we have to, Yeah, we're talking to Senator JD Vance, Republican Vice presidential nominee Senator, you were a, you were a marine, a lawyer, a senator. You're, but you're also a, a tech investor and an investor. You've done some very successful, made some very successful moves. And your business acumen is, is is sound, but understanding the tech space like no modern vice presidential nominee, are you as concerned with I am as I am about the ramp up in the censorship regime? We're seeing, again, you've already seen President Trump's iconic fight photo censored under some ridiculous theory that a guy was smiling and some other, their excuses are just endless.


You have AI now suggesting the assassination attempt on President Trump was a fictional event. Senator. I I, I'm concerned you understand the space like few others, they are doing everything they can to get their thumb on the scale. And that's why I am worried about all this red wave talk. We're gonna have to overcome a lot of obstacles here. Yeah, that's exactly right, Dan. I mean, If, you, If you look at 2020, we know you mentioned the Hunter Biden top story earlier. We know that the big tech industry played a huge role in censoring negative stories about Joe Biden and helping Joe Biden ultimately prevail in that election. Now a lot of us forgot about it. And you know, the, the, the media cycle has been so crazy the last few years that, that a lot of us don't remember, even though we should that big tech put its some on the scale massively.


And they're gonna try to do the exact same thing in 2024. It's why it's so important that we go and evangelize and, and do our own work here. It's also important why, you know, people who are inte elected office, obviously I'm, I'm a United States senator, me and my colleagues have to apply a lot of pressure to the tech industry. And we're doing that and we'll keep on doing that to ensure that they don't effectively throw the election for Kamala Harris. But, but, but this is a major, major issue. And, and by the way, Dan, it's one of those things where we're gonna have to do something about this when we win. 'cause I feel very confident that despite the headwinds we are gonna win this race, but then we have to actually do something with that political authority that the American people have given us. These companies are too powerful.


They control what we're allowed to say in our own country. And if they don't stop this, they're gonna get broken up. They're gonna get taken on by a future Trump administration. And I, I'm glad you're on the ticket because again, as, as a businessman in this space, they're not gonna be able to easily smoke you up on these issues where, you know what they do, jd, you see 'em, they walk in there and they talk jargon and If, you don't, I know it. I'm an investor too. And you get lost in it sometimes and you have to go out and say to other you, you've heard this and you've seen it. Let me get to something else because this weekend, like I said, I had some time. I'm sitting there with my wife and we say, you know, it's about time we watched Hillbilly Elegy. I I, I've got the book, I haven't gotten through it yet, but I watched the Netflix movie Incredibly well done.


And it's gonna be a little hard for me. I'm sorry. So I don't, don don't mean to get overly emotional, but haven't dealt with drug use in my family in a very, let's just say similar situation. I gotta tell you, Senator, I got, I got pretty choked up watching a movie. It was hard. It was really hard for me to get through. And although I've always liked you and respected you, it's impossible to form an opinion about who you are. If you haven't seen that movie and the things you went through with, with your mom and your grandmother and your family. You know, I, I gotta tell you, I it was really a hard movie to watch And I. Guess my question is, is this has to give you a kind of different viewpoint, having been through all of the levels of the socioeconomic economic scale and seeing the problems there on the working man and their troubles in America with things like de-industrialization and elsewhere.


I mean, you've actually seen it. You haven't read about it in a textbook. Yeah, that's right, man. And, and yeah, my life was tough in a lot of ways. And I was able to live the American dream, but I also mean, look, look at it as, as a great source of privilege to use an overused word. Because now I have a perspective that I don't think a lot of people who come from, from an easy background have. Right? And you know, I, I go and talk to people and, you know, I go and visit food banks or I, I, I talk to middle class families that are struggling to put food on the table. And I know exactly what they're going through. Like, I, I know what it's like when you go through your credit card bill at the end of the month and you figure out, well, how much am I gonna pay off because I wanna be able to afford to buy groceries.


And, you know, that, that push and pull of figuring out how to just basically get through life in times of financial struggle, it does give me a, a good perspective. And I'm glad that I had that perspective. And I think it's one of the reasons why I'm so frustrated with the policies of Kamala Harris and the Biden administration is, look, we know groceries have gone up 40% under this administration. They have no sympathy or even recognition that they've caused a problem. They want to celebrate the end of inflation while American families are still feeling the effects of inflation every time they go to the grocery store. I, I, you know, I'm a big believer that we ought to encourage our young people to buy homes and to settle down.


Well, you can't buy a home in this economy with interest rates at 8% and house prices going through the roof. By the way, one of the reasons why home prices are so expensive is because we let in 20 million illegal aliens who shouldn't be here, who are competing with our young families for, for scarce homes. So I, I definitely bring a fresh perspective to this stuff and it just makes me angry at what the Biden administration has done. But it also gives me just, you know, look, a lot of people out there are struggling. Some of them are Democrats, some of them are Republicans. I think that the American government exists to serve the interest of America's citizens. And hopefully President Trump and I can get in there and do a much better job than Kamala Harris has done.


Last question for you there. There's this, there's this scene at the end of Hillbilly Elegy, you, with your mom in, in the hotel room and the, the drug, it's, it's hard to even talk about again. 'cause I, I've been there. And I know that conversation, And I. And you know, unfortunately, I never got the chance to rescue her. She, she passed. And, you know, And I, And I know you, you thankfully have had a different outcome with your family, and I applaud you for saying that. But we have a fentanyl crisis at our southern border right now. Kids are being killed. They're being murdered by this poison that's gotta feel a lot different to a guy like you that stared addiction and, and the, the soul death, the slow killing of a person's soul from it.


That's gotta mean something different to you. Yeah, it does. Dan, I'm I'm sorry to hear about your mom, man, I, I had no idea. Thanks brother. What happened? And I'm, I'm, you know, it's just, it's terrible and it happens way too much in this country. And if I can put a, a personal, you know, spin on this, I mean, you're right that things worked out for my mom and you know, in some ways you have this, this almost guilty feeling over it because when it works out for your family and it doesn't work out for somebody else's, you just, you wonder, you know, why do we get lucky and why did others not? And the the thing that I try to remind myself is the fentanyl deprives people of second chances to overcome the addiction once and for all and be good moms and dads to their kids.


I mean, look, addiction happens to a lot of different families up and down the socioeconomic ladder. But what was really different 15 years ago was when mom was trying to get clean, the stuff that was on the streets was much less dangerous and much less likely to kill people. Now it still happened, of course, but it happened a lot less 15 years ago than it does today. And the way we should think about this fentanyl is it's depriving American families of second chances. You know, sometimes addicts get back on the ladder, they get back on the horse and everything's fine, but sometimes they fall off and get back on and fall off and get back on. When you've got fentanyl in your streets instead of some of the stuff that existed 15 years ago, sometimes those people are never gonna get a chance to get back on the horse.


And we have to, to think about the orphan children and the grandchildren and the grandparents who are taking care of those grandchildren, whose lives have been destroyed because Kamala Harris won't do her job and keep this country safe. And I. I just, I get so frustrated at it, man, because yeah, it did work out for my family, but it hasn't worked out for hundreds of thousands of American families over the last few years. And that's something we've gotta change. Senator, I I think you've been doing an amazing job. I appreciate you fighting the left wing media smears. They're, they're shameful and disgusting. They can attack you in whatever policy they want, but attacking you on your character is, is freaking disgusting. And I've told my audience that. So thank you so much. We appreciate you accepting the nomination and best of luck, obviously you're welcome back on the show anytime.


Hope things really work out. We got, we got a country to save. Thanks a lot. Thanks Dan. Take care man. You got it folks. I'm telling you man, just watch that scene and that movie based on his life. A lot of you sadly have been there and had that exact conversation and you know exactly what that looks like. More about the disaster. That's Kamala Harris next.


But coming up first, our next sponsor, everybody's talking about these weight loss injections 'cause the results are so dramatic, right? They work by helping a lower blood sugar and reduce appetite. But what If you need to lose weight but you don't have the money and you don't like weekly shots? Well there's a solution. Brickhouse Nutrition's doctors created a supplement called Lean, LEAN and the results are remarkable. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean is not for the diet with only a few pounds to lose the doctors at Brick House Nutrition created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. So let's get started with 15% off in free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan today. Visit take lean.com and enter Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code Dan one five at take LEA n.com. Take lean.com. Take lean.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease and it's not a substitute or alternative care from your healthcare provider.


After the Democrats anointed didn't elect Kamala Harris Undemocratically, I might add, I pulled back the curtain on who Kamala Harris really is. Don't be fooled by any of the nonsense. Take a listen. The FBI and the intelligence community are added. Again, Washington Times Intel officials warn enemies are eyeing the election infrastructure. I was disturbed to read yesterday that the FBI is already giving briefings to social media companies about perceived threats to the election system. Now folks, I will say this again, in a normal functioning constitutional republic where the Federal Bureau of Investigation is focused on actual investigations and not politics, this does not concern me as much.


That's not the world we live in. We now have the FBP, the Federal Bureau, FBPI of political interference. Their track record here is horrendous. I have receipts. You do not every single time in the last few election cycles, the FBI is engaged in a full-throated effort to engage with social media companies. It has resulted in election interference and basically deputizing them the censor on behalf of liberal authoritarians in the government. You've now got Facebook and meta fake fact checking the Donald Trump fight picture, which I mentioned to JD Vance.


You know again this, there's always an excuse. You've got artificial intelligence now suggesting that the Donald Trump assassination attempt was a, was a fictional event. Folks, you ever, you ever noticed these quote unquote mistakes on their part never ever hurt the Democrats. They always hurt the Republicans by these simple law of Occam's razor. Keep it simple, stupid, accepting all possible explanations. The only explanation here is that the deep state and this social media regime are working hand in hand to stop a Donald Trump presidency. This doesn't require any jump in legal reasoning.


You are also going to see Operation Retcon Kamala Harris continue. I'm gonna use that word a lot. It's important you understand it. It's kind of a Hollywood entertainment buzz term where you go and rewrite the history of a movie. You know the Michael Myers Halloween story? Michael Myers is dead. Well let's just bring him back. Well he died. Well, we'll just pretend that movie didn't happen. They recon it retroactively. They, they fixed the timeline. Operation Retcon, Kamala Harris is on New York Magazine has a hilarious front cover. Kalo. Kalo like somehow trying to make this some JFK like figure. Remember Kamala JF no one ever does this for Republicans.


It's just for Democrats. And keep in mind, these are the exact same people who trash Kamala Harris because they saw her as an obstacle to Joe Biden getting reelected when he was at the top of the ticket. Now that Kamala Harris is their top of the ticket, they will, they don't care. If, you know that they said she was terrible six months ago. It doesn't matter to them. They believe in hierarchy, not hypocrisy. Hypocrisy to them is irrelevant. If Kamala Harris is a tool to get them power, they don't care what they said six months ago. They'll change it. The snap of a finger. I want to play this for you too and show you who Kamala Harris really is. Cut five. Jim, this is Tim Walls governor of Minnesota.


This is one of her leading contenders. I'm hearing a finalist for the VP spot. This is how radical Kamala Harris is. Tim Walls is a devout leftist socialist. Listen to him talk. This is about 10 seconds. It's short about socialism and equating it with neighborliness. No, no neighborliness. As I voluntarily go over and share an apple pie with my neighbor Socialisms. I go over and steal theirs. That there's a difference here. Tim. This is one of her finalists. Why? Because she loves liberals. Because she is one. Check this out. But We can get out there, reach out, make the case. And for one thing, don't ever, don't ever shy away from our progressive values.


One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. No, no it's not. One person's socialism is another person's misery and misery and torture and political oppression. This is one of the guys she's considering for vp. Why? Because she loves this stuff. She loves this stuff. This is who she is. We can win this election and it is not gonna be easy. We can win it by simply telling the truth. I if that sounds overly simplified, it shouldn't.


Folks listen, I always bring receipts when you look at candidates, let me just because I know what you're gonna say. First you're gonna say Barack Obama, I get it. Barack Obama, I'm telling you, did not run as a radical leftist the first time he is one. Yes you win. I a hundred percent. He's why I left my job. I get it. I don't need that. Explained to me, he did not run that way. He ran on, listen, there's nothing I can do, you know with the border. Congress has to act. He didn't support gay marriage. He ran his kind of a left winger, but not like a Walter Mondale type.


He governed, forget it to the left of all of them. No one who's run, run as a far leftist has won the presidency in 50 years. Mondale got crushed, Dukakis got crushed. The record of Leftist America is not ready for a socialist president. They're not Kamala Harris would be our first one. All you have to do is show videos of what people talking about. Kamala Harris. No. Of actual Kamala Harris. That's all you have to do. It is your job as JD Vance just said. And ours as evangelists for liberty and freedom and the conservative cause If we're gonna win this election to spread this stuff around, there's no excuse.


Like, well I only have 300 followers on X or true social fine. That's 300 more people are gonna see this. You need to spread things around like this. Check out this ad. This is a really powerful ad. Jim. Cut for Trump. Put this out the other day on true social. It's our job to go out and spread this message around it's clips just of Kamala Harris talking about Kamala Harris stuff. It's not complicated. She is her own worst enemy. Check this out. You're Considered the most liberal United States senator. We're not gonna treat people who are undocumented across the border as criminal abolish ice. Yeah. Is that a position that you agree with? We need to probably think about starting from scratch.


Say it loud, say it clear. Everyone is welcome here. Raise Your hand. If. you think it should be a civil offense rather than a crime to cross a border? Raise your hand if your government plan would provide coverage for undocumented immigrants. You support giving universal healthcare Medicare for all the people who are in this country illegally. I'm opposed to any policy that would deny in our country any human being from access to public health. Period. You support the Medicare for All bill. I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance for people out there who like their insurance. What they don't get to keep it. Let's eliminate all of that. Lost In marathon bomber on death row. People who are convicted of sexual assault, they should be able to vote.


I think we should have that conversation. As president the United States. I am prepared to pass a green New Deal. Would you ban offshore drilling? Yes. What Is the solution for voters who have jobs and interests in the fossil fuel Industry transition into the jobs of the future. But what do you support changing the dietary guidelines? Reduce red meat specifically. Yes. I would. We have to have a buyback program. And I support a mandatory buyback program. Folks, again, our best asset in this election against Kamala Harris's, Kamala Harris. This is all on the record stuff. And not only that, they are not moderating on a majority of their far left socialist positions on some, they're trying to recon, she's trying to claim now she was somehow a success at the border, despite being the borders are where 10 million people entered the country illegally, which is hilariously dumb and is gonna be one of the worst political miscalculations in history.


She's just assuming all of you are stupid. There's only gonna, there's always gonna be a certain portion of the population, the liberal side that'll fall for anything. 'cause they want to, most people will see right through this 'cause their communities have been the ones affected, but they're also appealing to the woke lunatics. Did you, this is real audio. This is not a joke now I wanna apologize in advance. You will be dumber after hearing this, but you, you'll recover. Take some neuroprotective compounds, fish oils, corset, bromley. Jim, Jim, Jim can't take it. I had a, a workplace grievance filed this morning by Michael. 'cause he was, he couldn't believe he had to listen to this.


This is a real call. This is not one of Jim's dark web. Thinks of influencers from the left wing getting together, talking about how they're gonna get Kamala across the finish line. Listen to this hilariously stupid video that they think is gonna appeal to mainstream Americans. They need to push them across the finish line. I promise you this is not a joke. This is not sarcasm. This is real. Take the fish oil. Now listen to this Ariel fodder, affectionately known as Mrs. Frazzled, to her combined audience of over 1.5 million followers is here to help gentle parent us through this election.


Thank you. Hi everybody. I am so honored to speak today. I am like shaking to just be among such incredible company. We are here because as If, you were here earlier. You've heard Bipoc women have tapped us in as white women to step up, listen and get involved this election season. This is a really important time and we all need to use our voices and influence for the greater good. No matter who you are. You are all influencers in some way. So tonight I'm gonna share some do's and don'ts for getting involved in politics online and navigating the toxicity that comes with it. And spoiler alert, as much as the toxicity can come from the outside, it can come from us too.


So first, don't isolate yourself. We can do our best work when we're in community together like we are tonight. 'cause the toxic feels smaller when we support each other. But don't make it about yourself As white women, we need to use our privilege to make positive changes. If, you find yourself talking over or speaking for bipoc individuals or God forbid, correcting them. Just take a beat and instead we can put our listening ears on. Put your listening ears on. I, Jim Haight. Jim is filing a workplace. Theresa, Theresa, Jim is filing a work. Is there an official form? Mike, can you get that to Jim?


Put your listening ears on folks. That actually happened. That's Kamala supporters on, on a phone, on a Zoom phone call there. They really believe that, say a coal miner or a guy in a, a field that's being hydraulically fracked in Western Pennsylvania, that they're gonna watch that and go, man, how do I, how do I be part of that? How do I get my listening ears on? I've got another informative breakdown for you. Things you're not gonna hear elsewhere about what really happened with the Secret Service scandal. But first, a quick break for our next sponsor.


Hey, time is our precious commodity, most precious commodity. I've heard from so many of my listeners who've asked about advice about how you can spend time. Why is I even wrote about it in my book? You wanna improve yourself in the people around you. That's why I'm really stoked about Hillsdale College. I use them. They're fantastic. They're offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College online courses all available for free. That's right. For free. I personally recommend you sign up for Ancient Christianity's, an 11 lecture course. You'll study the inspiring stories of Christ his apostles, the faithful ones throughout the first four centuries of Christianity. You'll learn the arguments of key early Christian apologists who defended the Christian faith in the faith of persecution. The course is self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever. Enroll now in ancient Christianity to discover the improbable, miraculous story of Christianity. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/bonino to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/bonino to register hillsdale.edu/bonino.


We talked with a fantastic journalist. Yes, there are some left. Susan Crabtree. She's been following the Secret Service for a long time. Check this out. Okay, so I, I've known this reporter for a long time. She's one of the few honest ones left out there. Sadly, you know, journalism has become a lost art, but she's been covering the Secret service and some of its failures for a long time. And we need that. These are taxpayer funded entities. They're not private companies. We are the shareholders and the stakeholders in these companies. We pay for them. Welcoming back to the show, Susan Crabtree. Susan, thanks for your time today. We appreciate it. Oh, thanks so much for having me again. Really appreciate your interest.


Yeah. And your devotion. Listen, you've been all over this Secret Service story and you just sent me something really shocking that the Secret Service apparently has some kind of a podcast, which I've got no problem with. I mean, if they wanna do public outreach and fine, great. I mean, do it. I'm, I'm, you know, I have a podcast. That's great. But the, they've done a number of episodes. They've, they've shown a particular fascination with this one topic, Susan, and it's not executive protection. What are most of their podcasts on? Yeah, it If, you look at it If you just the six, four out of six of the podcasts that, that they have put out this year, and they don't put it out, put them out very often, but four out six either have to do with LGBTQ plus pride or DEI issues, mainly DEI issues.


And you know, director Cheadle had the audacity to sit there on the dais and testify before the Republican Oversight Committee that before the oversight committee last week, which I attended and say she does not remember, she didn't recall anything about signing onto this 30 by 30 initiative. Okay. That was, you know, that initiative is trying to get 30% of the force to be women by 2030. And I had reported it. Ron Kessler, who has chronicled the Secret Service for many, many years and several books he has, he knew that that was, that she signed onto it, the Secret Service, the now discredited Secret Service spokesman.


Anthony Go, told me And I quote him in my piece three months ago, saying that this DEI initiative did not have any impact on the quality of the Secret Service agencies that were getting hired and promoted. So he acknowledged that she signed it. She lied on the dice that day. But you know what, the problem here is that Director Row is part of this. She was the deputy, he is the deputy director and she chose him. So yeah, so you can go right on the website. This is public information and why the mainstream press is not reported on this is kind of strange to me. It's all public information, right On the secret service.gov/newsroom stand standing posts, that's the name of their podcast.


You can look for yourself. That's shocking by the way that you, you just said something that I, I can't really get my arms around. Ron Rowe, who is now the acting director of the Secret Service, was the number two under the former director, the deputy director, the number two spot that is the guy or the woman in that spot. That's the guy directly responsible for the decision making on the daily protective operations, making it up the chain to him through the assistant director of protective operations. So the crazy thing is, despite them both being absolute failures at their job, if anybody was gonna resign, Roe should have resigned with Cheadle.


Yet he got a promotion at this. Susan, this is a freaking murder scene Corey compare to was killed. It's not like nothing happened at that site. Three other people were shot and he gets us a promotion out of this. And why was the DHS secretary Alejandro more able to just tap him? And there's no, there's no pushback on that. None. And you know, I mean that, that was ridiculous. This is a person, you know, the DHS Secretary Mayorkas has been impeached by the house. You know, why did not, why didn't the Republicans push back and say, we are not going to accept Ron route. We're not gonna accept her deputy as the acting because he's part, he is part and parcel of the security problems and the decisions to use out motive protocols as you have discussed widely.


And you were the the first people to report this. And in the first 48 hours we were, we were furiously reporting all of this. And then the mainstream media got onto it, you know? Right. Six Days later and it's breaking news. Right. The Washington Post a week later stealing your stories, breaking news. It was Unbelievable. That was, Yeah, they, we talking to Susan Crabtree Republicans on, on in the house. Jim Jordan tweeting that out from his, her story. But you know, I guess they are saying, wow, they finally got, got around to it. But the issue is that they were using outmoded political protocols saying that former presidents didn't, don't have the same, don't require the same level of resources at their events that sitting presidents and vice presidents require.


It's not threat based at all. You know, Donald Trump Didn't break. It's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. That's not true. Susan, too, I've told you as we talked about it last time you were on, when the Pope visits the United States, the Secret Service provides a bigger security footprint in my experience than even the president gets. So anyone telling you that, because his threat picture is larger, is lying, it's just making it up. They're, they're, they're pawning this off. No private security company would allocate to an up and coming country singer. The same assets they would give to Taylor Swift or Morgan Wallen because you'd be like, well, they're higher profile, they get more threats. Like everybody gets this. The only reason the Secret services escaping accountability on this is because it, it's government.


And I think everybody just bakes into the cake that the government just can't do anything. Right. but I wanna talk about one particular story that your excellent journalism, Susan Crabtree, you have managed to independently verify. And if I, if, if not correct me, but last week I reported from a source that DTD, Donald Trump detail, that's his security detail, the acronym DTD was routinely CS assets, counter sniper assets were withheld from them. Secret Service Counter Sniper assets due to stupid, ridiculous, not security related things like, well, if the site wasn't in driving distance at DC where the counter sniper unit is based, that they were withheld Now, you got some independent verification on that.


Right. Because the guy I got it from, again, it's an unimpeachable source saying, Hey brother, none of this stuff is new. Like seek counters. Sniper Overwatch was not at a lot of Donald Trump's sites. He just got lucky. Yeah, I was actually told the same thing by one very good source within the Secret Service community who has been very correct on several different aspects of this for the last several years. So I, I mean, dating back to 2014, maybe even 2012, since I've been covering the Secret Service problems, I covered the agency before that, but just when the, the problems came to a head back in, in what, 12 years ago now?


So yes, I I I independently confirmed that from what, what you said on Friday. And it's troubling. The other troubling aspect that I see about this, you know, that I'm trying to emphasize this morning is this, these new, these new texts that are out from local law enforcement. It's funny because to me, because New York Times and the Washington Post can only go to local law enforcement because the, the rank and file are will not talk to Carol Leone anymore because she burned them and back with her book. And the fact that she has now had two, two different books. She went on, the Democracy Dies in Darkness Beat and now she has two different books trashing the Donald Trump presidency.


So a lot of the rank and file doesn't wanna have anything to do with her, but, so they are relying on local law enforcement and they got these texts from the local law enforcement showing that they did, were not in communication with the Secret Service. Well that is a complete failure of the command center, the command post, like you said on your show it. So we need to know what happened on their radio frequencies on the Secret Service Radio frequencies. But what I am told is because of the outmoded protocol that saying that they, you know, that they don't need the same resources for the former presidents. The same exists for those recordings. They did not, from what I understand, is very likely that the White House Communications Agency, which re provides the frequencies for these, for the radios that the secret services uses on the ground.


And you would've know more about this Dan, than I do. So please, you know, jump in and correct me. Yeah. If they did. No, you're right. Not record those radio frequencies, because if this still outmoded protocol that they were using, but they do record them for sitting presidents and sitting vice presidents. That makes no Sense. Which again, no, it, it, it doesn't, you know, just because another entity outside of the Secret Service backfills a role does not absolve you as the secret service of filling that role. If it can let, let me explain to you what I mean, what you just said is accurate on the president and vice president's detail. The military has a branch called Waka White House Communications Agency because they provide support and record communications for the Secret Service is not an excuse for the Secret Service at a non waka supported event.


A Donald Trump event. 'cause he's, he's not in the White House is not an excuse the fact that they're saying like, oh, well Waka does it. Yeah. I'll give you another example. The White House mess. The, and there's folks from the Navy, they run the White House Food Service. It's called the White House Mess. I don don don't know how to start, but whatever it's called a mess. The White House mess does all like the food tasting stuff. Does that mean if Donald Trump's outta sight and there's no White House mess, you just let him eat whatever someone you understand, like this is so, the, the logic here is so beyond the pale that I'm stunned the entire management team in eighth floor of the Secret Service and the people at the site that day have not been resigned or forced out in mass. It's shocking.


Yeah, that's exactly what my point. This Ron Rao, you know, Senator Johnson had some nice things to say about him because obviously he's taking it seriously. 'cause he knows his job is on the line and the entire reputation is on the line because he's going to be a testifying tomorrow before the House, the Senate Homeland Security Committee. And you know, they, they don't need to teach, treat him with kid gloves. He was part and parcel of all this decision making, this decision making that, you know, to reject the requests, additional requests from his own Secret Service team assigned to Donald Trump. The details assigned to Donald Trump and members of the Trump former cabinet, including Robert O'Brien, who was the National Security Advisor for Trump.


He requested additional secret service resources and was denied the campaign itself requested. They were denied that Donald Trump's detailed, the special agents assigned to his detail requested they were denied. I don't know if that includes you. Probably I'm, I assume it includes the special agent Corin, who is one of the lead agents assigned to Trump's detail. He requested it. They were denied. Don't you think Ron Roe has any culpability in denying those requests and these decisions to treat Donald Trump as a former president that doesn't require the same level of resources we need. The Homeland Security Committee needs to, you know, take off the kid gloves when Ron Roe Rokus and they didn't do so in the briefing last Thursday, I believe it was Thursday or Friday, that briefing, it was a private briefing with senators.


But they need to tomorrow. Susan, I'm, I'm hearing And I may have told you this off air, but I'm hearing there's an email trail, not only an email trail, but a substantial one and a white paper trail of numerous security requests by the DTD Donald Trump detail to Roe and Cheadle and others in the management eighth floor of the Secret Service. Eighth floor is their headquarters floor where all the big shots are. So to say, I'm hearing there's a very detailed and substantial email trail that it's going to be impossible to disappear. They may electronically make it disappear, but from what I'm hearing from, let's just say friends, there's some redundancy built into that system because some of these same people knew that this would happen and were not gonna be thrown under the bus.


And lemme just tell you one of these same people, I'm gonna have to say I'm, I don't have enough time running up. I'm gonna think, I'm not trying to like tease this Susan, I'm gonna have to tell you this. One of these same people was involved in a very similar thing a long time ago and only protected himself because of emails. So he was not gonna get burned by this. Again, I haven't said this before, Susan Crabtree, you were an amazing reporter. Stay on this. Really, I love what you're doing and thanks, thanks for being a real honest journalist where there's are sadly few and far between. Thanks for your time today. We appreciate it. Thank you so much, Dennis. Thanks. And for your devotion to this issue. Take care. The news on this scandal, unfortunately doesn't stop.


First, our next sponsor. This podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing If. you or your loved ones are starting to lose hearing with age and want to tell you about MD hearing. MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearings Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear MD hearing just launched a Neo XS MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever. MD hearing has cut their price in half. You can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297 a pair. $297 for repair of hearing aids is good, is a crazy deal. MD hearing is sold over 1.5 million hearing aids and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. MD hearing are the hearing aids supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans, get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing, go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Patriot to get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of this show. That's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Patriot and get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer.


I talked about the disastrous testimony from the just Hapless acting Secret Service director Ron Rowe, and how President Trump sadly, is still indeed now with the benefit of an entire day behind us. I am, I I think this is gonna be a pretty instructive analysis. Yesterday's hearing was an absolute debacle. And I wanna tell you right now, up front, as someone who worked at the Secret Service for a long time and loved this job both in the Treasury Department and later on, the hostile takeover by the Department of Homeland Security. I'm ashamed, I'm ashamed, I'm embarrassed and I'm gonna tell you something so you don't lose faith entirely.


Although they're making it hard. I have had hundreds and hundreds of people, former and active agents, friends of mine, honestly, people I haven't been friends with, but I just knew as professional acquaintances who feel the exact same way. They are horrified, embarrassed, ashamed. That hearing yesterday, I would argue was worse than Kim Cheadles, the acting director Ron Rowe. This faux indignation, when your agency was responsible for an outdoor security event where a man was murdered, three people were shot, including a former president, an active candidate shot in the head, the indignation and the moments of self celebration for uneventful failures, which were not successes.


I, I shock to the core, a lot of America of the American people, right? You know what is about Ron Rowe and, and the management team that was sitting behind them. I know a lot of these guys, they have egos completely not commensurate with their skill as a guy who did their job, like literally did their job and has been in front of the television camera and the microphone and podcast for over 10 years. That's just a fact. Whether you like it or not, as these guys is totally irrelevant. And who's been scrutinized six different ways from Sunday for over 10 years gets insulted every day on social media.


There is a way to handle a public relations crisis. And everything the Secret Service did yesterday was the, was not only not the right way, it was as if someone came in and sabotaged the secret service by telling them, Hey, here's some great advice. Go out and do this and yell at a bunch of us centers after you got a guy killed at the site. That's a great job. They should be demanding. Ron Rose resignation today. What happened yesterday was a disgrace. The finger pointing, the endless efforts to blame local law enforcement. The lack of explanations, the failure of accountability. What I would argue is potential perjury and lying.


Really, it's just, just, just shameful. Just shameful, shameful. There's no way Ron Roche should have a job today. The United States Senators on both the Democrat and Republican side, you know, you got Peters and, and some other Democrats up there. I'm gonna tell you, we, we covered it live yesterday. You saw it. We stopped and started it DVR. So technically not live, but you get the point. And Jim, did we, no. And then there were some good democrat questions. I I'm not a I ever will never be a Democrat, do not support the Democrats. But I I think what's going on here is this is a bipartisan matter only because, not because these guys, you know, have all of a sudden grown a set or have some integrity on the Democrat side.


It's got nothing to do with it. There are Democrats who wanna be president too, who realize that they could be the one on stage getting shot. That's all this is about. But it fine, whatever we need to keep these guys alive. If that's what it takes skin in the game for you guys to fix this. Some of the questions were not bad. I'm gonna focus on the Republican side 'cause I thought their questions were a lot better. I have three takeaways from yesterday's hearing 'cause I, we covered it at length. And I, I have to get to a lot of stuff including JD Vance's interview. We, it is time to show you who Kamala Harris really is. And I need to warn you about election interference happening right now. Let's get to this one first.


This was one of the best questions of the hearing. This is Senator Josh Hawley. He's asking Ron Rowe why no one's been fired. but I wanna just kind of set this up and tell you why this is important from an insider's perspective, acting director of the Secret Service, Ron Rose has something incredible here that managed to escape scrutiny even by me yesterday, but not today. I had time to go back and listen to this whole thing over again and catch all the little sick rotten eggs in this thing. He says at one point, Ron Rowe that I'm not gonna tell you who was responsible for the disastrous security plan at that site because this agent is still on protective visits.


What, are you kidding me? Here, listen to this exchange. It's a little over a minute long and listen to the foe indignation. This is the worst handling of a crisis I have ever seen by a government entity. Check this out. Let me ask you this. Who is the lead site agent who made the decision to leave the A GR building completely outside of the security perimeter? Who was that Senator? I cannot give you that name. This person is operational. They're still doing investigations, they're still doing protective visits. Have they been relieved of duty Senator? They have not been duty Relieved of duty. Know their name by, by the way, why have they not been relieved of duty?


They are still cooperating. Not only being interviewed by the FBI, but also by our office of professional responsibility. And we will let the facts of the mission assurance and any further investigations play out Isn't, isn't the fact that a former president was shot, that a good American is dead, that other Americans were critically wounded? Isn't that enough mission failure for you to say that the person who decided that that building should not be in the security perimeter probably ought to be stepped down. Senator, I think you're using the word decided. And I. Think we need to allow the, the investigation play out to include Who. Okay, so who discipline? Who did make the decision then if it wasn't the lead site agent who made the decision not to put that in the security permit?


Senator, you're zeroing in on one particular agent. I want to find out exactly. Yeah, what was the entire decision process. So I think, yeah, I want to be neutral and make sure that we get to the bottom of it and interview everybody in order to determine if there was more than one person who perhaps exercised bad judgment. Well, Sure. My question is why don't you relieve everybody of duty who made bad judgment? So yeah, you're right. I am zeroing in on somebody. I'm trying to find somebody who's accountable here. Holly was fantastic yesterday. You know the ya motto on the show? We don't fall in love with politicians. We fall in love with outcomes. That's it. They are tools for us. don don't mean that in a bad way. I mean it in an instructive way.


Politicians are tools for us to advance a conservative liberty oriented agenda. That's it. However, when they become effective tools, we need to celebrate what happens so we get more of it. That was a fantastic question. My only critique, which is of me too, by the way, so I'm critique I missed this yesterday too as it was happening, is that the questioning was so good and Ron Roe was so slick and deceptive. He just snuck that in. That the agent responsible for the site security plan that led to the murder of Corey comparator and the shooting of Donald Trump and two others is still on protective visits.


Shame on me too, for Miss. We, it's my only if, if he would've stopped right there, I again, I missed it too. So don't think I'm throwing myself under the bus. If he would've stopped right there, I should have stopped the DVR yesterday. Jim, right at that point said, wait, what did he just say? How many out there in the listening audience? So as a Rumble, I asked before And, I out there listening a comment on Facebook or wherever you're out there watching or commenting, how many of you are in the military? I'll bet it's a good chunk of my audience. 10, 15, 20%. You're heroes. I'll say it now. I'll say it again. I'll say it always. Thank you for everything you do and everything you have done.


You are absolutely selfless people and you will always have a home on this show. Always, always. How many of you in the military? Let's just pull. Let's say in the Marine Corps. Say in the Marine Corps, your commanding officer says, Marine. You see that fence line? You're gonna stand right there on that fence line. That's your job. This is an order. You're gonna be there for the next 10, 12 hours. If the enemy approaches that fence line, you are to neutralize that enemy. Let's just say you fall asleep and the enemy breaches the fence line and rock and rolls right on into your territory.


Do you think you would still be put on the fence line the next day? The answer is you'd be in the brink. You would probably be court-Martialed, correct? Am I crazy? Marines, army, Navy, air Force, coast Guard. You all know what I'm saying is true. Dereliction of duty, you would probably be court-martialed. You are telling me a security plan. So obviously lacking in even basic security fundamentals was signed off on by a site agent and a supervisor in this field office. Nobody checked for an hour.


If this rooftop was, man, that this agent is now on protective visits. You, you gotta be kidding, tragically, he's not. And notice what he does there too. Ron Rowe. He doesn't wanna tell you who made the decision at that site for that security plan, lacking in even basic fundamentals. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna make it really easy for members of Congress and their staff. It is the Pittsburgh field office site agent and the supervisor who signed off on it there. That's all you need to know.


Ron Roe won't tell you that. 'cause he doesn't want anybody to rat him out. This is all a big cover your ass exercise. Now he doesn't want it getting out there that he was the deputy director and the deputy assistant director in protective operations when years of poor security decision making were made about counter sniper assets or elsewhere. So he's trying to protect people so they protect him. That's all this is. Right now, the same exact people are in charge. They are not interested in security enhancements. They're interested in cover your ass enhancements. This site agent is still working on protective visits. Good luck, Now.


you see why I'm worried President Trump's continuing to do outdoor rallies. You see why I'm, I get why he's doing it. I respect the man's cojones. But Now, you see why I'm worried. I don't wanna lose him. Hey, thanks for listening to the show. Make sure you check out our live stream every single day on Rumble at Rumble dot com slash bonino. You can watch the show, join the chat. You can watch a video on demand at any time, and listen to us on the radio. Go to bonino.com/station finder to find a station near you. Thanks for tuning in. You just Heard Dan Bonino.