
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Welcome To Sunday podcast. This is our chance to play for you some of the best moments from the radio show and some great interviews during the week that you may have missed. If you ever want to check out our show? Go to bonino.com, go to Station Finder and see what radio station we're on near you. You'll love it. I promise you. We put a lot of work into the radio show. Check it out. But before that, lemme tell you about our first sponsor.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Trust me, I've been there. I'm there a lot. So I'm just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of beams. Dream powder and stuff's been a game changer for me. You see, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life there that weigh. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream powder. There's science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. We don't like that. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-theanine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up. Refresh. You wanna try it? Beam's bestselling dream powder where Beam is now offering Bino listeners and exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino or Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Shop Beam dot com slash bon


First up. Today we talk with Scott Presler about what's really important, getting people registered to vote, but more importantly voting early. Don't make the Republicans waste a lot of money like the Trump campaign. And chase your vote. You gotta vote early. Bank your vote please. Presler will give you the details here. If, you don't know Scott Presler. You have to. He's great. VE win Pennsylvania. I think we're gonna win this election, right? I wanna welcome back to the show. A guy committed to the do not just the talk. you know, talk is great, it's what I do, but if it doesn't motivate action, it's kind of useless. Action's. What changes the world and adds value, not just talk. Scott Presler, welcome back to the show. Thanks for your hard work. We appreciate it.


Hey Dan, thanks for having me. Of course. So we've got about 80 days plus left, actually, less than that, Scott. Early voting starts relatively quickly. You have been on the ground for a long time. You have committed your life basically to registering more Republican voters. First, please gimme an update on Pennsylvania. 'cause you and I both know if we win Pennsylvania, the Trump campaign, it's not impossible, but very difficult for Kamala Harris to put together the electoral math. You have been focused like a laser. Give us some updates, hopefully something optimistic. Yes, Pennsylvania wins the White House.


A lot has changed. Dan, since I last spoke with you, we have hired a state director for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And I have 12 additional field staff on the ground all across the Commonwealth. And now in the last three weeks since the Democrats Undemocratically pushed Joe Biden aside, making Kamala presumptive nominee, having Tim Walls stolen Valor, Tim Walls go in there. you know, we've seen a lot of contrived and calculated momentum on social media. And even myself, I was thinking, you know, are the Democrats gonna get a bump in voter registration?


Well, I'm here to tell you that every single week for the last three weeks since Joe Biden was pushed aside, Republicans have maintained a net gain of more registered Republicans than Democrats across all 67 counties. Now, nice. It gets even better. Dan and I. I'm not here to sell Hopium, I'm just here to tell you facts and data since we last spoke. That's why, that's why we have you. You're not a BS guy. So go, go, go for it. We, we flipped Bucks County from blue to red. Now let me provide context. Four years ago there were 15,000 more registered Democrats than Republicans.


And as of Monday of this week, there are now 500 more registered Republicans. That is a flip of 15,500 and just four years. And when you realize that 2020 came down to 80,000 votes statewide, that's one 10th of what we need in just one county to win the election. And furthermore, Newsweek, not Newsmax, Newsweek, they reported yesterday that in Pennsylvania republicans are outpacing the Democrats four to one statewide. So I'm here to tell people do not believe the polls.


Do not believe what you are seeing that is calculated and contrived on social media. We are not seeing the Kamala enthusiasm online reflected in the data on the ground and la And last point I wanna make is, if you're worried about this election, if If you feel scared about the future of our country, then I ask you, help me register more voters in Pennsylvania. How can wait, tell 'em how. I wanna make sure we get this out. Tell 'em exactly how they can help you. So I want to give a shout out to Ellis Dukart. He is one of our staff. you know what he did in the last two days? Dan, we have a list of every FFL Federal firearms license company in Pennsylvania.


Ellis visited in person 13 at different gun stores in the last two days. He brought with him voter registration forms and he asked the business owners would they be willing to put out voter registration forms. So every single hunter, every single gun enthusiast gets registered to vote. And 13 out of 13 said yes. So wherever you are in the country right now, listening to Dan Bonino, yes, while Pennsylvania's important, we have millions of hunters from Arizona to North Carolina to Wisconsin and Pennsylvania that I want you all to do that very process. Print out some voter registration forms, type into the internet, Pennsylvania voter registration application, print 'em off, go visit your local gun store and get to work.


And, and this is not limited to gun stores. You can go to Cabelas and you can ask your your priest for permission to register voters. And you can go to Home Depot and Walmart in farmer's markets to also reach out to our Amish. And I'll tell you with Josh Shapiro, our democrat governor that has been waging a war on religious freedom and school choice and small businesses and dairy farms and forced vaccinations. We're seeing the Amish registering to vote in droves. And so we must also be at our farmer's markets. Scott, the Democrats must hate you. We're talking to Scott Presler. Scott, what? Give your website out please. And I wanna ask you another question.


Give the website out so they can help you directly in this, in this effort. Thank you. My website is early. Like you're early to something. Vote VOTE action.com. That's early that vote action.com. Bino Army. you know what to do, Scott, you said something really important. you know, having run for office and lost, but getting the ground operating experience. I don't want people to, to dismiss easily what you just said. You are flipping people from Democrat to Republican or just registering new people as Republicans that matters was when you are a candidate like I was in this congressional race, you'll get a walk list.


So in other words, you don't know who people voted for in the United States. It's a secret ballot, but you know their voter registration, that's not secret at all. So if I'm a Republican candidate, whatever, Dan, Bonino for Congress, I get a walk list in a primary and obviously in a primary I'm only gonna knock on Republican doors. In a general, you may knock on some Democrat doors too. The point I'm trying to make is your actions in Pennsylvania with your group by flipping people or registering new people. These are people who are now going to appear for the first time on walk lists for assembly candidates, state senate candidates, dog catcher, city councilmen, Congress. They are going to meet Republicans from this point on who they've never shown up on the radar before.


This is not just some incidental thing, this is critical to flipping swing states. Well, and and you're so right. This is top to bottom the work that we're doing. Yes, it's gonna help President Donald Trump. Trump, but it's also gonna help McCormick for the Senate seat to give President Trump a senate so we can pass legislation. This is going to help Bresnahan defeat Democrat Matt Cartwright and Northeast Pennsylvania. This is going to help take back the State House in Pennsylvania and keep our state Senate. So in two years after we elect President Trump this November, we can defeat Josh Shapiro.


This is a long game. But I do also want to point out one other county, because Lucerne County, we are 1100 voters away from flipping Erne County from blue to red. And to give you context, four years ago, Dan, there were 24,000 more registered Democrats than Republicans. Wow. And get this, the boss, the big guy, he's come to Wilkes bury this Saturday. And so my entire early vote action team will be there. I will be there. And we hope within the next coming weeks to have also flipped Lucerne County from blue to red. We are making substantial progress.


We're talking to Scott Presler. He is a one man voter registration machines dedicated his life to it. Scott, I want you to tell the audience, 'cause no, I really, no one has more expertise than you. No one, I mean, even the RNC probably acknowledges you are the guy to go to for this. I've been begging them to bank their vote early in the early voting process for two reasons. Number one, I don't wanna see shenanigans on election day, which are very possible. But second, it's a reason I haven't gotten into yet. It costs money to go chase votes. And they know when you voted again, they don't know who you vote for folks, but they know you voted yes, they can tell. So If, you don't vote and you wait till election day. Republican candidates have to then spend money on a mailer to keep sending a mailer to you because you didn't vote yet.


Demo. That's why another reason Democrats vote early, it's cheaper for them to vote early because then they get wiped off the list. And You don't have to waste postage mailing to people who are waiting on election day for no good reason. We've gotta bank our vote. We cannot wait for election day. Your thoughts In Nevada in 2022, it snowed. On election day, Adam LAX salt lost by 8,000 votes, 150,000 registered Nevada Republicans did not vote. And Lucerne County, Pennsylvania, Lucerne County, they ran out of paper ballots on election day and November of 2022. And in Maricopa County in Arizona, we all know that the machines had printing errors on election day.


And furthermore, I was there in Milwaukee at the RNC. What happened the day after the power outage happened, people were grounded and it actually affected early voting polling locations in Arizona because of that polling that power outage. So what I'm doing, Dan, is I have been posting to the Pennsylvania Department of State daily asking them to make sure that not a single illegal alien or non-citizens on voter rolls, they have not responded to me. They have not responded to my election integrity request. So I have been going in person county to county delivering an early vote action letter asking three things. A, can you tell us with certainty that not a single illegal alien is registered to vote within your county's voter rolls.


B, what is your plan to make sure that your county does not run out of any paper ballots at polling locations? And C, do your polling locations have back up generators and case the electricity goes out on election day that you will still be able to maintain the voter process? And so I need everybody's help. I need you to contact your Pennsylvania County re Registrar county recorder and ask them those questions. Put pressure peacefully to provide for accountability and transparency. Let's be proactive going into this November. Let's not wait for shenanigans to happen. Let's be proactive.


And you agree with me, correct the bank. Get that vote in there. Yeah, get it in there. It makes no sense to wait. Lemme Make this crystal clear. Sorry to interrupt you, Dan. No, please. Organization is early vote action. And yes, I am moving to Pennsylvania. I bought property in Pennsylvania just to cast my vote for Donald Trump. And because I'm gonna be crisscrossing this entire state from now until November, doing everything I can to get out the vote, I will be voting early in person in Pennsylvania. I will be locking in my vote early and especially to our truck drivers that are serving us to our police officers, to our firefighters, to our pilots, to our flight attendants, to any member of the service industry that is working tirelessly to serve us the American people.


I encourage you, because I know that you work long, 12 hour shifts. I encourage you to lock in your vote early because we don't wanna miss any opportunity to elect Donald J. Trump this November, Please. I I Folks, if we win Pennsylvania, I'm telling you Scott was 48.7262% of it. I'm serious man. Scott, unfortunately, I gotta run your website one last time. For the people who wanna help you get the job done, sky needs your help. What is it? Help me hire more staff, please financially contribute@earlyvoteaction.com. Please donate@earlyvoteaction.com. Dan, thank you for having me.


Thank You. Listen, we will do it again, man. You just, you know, you messaged me when you got something to say and you, I I only have doers on the show. I'm not interested in, in, in chatter boxes anymore. Scott Presser, thanks for your hard work man. We'll have you back before the election. We appreciate it. Thank you. Let's go. Alright, Bye. Let's he left. Man, this guy, I am telling you he is, that there is, there probably isn't a a, a single human being outside of Donald Trump. Hated more by the Democrats than Scott. I'm telling you right now. The guy has registered more voters than multimillion dollar organizations. This is all he does. This is not an act folks. It's not a shtick.


Go follow his social media. He is everywhere all the time, every day it is. You wanna talk about a laser focused individual? This is what he does. Registers, voters. Registers. And I told you why that matters. You register voters, they appear on walk lists, they all of a sudden start meeting Republicans for the first time. These are the things we explain on this show. You may not get in other places. Another great interview coming up, but let's hear from our next sponsor.


Hey, before Birch, I didn't really endorse any gold companies. I didn't think there was a need to own gold, so I wouldn't recommend it to my listeners. It's just the facts. But now with all the insanity going on, folks, I'm glad I did. I did really well on my birch gold purchases. you know, the endless printing of money, skyrocketing national debt, global chaos, and yes, an election in November with big ramifications. So I buy gold and I've been buying gold from birch gold for some time now. It gives me the peace of mind knowing if the bottom falls out of our economy, have something of value to anchor me and my family. If, you want that same peace of mind. You can protect your savings by diversifying into physical gold. The coins are the bars from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H, and they'll ship it fully insured directly to your home. You already have home and auto insurance. Consider adding financial insurance with an investment in gold. To get started, just text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on how it works. Moving some of your savings to gold is one thing you can do to help provide real financial security for your family in case you ever need it. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


You guys all know Julie Kelly out there. She's been all over this January 6th pipe bomber case. It's one of the biggest scandals of our time. Take a listen. Alright, right to it. No time to waste. Julie Kelly, one of the best reporters out there. Her and Darren Beatty are primarily responsible for keeping the biggest scandal or one of 'em in modern political history in the news. What the hell was a pipe bomb doing in front of Kamala Harris's location at DNC on January 6th. Julie, you can follow her. She's at Julie, Kelly number two on X. And I just retweeted her article. Julie, a really amazing video that came out yesterday. Thanks for joining us today.


Dan. Thank you so much as always for covering my work and Darren's and keeping this story alive. Because we can't let it be buried like the media wants. No, they, they do want it to go away. And as I've been saying, it's really strange because it would feed their narrative that the Chewbacca guy and Evil Red Hat wearing MAGA Republicans were gonna take over the government and almost kill Kamala Harris. Yet nobody wants to talk about it. So the video you got, it's on your social media in your article. You can, you can check it out. And I encourage you to, the video you have now appears to show a DC metro vehicle and a guy getting out. We don't know if he's a police officer, we don't know who he don don't wanna make any assumptions. We don't know who it is, but it's definitely a DC metro vehicle gets out right before this bomb was allegedly found and appears to have some type of black bag.


Now, Julie, that's really interesting because a bunch of explosives personnel, including dogs and EOD techs, missed this alleged bomb. And no one's seen the bomb actually been placed being placed there. What's going on? Have you gotten any comment on the video since you put this story out yesterday? I've been getting a lot of comment and I believe that Republicans in Congress, and of course people like Tom Massey and representative Barry Loudermilk has been really on top of everything J six. So I believe that they are going to pursue this and try to find out who that individual was that exited the DC Metro SUV at 1251 that day.


He appears he doesn't appear, he moves out of the site line of the main security camera that is aimed towards one of the entrances at the DNC, including the driveway where Kamala Harris's motorcade entered at 11:25 AM He moves out of the site of that camera. There's no camera by the way, in the two benches in the shrub area where the bomb, we were told Dan was planted the night before. Remember, right? So there's no camera footage from that angle. He moves out at 1251, he's carrying a bag, he's kind of covered head to toe. He kind of puts one of his jackets or something over his face.


1253, he exits that frame, he's back into the security camera location and he gets back into that DC Metro SUV. About 12 minutes later, the device, quote unquote, is finally detected by a plain closed capitol police officer. And this coincides with about 20 minutes after a device was allegedly found at the RNC. So it's very clear now, Dan, there was no pipe bomb there the night before. There was no device there, which is why yes ma'am, bomb sniffing canines didn't pick it up.


Dozens of pastors by and pedestrians Several DNC security, DC Metro Police Security, secret Service post standards, secret Service motorcade drivers, DC Metro drivers. It's incredible how hundreds of people with trained, trained law enforcement security professionals, including a dog with some pretty heavy ECMO terminates who has no political agenda. It's a freaking dog managed to not sniff black powder. So crazy, Julie. So weird. Well, and we were told again by the FBI, this was a viable device, that it had black explosive powder, that it was diesel, that it could have killed people. The Department of Homeland Security Inspector General Joseph Kaari confirmed in his report released a few weeks ago that she came within 20 feet of this alleged device if it was where we were told and have been told it was planted the evening before.


And again, media completely ghosting the story, including the report. Kamala Harris never talks about it. Joe Biden never talks about it. And his numerous rants about January 6th, which was the centerpiece of his reelection campaign, he talks about the gallows, he talks about the mobs, he talks about, you know, broken windows. He never talks about the crazy MAGA bomber who almost blew up his incoming vice president. Wow, come on so crazy, right? I mean, Kamala was almost killed by a deranged maga, probably red hat wearing, maybe he was, you know, going out for subway sandwiches. And the guy probably had like some bleach and was screaming, you know, this is MAGA country too.


And right, they have to, some of you get that. They have this amazing story. And yet Julie Kamala never, ever talks about her being at the DNC. But lemme get to some again, you and Darren, if it were not for you two, this story's gone, disappeared. No one would be covering it. Zero. You guys have been all over this. Darren did some reporting a while back. The FBI, who of course I don't trust as far as I can throw at all, is claiming No, no, the pipe bomb was there. It was planted the night before by this guy we have on video. We're like, oh, okay. The guy you're showing us on the video makes a phone call. Do, do you have the, the phone records? And it's weird, the FBI said, no, no, just those phone records are corrupted.


We can't find those. They can find everyone else. Julie, January 6th, grandma Smith is in jail because of phone records. They have her, they can't find his phone records. There's no actual video in the released FBI video from the night before of a bomb being planted. None. You just see this figure and Darren's reporting indicates that there may be some manipulation going on of the actual video. I don't believe it. Julie, I believe you are. You are absolutely 100% correct. That bomb was planted by some anti-Trump lunatic minutes before being found as some plot to stop Republicans from questioning the results of the election. I now have zero doubt.


Right? And I know that you said that today on your podcast, and I think that that's absolutely right. And you said plan B, but then you said no, this was plan A, Plan A this. Yeah, go into that. What do you think about that? Well, And look, we're gonna have a lot more on this, keep in mind too, that one of the DC law enforcement officials, Danelle Harvin, and he is on media, social media all the time, blasting Donald Trump. He did a tabletop exercise with another DHS official, he's head of DC DHS emergency service, you know, blah, blah, blah. One of those agencies, he was so worried that there could be a pipe bomb scare that they did a tabletop exercise December 30th, 2020.


Oh Wow. That is so weird. It's like they knew something was gonna, that's, gosh, these guys are good at this, Julie, but then, but hey Julie, they did a tabletop exercise like, Hey guys, Winky winky nod. What if we found a pipe bomb that interrupted Republicans from questioning the election? And then the weird thing, Julie, is they do the exercise and then according to the FBS, they actually missed the pipe bomb dad that how is, wow, that's so crazy, man. I can't, And the woman who found the one at the RNC Carly Younger, she just happened to be doing her laundry and yeah, she worked at home for FirstNet, the public private first responder communications system that had gotten a $92 million grant from the FBI the months before all of these coincidences were supposed to leave.


Dan, I wanna underscore one thing. People say, well, how did they think they would get away with this? you know, why, Dan, they thought they had January 6th. So locked down that narrative so locked down that anyone who disputed it was an insurrectionist would be cast out. They never imagined three and a half years later that you and me and Darren Beatty and other influencers would still be digging, would still be coming up with this video, would still be asking questions and exposing it. They thought it was done and over. Yeah. And it's no, there is zero, absolutely zero chance I'm letting this go. Julie, let me ask you another question here about this. I, I think they're out to this entire thing.


The, the deep state. I'm talking about the way they're gonna try to get out of this thing when they're forced by either a Trump presidency, a declassification, or a whistleblower, when they're forced to tell the truth, and I'd like your opinion on this, their out is gonna be this, you know what, it was a training exercise that day. We put this fake bomb out there. you know, we had this incoming administration, we wanna be sure security was tight. It was a training exercise. I I say that because it's the only way they can kind of wiggle their way out of this or try to, without seeming like they almost killed the vice President of the United States in furtherance of a political narrative.


Look at what these MAGA guys are doing, your thoughts on that? I mean, they definitely could. There's just such a long record of the FBI insisting that this was a legitimate device increasing the reward. you know, so you've got top officials on record early on. Steven Dan recall was head of the Washington FBI field office, fresh off the heels of executing, successfully implementing the Whitmer Fed napping hoax. He was promoted from Michigan to Washington. He went, he gave a long video in March of 2021, talking about, about the bomber and If. you have any suspect, well, how could it be a training exercise by whom?


And the FBI completely cut out of it. They could come up with that excuse. And you know that people in the media, they will jump on that and say, oh, well now this makes sense. So, sure, you know, now we can pay attention to the pipe bomb again. But, you know, and there's just gonna be a lot more to come. And I do think that Republicans in Congress, and this is another reason Donald Trump has to win it, is our only hope. Only hope, yeah. Of exposing all of the corruption behind January 6th. We're talking to Julie Kelly, please follow her. This is, I I need you to do this. Or you're gonna miss all the details on the story. Follow her. And Darren, she is at Julie, Kelly number two, Subscribe to her substack.


You're not gonna, folks, the story's gonna go right over your head, If, you're not. And it is a huge, huge, huge scandal. Julie, the Secret Service, missing texts from that day. That's another scandal here. This is one of the reasons I'm led to believe, and I know there's various opinions and I I have enormous respect for both of you guys. I don't think the Secret Service was in involved directly in this. I I know a lot of people can that, and I'm, let me just explain why it, there is way too much liability for them. I think what happened with the Secret Service and the reason the text disappeared that day is that they were told, Hey, listen, that was a training device.


Here's what we're doing. They then realized that whether it was a training device or not, they're getting played. They look horrendous. They look like, oh my gosh, we just let a pipe bomb fake or real or not appear near our protectee and we miss the entire thing. How did this happen? And then they decided to take advantage of the chaos afterwards by making it go away. And the reason I say that is I'm not suggesting people at the top may not have known that I can't vouch for, but the guys on the ground and the women on the ground, obviously a huge lapse. There's too much liability for them personally to personally, there's no way to get out of it that this bomb was found. you know what I'm saying? Like, they can't just go, oh no, I did my job. They didn't, they missed it.


Your thoughts on that? And, and again, If, you have, you know, If, you have a different opinion, let me know. But I, I think that's why those texts are gone, Unfortunately. I think just because I'm so twisted at this point. I do think that, no, I get it. I get it. They were, I totally get, because they were in on this again, we still don't know why Kamala Harris left the capitol at 12. At 1115 and went to the DNC. Why did she leave the Capitol, as you have said, and we've discussed, this was her the pinnacle of her career. She's gonna make American history the first woman of color as the incoming vice president. She's at the Capitol first Senate intelligence briefing. She inexplicably leaves to go to the DNC where she remained.


She didn't even go back for the beginning of the joint session session that started at one o'clock. She didn't even hightail it back there. She was also a US senator. She was part of the proceedings that day. So why I hope you understand Bnc. I know it doesn't make any sense. I hope you understand. I'm not giving them a pass and oh, I know. I'm not talking about the management. Ron Rowe and Kim Cheadle are clearly, clearly up to no good. I no doubt in my mind, Kim Cheadle, I have zero doubt is lying about the text. She was a former director and Ron Rowe was in the protective operations Secret Service branch. When all this was going down. These unquestionably or not good people.


I just, the guys on the ground, it's just to me is such, I don't know, maybe it's just misplaced faith. Julie, I wish I had more time with you. An amazing story, folks. It's up there at declassified. That's Julie's blog. It's at Julie Kelly two. I just retweeted it. Please support this amazing journalist and she has a book out called January 6th. You should read too, Julie, thanks a lot for your time. We appreciate it. You're the best. Stan, thank you so much. No, You're welcome. She's great folks. I hope you don't think I'm giving anybody a pass. It's obvious I'm not. I just think it's so much liability for people who are, you know, they're not making a lot of money. They're probably GS twelves, maybe GS thirteens for someone to come up to and go, Hey, ignore this bomb.


And we can't tell you why. don don't know. Doesn't make sense to me. Now, the management after what we've learned recently, that's a whole different story. But I have zero doubt that that bomb was planted and that bomb was definitely not there the night before. No chance. I've got an interview coming up about our dreadful economy and what you're not being told. There's some secrets out there, but our next sponsor first,


Hey, Omaha Stakes has been providing families across our great country with the finest quality stakes for over a hundred years. My family included Love Omaha steaks. These guys are always stealing outta my freezer. But it's okay because it's good stuff and we love it. How many companies could say they successfully been in se business for a century and to celebrate their offering? 50% off sitewide during their anniversary sale? Plus you get $30 off with my Probo code bonino 50% off@omahasteaks.com putting code Bonino get another $30 off for some darn great food. We eat this all the time. you know why? Because it tastes delicious. From butcher's cut top sirloins beef sirloin tips, boneless chicken breasts or good old fashioned Omaha steaks. Burgers are a protein lovers dream. Everything's flash frozen, vacuum sealed, and ready to prepare so it makes dinner prep fast and easy. Five generations have run this family owned business and they take pride in the quality of the food they deliver. They offer an unconditional 100% money back guarantee. Visit omaha steaks.com today. Look for the anniversary sale. Celebrate a hundred years, get 50% off sitewide plus $30 off If. you Use code bonino minimum purchase may apply. Go to omaha steaks.com. Use code bonino delicious food, check out the burgers too. Amazing.


Whenever we wanna talk economics, we go with our friend EJ Anoni. It's all the hidden secrets the Biden administration's not telling you about folks. These are some of the most important segments we do because they directly impact your wallet that Kamala Harris wants to unburden with money, she wants to unburden it by lightening your wallet, removing some of that money and then placing it into government coffers so they can flush it down. The toilet pole here to talk about the current state of the economy is one of the best economic minds out there. A guy I follow on social media and you should too, EJ and Tony ej, welcome back to the show. Dan. Thank you for having me again.


Well, you're, again, I follow you on social media because you're always ahead of the curve on these things. First, let me just ask you a very simple question. I, I get it. you know, one can predict the future, a thousand different variables could happen. Wars, we, I get it. But say we're on the current trajectory we're on now, the unemployment numbers, productivity numbers. Do you sense a recession might be close or even before the November election? 'cause that would change everything. You know, I, I really do. Dan, I would not be surprised actually if they eventually backdate a recession to beginning this month in August. And unfortunately we're never gonna know before the election whether one has actually begun or not, because we're not gonna get that that official pronouncement handed down to us.


If you will. But I think the American people at this point can look around and see their own personal finances, see what's going on around around them, and get a pretty good sense that the economy's not doing well. Yeah, we're talking to EJ and Tony ej, you, you know, what I don't like is the Democrats trying to distance themselves from policies that have been directly implicated in this economic malaise being caused right now. And I use that word intentionally. I I am not naive. I understand that swampy Republicans for years have played into the debt crisis and some of 'em are now playing into the current tax crisis as well with a lot of this manipulate, a lot of these manipulations of the tax code.


I get it. And I just think the Democrats are far worse. And that's why, you know, I'm forced to vote Republican most of the time. I wish they could, I could vote conservator, but there is absolutely zero doubt that Team Biden Harris, now Tim Walls are all on the side of borderline socialists, if not outright socialist type redistribution. They want a massive increase in the corporate tax rate. They want massive government spending to not only continue to be, but be enhanced. I mean, these are the types of things that are directly causing the economic crisis we're in now through things like crowd out and productivity problems as companies have to forfeit more money over to the government. Oh, AB absolutely Dan, that's all a hundred percent right.


I think you're spot on. And, and I would add to that, that that Kamala's VP pick even wants to put a surcharge tax on capital gains and dividends. Can you imagine what that's gonna do to people's retirement accounts? I mean, it's just absolutely gonna wipe them out because those taxes apply not just to real increases in value, but just nominal increases. In other words, as stocks go up because of inflation, which by the way accounts for three quarters of all the stock gains we have seen under the Biden Harris administration, you don't just owe tax on the real increase, you even owe tax on the nominal increase from inflation. In other words, you, you add in these additional surcharges on top of that and you end up with a negative real rate of return, you would've been better stuffing your money under a mattress.


Yeah. This isn't hard math to figure out, even if you're a leftist, if inflation is say, well just, you know, pick fingers, 5%, five fingers, whatever, inflation's 5%, and you make a 5% nominal gain in the stock market, you have not made any real money. So If, you are then taxed on this fake gain. You have effectively lost money. In other words, what you could have bought before your fake 5% gain, you can actually buy less than how, because you've had to give that fake gain over to the government, which they then really take E Exactly, Dan. And you know, this is the exact same thing that we see when this administration talks about how families are making more today than they ever have before.


I mean, sure that's true in a technical sense, but it's not really true in any meaningful sense because although the, the typical American family's weekly paycheck has gotten much bigger over the last couple of years, on average it buys much less, how much less? About $4,000 less. I mean, can you imagine what that does to families? Right now you have countless Americans who can't even afford groceries. They're having to use credit cards. you know, Dan, I just saw a statistic. Half of American families right now can't afford back the school supplies for their kids. They can't even afford crayons and notebooks. This is insane. Yeah. They're literally having to put this stuff on a credit card that they can't pay off.


Yeah, we're talking to EJ and Tony Economists heritage, you're still at Heritage, right? Sorry, should I, are You still over there? I, I am for now. We'll, we'll see I don Dunno. Okay, good. Just wanna check it very much. But I hope they do. Well, we love you and I follow you on social because you're always ahead of this stuff. You just said something though. I wanted to kind of reiterate to my audience as to why I believe politically, the economic ramifications of the Biden years have been far worse politically than they were in Obama. Obama managed to get reelected despite an economy. EJ that you and I followed that candidly was probably just as bad. We, Obama in eight years never reached 3% GDP growth.


The first president in modern history, not to be able to do it. Productivity was in the tank. It was really a terrible economy. But Obama managed to get reelected because it was a couple of layers removed. He managed to distance himself, distance him himself from it, excuse me, by blaming greeting corporations and others. The, the problem Biden has is inflation is a very unique economic crisis because everybody understands it. Just by, just by the cash register. I mean, you can't hide it. You can't just go, oh my gosh, look, you know, we hiked a corporate tax in those greedy corporations instead of reinvest the money, blah, blah, blah, and, and talk people into a ditch. They experience it every day.


They may get a raise at work, but they realize, wow, I can't afford my insurance bill anymore. I can't afford my car payment. Inflation's a unique crisis that Biden created through this EO of really horrible decision making. And that's why people get it. And I think that's why they're gonna have a real problem pulling the lever for him if they're not diehard Democrats in this election. Well, Dan, and I think it's important to emphasize that this is not simply a Biden problem. This is a Biden Harris problem. She owns this agenda. you know, not only was she the biggest cheerleader for all the runaway spending over the last several years as the vice president of this administration, but also as the president of the Senate, she cast two tie breaking votes for two of the three biggest spending bills we have seen over the last three and a half years.


So she bears a tremendous amount of responsibility here. She has to own the inflation crisis because she helped cause it. And, you know, one other thing I I that we really need to point out that these inflation numbers don't really capture the true cost of living crisis that families are facing today because they ignore regulatory costs. you know, the Trump administration, I don't think gets enough credit here for what they did with, with regulatory reform. They reduced regulatory costs on the average family by $2,000 per year every year through their efforts. Conversely, what has happened under the Biden Harris administration, we've seen the opposite. We've seen regulatory burdens increase by $5,000 per family per year every year.


That's a tremendous additional burden that isn't even counted in these inflation metrics. I think that's important that we all understand that folks, what EJ just said, government regulations are effectively attacks. Hey, I'll just give you a quick example. I, I have this secret service COIN on my desk or whatever it looks like an old badge. Let's say you work for one of these COIN makers and Biden puts out a regulation saying, If, you make a COIN with this type of metal, you're gonna have to pay for an environmental analysis. The environmental analysis could cost 10, $15,000. Candidly, ej, I'd rather pay a tax. It costs me 2000 than a regulation, it costs me 10. So when you talk about things like Trump's deregulation and his destruction of government red tape, which is a matter of record, you can go look at the federal register compared to Biden growing the federal register and just dramatically expanding red tape.


These aren't secondary, tertiary costs. This is real money coming out of your business's wallet and bank account that is then not going to workers to create cheaper products. E Exactly. Dan, you're spot on here. And, and again, you know, we gotta emphasize that when you hear in the news, oh, inflation is down, everything's fine. Really, then why do I keep paying more when I fill up my tank or when I put groceries in the backseat? Why is it I'm driving around on bald tires 'cause I can't afford new ones? Why are these costs still going up when they tell me inflation is down? A lot of that has to do with the fact that they're not counting many of these costs.


Regulatory burdens chief among them. Yeah, they're real ej. One more Biden era initiative, which again, no sane person can question unless you're a hyperpartisan gaslighting lunatic is, the Biden team has not been friendly to a pro energy agenda. They just haven't between LNG, export restrictions, refinery restrictions, pipeline permitting issues, you know, even Joe Manchin, who's a Democrat, you know, phony, whatever. But even Manchin tried to push for the permitting re restriction relief because if you're not gonna have pipelines, you're not gonna have gases. What are you gonna do? Transport it by rail? It's, it's dangerous. It's laborious, it doesn't work. They've done this energy is fed into every price of everything.


There's nothing out there made besides maybe you John Jay Rambo style whittling away at a piece of wood to make a spike out of it. Everything's gonna require some form of energy petrochemicals, everything. And not to mention the plastics that come out of it and everything else. There has not been a more anti-energy agenda team than Kamala Harris and Joe Biden. And that's another imposed tax on America. As their heating bills go up, their gas bills go up, this is a defacto tax, if not a, the jury one right out of the chute that's costing people real money. Dan, you are spot on again here a hundred percent. Look, you know, not only does energy affect the price of everything we do and everything we buy, but in America, because we can get natural gas out of the ground so much cheaper than most of the rest of the world, we actually use that and not oil for a lot of our chemical blend stocks.


In other words, we use natural gas to make everything from the polyester fibers in your clothing to the plastic in your cell phone to even components in your car engine and everything in between. And so what happens is when you raise an input cost that as that is as ubiquitous as natural gas, you are gonna cause costs to go up throughout the economy. And sure enough, that's what we've seen under the this administration. These are the people that killed the Keystone XL pipeline literally on day one from from the beginning until all the way till today. They have been anti-energy. Ej I know I said was last question one more. I got two minutes left there. There's a thing in economics, you and I both know called the substitution effect.


you know, price of chicken goes up, people buy more beef, price of beef goes up, they buy pork. You can substitute, you may not like it, but there's a way out of it. That's not the case with energy prices. What you just said is accurate. There's no way to avoid energy prices if you're gonna restrict energy like the Biden administration with Harris are committed to. There's just no way it's built into every single thing. That's right, Dan. And you know that substitution effect by the way that happens not only at the local level, right? It happens not only when the individual consumers choosing, like you mentioned, what kind of meat do I want to buy? It happens at the international level as well. In other words, when we're not producing enough energy exports, countries have to turn to sometimes hostile nations like Iran, right?


Russia. And buy energy from them. Russia. And so now instead of money going to put Americans to work, you're putting money into the coffers of the war war in Iran and you're funding terrorism. Right? And, and I, I, I mean it's just amazing how we're funding this war in Ukraine. Whatever your position is. I'm not even gonna talk about that now. That's for another day. But we're funding a war in Ukraine while we're simultaneously restricting our own natural gas supply to allow others to buy natural gas to Russia, to, we we're like effectively funding both sides of this war, which is an obscenity. ej, you're awesome. They need to follow you. EJ Anoni, he is on social media on X and elsewhere. Give him a follow If. you wanna stay way ahead of the curve on the economics news of the day.


EJ will have you back. As always, we, you're our resident economist on the show. We love you. Thanks for coming on today. Appreciate it. No, my pleasure, Dan. Thank you for having me. You got it. That guy's, one of the best folks, please give him a follow on social media, EJ and Tony, it's worth your time. Look about, look at all the numbers he has up there on consumer debt. The economy's worse than you think. you know, I haven't been dramatic. It's not the worst we've ever seen. I'm never gonna engage in hyperbole to spin your wheels. Okay? I'm not gonna do that. It's bad enough that we should vote the right way. I'm just telling you, it's not as bad as some people will tell you. But it's a lot worse than Biden and Harris are telling you and the media.


You look at the numbers and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about. Real wages, consumer debt. We are in a lot of trouble. Next one of those rants. you know what I'm talking about when I kind of lose my mind on the air. They're great. I know you love 'em. I know I do. It's like therapy. But first, our next sponsor.


Do you think your skin enjoyed the summer as much as you did? Ladies and gentlemen, here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz, California. I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love this product. It helps reduce the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger. Great. Even at my age, Stephanie's raving about the genus cell skincare dark spot corrector a must have. Now after months of record heat and time in the sun, sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, and even red inflamed patches could all disappear in front of your very eyes. The gen cell skincare guarantee is amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed to your money back. So take advantage of the genus sell current most popular package, which includes also the classic genus sell bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects, all at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. It's simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. That's G-E-N-U-C-E l.com/dan genus sell.com/dan is a special gift. Every package order includes the brand new genus. Sell liquid collagen builder free guaranteed to help improve the appearance of your skin, hair, and nails yours free today. Genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan.


The government sucks. It sucks. Ruins ruin everything. Every single thing they touch I can went into some detail in this rant. This is why you gotta listen to the radio show, by the way, in addition to the podcast, because in the five minute break between the 11:00 AM podcast and the noon radio show, things get in my head in my melon little like brain worms. And I can't get them out. And because this is my psychotherapy session and I don't have a cocaine using Sigmund Freud to help me out here, you are my kind of, you're my, you're my release valve. you know, Sh And i, I genuinely, I'm okay serious time.


I cannot get over how bad the government is in everything. It's not just the Secret service story. I, I read to you a tweet from Mike Benz, the great Mike Bens deep state analyst covering this John Solomon piece about how this guy who the FBI's alleging wanted to kill Trump working with Iran. Whether you believe that or not, I mean, it is the FBI and DOJ. So there's always reason to be skeptical, right? That not only was the guy on this terror watch list, but not only did we let 'em in, we let 'em in with special permission. You're like, can you idiots, can you do anything right? Is there, is there a single thing you can do? Right? I mean, I'm sitting here even during the break, 'cause I can't get this outta my head.


I'm sorry. We got an election coming up and the choice has never been clearer. Well, may don don't know, maybe 1984 Reagan Mondale, but even Clinton, Bob Doll, Ross Perot, there was some crossover. Jim, you remember that, right? you know, Kamala's always like, and Venn diagrams or whatever, you know, those like circles that all intersect, there's always something they all agree on, right? This is one of those elections where there are two completely disparate worldviews as Thomas Soul would call 'em, like a conflict divisions. There's no intersection at all. You've got communist Kamala Harris and Tampon and Tim Walls, right?


Stolen Valor guy. And then you've got Donald Trump and JD Vance. We know, 'cause we're conservatives what the Trump and Vance team stands for because JD Vance's been a senator for a couple years. He's got a record, and Donald Trump was president for four years. There's no mystery. Kamala Harris and Tim Walls, you have this vision of America based on this mythological creature they call the federal government. That is somehow this source of goodwill and the hero in the story, but they have no evidence to back it up. There is nothing we can do, right? Not the Secret Service, not the FBI, not the Intel community.


Did you notice the Intel community? I mean, they, they, everything, all of these threats seem to October 7th. How did that, how did we not know? How did we not know that? Isn't that our job? Like to know, how do we not know this stuff? Like, yeah, the government, they did do he healthcare. Yeah, they did. Every, everything screwed up. Everything. You just keep paying more money for less stuff. Think about this, right? Everything in your life that has been subjected to the principles of non-government free markets is better. Flat screen TVs, contacts, lasik, dental services, Invisalign, everything's better.


You get the government involved, every single thing sucks. Your washing machine. Why does your washing machine suck? Not because people don't know how to build washing machines, because the government had to get involved in the washing machine, air conditioning business. Now nothing works. You try to turn on a, I had a guy, no joke, bro. I had a cat come over here not that long ago looking at my washing machine. Brand new, by the way. Listen, I, I, okay, the job pays well. All right, good. Talking about money. You're probably a loser. However, it's important here. I got a ice washing machine. It's not like a billion dollar ice freaking thing was broke in like six months. Guy comes over, he's like, dude, my washing machine's from like 1985 or whatever.


I'm never getting rid of it. He goes, you know why it actually works and cleans clothes. I'm like, isn't this crazy? He's like, it's the government with the water restrictions. Nothing works. Same thing with the air conditioning guy. I got this freaking air conditioner. I don't even know how much the thing costs. It probably costs more than five cars. And the damn thing never works. The guy's like, it's all these government restrictions on this and Fon and all this other crap. Nothing works anymore. Nothing works. Everything the government touches, it destroys everything. The FBI has a thing called the Terror Watch list and just arrested a guy who they let in from the terror watch list who supposedly wanted to kill Trump while the Secret Service, who's supposed to keep people from killing Trump? Let a guy on a roof who came within a millimeter of killing Trump and murdered a guy and shot two others, and, and the liberals are running on.


You understand that communist Kamala and tampon Tam are running on more of this. We need more of this in your life. Everything they touch sucks. Think about it, right? I, I promise I'm not done with the Secret Service story, but folks, I'm on a roll today and I can, I'm sorry, man. Everything they touch, they burn to the freaking ground. You ever notice, they say all the time, they're like liberals, this is liberal. This is how stupid liberals, your liberal friends are freaking morons. They're the dumbest people on planet earth. They are really stupid because they could look this stuff up and they'd see what I'm saying is true, but they choose to be stupid. And people who choose to be stupid are dumber than just standard stupid people.


They're like extra stupid Liberals complain all the time. They'll say two completely different things. They'll be like, oh my gosh, these healthcare costs are outta control. We gotta get 'em under control. Healthcare is outta control, outta control. And then they say the same thing about education. Like, man, these college costs, Jim. They're outta control. They're unbelievable. This is incredible. Notice everything else in your life, subject to the free market's. Gone down in cost. Flat screen TVs, again, LASIK surgery fee, right? It's all gone down. Jim made a shocking announce there because, but Dan, that's weird.


The government isn't the government got a heavy kind of footprint in both of those spaces. You just said costs are outta control. Yeah, and liberals want more because when the government starts paying for stuff, air quotes with your money, nobody cares about the cost or the quality at all. Like not even a little bit. That's why costs are outta control. And liberals want more of this. Liberals will complain to other liberals about the costs of healthcare and college education. And when you say to them, a liberal moron, do you, Mr. Liberal moron, do you think it's a coincidence that healthcare and education is the two spaces where the government you love has the biggest footprint? And that may have something to do with the fact that the costs are totally mismanaged? They're like, oh, no, I didn't get that, man.


Of course you didn't get it because you're stupid, because you're a stupid person and I don't like stupid people, and I gotta tell you something, I'm not running for office, man. You're not gonna convert any liberal. I don't care. I'm done trying to convert stupid people who are communists. I'm done. I'm trying to get people who are not communists motivated to know the fight we're fighting, which is against stupid communists that'll throw you in a gulag tomorrow. You think these people wanna be convinced they know absolutely categorically what I just said is true and they don't care. Look it up. What the government spends the free. Yeah, the Do you have that? Oh, you do. Yeah. You wanna hear gold?


You wanna hear gold right now? Now, liberals, this is not for you. You are, you guys are stupid. Please turn off the radio show. This will only hurt your feelings because you're too dumb to ingest this. Okay? That's what we call it in the business. Ingesting content. you know, you are too stupid for this. This is why everything that government touches, it burns to the ground. There is zero accountability in government at all when you are in the private sector or the free market. When you spend money, the cost of what you're buying matters because it's your money. So you care about what it costs and the quality of what you're buying matters too, because you're buying something for you, so you don't wanna buy crap.


Do you understand? You liberal imbecile, that when government takes other people's money and spends it on other people, that neither one of those things matter and will never matter? Listen to Milton Friedman, the late great Milton Friedman and an economic genius. Explain exactly this again, liberals, tune out. You're too dumb for this. Smart people listen to this. This is why government sucks, and this is an end. Another, another reason, again, why the Secret Service cannot be fixed right now. You give that contract to a private security company had been fired. We would've had a new one in. You're stuck with the same stuff. Check this out. Well, you know, you can spend your own money on yourself, and when you spend your own money on yourself, you're very careful of what you spend it on, and you make sure that you get the most for your daughter.


You can spend your own money on somebody else. You give gifts to other people. You take people out to dinner, and when you spend your own money on somebody else, you're very careful that you don't spend too much. You try to keep down the amount you spend, but you don't worry very much about what the other fellow's getting from it. You don't pay anything like as much attention to the gifts you buy for other people as to the things you buy for yourself. Or you can spend somebody else's money as when you're spending the government's money. I say the government's money, the taxpayer's money, which the government has control over. Now you're spending somebody else's money. Let's say you're spending your boss's money. You're out to lunch on a expense account, but you're spending it on yourself.


You are very careful that you get good things for your money. You try to have a good lunch and pick the right things, but you're not very much worried about whether you get the cheapest, spend all you want, spend all you want, and you'll be careless. Now, what happens when you spend somebody else's money on somebody else? You are a distributor of welfare funds. Well, you're interested in making your own life as good as you can, and most people have humane instincts and wanna do the best they can, but you're not gonna be anything like as careful in spending somebody else's money on somebody else. So there are four ways in which you can spend money. Folks, If, you understand that?


I mean, If, you really understand that. I don't mean you listened, but you heard it. Those aren't the same thing. If, you heard that you can't possibly be a liberal. You can't. You could be a social liberal. You may just, bill Mars said it. Bill, remember Bill Mars saying, he's like, yeah, abortion's killing babies. I'm for that horrible, disgusting, sinful, immoral. However, he was honest. If, you are an economic liberal. You can't, you, you listen to that, you can't hear it. You're incapable. Your brain cannot process what he just said. I, I didn't really intend to make this an economic show.


It's not. This show is gonna be about what happened with the Secret Service, but you were never going to understand why you will never get change within the Secret Service, the FBI or anywhere else, unless you understand that the cost of the Secret Service doesn't matter. It's not their money. Trump's not spending his money on it. It's the government's money, either as Biden or Harris or anyone else. And equality doesn't matter because most of these guys say the the Secret Service Director and all these other people, it's not even, it's not even their lives at risk. It's someone else's. I assure you right now, if someone told them tomorrow something is going to happen to you, God forbid someone's going to attack you tomorrow and you're gonna need a guy with first responder skills to do CPR on you.


I promise you, they would go hunt down some bodyguard who had CPR skills. But because it's the secret service and cost and quality don't matter because the government doesn't care about anything, can't do anything, right. They stick anybody around the president, they don't care. And that's why you got what you want. Hey, thanks for listening to podcast. Be sure to tune into the show every single weekday, 11:00 AM Eastern Time Live. We're the biggest live stream in the world for conservative politics. We'd love to have you join us rumble.com/bonino or download the Rumble app. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify too. Talk to you soon. You Just heard Dan Bonino.