
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, Welcome to Dan Bonino weekend show. This one is a little spicy. Three of your favorite guests, Julie Kelly, you've heard her before, wrote a book called January 6th, the Real Story. Mike Bends the PhD level instructor in the deep state and a new guest, but an old friend of mine, Jack Posobiec on how to crush the Commies. 'cause we can't lose. This is gonna be a great show. Before we get to that, lemme get to our first sponsor.


Summer's in full swing here in Florida and it is hot. Not only our temperatures, hot grills are hot and the deals are hotter than fire at Omaha Steaks. That's right. America's original butcher is heating up the summer with blazing hot deals on mouthwatering grilling favorites, guaranteed to tantalize your taste buds. We stocked up and you should too. For a limited time, you can get scorching savings on legendary flavor during the hotter than fire sale@omahasteaks.com. Every package is carefully curated by the flavor experts at Omaha Steaks. To deliver an exceptional experience, And, they start at just $99 plus. As a bonus to my listeners, get an extra $10 off with promo code bongino at checkout from exquisite steaks to legendary burgers, premium pork to air chilled chicken. All my favorites Omaha Steaks is guaranteed to make your summer worth savoring. Shop the hotter than fire sale today and get exclusive savings on mouthwatering packages starting at just $99. Plus, get an extra $10 off with promo code bonino at checkout. The offer is only available for a limited time and you're not gonna wanna miss it. So shop today before these deals go up in smoke. That's omaha steaks.com promo code bonino at checkout.


All right, coming up here first, Mike Ben, this was right after the debate, but Mike Ben is here to tell you don't get too excited because if they wanna cheat the CIA and the deep State will check this out. but I wanna welcome back to the show, Mike Bens, BENZ, follow him on social media. Mike, thanks for your time. We appreciate it. Thanks, Dan. Always great to catch up. Likewise, feel, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm feeling good after last night, Mike, but I You know, given all the propensity of the, the left and the deep state to cheat in elections. That's why I wanted to bring you on. That's why I don't get too excited about these things. So in 2016, Mike, the CIA, the intelligence community, deep state and the FBI all collude to create a fake narrative that Donald Trump was colluding with.


The Russians obviously made up obviously a, a, a psychological operation being conducted against us in 2020. The C-I-A-F-B-I return again on the Hunter Biden laptop letter where they know the laptop is real, yet they allow this letter to be circulated. So my question to you, I follow you, I've been listening to all your stuff. What do you think's on the menu for 2024 now that the debate went poorly and they're probably gonna have to save Joe Biden, what do you, what do you think happens with the deep state and the CIA? Well, we still have this lurking variable about two things, about the status of the election machines and mass mail-in ballots to the extent that they're going to continue to be used in so many critical states.


And then we also have this new issue around illegal aliens being able to essentially be shepherded in by NGOs and then have their votes essentially counted through, through ballot harvesting and through no checks on citizenship. And then only being able to get redress of that months after the election, which not only may not be able to be done in time to catch any fraud, but then also you have the law fair against all the lawyers. I think a lot of lawyers this time around will be reticent to bring election integrity cases because so many critical, high powered, amazing high integrity lawyers like John Eastman and Jeff Clark and so, and, and Rudy Giuliani have all been arrested simply for bringing the cases or have been disbarred.


And so, you know, there is still this question about frankly, You know whether what, how citizens vote actually matters in a modern democracy. but I, I am heartened to see that the response from last night has been a roll call essentially of Democrat party brass calling for somebody else besides Biden. That is off. you know, there is a moment where the New York Times, all four of the top most read trending articles on the New York Times this morning where calls by New York Times writers for somebody besides Biden. And that call itself suggests to me some, some lack of confidence about whatever they have, whatever tricks they have up their sleeve on election fraud.


Because as I see it, the only reason to actually unseat Biden at this point would be because he's failing for voters, not because he's failing for their own Democrat party stakeholders. And so, I don't know if they just don't have visibility into the election fraud issue or if they don't have the confidence they can pull off some of the sketchiness from last season. We're talking to Mike Benz. It's BE nz. Look him up on social media x other platforms, follow him, subscribe. It is a PhD level course in the deep state. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Mike. Listen, this works both ways. You know it was Chuck Schumer, you remember who infamously told Rachel Maddow, the intelligence community will get you six different ways from Sunday if you mess with him.


Why he would say that publicly just shows how stupid he is. However, he did give up the whole gambit there. Now, if this gets even worse for Biden, I mean it's apocalyptically bad, but you made a good point with the cheating and the illegals. You don't know what, that's why I don't let any red wave talk happen on my show. It is still possible. Even this fossil Reverend Cain Biden could pull this thing out. But if it gets worse, say there's, I don't wish Ill will on anyone, but say he falls or something like that or agrees to a second debate, and it's even worse, is it possible that the intelligence community that seems to love interfering in elections actually turns on him and says, Hey listen, we hate this other guy and these MAGA people, but brother, you, you gotta go man, you're destroying our urs here.


It is possible. you know, it's, it's a very difficult process at this point because he's already been nominated and the process for undoing that is, is very cumbersome. And I don't know that there's a real clear successor who, who would step in and be as compliant. I think Biden's utility is that he's a total vassal. He has no real principles of his own. He has no real vision of his own. He's a guy whose entire career has been doing favors for stakeholders. And, you know, in his own words, he described himself as a prostitute and, and when he was 29 years old in the Senate. And he said it in the context of complaining about it, that he felt like he needed to be a prostitute to serve other people's interests. But You know presidents are strong-willed men for the most part.


They tend to want to become president because they have a vision for however they want to make the world a better place. And I don't think that Biden actually has that. I think that frankly he was even a little bit reluctant to run in the first place. If you remember, it was the lack of having another Democrat party leader who was as in the pocket of the blob at for why they even went to Biden, I think in the first place, and were demanding that he, he ran. I, so I do think that he was a little bit of a reluctant person just because there was nobody else in the Democrat party, which right now is so divided around. DEI lines is so divided around around Israel gazo lines.


I think that having someone who really threads it all and just gives everyone what they want all the time is a very unique quality that Biden and maybe Biden alone has. But getting back to the whole intelligence role in this You know, I, I mentioned the role of illegal immigrant votes and how they don't need to cast the ballots. They simply need to have the NGOs who shepherded them in do that. Right? And that to me is intelligence work. And I'll, and I'll tell you why. And this is something that I think few people really have enough vision on, which is You know there's an entity that we have that the Biden administration elevated for the first time ever to a perch on the National Security Council, where it now sits directly adjacent to the State Department, the Pentagon, and the CIA and that's an entity called usaid.


Now USAID is the number one CIA covert funder in our entire arsenal. They actually get more money every year than the CIA, at least according to our You know, according to the official budget. And almost all of the work that USA does is to support either the State department overtly or the CIA covertly. It's not a charity. It is a soft power influence vehicle. And the fact that it is USAID that is bringing in all of the illegal immigrants and that is sheltering them here and ostensibly would be the ones to do the ballot harvesting to me, I x-Ray through that. And I say, well, heck, that's, that's if this thing exists to serve the CIA and this is what's bringing in all these potential illegal voters to swing a come from behind victory for, for the blobs.


Boy, I, I look at what's happening with illegal voting with, with illegal voters as effectively being a CIA job. Wow. Mike, I tell you, every time I talk to you, I, this is why I had you on today. 'cause I don't want, I, I'm hearing a lot of talk and not amongst you And, you know, my listeners are pretty serious people, but there's, there's this small kind of almost swampy wing of the Republican party playing by the old rules that think everything's legit. They're like, oh, this is great. Finally landslide red wave, new jersey's in play. And I'm like, you listen, when they get desperate enough, they do desperate things. Lemme let me ask you one last question. The 51 intelligence officials infamous laptop letter about Hunter's laptop, it's now been exposed for what you and I and the audience knew it was, it was obviously based on a totally false premise that this was a Russian op.


Only a moron would believe that the CIA doesn't seem remotely embarrassed about this at all Burns or even former Hasell. You would think they would be coming out with full Maya culpas here. I can't believe we got dragged into this CIA contractors. But Mike, there's been almost no response with the media blob, no response from the CIA whatsoever outside of just some nonsense And. they haven't even really put out any kinda serious public statement. I mean, I, they don't even sound apologetic about stealing the 2020 election. Well, the CIA's job is to lie. They give out internal awards to, to, to members of the CIA operations directorate who are con for, for operational security, for protecting a CIA cloak and dagger work against public disclosure.


This is, this is something that they are designed to do. They are the only agency in our federal government who exists with a plausible deniability doctrine. When they lie in advance of something that advances agency interests. That is the greatest trait they have. Of course, they're not gonna roll back on that. The guy who organized the letter was Tony Blinken. And who's Tony Blinken now? The head of the State Department who the CIA effect up to. So You know is just how a spy lying to the, you know, to the Russians, if they're undercover there or lying to the You know random country X that is, they're doing their job.


They are spies who lie. They are not gonna walk that back because as, as they see it, democracy is about the, the, the institution, the, the institutional consensus, not about the consensus of individuals. When they see Trump as a threat to their interests, they define their interests as US national interests. So as they see it, the best thing that could happen to Russia would be Trump gets elected because he might put the brakes on some of this Russia insanity and the Seizure Asia blueprint. And so from their perspective, they can argue that no matter the underlying truth of it, the, it's beneficial to Russia to, to have Hunter Biden's operations get leaked.


It's, it's beneficial to Russia have Joe Biden be discredited. And so from their perspective, it's a pro-Russian operation. Trump himself is a pro-Russian operation. Even if he's never met a Russian in his life. And it's, it's through this You know this lying apparatus that they all rose to power. They're not gonna give it up now. Yeah, Mike Ben, always spectacular folks. Give him a follow. It's Ben B as in boy, EN like Nancy Z Mike Bens, follow him on X, follow him on socials, subscribe to his material, watch his videos. They are so worth it. Free course man. What's that? A Rumble. Please go to Rumble. Look up Mike Bens folks, it seriously, I'm not messing with you.


It is a PhD level course in the deep state. Guys like me who do this for a living, I learn something new every time. I watch him every single time. Like, damn, how did I miss that angle? Mike, thanks so much for your time, brother. You're welcome back anytime. We appreciate it. Talk soon. Bye. You got it. And if you missed it, we will put that on. We have a weekend show on Rumble that we do in addition to our podcast. I think it's coming up next week. We did one. We will do one biweekly. We will definitely throw that on there too. Hey, I got more debate coverage coming up next. I just wanted to make sure that we gave you an objective analysis of where we are. Okay? It's because I'm hearing a lot of kind of red wave talk again from some people. It's the same mistake we made in the midterms. I promise you in a couple weeks, celebrate today, enjoy yourselves, have a good weekend.


But just keep this all in perspective. This story's gonna go away in a week. Something's gonna happen. There's gonna be some terror attack around the world and no one's gonna remember any of this. So I just want to keep everybody straight that what wins elections is not debates it's votes. And bring 10 people with you. Let's get to our next sponsor first. And I got another interview coming up with Jack Posobiec, you wanna learn how to beat the Commies? Well he wrote a book on exactly that.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Trust me, I've been there. I'm there a lot's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of beams Dream powder. And stuff's been a game changer for me. You see, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life there is. Our weigh in today, my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. It's a science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleeps never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. We don't like that. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-theanine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refresh. You wanna try it? Beam's bestselling dream powder where Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino. Or use code bonino for up to 45% off shop Beam dot com slash bonge.


Yeah, that's a pretty cool guy man. Probably should have had him on the show sooner, but he has a new book out. His name is Jack Posobiec. It's about the Commies who suck, right Jim? They suck. Like they come. Okay. It just that it's about the history of Kami sucking and welcoming to the show. Jack Posobiec Jack com's really sucked, don't they? And I guess your book documents the history of them sucking. I mean there's a lot of sucking going on. It's there. Dan, thanks so much for having me on man. Look, these guys suck worse than Joey Bagga donuts. What can I say? And, and and look, that's good start. What people have to understand is not only do they suck, but unfortunately it's that very same group of people that's gotten themselves into our country and into our institutions.


They've been here for 60 years now. They came in through the State Department and FDR, we go through all that history and that's who we're up against today. And I don't know why so many conservatives present, company excluded are terrified of calling them for what they are. Yes, they are Neo Marxists. They are Bolsheviks. And when you look at the history of what this group of people has done to places like Spain, like the Bolsheviks in Russia, like the Bolsheviks in China, who are still in control by the way and all around the world, we document that and then we give you chapter in verse how it's exactly what they're doing right now. So this isn't a time for us to sit around and say, oh, let's challenge these guys to a debate and we're gonna go and You know, have a lot of fun and point out this and, and no, you have to come in and stop accepting them at good faith.


I see so many establishment Republicans doing this. You have to treat them like a virus that needs to be rooted out completely. And that's why we talk about going after them in the institutions, in the government. It's not just the deep state and listeners of the Dan Bongino Show know the names because Dan always teaches us to follow the names. This book Unhuman is step two, follow the names. And guess what? That's gonna be the list of indictments in about six months time. We're talking to Jack Posobiec. He has a new book out called Unhuman. It's about the history of sucky commies who we hate on the show. Proudly.


We hate them because they hate America and we hate people who hate America. Jack is the book, the book's still what, July 2nd or so You can pre-order it now though, or you'll probably get it pretty quickly. Is that right? Exactly. so we said, look what better date to do this. Steve Bannon writes the forward to it. It comes out July 2nd. Now, we didn't know when we asked Steve Bannon, who was instrumental in putting this book together, that the day before the book comes out that Steve Bannon himself would be becoming potentially, and it, it looks like it's happening himself, a political prisoner of this communist Bolshevik regime that we're facing. So this might be the last chance you get to actually read anything from Steve Bannon that's coming out on the 4th of July.


So I said, what better date to juxtapose our freedom, our liberty, the values that we stand for with the godless communist atheists that we are facing right now? And as you read this book, just know that Steve Bannon as, and unless anything happens, unless an act God changes things will be a political prisoner at the same time. Jack, the subtitle of your book is important. It's Unhumans the Secret History of Communist Revolutions and How To Crush Them. So let's talk about that a little bit. 'cause you just said something I totally agree with. There are way too many people who claim our mantle Republican conservative, who really don't understand the fight.


I call 'em the Washington Post op-ed crowd. They think if we write enough op-Eds of the Washington Post and the New York Times trying to convince the communists left. You and I are talking about that we're really nice people that the eyes will be open by the Washington Post editorial board and be like, oh my gosh, look, Jack and Dan and MIT Romney and Jeff Blake, oh, they're really nice. Maybe we should consider them. When you understand that these people are communists like you do in this book on humans, you understand somewhat they're interested in, they're interested in the taking of power, the abusive said power, and the tyranny and authoritarianism that accompanies in. They're not interested in the negotiation. You can either get them outta power and remove them or you'll be crushed.


So how do we crush them? Look, I mean, Dan, I I knew that just by showing you the title of this thing that you of all, people would not need any further explanation as to what I was talking about there because And, they say, why'd you call the book Unhuman? Isn't that it's a little, it's a little rough, Jack that might be a little mean. And I said, no, no, no, no. I called them unhuman because that's how they view us. They don't view conservatives. And God-fearing Americans and Patriots as humans. They view you as an invasive species that's standing in the way of your utopia. And as we've learned, the communism is only one genocide away from their future utopia, which they promise is just one You know, one more political prisoner, one more round of gulags around the corner.


It never comes, but You know it does happen. Piles of skulls everywhere they go. So to answer your question, here's what we argue for. A little word that conservatives need to remember. It's an old word, Dan. It's a word I know that You know is that word is called reciprocity. Reciprocity. And that which is done to us will be done back to you tenfold. So to the Merrick Garland and the Lisa Monacos and the Jack Smiths and yes struck page, all the rest, by the way, up in Pennsylvania, I got, I have a new, a new list of names for, for my list now because they're now running ads. These Democrats are running ads in Pennsylvania telling people that Donald Trump doesn't want people to vote early because they're taking stuff that he said out of context and putting it up on TV with hundreds of thousands of dollars.


And the Democrats, Senator Bob Casey, his brother, is paying for the ads. And so I said, great, well you guys are putting a guy in jail for posting a meme. That was a joke about Hillary Clinton voters should vote by text that he did that in 2016. You guys are putting him in jail seven months sentence over a meme. I said, great, we are gonna prosecute all of you for the exact same crime. And so that's what it is. Exact reciprocity, the things that the deep state and all of these dirty critters and criminals have done to us will be meted to every single one of them. And it's just that simple. And we're never going to get our country back until we do this because Dan, I know You know this and I know your listeners know this.


These unhuman will not stop on their own. They're not gonna listen to our ed. No, no, no. They're not gonna read our speeches. No. They want to remove us. So we've got to respond in the only language they understand. We're talking to Jack Posobiec, author of the new book, unhuman, the Secret History of Communist Revolutions and How to Crush Them. That's the most important part. Excuse me, sorry, Jack. Couldn't agree with you more. You know, I've tried to explain to folks over and over and I, I think it's our experience kind of inside the government and seeing the beast up close that these folks aren't interested in reason, pointing out that they're hypocrites. Oh my gosh, you're putting Donald Trump in jail or trying to, for a presidential records act fake violation while Joe Biden stole documents.


And never even, that just seems kinda hypocrite. They're like, no, no, it's not hypocrisy. We're in charge and you are not. This is what we do. We abuse power. And I made the case to you that the irony of the whole thing, or to the audience, excuse me, I think the case you're making to is we don't even need to abuse power. Like there's enough actual criminality or suspected criminality on the left that all we need to do. Like, well, I'm sorry, but longwinded, but this is really important. You made up, you talked about the list before. I saw Sean Davis and you, and I'm all for this too. We need a list of people within the government who've abused their power to get rid of the left is freaked out. Oh my gosh. A list. But like you idiots have a list of people you put in jail on fake crimes and you are worried about us firing the people that did it.


Like you're such freaking clowns in jokers. It's like embarrassing. But they don't care. All they care about is hierarchy. Look, I, I love this because, and and we actually took, we took, so when Andy McCabe is up there crying and saying, I'm, I'm looking at booking flights out of the country, I said, well, but you better find a country that doesn't have extradition. Andrew McCabe. 'cause he got six months left. Good. And, and, and look, at the end of the day what they did, and we have a whole chapter. We have a whole chapter on January 6th and what they did to the J Sixers. And I was there, I saw flash bangs and stun grenades thrown at a peaceful crowd. And I said, what is going on? And that's all detailed in here. And what we realized is going through the history, 'cause we go back to the French Revolution even, which was pro-communist, but a lot of the same stuff comes from all the way back then.


And everybody remembers this, the Bastille, they say the storming of the Bastille And, they got the political prisoners out, et cetera, et cetera. I said, wait a minute though. What they did with January 6th was an inverse Bastille. Because what they did was they turned all the Patriots into political prisoners because they said that with this operation, which was run as a fed direction, they were, and then able to use the sting raise, use all the devices that you and I are very familiar with to collect everyone's cell phone data. They're getting your MZ numbers. Now they know exactly who was marching up and down the street. And it's not just about the grounds. They know who was on the street. They know who was at the ellipse. They know every single person, by the way, secret Service and DHS already had that information as you well know.


So then they hand that over to DOJ. Now they're just going through the list. Okay, these are the most, most fervent supporters. We're gonna go after them. These people are our guys. We're gonna set them over here. You're never gonna hear about their names. Don't let Darren Beatie You know, talk about Ray Epps or any of this stuff. And then you just go down the list and you start arresting all of the Patriots. You then go after all the religious leaders. And then eventually you use that a show, a show trial committee to go after people like Peter Navarro, who's currently in jail to go after Stephen k Bannon, who is the president's chief strategist. And then you try to use that same thing to strike him from the ballot. This is a system that codes all the way back to the French Revolution 250 years ago.


And because we have cracked the code, we've really cracked the communist code just by going through the history. And each it's short. You know each chapter is one country. And we explain how all the things that you're seeing right now go back to a system that they created 250 years ago. And so what we then explain is, here's how you break the system. Here's how you throw this hand into gears. And you completely have to turn the tables against them. They will never, ever stop on their own. You wanna see what happens if you leave them to their own devices. Go look at China and Russia and see how that worked out. J we're talking to Jack Posobiec. He has a new book out Unhuman, the Secret History of Communist Revolutions and How To Crush Them crush them You know Jack, I, I want your opinion on this.


I get this a lot. And listen, if you disagree, you disagree. You know, you and I have known each other a long time and just fire away. But sometimes I'll get social media messages or emails. I, I like to leave the emails open and to get a good in input from my audience. And, they say, oh, it's the best. you know, we shouldn't be out there in public protesting. The left is just gonna infiltrate again. They're gonna start trouble and they're gonna put everybody in jail and every respond back. Are you in insane? Like, that's the point. The left wants you to distrust your neighbors so that you willingly give up your own God-given big R rights, like the right to assemble. That's not the answer. The answer is to be cautious. Be careful.


Don't let provocateurs into your movement. If you see something in your movement you think is suspicious, get away, back away, call it out. But the to preemptively forfeit your constitutional rights, like, oh, we're not gonna assemble anymore because they're inserting provocateurs in there. That's exactly what they want. That's how they own the streets. That's precisely right. So I, I think there's ways to do it because it's, it's twofold, right? So the, the response to January 6th and you're, it has committed to a silencing effect, the chilling effect on our ability to mobilize in the streets. It certainly has. And there's no question. That's why I love the fact that Donald Trump is holding the rallies again. He's going all over the place.


I was just with him in North Philly at my own alma mater Temple University, right? I used to be the college Republican chairman there 20 years ago. And that was incredible. 'cause you saw all walks of life there. So I love that Trump is himself stepping into the breach and saying, if I go there, you can go there. If I go to these places like the South Bronx, like North Philly, et cetera, that I, you can follow me. What I would argue, what I would claim, good point to say as, as, and we talk about this in the book, is that I want people, look, you gotta understand, you have to be the sheriffs of your territory, the sheriff of your territory. And I don't mean like law enforcement, et cetera, You know, neighborhood watch is great and all, but I'm talking about you have to be the one who's holding the backyard barbecues.


You have to be the one men form small groups of men to just kind of keep an eye out. Just keep an eye out on things. What's going on, people moving in, people coming out, that type of thing. And understand what it is. And then when it comes time, by the way, to do a Trump You know a Trump thing, you just do flash mobs. You do a quick flash mob on the corner. Especially by the way, if you're in one of these swing states like Pennsylvania, where I'm from, you just pop up there in a place where You know everybody, but you don't really tell people beforehand that it's gonna be some big event. So you kind of have a general sense of all the people who will be there at the, like the same time, you, you gotta watch out for people. This is what we did in 2016. And so at the same time, you never know that people will show up. but I do think that this movement, because of everything the movement's been through since the days when I was getting my teeth cut in 2016, going through all of this to now, we've gotten a lot smarter.


We've gotten a lot wiser. And people knew, people even knew when they saw Ray Epps and others on January 5th, the night before, people weren, chanting, fed, fed, fed, fed, fed. Oh yeah, you can watch a video. It's, it's not hidden. You can go look on X right now and see the video. Yeah. So it's, it's gotta be stuff like that that you really have to be able to be cautious, but at the same time, understand that you're in a fight against a committed group of people. And now, look, I've gone up against Chaz, I've gone up against Antifa. People know my track record that I've, I've infiltrated them a number of times and so they're definitely doing it to us. There's no question, but you've got to call it out when you see something. Yes. I like the idea of flash mobs.


And by the way, not just small groups, when I said small groups of men, I don't wanna leave the ladies out because we also talk about the groups of moms that are getting Absolute and have been Jack, you see it on social media. These, the women in the MAGA audience, they are fierce man. They are maga, Amazons, they're magazines. They are like all really, they put somebody to shave. So Jack, I wanna get a promotion in for your book Areas. Let's do it. Hundred percent. God bless you ladies. Top level. We love you, Elon, Donald Trump, the women, the ladies, everybody's gotta get on the line for this thing because we've got, what, four months? We've got four months to decide. Are we gonna let the unhuman control our country? Or are we gonna be a nation of free people?


And guys, just so You know, I love you too. Don't buy into this toxic masculinity crap. Be proud of your testosterone. Love it. Max it out. Top off the tank. He is Jack Posobiec. The book is Unhuman the Secret History of Communist Revolutions and How To Crush Them. That's the most important part. Jack, you're welcome back anytime. Thanks for coming on. Come back on when the book comes out. All right, we'll talk to you soon. Love do. Let's, let's do it, man. All right. Jack Posobiec. I told you it's worth your time. Right? Good man. Right there. How to crush them. Because Jim Commies do what? They suck better than anyone. They have a hundred percent success record. Commies. No. Yes, I'm failing. Yes.


No one has been better at failing than Commies because they what Jim? They suck. Yes sir. Hope you're enjoying the show. This is one of your favorites. Everybody loves Julie Kelly. But first, our next sponsor.


The storms in Texas have been crazy the last few weeks. Been reading about the catastrophic flooding bottom line. Be prepared in the event of emergency. Have a J is right here. His mine have a JCE case on hand. What is it? It a case of emergency. It's a case of emergency antibiotics everyone should have no matter where you live. Eventually disaster strikes. The JCE case is a personalized emergency medication kit that contains essential antibiotics and medication that treat the most common and deadly bacterial infection. You, you're not gonna be prepared with that one. Go to Jace Medical dot com. It's like vase with a J. Fill out the online form, view the terms, have a Jace Medical physician, evaluate your request. If eligible, your medications are dispensed by a licensed pharmacy and a fraction of the regular cost. It's Jace Medical dot com and enter code bonino to get a discount. Hurricane seasons around. You've got a whole bunch of geopolitical disasters going on. Do not get caught unprepared. All of this stuff. You name it. Be ready. Be prepared for an emergency. I'm stocked up. Jace handles everything from the initial online evaluation to medication delivery and ongoing care. If I want it, get your customized case today by going to Jace Medical dot com and our code bonino. That's Jace Medical dot com. Code bonino, JASE medical.com. Jace Medical and products are not intended to substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider.


Thanks Jace Medical, the Mar-a-Lago raid. It turns out yes, back in the news because it's even worse than you thought it is. Yes it is. Here's Julie Kelly. Well, whenever we have questions about the deep state ongoing police State War on Donald Trump, we go to one of the best journalists out there. There are actual people out there doing actual journalism. You just need to follow 'em and find them. And it's really important we use this show to spread. Spread the word. One of them is Julie Kelly. You can find her on X at Julie Kelly, the number two. She also has a sub stack, which is fantastic, highly recommended, and she's a frequent guest to the show.


Julie, welcome back. Thanks for spending some time with us. Dan. Thanks so much for having me on. Before we start, can I give a shout out to my childhood friend? Her nickname is Bumble, of course. She's a huge, huge fan of yours. She texted me this morning wanting to know if I was gonna be on her real name is Kathleen, but I'm not giving it out. So the Feds don't track her down. But hey bum, we've been friends since sixth grade. So big fan of yours. Well, Yes, of course. You are always welcome to do whatever. Shout out you'd like. You are very generous with your time and I am very honored that your friend thinks that the show is worth hearing. I am frequently stunned anybody gives a damn what Dan Bonino has to say about anything, but apparently they do.


So thank you all. Yes, they do. And everybody cares about what you have to say too. Julie, we'd be lost on this Mar-a-Lago case without you. So you've been following the case up in the courthouse in Florida, and each day, seemingly you're up there, there's a new bombshell. Let's get right to it. The pictures we all saw of the Mar-a-Lago raid, classified documents, Julie, all over the floor. It was like, oh my gosh, this is horrible. Cover sheets, top secret, eh, now appears that those cover sheets were actually not there and were brought in by the FBI and the photo was staged. Explain if you could. Exactly. so we all remember that infamous photo from the end of August, 2022, a few weeks after the raid.


So you see these folders sprawled out on the floor. You see these red and yellow cover sheets. You know classified top secret next to a box at Mar-a-Lago. It was an exhibit in a lawsuit in, in a response by DOJ to Donald Trump's special master lawsuit. so we were all not us on the right, of course we weren't fooled, right? We'd be right away. But that looked like a staged photo. But you know, half of American, all of the press believed it. So fast forward now to a, a month or so ago, we finally find out from DOJ and Jack Smith that to your point, the cover sheets, the classified cover sheets were brought by FBI agents to the rate at Mar-a-Lago.


Now, their first explanation, Dan, was oh, we brought these cover sheets to use as quote unquote placeholders inboxes where classified documents, national security information, government papers were found. So they would take that paper out, they would replace it allegedly with this placeholder cover sheet. Okay, well we don't have that either, right? Because then what he admitted in his filing on Monday as this is proceeding in southern Florida where I was at this hearing Monday and Tuesday, is, oh by the way, they did attach these cover sheets. The ERT emergency response team agents took photos of it for evidence.


And then we don't know what happened after that. So he finally admits that not only were the FBI agents armed with these, armed with firearms and handcuffs and other things, but also bringing these prop cover sheets to produce exactly the images that we saw in August of 2022. And now new ones that have been filed in law in the latest DOJ response. Now, Julie, again, for for some reason, you and I You know, we chat a lot, just cannot seem to fathom. There are a group of people out there I'm not even mentioning. 'cause I, I don't even care. The only person I care about is you and your work. Thank you. They just can't seem to let this go.


This was not standard operating procedure. I will stipulate a point that bringing cover sheets for classified information, bringing them is not unusual. However, they had no idea the information was classified, number one, no idea. Second, staging a photo, which they obviously knew the Department of Justice and the FBI leadership would be leaked to the media to precondition a jury to believe he had stolen classified documents. We didn't see this, by the way, at the Biden place. By the way, the only source at the Trump place, if that is not indicative of not misfeasance, but malfeasance, I, I'm sorry, but I can't help you.


You've been thoroughly indoctrinated into some bizarre You know line of thinking that I really can't help you Dan. It's so frustrating. Again, and these are the former feds who kind of act, they've ingratiated themselves in the MAGA movement and conservative media sphere. All of a sudden, after details of this egregious, dangerous armed raid came out, they start defending DOJ and FBI. But somehow this is standard operating procedure And. they did it again yesterday. Now, these are uninformed people. They have no familiarity with this case. Dan, I have followed this since the special master lawsuit. I read almost every single court document in that case.


And since then, which cover sheets were not brought as these former feds say, to protect the, the information underneath You know, of course they had to take pictures of evidence. That's not even what Jack Smith or j or the DOJ said before Jack Smith. They said they found the documents with the cover sheets, then they said the cover sheets were brought as placeholders, right? They never said that they were there to protect underlying classified material. This was a stunt, it was used as a prop. It is tampering with evidence. This is not standard operating procedure by any means. And to your point, we didn't do this in the Biden case. We saw all right in the court, we saw the boxes where they found, we didn't see classified red and blue and yellow cover sheets that were placed in biden's sloppy boxes where they pulled out You know the Afghanistan war plans.


So I mean, this is all, the more that this unravels, the worse that it looks. And that is why, again, kudos to Judge Eileen Cannon that she not, and she is taking all of the heat as, as we know, had she not Yeah. Is she not tough? His nails and putting d j's feet and Jackson's feet to the fire, we would know none of this. Yeah. Yeah. And, and And, you know, I made the point earlier on the show and on the podcast as well, the point that they staged this photo then clearly lied about why they had those cover sheets on there or changed their story. I, I'll even give 'em the benefit of that, changed their story at a minimum three times about why they did it while never doing it at the Biden residence.


And, and, and the important point here is they didn't even know the information was classified. Julie. That's right. I gave the example of a secret service motorcade. It's classified before the motorcade happens, but not after. I'm not saying it wasn't classified, I'm just saying they didn't know. So staging a photo op is clearly meant to influence public opinion. It's a political move, not a law enforcement one. Let me get to your second tweet though. Follow Julie. She's at Julie Kelly, the number two. She also has a substack. This one I find even more devastating apparently the FBI ordered that the security cameras at Mar-a-Lago be turned off. Now, Julie is a tough question. I asked Jim, I don't wanna put you on the spot, but why do you think they would have security cameras at Mar-a-Lago?


If you need a minute, Julie to think about it, you can take a second. Jim took a while. It was a, why do you think they'd have them? I don't know. I mean, if Jim couldn't figure it out, I can never figure it Out. I, not a chance, Not a, not a chance. It could be actual security. But when you Should was the reason why the DOJ and FBI wanted the security cameras turned off for agent safety. That's what we're told, Which is hilarious, right? For agent safety, they, they're there for, they're literally there for agent premises and protectee safety. So you have this in your tweet, you have the actual court documents.


So no one's gonna, oh, it's a conspiracy theory, Julie. The security cameras are there for a reason. The Secret Service doesn't have enough personnel to control access to the entire grounds. Okay? So when you shut the cameras off, you're compromising security. So the point I want you to address here is all of the former Fed guys who are going Oh, no, this is all SOP and whatever and ignoring this stuff, what they're doing is they were only seeing one side. He was one federal priority serving the search search warrant. But the other federal government priority, the Secret service works for the federal government, is keeping Protectee safe and alive. They're totally ignoring that side of the ledger. And all of the problems are asymmetric.


The FBI caused all of these problems. None of this stuff had to be done. None of it had to be done because of course, Donald Trump had been cooperating with the archives throughout 2021. He voluntarily turned over 15 boxes of documents in May of 2022. Jay Brett, who is now the lead prosecutor for Jack Smith, brought three Washington Field office, the most corrupt FBI field office in the country, brought three of them to Mar-a-Lago. Donald Trump delayed his relocating to Bedminster for the summer so he could greet Jay Brett and these three FBI thugs at Mar-a-Lago on June 3rd, 2022, said, whatever you need, we'll help you with.


In fact, there's reporting in one of the docu and one of court documents. The Donald Trump's lawyer, I believe it was Evan Corcoran, told him, don't let these guys down by the storage area where these boxes are. They're snooping around. And Donald Trump overruled his own attorney and said, no, they can look wherever they want. Now this is June 3rd. Two months later, you execute this unprecedented RM nine hour read with 30 agents rummaging, not just through the office and storage area where they were told, but Melania's private bedroom suite Baron, who was 16 years old at the time, his bedroom. This was an issue yesterday in the hearing. So there is no defending any aspect of this, Dan.


And to your point, what we said last month, anyone who does, you should unfollow them. You should never listen to them And. they should be run out of what they consider our side because that is, that's poison. Yeah. I, I've become very, very suspect and You know, like I said, I never fall in love with people. I fall in love with outcomes. If you have information that's useful, I'm happy to help you out. But when you become not useful and harmful, I gotta let you go. Julie, last question for you. We're talking to Julie Kelly, check out our substack. I saw that on your Twitter feed yesterday, which I follow religiously. That Judge Eileen Cannon had seemed to have a real beef with them rummaging through Barron and Melania's room saying, did you really have probable cause to believe there were classified documents in in Barron's sock drawer?


I mean, this seems, again, defending this as an abomination. This was clearly done to intimidate and not done for any legitimate law enforcement purpose. That's right. And so this was yesterday, a motion to dismiss or try to suppress the evidence collected at the Mar-a-Lago raid. And Judge Cannon seemed very skeptical at the end of the hearing that she would suppress this evidence at this stage anyway. But she did push David Harbaugh, who is Jack Smith's other lead prosecutor, was there probable cause to rummage through a child's bedroom? And he said, no, but it would've been egregious if the FBI agents hadn't, because we knew boxes had been moved. And so we couldn't leave any turn on stone, any stone unturned.


And of course she didn't seem to buy that. But now we have the OJ on the record as to confirming that they rummaged through his room. They took photos of his room, And, they took at least two dozen photos in Melania at her bedroom suite. We don't know of what, but it's in the photo log. What were they taking pictures of of her private suite? It's gross. If you can't find any documents there, It's gross. Gross. And, and Julie, I I, I gotta run. But as you well know, they're, they're making two competing cases. The bureau that, oh my gosh, Donald Trump was so careless. He left these classified documents out in the open. Anyone could have walked by him or said, look, he wasn't storing these things properly.


And then you're saying on the other hand, but he was so cryptic about it, he may have hidden him in Melania Trump's underwear drug really like the, you understand how ridiculous those stories are. Correct. I mean it's just dumb You know. That is such a good point. That's such a good point. He was really, he was hiding them in her drawer and Baron's You know under his Peloton. But then, then they also were next to his, his diet Coke. Julie said, you know, in his office. Julie said, I made a good point. Get That you made it. I want that on loop. I might feel it on. I'm gonna tweet, get that on loop Before you do. I'm gonna tweet it out. I'm on G me to I want that on tape, Jim. I want that on loop. Every time I say something smart, Jim, I want hear Julie's voice. In your opinion. I want that clip. Just, just, she's like the reverse, sir.


Leslie Stahl. This is like the, I want that there. I want That's a good point in Julie's voice. Julie Kelly, check her out on X. She's at Julie Kelly two. She has a substack as well. It's pretty fantastic. If you're not following her, I'm sorry. You're just not getting the straight skinny on the Mar-a-Lago debacle. Julie, you're awesome. Thanks for coming on. We appreciate it. You're the best, Dan. Thanks. Thanks Jim. You got it. She's the best. She You got that. I want that on loop every single time. Alright folks. You know, it's kind of funny. I changed my mind at the last minute We did this interview, and I'm recording this actually right after the interview is conducted 'cause it was so good with Sean Davis from The Federalist. He talks about this brain tattoo moment.


This is the key takeaway.


A summer's right around the corner, so of those visible, visible, dark Mark sunspots and other blemishes that the sun leaves behind. Until now, the revolutionary dark spot corrector from our friends at Genus Cell Skincare can help visibly fade away dark Mark sunspot scars and other signs of discoloration all over your skin with three cutting edge ingredients, help those visible signs of aging disappear right before your eyes. You'll be amazed at how quickly you can see results. You can now enjoy your summer Sun beach and barbecues without those pesky spots. As always, you'll see the results or your money back, no questions asked. And right now, get your dark spot corrected with every Gen Cell Skincare most popular package for over 70% off. Plus, save an extra 25% off automatically applied at checkout for World-class skincare that works guaranteed or your money back. Order yours right now and get the Gen 90 instant for immediate results on all of your trouble spots in as little as 12 hours. Jen, you sell.com/dan, jen you sell.com/dan, GENU c.com/dan. Get a free spa box with two bonus gifts and free shipping. Genu sell.com/dan.


People don't win elections. Commercials don't win elections. Voters don't win elections You know what wins elections ballots. If you're curious about what that means, listen to this. Only the best guests, we don't have a lot of guest segments because there's not a lot of great guests out there, but this guy's one of them. We had Mike Benz before and I don't really trust anyone with political analysis. It's a handful of people, but Sean Davis is one of them. He is the co-founder of The Federalist. It's an amazing website, the Federalist, you should be reading it every day. All the best insights into politics. Sean, thanks for spending some time with us. We appreciate it. Well, thank you for having me back on. Yeah, of course. You're welcome here. Anytime. And you and I watched this debacle last night for them, not for us, but Sean, I had said yesterday on my show that candidly, I think the best outcome from, for us is almost a push where Donald Trump has his moment.


Biden has his moment. And I say that for a very specific tactical reason. If we an had annihilated Biden like we did last night, who just humiliated his party, his family, everyone, the country, the cosmos, this Star Trek audience, star Wars, the empire, everyone's humane. I mean, young children, dogs, he humiliated every sentient amoebas, single celled organisms. The problem is now there's gonna be a push to get rid of the guy. but I follow you on on social media because you're the best. And on Twitter, you have a great tweet up right now on X. And you described two specific problems to getting rid of Biden. First, the logistics problem, and second, the political one.


So can you dig into the logistics one first? It's not that easy, right? Sure. Can just go, oh, we're done with Biden, bring us in someone else, Right? Exactly. Because it's not like he just You know hops out or gets forced out and then everything's fine. And all the ballots are good And, they have their new nominee everywhere. Things actually have to be done mechanically and legally to make that happen. And it's not something that happens in one venue because we actually have 50 different state elections plus DC So You know 51 for electing a president that's a whole bunch of different jurisdictions with different laws, with different requirements, with different deadlines for ballots. Now I, I'm not saying Democrats can't get that done because I'm, I'm reminded often of what they did in New Jersey, and I think it was 2002, maybe in 2000, with Robert Elli race.


This was a crooked Democrat senator in New Jersey. I think he was about to get indicted. He was a dead man walking politically. And even though they were just weeks out from the election and all the state laws said, no, you can't swap people out. The State Supreme Court on behalf of Democrats came in and said, yeah, yeah, no, we're just gonna change everything unilateral. We're gonna put this guy Frank Lautenberg on there and everything's gonna be good. And it all worked for them. But doing that across 50 states, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a hard lift. It's not impossible. It's a hard lift. I think their bigger problem is political, and it starts and ends with one person, which is Kamala Harris. And, and the big problem is, I don't think they can pull off rhetorically or politically removing Biden as nominee while keeping him as president.


I, I think that's untenable. I I know the lines. They would say, oh yeah, I'm fine, but I won't be fine in five years and for the good of the country, blah, blah, blah. That dog ain't gonna hunt. So I don't think they can just push him aside while keeping him as president, which means he would have to resign, which means you end up with Kamala is president, who's a moron and who's extremely un likable and who was so detested by her own party that when she ran for president, she had to drop out before a single primary voter even cast his or her ballot. So you can't have her in there. She's elect electoral kryptonite. So then the party will be in the position of having to put in someone else, not the first female president, who's also black, by the way.


And it creates an absolute nightmare for a party. That's entire foundation is racial and sexual identity politics. We're talking to Sean Davis. Please give him a follow on X and social media. He is a co-founder of The Federalist, another great site. Sean, you absolutely hit the nail on the head with the political problem. The logistics thing, I agree with you. I think the blue states will figure out some scheme, but the red states and the swing states are gonna have a problem if they try to get Biden off the ballot. But on the political front, there are two things you got going here. You brought up one of them in your, in your ex post. In your post on X, you brought up the fact that you are essentially invalidating the voting choice of the Democrat party.


Where democrat voters, for better or for worse, showed up in primaries and said, Reverend Cain, the oatmeal God, they said Sisay, Poway, they said, Joe Biden and, and surgeon Dr. Jill, you know, doing rounds today that this is our team. So you bring up in your post, and it's pretty hard to call the GOP, the election deniers when, you know, I hate the word literally, but you literally held an election, you picked this guy, and then a bunch of insiders were like, nah, he's not the guy anymore. Kind of rough. Yeah. They had 50 plus elections to, to elect this guy. And when you've been bleeding nonstop for four years about our sacred democracy and election deniers, I mean, I'm, they have no shame.


So, and to them, words don't have fixed meanings like they do for us. Words are just weapons and they're war for power. So it's not beyond them to just be like, yeah, yeah, we're actually elect, we're gonna deny all the elections now. but it creates a big, big problem for them rhetorically and politically. but I, I left one little clause in my, in my expost, which, which actually worries me a great deal. I said, all this is a problem for them if they want to get rid of Joe Biden, as long as he's still alive, and we all know what the deep state is willing to do. Okay? They, they did it 60 years ago. They did it again to that guy's brother. We watched them stage a long running coup, which is still ongoing against Donald Trump.


Nothing is beyond these people. And I am genuinely frightened for our country right now, because the next four to six months are gonna be an extremely perilous time because the deep state, it is like a, a cornered wild animal. The more risk it faces, the more dangerous it becomes. And these people are not just gonna say, You know what? Props to the other side. They won this one. We'll give 'em four years and then we'll try again. They are not gonna give up power without a fight. And I'm genuinely worried for what they are willing to do between now and January to retain their grip on power. We're talking to Sean Davis from the Federal Federalist, Sean, I I'm absolutely sure of it, that there's some swamp roading out there.


You know we're on in one of our big stations is WMAL in DC, which we love, but there's a lot of swamp rodents around there, and they're probably listening going, oh my gosh, how can these two lunatics say that? I mean, there are red lines, people just won't cross. And I really, wh which one? Putting a former president in a dingy courtroom in Manhattan with a left wing judge and a Twinkies eating slob of a left wing da a judge, by the way, whose daughter's making money off a fake criminal case and never tried in human history where you convict him on a fake trial and a sham trial where you convict and violate attorney-client privilege. so we can't even get a lawyer. You make up fake charges.


The Supreme Court even had to throw out today with 1512. I mean, I, I I get a real kick and it's, it's a nasty one because it hurts every single time out of these morons in the swamp would go, the deep state guys would never do that, bro. I mean, there's certain lines they won't cross, really. Which, which one? Love to hear it. They have no lines. They won't, they won't cross You know. Yeah. We know what they did to Kennedy. We know what they did to his, to his brother. We know what they did to Nixon. I mean, you want to talk about a coup Watergate was a textbook one. We saw what they did with Trump in the first term with Russiagate And. they tried again with Ukraine. Hoax. And. they did it again with J six. They're trying now to put 'em in prison because all that stuff wasn't even enough to keep 'em down.


These people have read, have no red lines because they have no morals. Their only aim is power And. they will do everything And. they will do anything to keep it. Yeah. That's what they've, that's what they've proven. And that's what I find so scary because they are on the cusp right now of losing And. they are gonna be losing after they have shown to all of us what they're willing to do, which puts them at extreme risk. I I can prove what you just said is true. We're talking to Sean Davis from The Federalist. We had Mike Benz on right before you. And he, he loves breaking down the deep state. He does it in a very simple, kind of elegant way. And I said to him, You know Mike 2016, the C-I-A-F-B-I in the deep state invent the collusion hoax to steal an election doesn't work.


We win 2020, they've done more, but we'll keep it it simple. 2020, they come back with the infamous Hunter laptop letter, another fake intelligence app being run on us that we paid for with our tax dollars. So I said, You know, Mike, you have any theories about what could be up next? And he's like, listen, everything is absolutely on the table for them. This is existential You know Trump's coming in office for the second time. He knows where the bodies are buried this time. He knows the personnel problems from last time. I've asked him about it on the air. He's coming in there with a body of experience and a group of people, advisors and people who list, they listen to people like you And. they understand they're not listening to the swampy anymore. Those days are over.


You have any idea about what could be on the menu next with these guys? He thinks it's gonna be some mo voter fraud using NGOs and illegals. Oh gosh. I think they're way more creative than that. And, and I actually, I worry that I lack the creativity that's left, left has, I remember, I, I was at the State of the Union in 2020 and I walked outta that saying, this guy's getting reelected in landslide. He blew the roof off, off of that room. And, you know what happened in the weeks that that happened afterwards, they used a virus, which they created. Okay. The, the US helped fund the creation of this gain of function virus in China. It leaked, it killed a bunch of people.


They denied where it came from. They weaponized it against Trump. They censored all of us who said, Hey, this looks kind of fishy. I think this thing might've come outta China. They censored all of us. They used it all as an excuse to rig an election. And it all worked. Never in a million years. When I walked outta that capitol building in February of 2020, would I have thought, yeah, these guys are actually gonna weaponize the virus they created to take over the economy so that they can get rid of Trump and take the government back over. That was incomprehensible to me. So I just want people aware and thinking that these people are not beyond doing anything, even if their capacity for evil is greater than our own imaginations.


Sean, last question. I'll let you go. Thanks for your time. I'm talking to Sean Davis from The Federalist. Please give him a follow on social media. This is why I said today. Celebrate today. Enjoy yourselves. We've been through a lot over the last three years. The Chevron case, the Supreme Court, big win. The 1512 case, big win. The debate last night. Huge win. Enjoy yourselves. Independence day's coming up. We still live in the greatest country on earth. I know you absolutely agree with that, but I just have, I'm having you and Ben's on today specifically just to, I don't want to hear any red wave talk. However bad you think Biden is, it'll get worse. He's gonna fall again. I don't wish it on him, but You know it's gonna happen, but they can still pull a rabbit out of their hat. So I, I'm not crazy.


Right? Tamping down just a bit of the optimism and joy today. But be ready for a fight. This ain't gonna be easy. No, you're you're exactly right. And, and I've, I've said it on social media and on the pages at The Federalist. Yeah. These polls are nice. And these macro factors pointing to a Trump win are nice. None of that wins elections. Votes don't even win elections anymore. People don't win elections. Ballots win elections. So what we can put aside, what the deep state might do. We know what the Democrats are gonna do. They're gonna try and flood the system with ballots. Our side has to understand that polls don't win. Commercials don't win. Macro dynamics. Don't win elections. Only ballots do. So brilliant. You are exactly right to tamp down the victory and talk.


And the pre celebration and the measuring of drapes. We're not even close. Right. That folks just, that's another brain tattoo moment. Okay? Ballots, win elections. That is the, we've, we've gotta absolutely swamp this thing. However bad you think it is, assume we're down 10. Sean Davis, always a great guest. Thanks so much for your time. I really appreciate it. Thank you, sir. Take care. You know what, Jim, I changed my mind. We're adding Sean to that show too. Can you add that? I'll just record another. If you missed any of that, that was really awesome. We got a weekend show. Is it this weekend, Jim? On Rumble? No, next weekend. Okay. On my Rumble account. Rumble dot com slash bina. We're adding that. 'cause that was really good ballots.


When elections, we gotta swamp this thing. Hey, we got a great rant for you too. I was on a roll the day after the debate. Why? 'cause I was in a good mood. You know we had a rough three years the day after the debate. We all deserve to kind of take a drink. I mean, an non-alcoholic one or whatever one you want. Just be safe and definitely don't drink and drive. It's terrible. Listen to this, Rand. I think you're really gonna like it. Check this out. He's doing it again. He's doing who? Who's that? Who's he? Joe Bryman. He's out there right now. You would think after last night, he'd be doing what? Hold up back in the White House with serious people going, listen man, last night was a debate apocalypse.


I had no kids to sniff. There were no women to grope. I was stuck on the stage without someone whispering in my ear. I kept playing with my ear. I don't really know. We gotta decide what to do. No, no. In a stunning, stunning turn of events, benefiting the MAGA crowd in a conservative movement. Joe Bryman is out in North Carolina, decimating the political environment, North Carolina for anyone underneath him on the ticket. And he's doing what? He's screaming again. I beat Big Farmer. You did? What were you, who you beat Big Papa?


Like biggie, biggie, biggie, biggie. Can't you? Who? Who? Biggie's dead. Do you What? Did you do a wrap off? Oh, pharma. Oh, I thought he said Papa Bingy. Bingy Bing. Can't you see? I didn't Oh no one can understand this guy. I believe Papa. It's like a wrap off in Brooklyn. Weird. He's screaming like a lunatic again. And. they got him enhanced again. You ever see Logan as a great comic book movie? You ever see Logan, the Hugh Jackman Wolverine guy, Jim, remember the end?


They give him like the green juice, the injection, and he's like, ah. And it only lasts like 20 minutes. And he said, they said, did they give him the green juice? Jim says, spoiler alert, I sorry. If you didn't see the statute of limitations is up, the movie's like 10 years old. Is that real, Jim? Is the Green Juice real or is that just a, is that a movie thing Jim said before last night he thought it was just a movie. Now he thinks it's real. He's up on stage screaming again. And folks, I'm, I'm being kind of silly about it, but he, this is hilarious. He's now saying, not only is he not leaving, he's now demanding a second debate.


This is like, like Jim, permission to make an analogy. Granted. Okay, he's always the word. you know what this reminds me of? This is like Michael Spinx in the locker room after the Tyson fight going, I need a rematch, bro. Jim, how long did that fight last? 91 seconds. It was over. Imagine Spinx in the locker room. It was close. It was quite, I need a rematch. You know who? No. Even better. Even better, man. It's like Peter McNeely. Remember Hurricane Peter McNeely, the first fight back for Tyson after the prison thing? McNeely lost in, was it like 30 seconds? McNeely should have been in a locker room.


He should have screamed like Biden. Hey, big, big papa. I, I mean, I wanna, what is that dude? It's a boxing match, not a rapper. I mean, I, I wanna rematch. He wants the second debate. Holy Moses You. know what here I got is the, what's the second debate? The second debate's. A, B, C. I think in August, if I were Donald Trump, here's what I would do. See, we're in charge now. You ever see that bane clip from the dark night movies? Do you feel like you are in charge? You feel like you're in charge now, Reverend came. Do you? Because you're not. We're in charge now. We gave you a debate under your rules, and you sucked.


You sucked. Worse than any human being has ever sucked in a presidential debate stage, ever. You sucked so bad. You sucked so bad that sucky liberals who suck for a living professionally thought you sucked. So we're in charge now. Now, I'd like your feedback on this September 10th. Now, if I'm the Donald Trump team, I hope they're listening. He's done screaming now, by the way, folks, now he's lost on stage again. He doesn't know who he's waving to. He's like, oh, hey, look, I'm waving out there to my, to my good friend. The former Grand Wizard exalted.


Cycl. Oh, he's dead. Robert, he died. Joe, you eulogized him. Robert Burr. He's not around. Oh, sorry, he's not even from North Carolina. Dude. Here's what I say. Now, Jim, what do you think of this? I'm the Donald Trump team. I go, no, no, we're in charge now. We did the debate under your rules. We gave you everything you wanted. Muted microphones, no audience. Two Russian PPP tape hoaxers for moderators. We gave you a liberal network. We gave you everything. And you sucked because you sucked. That's what you do best when you're not sniffing kids. You're really good at that.


It's a lot of sniffing in the Biden White House. Oh, that sniff, that's savage. Those olf factory bulbs and muscles and ECMO turbinates or whatever, working really good. I'm Donald Trump. I say, nah, we're in charge now. We're not doing that. A, B, C debate no more. You want a debate? Fine. Let's do it. Next month. Here's the moderators. We're gonna do it on my rules. Now. We're not muting the Mics studio audience. You want a debate? I'll give it to you. Yeah, that's what I do. Why are we gonna give this clown another debate? Why? And I know what you're thinking.


Oh, damn. We should take it will humiliate him further. What's the point? Then he drops out. Then all of a sudden there's some like, oh, medical emergency. I don't know. It looks like he gonna fall off the stage. Now he's waving to Robert Bird again. Robert Bird's dead. The exalted cyclops of the Ku Klux gland. He's gone. Joe, you eulogize him. I was there. Remember I was working that day? Dr. Jill's waving for him. Now she's gotta go do surgery. What do you think of my rules, Jim? We're in charge now. We're not doing the A, B, C debate. Sorry. We'll do a debate on Rumble or truth or something like that.


How's that sound? You wanna show up? You clown after that sucky performance last night. So Biden just gave the speech and we were listening during the break so you don't have to because it was just nothing. But hey Papa. Oh yeah, we get it, bro. We get it. Please stop screaming. You're really annoying. You know. What is that? Jordan Peterson. He always says the first rule of raising kids is just make sure they're not annoying. Whoever did that for Biden absolutely failed. He hilariously said, oh my gosh, Trump lied. And I said, really? Trump lied. Trump Lied. Jim, if you would, I, I think you pulled this cut. Is this it's, what? Is that Newsmax or Oh?


no, it's CNN. So crazy. So CNN is a fact checker. Daniel Dale, who's a hyperpartisan, cut six. Jim has an, I haven't heard that. I don't know what it, I don't, I don't. I don't do any work on the show, these guys. I just show up. And these guys randomly was up this morning working out, getting my stuff ready, and I found this little gem. Here's CNN's fact checker who was really lying last night on the stage. Take a listen. He said he's the only president in a while who didn't have any troops dying anywhere in the world. Troops have of course, died on his watch. He said he's put in a $15 per shot cap on insulin and Medicare. It's a $35 a month cap. He said it's a $200 cap on overall drug spending and Medicare.


It's $2,000 a year. He said the border now has fewer crossings than when Trump was in office. That's generally not true. He said, or at least strongly suggested, unemployment was at 15% when he took office. It was actually 6.4. He said, Trump's want, Trump wants to get rid of Social security. Trump doesn't. He said, billionaires pay 8.2% in taxes. It's much higher. He said, Trump told Americans to inject bleach amid Covid. We know Trump made foolish comments about scientists studying disinfectant injection, but didn't frame it as advice to people. And Biden said the border Patrol endorsed him. No, its union supported the border bill he supported. Never endorsed him himself. Dude, the debate was only 90 minutes with a commercial break.


How do you squeeze that many lies in, bro, that's CNN. That that, that's not OANN. That's CNN's fact checker. The guy's a communist. And he's like, man, this guy's really full of crap. Joe Biden. Joe Biden calling someone a liar. That is freaking hilarious. I took card pop in the back. I whoop his ass. He was a QSC fighter Court was a bad dude. He was a bad dude. I went to the black church on Sunday, then my church, then the night before to synagogue.


Then I went to the mosque the day later, and I went there with my Polish friends who raised me. And then the next day with my Puerto Rican family who raised me too. And it then with the black family who joined me as a civil rights activist when I was arrested, going to see Nelson Mandela in South Africa while I was wiping oil slicks off my window, throwing touchdown passes as the skate scoring champion. I was a Letterman. And then they wanted me to play lacrosse because I was such a soft hands, 160 pounder. but I couldn't do it because the seasons conflicted despite the fact that they're not conflicting. And then I drove trucks, and then when I was done driving trucks, I rode 62 million miles on Amtrak because a dead conductor told me.


So after the Secret Service threatened to shoot 'em, this all happened. And I finished at the top of my class in law school and I had three degrees. I was voted the outstanding student, despite no student noticing you ever no less, you were outstanding for one reason. You were groping people and sniffing the kids on the campus. You were the outstanding sniffer. Your family's good at sniffing very good. He seemed to be good at showering and sniffing. And yet Donald Trump's the liar. Donald Trump's the liar seemed to be a lot of sniffing in the White House You.


know that white powdery stuff? Yeah, talcum, powdery. There a lawsuit over that? No, no, that's not Tal. That's not Tal. Powder. Powder. Oh, that's okay. Oh, sorry. I thought that was about powder. I Thought that was Trump's White House with the Oh. no, that Biden Biden that. I thought Trump was the chaos guy. Okay. I that's, that's so, it's crazy.


That's so crazy, man. Cocaine in the White House and, and Dr. Jill surgical resident like, yeah, man, there's so much integrity here. So much. I wait. Integrity. How, how, what exactly has Joe Biden told you the truth about? You realize in just a 90 minute debate where he spoke maximum for about 40 minutes. He lied about every significant issue. He lied about the border, he lied about healthcare, he lied about tax rates. He lied about what millionaires and billionaires pay. He lied about a border patrol endorsed. This is a great way here Jim. Play this one. This is a class. This is an instant classic. It's only 12 seconds. Here's cut four. He just makes up out of thin air that the border patrol endorsed him.


It was so bad, Jim, that during the debate, the Border Patrol Union tweeted this out. They're at BP Union. If you think I'm making this up to be clear, we never have and never will endorse Joe Biden. Someone should tell Joe Biden, 'cause he said this last night. Check this out. We Significantly increased the number of asylum officers significantly, by the way the border patrolman endorsed me, endorsed my position. In addition to that, we found ourselves in a situation where when he was president, he was taken separate. He was endorsed by the Border Patrol Union. That is a classic. They actually tweeted out in the middle of the debate, we don't want anything to do with this loser.


We never endorse this idiot. How bad does that have to be? In the middle of the debate? They have to tweet out. Just to be clear, we never endorse this guy. And never, and by the way, Jim, did you notice the other one? They never will. They're like, just in case you have any doubts, no matter what happens, we still won't endorse this loser. Dude, Reverend Kane has fallen apart, man. He is falling apart. Gotta die. Here's how bad this is. There he is. He was a, I didn't even, you didn't know he was an actor in Poltergeist too. Now, you know, how bad does it have to be when Chuck Todd, the muskrat, sniffling, muskrat, Chuck Todd, Jim Q up for me.


Cut nine. Here's Chuck Todd. Chuck. Todd's like, bro, what just happened? Chuck Todd's crying. You need a diaper change. Chuck Todd, the sniffling, muskrat, check this out. You know, one of the things was, would either candidate look like the caricature that the other campaign has been trying to paint of him? And at the end of the day, Joe Biden looks like the caricature that that conservative media has been painting. And there were no clips tonight, right? This was, you saw it before your eyes. Look, I, I'm, I don't want to just tell you what I think here, Tom. I, I've been talking to a lot of leaders in the Democratic party, electeds, coalition leaders.


There's a full on panic about this performance. Not like, oh, this is recoverable. It, it is more of a okay, he's gotta step aside. There's a lot of that chatter. This is, this is about as bad of a, of a performance in order to, that Biden could have delivered in. If his goal was to try to sort of calm the waters among Democrats, You know, I, I get it. you know, shouting fraud's not a good thing. It's probably not morally healthy. Ah, I'm sorry. I'm just enjoying every second of this meltdown because we told these buil, your guy is a moron.


He's corrupt. He sniffs kids. He's got millions of dollars coming into his family from nuclear powered enemies of the United States. And you were like, you guys are conspiracy theorists. Now the muskrat's like, oh, what happened? People are panicking. No, we're not panicking. We're not panicking at all. You idiots are panicking. We're not. We told you, we warned you, morons. You said when he was stumbling around looking like he's taking a dump in his diaper. You're like, that's a cheap fake. He's not crapping himself. Maybe he's not. I don't know. I don't even know if he wears diapers, but he looks like it. And maybe when you got issues with your being senile, you don't wanna walk around looking like you're taking a dump on yourself. Just try not. Don't squat.


Every parent knows the look. Okay, I don't know what happened in his pants. I'm not interested. I stay out of people's pants. I'm unlike Joe Biden. Alright, but maybe you don't look like you're taking a dump and maybe people won't talk about it. We warned you, idiots, we warned you. You are like, oh, they're cheap. Fakes. Thanks for joining the Weekend show. We really appreciate it. If you wanna listen to the radio show where I do those interviews a couple times a week, go to bonino.com station finder. Click on the radio station near you, or you can watch every single day. You can watch the radio show at Rumble dot com slash bonino. See you there. You just heard Dan Bonino.