
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. So you asked for it. I did a segment on the radio show about my life hacks, nutrition hacks, how I try to stay young into my old age, and that's gonna be on this weekend show today. But we have a number of great interviews too. But before that, let me tell you about our first sponsor.


Have you seen the news from some economists forecasting a depression? Not a recession depression? By the year 2030, we could be in a perfect storm. If social security and Medicare hit a breaking point with the largest generation hitting retirement. Smaller workforce usually means a smaller tax base. Pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living, we can have a really, really big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future? Well, gold has been a safe haven and hard economic times in Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. B Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold and it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. Help protect your future today. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation, only information. I buy my gold from Birch Gold. You can trust him too. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates supply.


First up today we talk with Senator Mike Lee about Cash Patel, the FBI 7 0 2 reforms. The Pfizer Court spying on Americans is a really great segment. Check this out. Alright, welcoming back to the show, Senator from the amazing, beautiful, wonderful state of Utah, you've never been there. Some of the most incredible scenery on earth. Our good friend, Senator Mike Lee. Senator, thanks for joining the show. We appreciate it. Thank you, Dan. Good to be with you as always. Always. So I was watching some of your back and forth with nominee for FBI director Mr. Cash Patel, and I thought you had one of the better exchanges in a day of, unfortunately, a bunch of embarrassing exchanges between Democrats and Cash about songs and other things.


You know, we're in a serious time with serious threats. It's no time for nonsense. But you brought up a very serious topic you and I have chatted about before, and I certainly talk about my audience a lot. And that is Section 7 0 2 FISA spine, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. And in the exchange with Cash Patel, you expressed some very deep concerns about abuses in this system. Were you assured by nominee Patel yesterday, you appear to be that, that, that this system is, is going to get cleaned up and the abuses will stop if he does become director of the FBI? Yes, I've received assurances from Cash Patel in that exchange yesterday and on other occasions he understands the problem.


He understands that it's a big problem when we incidentally collect conversations of American citizens stored in a database and then allow FBI agents to go in and perform a search searching for a known US citizen to listen to conversations they may have had unwittingly with somebody who's under surveillance as either an agent of a foreign power or otherwise. And this is something that the foreign intelligence state, the military industrial complex doesn't like to acknowledge, but it's a big problem. It's happened hundreds of thousands of times that ought to require a warrant because the Constitution requires nothing less. Yeah, Senator and I, I find the arguments against this, particularly in the Wall Street Journal op-ed column yesterday.


They are all for, or FISA spying. I find the arguments against it very unpersuasive. One of 'em they bring up often is, well, you know, you don't really know what you're looking for while you're fishing around in there. Yeah, general warrants. One of the reasons we had an American Revolution link, you're not just we're we need a warrant for what? I don't know something. We'll figure it out. That's not the way the Constitution works, Senator. It was not designed the Constitution to be a suggestion in your personal effects and your conversations and your data. I mean, that is not a persuasive argument at all.


No, it's not. And you're exactly right to compare it to general warrants. I talked about that in the book I wrote about a decade ago. Both our lost constitution general warrants were used about the time at the American Revolution, that they were used abusively by King George II and his government. They would basically go out and say, you have permission to go out and find evidence of a crime. Have fun, good luck. That's not how it's supposed to work. And that's exactly why we adopted the Fourth Amendment, was to protect against things like this. Now, one of the things that they do, one of the things that they say in order to try to get around this, they try to cloud the issue by saying, look, all we're doing is going after agents of foreign powers, not American citizens.


Well, technically true. And that's what 5 0 7 0 2 is focused on. Sometimes once they collect something incidentally that happens to be from a US person, an American citizen or lawful permanent resident, they will go in and search for that person on the database without a warrant. That's the problem. And that's the problem they like to overlook. The next phase of their defense usually involves something like this. They'll say in essence, don't worry about it. We've got good policies and good people in place at the FBI. So this sort of thing doesn't happen. We don't do it without a good reason. Well, I've been hearing that for over a decade. And they're lying. They do it anyway. That's why we need a requirement in there that they get a warrant before searching for the private communications of a US person.


We're talking to Senator Mike Lee from Utah. Senator I I, I know you don't need it and it's certainly not why you come on, but I just wanna applaud you for being one of the few. And there are sadly just a few of people up on Capitol Hill, Rand Paul being another, willing to speak out against this. You are obviously a, a very, very good lawyer and attorney yourself and you understand that most of this stuff is nonsense. I don't wanna beat this up. I got a ton of things. But one more, one more quick thing of this, another argument they use that is unbelievably unpersuasive. You know, even Charlie Brown Encyclopedia Law 1 0 1 is, well, what if there's an emergency? There are already emergency exceptions to the warrant requirement. Did you go to law school? The the warrant requirement is not ironclad in stone.


There's hot pursuit things, there's all kinds of, of rules with regards to vehicles. There's Terry versus Ohio about when you can frisk someone there, there are already thousands of these. And Senator as a federal agent has actually done this type of stuff. I assure you, and you know, as well as I do, if you have a ticking time bomb scenario, there is a magistrate on duty who can authorize a warrant over the phone in, I hate literally this word, but in, in minutes, in just minutes, the time it takes you to turn on the computer, I promise you, you can get a telephone authorization to search this stuff. That's exactly right. You know this, as a former federal agent, I know this.


As a former federal prosecutor, you can get a warrant. Yes, it takes a little bit of extra time, but not that much. And yes, there are also built-in exceptions to the Fourth Amendment jurisprudence in this area, exigent circumstances among them so that under limited circumstances you can get around it. But absent those unusual circumstances, you've got to get a warrant. Now, it's understandable that they, like all law enforcement everywhere, would probably prefer on some ways not to have to do it unless they love the Constitution. They can imagine a world being easier in which they don't have to. But that doesn't mean it's not important. And that doesn't mean that they're not compelled to follow the Constitution. And that's not too much to ask.


Some of my colleagues in the Senate are so concerned about FI 7 0 2 that they're willing to sacrifice the Fourth Amendment that's gone on too long and we've gotta stop it. Yeah. Talking to Senator Mike Lee. Senator, let's move on to some other items. Th th this election was a mandate. The left wing media can say whatever they'd like. We won every single swing state. We won seats in Pennsylvania areas where, I mean, let's be honest with that was a tough, that was a tough, all Pennsylvania's a great state. We've been doing great there, but it, it's not a red state. It's a purple state trending in our direction. We did very well. The house we probably could have done a little better. However, significant gerrymandering, Eric Holder group, it hurt us and everybody knows that, but we did.


Well, if that wasn't a mandate, then nothing's a mandate. This is not the time to do small things. Donald Trump is proposing some big, bold ideas. He doesn't care if it's one or two reconciliation packages. Personally, I do. I think one is a better idea. I think the momentum is there to do it. But do you sense in a Senate populated with, sadly, you know, a lot of people we both know are in that squishy middle. Do you sense the momentum is there to do big transformative things on the border, on tax policy, on the income tax, on tariffs, on national security? Because if there was ever a time, this is it.


You're exactly right. This is the time. We cannot assume that we'll have another chance to do this. It's not very common that the Republican Party has control of the House and the Senate and the White House all at the same time. And although we hope and expect to be able to book this trend historically, it usually lasts for only two years at a time when it does occur. And so we've gotta get this done. Now, typically what that means is that within a two year period, you've gotta get most of it done, nearly all of it in the first year of that, because then it's an election year again after that. So we've gotta do it this year and through reconciliation, and I'm with you, Dan, I I don't care quite as much, whether it's one bill, two bills, or three bills.


We, we do have to get aggressive with reconciliation. And that means carrying out the legislative end of the Doge agenda, which is to say that somewhat significantly reduced federal spending and disempowered the deep state, cut down on the administrative bureaucracy and pass regulatory reforms like the RES Act, which would simply require Congress to adopt federal regulations before they take effect. We've had too many federal regulators, unelected unaccountable bureaucrats being able to make federal law to the tune of a hundred thousand pages a year every single year. That's wrong. And it's contrary to what our Constitution requires. We're talking to Senator Mike Lee.


I love the Rains Act. You and I have discussed it on the show, excuse me, quite a bit. I, I'd really hope that is part of any package. But Senator, here's my, here is my, my beef with two, say one or two or, or, or I should say two or three reconciliation packages and folks reconciliation's. Simple. It's a 10 year window. And if it involves budget items, you don't need to overcome the filibuster. A simple majority in the Senate works. That's just the Reader's Digest version of what we're talking about here. Obviously tough because we only have 53 seats. We don't have enough right now to overcome the filibuster. But my, my issue with it is this, obviously the way our system, our our Federalist system, which is a great system. It, the good and bad, the good part is there are a lot of parochial interests.


New York doesn't get to dictate Wisconsin farm policy, the bad parts center. There are a lot of parochial interests. So it's hard to do things nationally. If you do two or even three reconciliation bills, you know, as well as I do, somebody is gonna come out and go, I need my ethanol. Someone else is gonna come out and go, I need my salt deduction. And they're gonna make a big stink about it. You pour all this into one big thing. Donald Trump goes out and does rallies and marshals the masses like you. And I know only he can do all of a sudden, you know, the old Reagan thing, they may not see the light, but they're gonna feel the heat. And everybody's gonna say, I didn't get everything I wanted, but I got this. And I think the public would understand, and the momentum and the media coverage alone be worth two or three points in the national polls.


I I personally see it as you, maybe I'm misreading it, I'm not up there, but I think it's a big mistake. And, you know, I get a lot of feedback from the listeners. They feel the same way. I couldn't agree more. And look, a number of us are working behind the scenes to put together proposals, proposals that could be put forward in one, two, or three bills regardless of, of what it is. But a, a list of things that have to be accomplished. And when people talk about the need to make sure that we can win the next election cycle, I can tell you the very, very best thing we could do for that purpose, even if that was our only purpose, would be to pass something that meaningfully downsizes federal spending meaningfully reforms the federal government and meaningfully takes a bite out of the federal regulatory process to put the American people and their elected lawmakers back in charge of making law as the Constitution has ordained.


If we do that, I, I can pretty much guarantee that that will do more for our electoral process, for our prospects moving forward of Republicans winning difficult races than anything else we can do. Yeah, talking to Senator Mike Lee. A great follow by the way on X, it's a real account, by the way, at based Mike Lee. I promise it's it's worth your time. Jim and I use it often for, for show content. It's fantastic at base. Mike Lee. Senator, last question. You are up there, obviously in the United States Senate, you're working every day, you know your colleagues better than we do. Do you sense any of these nominees in trouble? I, you know, I'm not up there like you are.


I, I think from what I've heard from friends of ours, like cash looks o okay, look, I don't wanna get ahead of myself, but do you sense any trouble on the horizon? I saw Susan Collins kind of surprised me yesterday with positive comments about Tulsi Gabbard. I gotta tell you, I didn't see that one coming. Well, I was, I was thrilled to hear it. Look, Susan keeps her our council. She keeps her cards close, she does her homework. And I think after she heard from some of these nominees in including Tulsi Gabbard, she likes so many other Americans looks at at that's favorably from what I understand. It's it, it's been a favorable development for, and I'm, I'm thrilled to hear that.


I, I was thrilled that Kat Patel's success yesterday in the Senate Judiciary Committee. And I think he has won over the Republican senators by and large. I can't speak for everybody, but it, it looks good for him. Yeah, I'm, I'm also very, very determined to see RFK Junior get confirmed. The head of HHSS. I know he faced a tough battle in his committee hearings this week, but he handled them well. So as those who support these nominees, those are the three nominees who face the toughest fights right now. A as people from around the country express their views on this and express their support, I think more and more senators will come along, hopefully from both parties.


Good, good. That's good to hear. I mean, you're up there. Nobody has their finger on the pulse better than you. Senator Mike Lee from Utah. Absolutely gorgeous state folks, you gotta visit sometimes you don't know what you're missing out on. Check it out. Senator, thanks for your time. We appreciate it. Thank you Dan. You got it folks. I'm telling you, Utah, I kid you not an absolutely amazing state. They're state parks and if you ever get the time I went there with President Bush when I was an an agent back in the day, the Stein Erickson Lodge. Absolutely amazing. I'm not a skier, but I, I went there on a work trip. Incredible. Just a beautiful, beautiful state. Let's get to our next sponsor, but up next we talked with Devin Nunes talked about a lot of different things.


Ladies and gentlemen, one of my favorite supplements, it's actually the staple of my supplement agenda. What is Field of Greens? First, it is healthy, wholesome, organic fruits and vegetables. You know, we don't always have time to eat five servings of fruits and vegetables a day. Ground up into this delicious tasting powder. A small scoop. I like the wild berry. There's lemon lime. You put it in whatever beverage you like. Protein shakes. I put it in green tea. I love it. It's delicious. A glass field of greens daily is like nutritional armor for your body. The fruits and vegetables were selected by a doctor who works there. There's a heart health group, lung and kidney groups metabolism. I love the energy I get with Field of Greens. I've shown you my blood work since I've been taking it. It's delicious. It's the nutrition my body needs daily. The function at a high level and only field of greens makes you a better health promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. Let me get you started with my special discount. I got you 20% off your first order. It's big savings order Field of Greens today. Just use code dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. That's code dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan.


Up next, we talk with Devin Nunes about the appointment of very specific people in positions at the CIA and FBI because people are policy. Listen to this, it's important. You know, we need to talk to this gentleman more. He was, yeah. Oh, I, you know, I don't say this lightly either. I know Producer Jim, you would definitely disagree with this. When I mean agree with this one. When the real history of what happened with the weaponization of government is hopefully written by sane people in the future, not through the lens of a left wing analyst. This guy should get like the Presidential Medal of Freedom for everything he did to expose the collusion hoax and Spygate, former Congressman Kern, head of true social and excellent social media platform.


Devin Nunes. Devin, welcome back to the show. Good to have you. Hey Dan, how's it going? It's great to talk to you again. And I meant what I said, I don't know if you heard that in the beginning in the intro, but everything you and Cash Patel and others and Michael Ellis and people like that did to expose the collusion hoax really? I don't think the full story's been told. I know Lee Smith's done a good job in his books, but I appreciate that and that's why I wanna have you on today because there are a lot of unsung heroes out there in the exposing of the collusion hoax and the spying scandal on Donald Trump. And one of 'em is a guy, you and I both know, I obviously I'm an investor in Rumble, so I'm pretty familiar with the personnel. But Michael Ellis, who's just been appointed deputy director of the CIA under John Ratcliffe, who's fantastic, the, the confirmed director of the CIA.


Now he's one of those guys. And, and Devin, you know, as well as anyone, personnel people are policy. Unfortunately, policy isn't policy. People are policy. We need good people in there. That's right Dan. And you know, I started working with Michael Ellis back in, I don't know, 2011, 12 timeframe when he started as a Deputy General Counsel on the House Intelligence Committee. And then I promoted him when I became the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. I promoted him to be the General counsel. We worked on numerous investigations, including but not limited to Benghazi. You may remember the whole debacle where they lied about the Obama administration lied about the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.


We worked on that investigation, actually the China investigation with Huawei. So we spent a lot of time together. He became my general counsel and then transitioned over to the White House and worked in the first Trump administration and was really instrumental there in bringing, you know, like sanity when everybody's running around with their heads cut off. When Mo the Moeller investigation was going on and McCabe was dropping in on General Flynn. Michael Ellis was there, he was steady, he gave good advice to the president and the White House. And I think had they listened to him more, there would've been less problems back in the first Trump administration. But I will say, I will say this, Dan, and this was a lot of, not a lot of people know this, but President Trump appointed Michael Ellis to be the general counsel of the NSA and Naga Soni, the admiral put him this will, this will ring a bell.


So he was the director of NSA. He went in and created a phony investigation, a fake investigation, sound familiar. And Michael Ellis went under this bullshit investigation and then he lost that opportunity to be the general counsel, the NSA because of, you know, deep state tricks. Now look, in the end, it worked out well for Rumble and it worked out well for free speech because he's been just a stalwart over there defending rumble around the globe against the people who want to kill free speech, which is by the way, how you and I kind of got to know each other was not just the Russia hoax, but also our early involvement in in Rumble and True Social.


You were talking a former Congressman Kern Head, a true social Devin Nunes an American hero with regards to this collusion, Spygate hoax. You know, it's you and I, we just were chatting during the inauguration. We were at the Rumble event and I had actually forgotten some of how you and I had met through this fight for free speech. But you and I were pretty viciously censored on multiple left wing platforms. And I think that's why you and I are so passionate you a true social and me and his investor in Rumble and other places earlier against this topic. But I want you to address, if you could, the initial portion of of the question, it was kind more of a statement. But Devin, we live in a, supposedly what is a constitutional republic.


But I think you and I having seen what we've seen both agree that the Constitution is, is it wasn't meant to be a suggestion. It was meant to be the governing document. This is how we're gonna roll. But that's not the country we live in anymore. I wish we did Donald Trump's moving us back in that direction. But things like the collusion hoax, the spying operation on Donald Trump, the FBI's war on Moms for Liberty, pro-life activists MAGA hat wears the student loan debacle under Biden spending money wasn't authorized. People are the policy. If you don't have people in there who use the Constitution as their load star, like Cash Patel, like Michael Ellis, like John Ratcliffe, then, then sadly the constitution's like a four-way stop sign.


Eh, you'll stop once in a while, but eh, maybe sometimes you just roll right through it. 'cause the other guy will do it. And that's what really troubles me most about where we are. And the, the beauty of having, you mentioned those three names, Ratcliffe and Cash Patel and Michael Ellis is, you know, we all worked together back during the, you know, even before the Russiagate days we worked together. So they're, you know, they saw firsthand, all of them, all, all three of those guys understand firsthand what it's like to get your, not only your First Amendment rights stripped away, but watch others be stripped away and then you, you know, then be accused of, of false allegations. And so all three of those gentlemen are going to do a great job.


I think working with Attorney General Pam Bondy. And then of course, you know, I think, you know, but the president has pointed me as the outside counsel to be the chairman of his intelligence board. Yes. I think all of us together will, will be able to, if if, if anybody can do it, if anybody's seen bad things, it's us. And I think the president's put the right team in place to to, to do what we can to smash really, I, I hate to say this, but the cockroaches within our own government. Yeah. And I'm so glad that you were appointed to that intelligence advisory position given your history and exposing the, you know, deep state actors in the Intel community.


Congressman now head of true social Devin Nunes, I, we both agree we need to make the FBI great again, we need to make the CIA great again. But they have a mission they've strayed from that mission. And the issue with the CIA and global intelligence communities working to politically attack Donald Trump is that there's an opportunity cost to that. Congressman, you understand economics as well as anyone when you're wasting your time in investigating MAGA hat, whereas the FBI or C-A-C-I-A in an eight hour workday, you're not spending that time going after the guy who just ran down people at New Orleans, in New Orleans at the Sugar Bowl. I I I can we can we both agree on that, like the, we need these entities to function correctly, but they far straight off their course.


Yeah, and here's, here's what really has happened, starting with, with Obama, and maybe you could even be critical of the Bush Cheney administration, because they were, they were so focused on the war on terror in Afghanistan and Iraq, that the power in the FBI and CIA really became centralized in Washington DC more so than ever. And then of course with Obama, it got put on steroids and so be, it became part of the culture. And I'm sure you saw that in your old role with the Secret Service, the culture moved to Washington DC and New York City. It became, you know, in that kind of corridor between Washington and New York and anyone who wanted to be someone had to do time in Washington DC and then you become essentially serving those masters that everything reports to there.


And that's gonna be the toughest role that I think both with the Trump CIA and Trump FBI will be to, to refocus to get people out of Washington DC and back out into the field. I mean, I spent a lot of time overseas, you know, working with, you know, just the, the different intelligence agencies. And I will tell you, the people that are overseas for the most part are phenomenal. They're patriots, they're warriors. They, they dedicate their lives to, to our country. They put themselves in harm's way. And that doesn't mean that the people that are in Washington DC doing very important work, also analytic work are not important. But when you just weigh it, when you look at the scale, you, you just can't get in a position where you have just sheer numbers, Dan, you have more people in Washington DC than you do outside in the field.


So, so, and that's, and that's for both, you know, that's for sure. The CIA, the FBI, I don't remember the exact numbers, but there's just been a focus on having people in Washington and, and over time that's going to corrupt itself. And you're gonna be able to begin serving masters like a Comey and a McCabe and these people, because everybody's trying to get their next promotion by being in Washington, DC instead of the opposite, like you said, said, it should be the people that actually bust the, the terrorists that, that, that went to New Orleans or is helping to secure the border or is over, you know, doing very difficult work in the, in the, in the Middle East. Those are the types of people that we need to reward.


And, and I know it's, you know, I know, you know, cash has been criticized for saying that, you know, and you know, I think he was just being sarcastic saying he wanted to make the, the FBI building into a museum of the Deep State. But what they're didn't, what the left didn't pay attention to is that what he's saying has some, has some real importance, which is why are we building a brand new FBI building and gonna, what we're gonna house more people in Washington DC And you know, I kept, when I was chairman of the intelligence committee, I did everything I could to stop the growth of the DNI, where Tulsi Gabbard is, is, is hopefully gonna be approved. And that was supposed to be, originally I was there in Congress when we originally started that program.


It was supposed to be essentially a board that sets budgets, that looks at things at the, at a high level. And you know, I thought at the most that it would have, you know, 50 staff people and maybe a hundred, you know, maybe you get up to a hundred, a hundred, you know, 150, 200 people. I think that thing swelled to like 2000 people now. Yeah. Like, you know, and, and look, I I, I oversaw this for many, many years and, and Dan, I I, I don't know what they're doing and I oversaw it, you know, I was, you know, providing that, not oversight, I didn't run it, but I was providing oversight from the legislative branch of government as chairman of the intelligence committee. I, I, I just don't know how it got so big, so fast.


And that's what I think the Trump administration is gonna have to get a handle on. And of course, you know, as in my role chairing the intelligence board or the president, you know, we will give, you know, either concurring or differing views upon what the, what the intelligence officials are saying. Congressman Nunes now head of Schu social, I only have a minute left, but just a quick comment on U-S-A-I-D. This has been used largely as a deep state slush fund. Is that why the left is freaking out over this? Well, if you go back, there's been so many, the, the waste has been horrendous over the years, but what I think happened over the last four years during Biden no surprise is, is like everything else, Dan, you know, you give, you give an inch and they take a mile and Biden was so asleep, so at the switch and so corrupt over a lifetime that anything went.


And I think once you start to peel that back, you're gonna see a lot of wasted, a lot of wasted money and a lot of money that that was being wired to left wing causes and which is why I'm, I'm really happy. I never thought about, you know, just removing the head of U-S-A-I-D and putting it under the Secretary of State, which is probably where it, where it belongs. Yeah. And I mean, the 1998 legislation under Clinton's pretty clear that the Secretary of State's prerogative should dictate U-S-A-I-D and where their money's going and what they're doing. So they're gonna have a tough legal fight. I'm not saying an activist judge won't hurt us on this, but it's not as cut and dried as the left wants you to believe.


Devin Nunes, you're doing a great job at True Social. Everybody needs to go and start an account today. Congratulations to that appointment. I know you'll give amazing advice to President Trump. We really appreciate your service to the country. Thanks for coming on. Always a pleasure, Dan. Great, great to see you in Washington and great to be during the inauguration and hopefully see you soon Indeed. Likewise, sir. Appreciate it. Devin Nunes, I, I spent some time with him up at the Rumble gathering during the inauguration and we were reminiscing, and I'm telling you I'm not making that up. I had actually forgotten some of the details about some of the stuff me and him did to fight for free speech. And I know that sounds self celebratory, so forgive me. I don't mean to be, but I'm not kidding. He was like, remember we did this.


I said, I actually don't even remember that. Another interesting interview is next, but our next sponsor,


first folks, I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket, and Paula has been using the red light face mask. I gotta tell you, I've been using it too. Helps me fall asleep at night ever since they sent to me. Can't recommend them highly enough. This is a really great company. We just, I just bought some more blue light glasses for upstairs. I kept forgetting mine downstairs. I first turned to the sauna blanket a while ago because of the power of sauna. I encourage you to look it up. It's incredible. It helps me sleep at night as my body tries to cool down. It's for great for muscle recovery, detoxification. It's easy to use the bone charge sauna blanket. Just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work work its magic. I've noticed an absolutely incredible difference with my sleep and my recovery for my workouts, especially at age 50. You gotta use every life hack possible. Paula uses the red light face mask. It's incredibly impressive. She's been using it to help improve her skin's texture and reduce inflammation. Look at her pictures on my Instagram. You see, for yourself, it's like having a mini spa treatment right at home whenever you want it. If you're thinking of trying 'em out, now's the time. Head on over to bon charge.com/bonino, B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G and use the code bonino at checkout to get 15% off. They have a ton of products over there, not just the red light face mask and the sauna blanket blue light glasses. If you are into life hacks and positive life impacts, this is the site to go to to improve your wellness routine. You're gonna love this site. Go today, use Code bonino. You'll save 15% at bone charge.com/bonino. B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bonino. Save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Folks, a lot happened in the Middle East this week. Coach Bruce Pearl, the Auburn Tigers, the team I love. He's not only a great coach, but he's very interested in stability in the Middle East and that's an issue we share in common. We interviewed him about this, we got a lot of great feedback on it. Check this out. So much to talk about with my next guest. Great guy, good friend, amazing basketball coach Patriot, loves his country and has a real profound interest in world stability in the Middle East. This, so we share a lot in common. Great coach of the Auburn Tigers, my humble opinion, the best coach in the nation, coach Bruce Pearl. Bruce, welcome back to the show. Good to have you, Dan. It's great to be back with you. Thank you. Well, we gonna, let's get to the serious stuff in a second.


But first congratulations. Another big win. Last night I ran into you at Neville at the Tennessee game Coach. I'm just gonna tell you man, I don't know how you do it. I was on edge the entire game. Miles Kelly drains the three with 27 seconds to go. I'm serious. My brother, I almost had a heart attack. You are storming up and down the court for two hours. Are you on like some serious blood re medication or fish oil or like how do you do this and survive these games? Yeah, I can, I can endorse Repatha. It's been really good for my bad cholesterol. You know, Dan, I, I apologize to my friends and to my family because I'm taking, I am taking years off of your life when you are a, a sports fan like that and you live and die through, you know, all of 'em.


The thrills of victory, the agony of defeat. And, but I I, it was, it was so great to have you last Saturday at the Tennessee game and, and be up close and personal. See how big these dudes are, how athletic they are. Oh my God. How physical the game is. And you know, the thing I loved about that game, even though it was only 4 50, 2 51 and there were people that complained about it being a rock fight and too much holding and too much grabbing. These guys were playing so hard and so physical and there wasn't one ounce of animosity or negativity. The kids respected each other. They respected each other as competitors. And you know, obviously we, we made a great offensive play at the end and, and, and came away with a great w Coach Bruce per yo burn.


Tiger. One last thing coach. This is how good this guy is, folks. He says to me before the game, I kid you not, you look me in the eye. I don't know if you remember this. You said you were close, we were close enough. You said first team to 60 wins because you knew it was gonna be, you remember that? It was close. It was. I do, but I'm like I said to my wife after the game, I go, damn, that guy's good. He knew that was gonna be a defensive struggle. I obviously, at least They did. At least, at least I didn't say take the under. I mean, that would've been an appropriate of a coach, right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I knew it was gonna be a great, great defensive game. And some people just love high scoring and they love the offense. And great teams have gotta be, be able to win playing fast and playing slow. 'cause you can't always control the tempo.


You knew it, you nailed it. You said this is gonna be a defensive fight. And you knew it. And I, I tell you, I looked at Paul, I go, man, he's really good at, like, he really understood that. So you're having a great season, congratulations. But you and I share another thing in common. We care deeply about global affairs and global stability and especially the issue in the Middle East, which has been hot forever. President Trump shook up the entire foreign policy establishment last night. You heard it, I heard it, I texted you about it this morning. I said, I'd love for you to come on and talk about this. Your initial thoughts about him staking out this position that the US may now have a role in the reconstruction and stability in Gaza. Your first reaction when you heard it, You know, Dan, my first reaction was simply leadership.


The, the, our world of the last four years has been void of any worldwide leadership. And those that may have been leading in some areas, whether it been President Xi or Putin or, or, or Zelensky or, or the terrorism. There just was no leadership in this. And our world was beginning to get more and more dangerous and, and divided. And, and, and, and, and we knew that the return of President Trump would be there. I I will tell you that there are, there are many people including the Gulf Arab states right now who are looking at this and saying this, this reshaping, this rethinking of things.


This sort of a kind of a common sensical approach. What what there, what the people on the left are gonna say is, oh my God, how can you move 1.7 million people and what are you gonna do with 'em? And all these different things. They don't realize right now, Gaza is uninhabitable right now. You cannot live there. So if there is going to be any kind of a rebuild, you've gotta do something with the population because their leadership chose to attack Israel, murder 1200 people. They were the ones that sort of created this. And so this solves a great deal of problems. But I think what's next is when they start to rebuild it and people invest in it and they see, you know, wealth and prosperity, return to that beautiful Lebanon will be next.


Others will begin to look at that life and go, you know what, this is way, way better than, than running around chanting death to Israel and from the river to the sea. And, and I'm not willing to live in peace going, you know what, maybe this is a better way for all of us Talking to Coach Bruce Pearl, the Auburn Tigers coach. You know, one of the things that's irked me about the situation is I think a lot of people don't understand the negotiating style of Donald Trump. Y you know him, I know him. You know how he is. He's a spreadsheet guy. He sees a problem and he wants a formula in the spreadsheet to fix it. They have presented him the same formula on the Middle East and everyone else for 50 years.


Maybe not him, but everyone. And it hasn't worked. Okay. There isn't stability in the Middle East. So he's looking at this going, yeah, Jordanians, you claim you wanna fix the Palestinian issue. Why don't you take in the Palestinians Egypt, why do you have Delphi closed? Why can't you take in some people from Gaza while we reconstructed? He's a spreadsheet transactional guy and he's tired of being presented with the same old solutions which coach, if they worked, would be solutions and nothing solved. You're exactly right, Dan. And, and here's the thing. I think one of the great things about this leadership is it's not coming from a politician who's worried about what this people will think or this side will think or what this is gonna get me another vote or how to stay in power.


He is simply there right now to fix the problems and to to breathe common sense and be truth into reality. And, and you're right, since 1948 when there was a war of independence that took place during Israel's creation, the Arabs had an opportunity to get another Palestinian state or another AB state right next to what was Israel and the Jewish state. And they simply chose not to. And the entire Arab world went to war and attacked Israel. Israel was able to survive that war. But they didn't. They did not. They did not win that war. You know, in Israel right now, Dan, as you know, there are 6 million Jews and there are 2 million Israeli Arab citizens that have created in 75 years, one of the most amazing fates in, in, in, in, in, in the world, in the history of the world for how young it is.


It's innovation, it's technology, the things that it's doing, solving problems, medicine, all these different things. The problem was, there was 160,000 Arabs in 1948 that decided we're not living as neighbors. And they went to war. People said there was a genocide of those 160,000 Arabs. No there wasn't. There are now four or 5 million of them living in Gaza, living in Judea and Samaria that have simply chosen a path of not being able to get along with the, with the Jewish state. And, and I'm telling you right now, did yesterday, yesterday was a bad day for terrorists. Yesterday was a bad day for terrorists all over the world because Donald Trump said, you know what, this is you, this isn't gonna work.


You, you wanna do this, you wanna act this way. There are gonna be consequences to pay. You know, and and rather than us trucking billions of dollars of aid into Gaza and help them build a terrorist society, the rockets are, are done. The rockets are gone. Israel no longer has to live underneath that threat. And Donald Trump is bringing these solutions not only to the Middle East, but he's gonna bring them to so many other parts of, of areas that need to be rebuilt like our government and other areas of our foreign policy. That's right. Talking to Coach Bruce Pearl, the Elburn and Tigers coach. Another thing, another component of this that I think a lot of people are starting to realize today is Donald Trump was clearly trying to refocus all the regional parties there you have Hamas in the region, you know, the demon savages, let's just be candid, got their asses kicked they thought on October 7th.


Look what we're gonna do. We're gonna galvanize the world against Israel. They're gonna be isolated. Iran's gonna come and help us out. They're gonna lo in all these missiles. Israel will be finished. That's not what happened. They completely got their asses kicked. The beepers were blowing nuts off everyone all over. They don't even know they're that. They're down to their 17th layer leadership right now. 'cause everybody's freaking dead. So it didn't work out. But the most incredible thing, and I mean in a negative way in this case is Hamas still doesn't seem to get it. It's over you. You engaged in this terrorist plot, it didn't work out. You've been completely wiped out. I think Donald Trump is just like, Hey, I'm in office two weeks and I'm already sick of this. You guys are negotiating from a point of not weakness, but you're gonna be completely obliterated if you don't fix it.


I'm coming in there, daddy's home and I'm gonna fix it for you. And you will have nothing including Gaza. No. And, and, and one of the greatest ways to defeat terrorists is, is to take away their, their, their land. And, and, and, and that's the ultimate defeat for this terrorist. And, and, and the statement it's making is it this is this doesn't work. This, this activity absolutely doesn't work. You know, Israel's never started a war with their Arab neighbors, but they've never allowed to actually win one and, and actually be able to finish one out. I do believe this could be a, obviously a building block, you know, towards some, some, some peace in the region where people say, okay, there's, there's gotta be a better way of doing it.


Now I know all the critics gonna come out and say this is possible. You can't possibly move all these people out. But the reality on the ground is they can't go back right now. And especially if they're gonna go back and, and try to rebuild the curtain of this awful, awful barbaric leadership of Hamas got pulled back, the world's begun to see now exactly what they were supporting. The way they have, you know, the way, just the way they release the hostages, the decisions to surround a female hostage scared to death with, with with a thousand men and guns. And, and we're supposed to allow that to continue like next door. You know, you, you know what, what, what, what's your town next door?


Well, where do you live next door? What's your next door town? Yeah, down in Florida. I live near West Palm Beach. Yeah. Alright, so the town next door wants to kill you, rape your wife, burn you, behead you. And they're living like right across 95 on the other side, Right there, right there. Different town. That's what people don't understand. Gaza's right there. It's not like it's like two, 300 miles away. It's right there. It's it's right there. And, and you know what Dan, you want to dream, just dream for a second, okay? Let's just say they're able to relocate these people to get started in a more normal society somewhere, you know, throughout, throughout the world.


And, and, and they go in there and they really just, they really clean this place up and they got a chance to create a, an Abu Dhabi and a Singapore, an amazing place. And then there's going to be so much come back and there'll be tremendous Arab wealth. There'll be, there'll be wealth from all over the world. They're gonna be able to rebuild that. And, and again, the jobs that are gonna be created, the, the, the, the revenue that's gonna be created, it, it, it could all then get sort of get back into helping some of the people that had to get relocated. You know, funds will be created to help them as as as revenues you increase. And, and again, I just think Lebanon's next, who's next? Yeah, Syria, what do you, what do you want?


What do you, what do you want? Do, do you want what maybe could happen in Gaza and in some sort of a rebuild or do you or, or you gonna hold onto these crazy Islamic extremist, you know, beliefs that are, are, are just simply not good for the peace and prosperity of people. Coach. I'll end on a lighter note talking to Coach Bruce. Bruce Perley, Auburn Tigers. You're the number one team in the nation. I got about a minute left and the computer will cut us off. But obviously going into the tournament that that's a lock. I mean you could lose every game. I know you don't plan on however, but you know, last year obviously it was a little bit of a disappointment. You still have a lot of the guys around you had a great team last year and are you reminding the guys, is this why you haven't had any significant letdowns?


I mean the Duke game, you know, it was what it was, but you guys have not had a letdown. Are you telling the guys every day like, hey man, remember what happened last year? Like we had a great team too. Like is that why this year they've been so laser focused or at least is it a little part of it? I'm sure it's part of it, but it's nothing I need to tell them. We all lived it, we all went through it and, and, and look, we got for the listeners that we got upset in a four 13 matchup by Yale. But Yale played great and I always give, I always, I always give Yale that kind of credit. Now I wanted to beat Yale's ass because I want to come after the game and talk about their, their ridiculous education, the Ivy League and all the protests. But I didn't get that opportunity 'cause we got our SSB but our guys, we respect our opponent.


We, we fear nobody. I'm proud of our league, the SEC, it just means more. And I'm so glad that the Bonino family is able to be part of this war damn eagle and this Auburn family. And I just apologize. I apologize for the stress that our friendship is putting. You're under enough stress my friend stay In the world. I'm From these lunatics. But You, I know you guys though. You guys have made no thank you. But you guys have really made my life my to watch. I don't wanna get all emotional with you 'cause I do have to run. But to watch my youngest daughter who you met Amelia at the game. Yep. When Miles hit that three pointer with is 20 seconds to go jump into my arms and just like daddy coach, you know, I know sports and with these hard, it seems like a frivolous matter with all these things, but it's not.


It's a way for us to collectively bond and get away and share a common experience. And I want to thank you for everything. I love Auburn. It is the just most amazing school. It's such a family and you're the best coach in the nation. Good luck the rest of the season going forward. I'll be watching the Florida game on Saturday and thanks for coming on today. Okay, Great to be with you again, Dan. Got you. Got it. Coach Blue, Bruce Pearl. Real patriot folks. Man, there's a lot to, we got a lot in that interview. Let's get to our next sponsor.


Hey, you know I used to wake up exhausted feeling like I was way behind because I was sleeping terribly. I don't know if you noticed, but for the last few years the show's been a little more energetic sometimes to some people chagrin. It's because I'm sleeping Great Beams Dream Powder works for me. It's found that in America run by people who share our values. Hard work, integrity and results. Like that's it Results. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed, ready to take on the day. Dreams made with a powerful all-natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athenian Apigenin and Melatonin Beam has helped improve over 17.5 million nights of sleep helping people across the country wake up, feel their best. Here's the deal. Beam's giving Bonino show listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 47% off. Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 47% off for a limited time. I like that. 47. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout, that's shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 47% off Support an American company. Invest in yourself. Get the best night's sleep. If you're not night tonight, Check it out. Beam. Thank you Beam.


So you asked for it, the segment on life acts here are all my tricks. Post-cancer, arthritis, all the other crap I'm dealing with to try and to stay young. I haven't got more feedback on a radio segment ever thinking about maybe a health and fitness podcast later. So here it is. Check it out. So I committed myself to health and fitness years ago, but I really doubled down on it after I had recovered from the cancer treatment and said, I'm not taking any more chances, folks, it's simply not worth it to me anymore to live an unhealthy lifestyle. I've got two daughters, I wanna see them get married and I wanna hug my grandkids. I I just do. So this isn't like a cutesy time thing.


So we got into these life hack things 'cause Bobby Kennedy's a pretty healthy guy. I mean Bobby Kennedy's not young, he's got, you know, 20 years on me and he looks amazing. I mean he just does. And there's a way you can do that too. And I'm not gonna tell you it's not hard, but I'm gonna tell you it's not hard. You know what's hard? Figuring out complex physics equations if you don't have the IQ for it, that's hard. I was never a physicist. Okay? The only reason these life hacks are hard is 'cause people just don't wanna do 'em. Now, the reason I've never done this segment before is 'cause when I tell you everything I did and everything I do pretty much every day outside of Sunday morning when I take a break for my routine, I don't like to say it because everybody goes, that's crazy, I'm not gonna do that.


Then don't, I'm just telling you what I do. So let me go through, I get up in the morning between 5 45 and six. Sometimes the alarm goes off, sometimes it doesn't. The first thing I do is I use a hydrogen water generator. I like the echo you, there are tons of them out there. Look it up. They're not a sponsor or anything like that. But I use a hydrogen water generator. I don't have time to focus on any one thing. Specifically. Hydrogen water has been great for me. It basically splits the H2O portion up. You get some hydrogen ions and it helps me a lot. I also use deuterium depleted water. I use a company called Lightwater, LITE.


It's not cheap, but there's some ev evidence I've read about its effect on cancer. So I put a, a big thing of deuterium depleted water and the hydrogen echo thing, I get some hydrogen water and I make a little mini protein shake the about maybe 10 minutes after I get up. I don't have coffee right away. I wait about two hours. There's a lot of evidence that waiting is better. I do. It works for me. Some of you can't get up without it. Trust me. You can just try. So I put whey protein in there. I use a few different kinds. Just I recommend that you get what you pay for, use a crappy whey protein and you're gonna get a lot of heavy metal. So I'm not gonna recommend to you a specific product, but I'm telling you right now, you pretty much get what you pay for.


I mix whey protein with blueberry extract, some cacao powder cacao, which is, it's not cocoa, it's cacao. It's a really, really potent polyphenol. I mix that with some pomegranate extract and some electrolytes. You can get use Liquid iv. There's relight. There's all kinds of 'em. The blueberry extract is just ground up. Blueberries in a powder, you can find it on, you know, wherever you shop. Walmart, Amazon. I mix it all together. Does it taste great? Eh, tastes okay. I don't really care. I'm not into tasting great. I'm into not getting dead. I guzzle that down the hydrogen water and, and then I go back into the bed for a few minutes. I lay down, I do my affirmations, take about a half an hour.


I chill. I then get up and get sunlight in my eyes right away. Big mistake. If you're not doing it, I don't have time. Find it. You need 10 minutes. You don't have 10 minutes. I promise you'll find it. I got a busy schedule. Find 10 minutes. Go outside. Take your shoes off. Don't step on any nails. Go find yourself some grass. Stand in it for 10 minutes and get some photons in your eyes. Don't stare at the sun. It'll blind you. Stare at the horizon, but get the light in your eyes. It'll reset all of the melatonin systems and sleep systems in your body and it'll get you back on a good solid circadian rhythm. Do it. You neglect it. The rest of this stuff doesn't matter. Then I jump in the cold plunge.


Unfortunately, producer Jim is there spying on me every morning. I, this is him. That's his video evidence. That is me screaming every morning. It's kind of weird because I jump in there naked. I don't know what Jim is up to. It's kind of freaky. Mike has really counseled him to not do that. But I jump in for three and a half minutes at 47 degrees. Listen, man, I'm serious when I say this. You better check with your doctor before you do any of this stuff because it is a shock. It never feels any better. It hurts like a it. It's not fun. I'm just telling you I have a serious problem and have my entire life with depression and the black cloud I, it's runs in my family. I've spoken about it before. I'm not shy about it.


There is, I don't take any pharmaceuticals at all for that. The one thing that cleans it up every day is the cold plunge. Jim, turn on your mic a second. Can you tell when I'm on the show and I haven't done the cold plunge? Yeah, I think I can. You can. You can. So I know because you said to me, did you not cold plunge because I'm usually depressed and I've gotta like have a couple extra cups of coffee. All right. I get outta the cold plunge and I work out. I do cardio. I do the arc trainer. I do about 15 minutes. I do not go crazy on the cardio machine anymore. My joints can't take it. But I do it with an oxygen machine. You do? Yes I do. But that sounds weird.


I don't care if it sounds weird. I'm just telling you what it is. I put the nose can on. I've got an O2 generator. I forget what the Elevate O2, I think the machine is called. It ain't cheap, but it's not like a buying a car and I do about 15 minutes of cardio with oxygen. Wakes me up. Okay? I then lift weights. How many days a week? I go six. You probably don't need six. I alternate. Upper body, lower body, very simple. That's my split upper body, back, chest, shoulders, deltoids traps, all of it. It takes me about a half an hour. I don't do a ton of sets. I do about 25 sets. Total, upper, lower, upper, lower, upper, lower every single day. When I'm done with all of that, I'd use an inversion table.


I have a teeter. They were a sponsor years ago. They're not anymore, but I still have the inversion table. It's literally an inversion table. You hang upside down, takes the load off my spine. It's not for everyone. I use it after the cold plunge. Kind of helps get some blood flow to my brain. Gets me going for the day because I gotta come on the air frosty every day. I don't have the opportunity here to come here and take a day off and go, eh, you know what? I'm just gonna take calls. It's not the way any of this works. I owe you a show every single day. When I'm done with that, I do my special concoction protein powder, which I always make the night before. The reason is I put it in a blender and too much air gets in there. So if you don't make it the night before, you are gonna be drinking a lot of air and you can only imagine what happens on the air when you do that.


So I make it the night before. I recommend you do too. Here's my concoction. Okay? I use whole milk. I don't use any of this skim crap, okay? I put in more whey protein, about three or four scoops, so it's a little thick. I put in the blueberry powder and the pomegranate powder again, although it's a little less effective in a dairy base for of the polyphenols. But I throw it in anyway. I break open a probiotic capsule. Florigen Nella makes good ones. I mix it in there at night. Let those good probiotics fester in there. I put a little bit of cilium husks in there. It's kind of a prebiotic. The the bacteria feed on all this stuff. I mix in some cinnamon.


I use cylon cinnamon, highly recommended, better kind. I put in some armor colostrum in there. Full disclosure, they are a sponsor. It has nothing to do with this. I've been using the product a long time. I put three scoops to that. I also put creatine. If you're not taking creatine and you're interested in health hacks, I strongly encourage you to look it up. Creatine. Isn't that from years ago? Yeah. The reason people still use it is because it works. Okay? I use a micronized, creatine, that's my blend. Mix all that up in a blender. I throw some frozen blueberries in there. I use organic stuff. That's up to you. I let it sit overnight. I then drink that. I give it about an hour. Jump in the shower, do my thing, whatever. I come out, I have a big glass of green tea.


I do not use tea bags. I don't want the microplastics. How do you do it? I buy organic green tea leaves and I throw 'em in hot water. And you know what I do? I strain 'em out. I don't put tea bags in my hot water. I don't want the microplastics. I don't think you should either. I mix in some dose DOSE. It's a cicu ginger blend. Takes care of my liver. I mix that up with some field of greens from brick house. Again, a sponsor, but a product I've been using for a while. I drink that. I then take a little bit of nattokinase, go to work, do my job, wrapping this up. I come home at night. I eat dinner. What do I eat for dinner? I eat the same thing every night. I have one of these three meats.


Salmon, lean chicken or steak or steak. That's it. I don't eat anything else. I'm not interested. If it tastes good, I don't care. I just wanna live. I've stayed ridiculously lean. I've got a six, six pack of abs at 50 years old. Ask Paula, she'll tell you, I don't care what you think. I'm just telling you the truth. 'cause I eat the same damn thing. I eat that and I eat a salad. What goes into salad? Avocado. I put arugula in there. I put shredded carrots, tomatoes, what else is in there? Onions very important. I put a little bit of shredded garlic. There's oh, beets. And then I mix some really good extra virgin olive oil and balsamic, and that's what I eat every single night.


And then when I'm done, I have a bag of these mixed nuts. I just get 'em from my planters or whatever and I just down the bag of mixed nuts as well. And finally, I take fish oil, a ton of it, like a lot of it, like an unusual amount of fish oil. I take about four pills of it. A ton of different good products. Carlson makes a good one. Bio test makes a good one. Flame out. Another great fish oil product. And then at night I'll typically take zinc, magnesium, Sparta to go to sleep. Apigenin, that's, those are all really great products. I've told you to look them up in the past. And I sleep like a baby for a 50-year-old guy.


I sleep about nine hours a night. That's crazy. My friend brags about sleeping four hours a night. Your friend's an idiot. Okay, I'm sorry. You sleep in four hours a night. You're half the person you should be. Go look up the link between sleep problems, diabetes, metabolic disorders, Alzheimer's disease, then get back to me. Go to sleep. There's nothing to brag about. Okay? Some people are genetically, I don't care. Get to sleep deep. Sleep. Clean your brain out. I'm serious. There are some people who are like superhuman and can do it. I promise you. The majority of people out there, that's not you go to sleep. There's nothing to brag about. Okay? There's my life acts.


I hope you enjoyed it. For those who don't think it was TMI, great. But I hope you wrote all that down. Finally, one more. Got a ton of feedback on this viral TikTok video. We pushed on the Dan Bonino TikTok page about the income tax and how it would work if we got rid of it. So here it is, folks. This is one of the most important economic minute and 30 plus seconds. You're gonna hear Jim Q up for me. Cut five. I really enjoy this guy's commentary. His name is Peter St. An ONGE. I highly recommend you follow him on X. He does these videos. They're nice and short. They're not 20 minute Ted Talks. They're, they're basically three to four minute videos on economics and everything I tell you about in economics, he addresses at some point I have this social security video he did.


I'm gonna try to get to it next week. But basically explains to you everything I've been saying when I get all the hate mail, when I tell you there's no money in social security, I mean it in a literal sense. There is no money. There's no such thing as a trust. It's fake. Okay? It is a bunch of IOUs. That's not this video. 'cause I don't wanna deal with the hate and people who tell me, oh no, there is, there's no money there. Okay? I I'm not, that's just a fact. The government stole it from you and spent it. I wish that wasn't the case. We'll take care of you. I'm just telling you they stole and spent it. But he has this minute 30 plus video here about the most serious economic proposal to come out of any White House. I mean, Jim, I would debate since the Reagan tax cuts in the, in the mid eighties, this is significant.


There is now very serious talk about potentially eliminating the income tax altogether. That the, the fact that that's even being mentioned in dc, which was by the way, heresy for swampy Republicans and Democrats to even talk about is so, such hardcore concrete evidence of the messaging power of Donald Trump that he can break through all this. That I don't what it's, but here he is, St. Ange talking about what would happen if we were to exchange an income tax. Basically, he'd work and take home all your money in exchange for a tax on imports into the country, what we would call tariffs.


I'll give you the math behind it afterwards, but this could be the single most powerful economic idea. Our economy would explode. I, I'll bet we would see five to 10% growth, which is crazy for an advanced economy. Check this out. Donald Trump is doubling down on completely repealing the income tax, replacing it with tariffs on foreigners. The left who uses the income tax to suck the blood from the American people on behalf of giant corporations and pink haired child mutilators are popping their little heads. Now, during the campaign, Trump had repeatedly mused, what if we just get rid of the income tax and abolish the IRS. The left was not taking him seriously because like politicians say all kinds of stuff when they're trying to get elected, but now with the election safely under his belt, Trump is not letting its go.


In fact, he's doubling down. And it addressed to a major GOP policy retreat in Florida. Trump ran through the history of the tariff, how America was much richer as a country when we funded the federal government, not off the blood, sweat and tears of the American people, but off foreigners in the form of tariffs. Of course, that golden age ended in 1913 with the left's victorious imposition of an income tax that was originally promised as only hitting the top 1%. But today, of course hits everybody. Now, I've talked about the tariffs for income tax trade off, but in short, if you get rid of the income tax and replace it with tariffs, you're looking at a one and a half trillion dollars net decline in federal taxes.


So you would need Elon's Doge to cut spending in return. You would massively raise income, raise economic growth and lower inflation. I've estimated the average American household would see something like a $30,000 rise in annual income. That's about 40% and it comes to about $2,500 per month. About half of that would come from the taxes. You no longer pay the other half from higher economic growth since we would no longer be taxing work or entrepreneurship. Folks, this is, this is a brilliant minute and 40 seconds, whatever it was. When you tax something, you get less of it. Let's just put out some truths to begin with.


Okay? This is a fact. It is not a jump in logic or a leap in reason. If you were to tax something, you would get more of it. I mean less of it. Excuse me. That is the entire purpose of the field of accounting. The reason people use accountants who make a significant amount of money and pay taxes is because they use accountants to engage in what we would call tax avoidance. Isn't that a crime? No, it isn't. No, it isn't. Tax evasion is a crime. That tax evasion is absolutely a crime. If producer Jim is forced to pay a Dan Bongino Show producer tax, however much you hate it and he doesn't pay it, yes, there's a possibility Jim could be arrested.


However, if there is another tax and an accountant says, you know, Jim, do you have a specific write-off for investments you made into audio gear to process Dan Bon Gino's audio content, right? So we can get you to pay less taxes because by law you can write that off. That is avoiding taxes, correct? Tax avoidance is that tax evasion? It is not. It is perfectly legal. Tax avoidance is a national pastime. Tax evasion is a crime. All of that would go away because it would be no taxes for you to avoid. Now, you have to ask yourself if this word to lead as St.


A says here for the average, say upper middle income family, let's say he says 30. Say it's 20,000 extra dollars a year, 20 thou. Do you have any idea how much money that is? There are people out there. That's their entire rent. There are people out there that's your car payment and then some 20,000. Where does it go? You know, one of the things I try to explain to stupid liberals about economics all the time is that cutting people's taxes, unironically has typically led to a dramatic increase in government revenue.


No, you got that backwards. No, I don't. Go and look it up. Look up the bush tax cuts. The Trump tax cuts. The Reagan tax cuts, and what you will see is government revenue has continued to go up. I thought they cut taxes. They did. So how does the government get even richer? Not that that's the goal, but it happens. How does it happen? Because folks, when you stick into people's pockets, 15 and 20,000 extra dollars, where does it all go? They don't burn it underneath the bed. You liberal dumb asses. They go out if they're a barber and they hire an extra barber, and that extra barber goes and buys scissors, made of steel, some of it which is imported, those imported steel scissors, the company that imports them is going to have to pay a tariff on the imported product from overseas.


What else do they do? They buy an extra razor. The razor company buys more steel. The steel company then has to buy more energy from American companies because American companies are using so much energy, they may have to import some oil or petrochemicals of which these foreign companies will pay a tariff. If you understand basic capital flows and taxes, you'll realize that when we tax an economy that's prosperous, you would rather 10% of a $10 trillion economy than 20% of a $2 trillion economy. It's not complicated. It's called freaking math mouth. Liberals cannot get this through their heads because they don't want to.


When Ronald Reagan cut the top tax rate from 70 to 28%, please look this up. I'm begging you because it'll make you look like a dumb ass and me look a lot smarter. If you fact check me, when Reagan cut the top tax rate on those evil rich people, you hate liberals from 70 to 28%. That's less than half percentage point basis, right? What happened to government revenue and what happened to the rich people paying the majority of the government revenue? The answer is government revenue nearly doubled from about 500 billion to 909 billion when Reagan left office.


No. Look it up. Dumb ass. Oh look, I'm looking it up. Dan Bonino is right. I am a dumb ass. I know. I just told you that I could have saved you the work and what happened to the percentage of taxes paid by the richest 20%. Surely it went down, right? No dumb ass. It went up. It did. Yes. 'cause rich people got really rich. I know you hate that. And what did they do? They paid more taxes. That's so crazy. That's so crazy. Why am I so stupid? Because you're a liberal. That's why you're so stupid. I helped you out. You don't have to look that up. Am I telling you tax cuts always cause government revenue to go up?


I'm not. Am I telling you that the last three significant tax cuts, Donald Trump, George w and Ronald Reagan, led to significant increase in government revenue? I am. Am I telling you, you can actually look that up yourself if you weren't such a liberal, crazy person and you'd see I'm right. That's what I'm telling you. There's an article in the Washington Times. Look it up. You ready? Here, write this down. Don Dwyer. D-E-W-Y-E-R. It's from the Washington Times. I used to show it to liberals all the time. Put Don Dwyer Washington Times Bush tax cuts. You see it? Oh yeah. Look, there it is. Go about five, six paragraphs down where he shows you that after the Bush tax cuts, the government had one of the largest increases in government revenue in American history.


They did? Oh my God, that's so crazy. It's like I've been a ass the whole time as a liberal. I didn't know that. Yeah, you are. You're really stupid. I'm sorry. Here's the crazy thing. I don't want the government to raise more revenue because they'll spend it on crap and ruin people's lives. I don't, I'm not proud of the fact that tax cuts make the government richer too. I'm just telling you that's what is. So if you are a liberal, the greatest thing you can do probability wise is to actually cut people's taxes. 'cause you've got a greater chance of a growing economy. And even with a smaller percentage piece, the pie is so much bigger.


You actually benefit too, but you're too freaking stupid to figure it out. What St on just talking about here would be the most, the single most impactful tax policy probably in the United States history. Now, there is an issue. The issue is there would be probably a pretty immediate shortfall. I get it. Dan, you just said, I don't want the government raising li money. I don't, but I don't want seniors on social security screwed over. It's not their fault. The government wasted all their money. We still have to fund their military and we damn well better pay the interest on the debt. Or no one's gonna lend us money ever again. It's liberals and swampy Republicans.


Republicans too got us into a lot of debt. We are America. We gotta take care of our debt and I'm not gonna let a bunch of seniors die because they paid into this program and the government stole it. But if we could graduate this out slowly and get rid of the income tax and work on a tariff program instead, you would have a raging economy. But here's some numbers, just so you understand the math problem we're dealing with. It's from the Wall Street Journal. It's an interesting article. I encourage you to read it. It's called How Much Do Tariffs Matter? Don Luskin wrote it. Folks, the income base we tax in the country, the total amount of income we tax to get our money is about 25.079 trillion.


It's a lot of money. The entire value of imports coming into the country, weak could tariffs only 3.2 trillion. So you're talking about a fraction of it. So it'd have to be some pretty heavy tariffs. I'm just here to give you the truth, okay? I love economics. I think this could be the single most impactful idea to explode this economy like we've never seen before. But we've gotta be prepared for the math. We can't be like stupid liberals, okay? There's going to be some serious dislocation in the beginning, but it's a serious idea. I think we should consider it. Thanks for listening to the podcast. Be sure to check us out every day at 11:00 AM rumble.com/bonino.


Every weekday. The radio show's live at 12 noon. You can Check it out at bonino.com Station Finder. If you wanna find a station near you, please give us a follow on Rumble Apple Podcast and Spotify. We'll see you back here on Monday. You just Heard Tam Bonino.