
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino Welcome To Sunday podcast. This is our chance to play for you some of the best moments from the radio show and some great interviews during the week that you may have missed. If you ever want to check out our show? Go to bonino.com, go to Station Finder and see what radio station we're on near You. You'll ll love it I promise you We put I lost about work into the radio show. Check it out, But. before that, let me tell you about our first sponsor.


Hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Trust me, I've been There. I'm There a lot. So can just about feeling tired. The Next Day, it's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of beams. Dream powder and stuff's been a game changer for me. You. See when we're sleeping well We can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life There is that weigh in today. My listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder There Science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause Next Day grogginess. We don't like That, but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-Theanine, Apogen and Melatonin Help You fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up Refresh You. Wanna try It Beam's bestselling dream powder where Beam is now offering Bino listeners and exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when You go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at Check out. that is shop b eam.com/bonino or Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino


First up. Today we talk with Matt Walsh from The Daily Wire about his new blockbuster movie I. Think it's been rocking up the charts as one of the biggest documentaries of all time. Maybe the biggest it's called Am I racist have You Sen It. It's amazing. Really happy to welcome this Next guest to the show. He's now a famous filmmaker, I, I'm not sure I'm gonna have to ask him if You ever saw himself in this role. But he's had a a number of really big successes in this kind of mockumentary space where we just look at liberals for who they are. First There was what is a woman now There's a film out called Am I racist It is it's playing at, which is great in the local theater near me. It's an hilarious, hilarious takedown of the grotesque DE I industry.


Welcoming back to the show, Matt Walsh from The Daily Wire. Matt, thanks for spending some time with us. We appreciate It Hey. Dan, thanks for having me. Appreciate It Man. The movie Matt I. Gotta tell You man, I started watching some of the segments and it's playing in the local theater here, which has been very open to this type of material movies that You put out in Dineh and saw It. And it's It the trailer almost doesn't do It justice. I don't wanna take away from the I do You Mind if we just play a minute of this one interview and I want to ask You some questions about It I. Just want You Folks to listen to this one segment from the movie. Where is interviewing one of these DE I lunatics? This is priceless. Check this out. What's up With white people? Where do We start? Maybe reframe the question a little bit.


What's wrong with white people? I Lost about It has to do with, with cognitive dissident, which allows white people to feel okay about what happened. There's actually I lost about studies on Nazi doctors and how they re able to live with themselves. And it's not that much different than white Americans or white people around the world, right? It's the splitting of the self. And so You have this part of You That knows that they did wrong the shadow self and that You have to split That and You have the other self that's like, oh, I didn't do anything wrong. Racism, Why are You blaming me for what my ancestors did?


It's not my fault. Is Is racism inherent to whiteness? I would say, so I would say that we need to abolish whiteness. It's always been rooted in othering the other people who don't fit into whiteness. But when we look at white culture, the only thing about white culture is buying things and stealing things. Matt thi this is, this is insane. Abolish whiteness is It Is this like some kind of call for racial genocide? I mean She actually said That in your film. She did and know and I don't know how else to interpret It if you're gonna abolish whiteness. Then, what? What does that mean for the unfortunate white people who are You know embodying whiteness?


But that's also one thing You find in in the film. And if You listen to DE I grip in general is that they You know they are, they are, they're probably not gonna come out directly and directly say, let's kill all the white people. They use language like this. They say abolish whiteness. And there's a certain ambiguity to It because Then You ask, well, what exactly is whiteness? And they don't give You a clear definition of that. They, they, because they also want to, to make It clear. That, even if you're not white, You could still qualify as somehow a participant in whiteness if you're conservative, for example. So they use just, it's always this with the left. Every, everything's ambiguous and, and they can apply these terms however they feel like You know in the moment.


A a and it's like a euphemisms game. And I think the Left is comfortable with this because I I saw an interview. Forgive me I. Don't know where You, I've been watching your stuff and your follow-up. 'cause the film, by the way, Folks called Am I racist has been a runaway success I think you're already one of the top 10 documentaries, which is phenomenal, phenomenal considering it's a conservative media product. And if this was a liberal product, It would've made a hundred million dollars already. But I saw You say something in interview that these people aren't used to. Even mild criticism, Matt, that these DE I crazies would abolish whiteness and all this other nonsensical racist stuff that the second You subject them to even the mildest of scrutiny, they almost instantly collapse.


And I think You re saying how when You re engaging with these people pretending to be one of them, that You had to be careful almost not to be too adversarial because they just have never had anyone confront them. And You wanted to You know You needed some material for the movie. If I, if I remember correctly, I I thought I I heard that in an interview. Know that is know that's exactly right. That's Why You know the, the movie is an hour You know it's hour and 40 minutes long. But we're we're taking these interviews and these events that I attended That re hour, two hours long, right in real time. And in many of these interviews, We talked, for example to Robin DeAngelo, who's kinda like the godmother of the the DE I race hustle. And she's one of the last people We talked to in the film in real time.


It was like a two You know, maybe an hour and a half conversation. And about 90% of It It was just me agreeing with her over and over. You It was pr pretty, pretty torturous for me anyway, to just continually agree because You You have to make It very, very clear to them that You agree with them. That, That, they're in a safe space, that everything's okay. They're not gonna be challenged And Then, after you've set that stage for a long time, Then You can start to challenge a little bit. You can start pushing on these things, but they're just, they're so cautious about That because they know that their worldview is like a house of cards. It can come tumbling down at any moment, and that's Why. They don't, that's Why, they don't subject them. They, they usually don't subject themselves to any kind of scrutiny unless You can find a way to kind of coax them out from behind their intellectual fortress out into the open.


We're talking to Matt Walsh, the Creative Mind behind the Runaway success movie out now called Am I racist Folks, absolutely hilarious. Go Watch the trailers, you'll be blown away. The trailers candidly, don't do the movie Justice That. That's rare to say. That It, the movie is incredible. It's worth your time, Matt, one of the things that's always kind of troubled me amongst the craziness of the DE I business is the weirdest thing about the DE I business You Expose is that You think they'd be proud of It You know. In other words, like guys like You and me, like I'm pro-life from birth to, from conception, excuse me, to natural death. That's my stance.


I'll defend It. This is, we we're on 300 plus stations. Like that's what I've said. I'm proud of It. I'm happy to defend It debate, It, whatever tax cuts I'll tell You Why I believe in them. The weird thing about the DE I Grift is Robin DeAngelo. What did she deactivate her account at? Why? I mean You. Let her speak her mind. You agreed with her. You weren't rude to her, You paid her for her appearance. You would think this would be her great coming out moment. Like if the young Turks asked You to come on their show and a documentary and agreed to fairly edit It and You willing to pay. I'll be like, Alright, I'll consider It like I'm not embarrassed by It. What is with this business that the minute You let them talk, they're so embarrassed.


They run away on social media. Know it's very interesting Robin DeAngelo de activator accounts. The fact most of the people who are the promoters of this stuff who appear in the film have since at least deleted their Twitter accounts. Which is, which is very, very interesting. I I think that I think that is at some level they must recognize That. What they're saying is nonsensical. 'cause you're right, That for me or You, there's no embarrassment about what I believe. And of course, if I say what I believe, the left is gonna pretend that it's absurd and laugh about It. But I don't, It doesn't faze me because You know that it's true and I'm totally competent in It. Right? But I think that if You, if You recognize at least at some level, That, what you're doing is a grift, Then, Then There is gonna be some embarrassment.


And I, don't think I mean. Look, There are, There are true believers with the DE I cult. I mean the the people that are going out and buying the books and going to these seminars and all That kind of stuff. I mean these people I think are the Es They're the ones who have been indoctrinated. But the ones That are pushing It. I don't think That. They fully believe It I think there's at least an element of just cynical self-aware exploitation going on. Know I. I've wondered That too, because when You, as You said before, we're talking to Matt Walsh, the new movie is called Am I racist. Please Check it out. You know I. Think back to the, that, that that the grifter critical race theory guy, and he's on the panel and they ask him to define whatever racism.


And he's like, it's like racist. The racist stuff. And You know when you're describing something in a proper definition. You don't use the word in the definition. You don't. Other words like the define a pen. Well, it's a pen. Like device is not a definition. You just repeated the word. Again, these the, I've wondered that too. Like I I, like I said I. Think It. Some of them are true believers, but I think they're genuinely stupid people. I mean like low aptitude, low IQ people. But what bothers me the most is not the dumb people. We've always had to deal with dumb people. It's the mercenary ones. There are people out There who, who, who really understand that this is divis of like potential end of America stuff to sick racism against each other.


It's a very definition of racism. And they do It anyway because there's actual money to be made. they are as, as You showed in the movie, You know You pay these people for their appearances. They get paid to do this. Matt, this isn't free Know, there's money, there's power, there's influence to be to be found. That and, and nefarious people have known this for a long time. That racial division, resentment, suspicion, guilt, all these things are extremely profitable. If You have no soul and you're willing to profit off of It, which is also Why That, these people have gone outta their way to stir that up. I mean I. Think that, and We kind of show this in the movie too. 'cause we go talk to normal people also who are outside of the kind of anti-racist DE I bubble.


And what we find for the normal people is that they're not really thinking about most of this stuff. They're not obsessed with You know they're aware of race, obviously, but they're not, it's not a focus of their life. They're not worried about things like systemic racism. And I think that's the default position of most people in modern America. But for the, for the leftist race hustlers, that's a, that's a bad thing. That's what they're worried about. They need to come in and say, no, no, no, no. You You can't let this not be an issue to You because that's, that means that's less money and power for us. So they intentionally try to stir It up and unfortunately have had I lost about success in That regard. I think, especially in recent years, Talking to Matt Walsh. The new movie is called Am I racist, Matt. The website is I racist dot com. That's the website, right?


know, That's the website Am I racist dot com. They get tickets. Matt, last question. I'll let You go. You know you're a busy guy. You've got your own show. He has a podcast. Matt Walsh, a very popular one. You, check that out. How the hell did You not laugh doing That? I'm watching this movie and you're sitting There Stone faced with these lunatics. I mean in Saint saying the craziest the Moana thing where you're questioning the lady about if it's cultural appropriation to wear the Moana costume. How did You take a Xanax? Like how did You not just crack up with the stupidity of the answers in that You must have some phenomenal self-Control.


Control? Well I, part of It is I lost about practice listening to crazy leftists say crazy things. So It It takes I lost about practice and You get You know You get used to hearing It. And also also in the moment You know I lost about what they're saying. It's funny to laugh about It and it's funny in the film intentionally so, but it's also really disgusting. I mean what we just heard, the clip You played of the woman You know essentially calling for a genocide, right? So so there's that too. It's like that That, at least in the moment, the fact that I'm sitting in the room across from these people saying these evil, hideous things, it's actually easier for me to laugh about It now watching the film myself than maybe It was like in the moment with these people.


But one last thing Ali did, did anyone actually recognize You? Because it's not like your costume was particularly sophisticated. You put a man bun in I. mean It wasn't like You disguised yourself like mystique from the X-Men or something. I mean You just put know. And It wasn't even You. Same hair color know. Not exactly I know exactly A shapeshifter I'll admit that. No, well, no, but, but You know I didn't I recognized one time and We got kicked out and they called the cops because I made them feel unsafe even though I didn't do anything. But other than that, I, we didn't get recognized. I think That speaks to again, the kind of bubble these people live in where they, they You know if you're not in That bubble with them Then, they just, you're not even aware of your existence, which is a whole other thing.


But, but It It certainly was an advantage. That, we We able to take advantage of I. Can't wait for your Next project. know what is a woman runaway success. You're movie out now. Am I racist You can Check it out at Am I racist dot com. I really can't wait to see what your Next project is. You become kind of the go-to guy for this type of material. And It is so needed. I mean. Listen, I hate to cite Alinsky man, but he was right that You know the power of ridicule. He is 100 and these people have really ridiculed themselves. Matt Walsh, the movie's Am I racist Am I racist dot com to get your tickets. Thanks for coming on, we appreciate It. Thanks Dan. Appreciate It You got It.


I'm telling You, the Moana scene is one of the funniest things you've ever Sen where he's asking this DE I lady who's talking about how like weird It is that the Disney princesses are white. And he's like, no, no, it's good. My daughter Watch Moana, it's a woman of color. And the lady's like, oh, that's really great. Matt's like, but I got a problem. She wants to wear the Moana costume and it's like cultural appropriation. The lady's like, oh my gosh, what do We do? No one's ever posed that deep conundrum. God just Watch this I racist dot com. Worth your time coming up. Another great interview. But let's hear from our Next sponsor, First Genu Cell know I.


Wish these bags on my eyes would just go away. If that sounds like You every morning, you're not alone. Bags and puffing disorder. Big problem for millions of Americans, men and women. Till now. Introducing new gen cell skincare serum with plant stem cell technology for under eye bags and puffiness. Susan from New Jersey Road. I've been using genus cell for months. The puffiness around my eyes is gone. Even the crow's feet and small lines have disappeared and haven't come back. I love your product. Use It under my eyes, around my cheekbones, and on my eyelids. Sure You can have surgery to look younger, but Why on earth would You do. That with its instant effects. You'll see results in the First 12 hours or your money back I guarantee It. Order now say big on Genus. Sell's complete skincare package for a limited time, including genus, sell for bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects, all at about 70% off.


So You can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk-free. Go to genus cell.com/dan genu sell.com/dan. Order right now and get an extra discounted Check out and free shipping. That's jenu sell.com/dan GN u c.com/dan. Thanks Genus sell. Here's Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson. He's one of the good guys. Came on to talk about our shot to win a Senate seat in Wisconsin and Donald Trump in Wisconsin, which is important and this massive FEMA spending scandal. Listen to this, Senator from Wisconsin. He may have the record for the most appearances on the Dan Bonino show. I'm not sure. Senator Ron Johnson, thanks for joining us today. Hello Dan. Really appreciate You having me on to talk about You.


know our, our very real opportunity with the Eric Hub Day in Wisconsin. And also Lieutenant electoral votes for President Trump You. know Senator I Gotta tell You I I I I Never I don't I never fake It with my audience. I saw this coming for a while. Now I've got I lost about friends from Wisconsin, a Vita Duffy. Oh, Rachel, Rachel Duffy and Sean was a congressman. There Avita is a host on my network. They they know Wisconsin politics better than anyone. Her dad was obviously a Congressman You know You know him well. I You You are on the show all the time. Telling me about Wisconsin politics. We've talked off the record on the record. This is a state I believe being crushed by the inflation crisis being hurt by the immigration crisis too.


They totally get It and that your Senate race is competitive with hdi, who's an amazing candidate against frankly Senator your coworker There in the Senate on the Democrat side who's done nothing. She takes credit for Everybody else's work and has ever done anything is the least surprising political news I've heard all year You know, really in decades of being elected official I I don't know anything that Tammy Baldwin has really accomplished. I I really don't o other than she's gotten elected Great You know and You voted for all this massive deaths of spending, which is devalued our dollar and and created so much pain for American families. But know this is entirely possible. The these races, these statewide races are always close in Wisconsin.


The polls are just ridiculous. Early out You know far You know ahead of the election these are gonna be close. And what is particularly noteworthy right now is Tammy Baldwin felt she had to release her internal polls, right? Which know Donald Trump. Donald Trump is up by three. She's only up by two. I I can't believe there's gonna be that many ticket splitters quite honestly. But You know, she, she's obviously concerned this would cry for help You know Hey Democrats You know You guys throw tens of millions of dollars more in here so I can smear Eric Cey. And that that's really what is so grotesque about this. Eric Cey would be a fabulous senator. He's a serial entrepreneur.


He's taken his You, know his success, and he's created shelters for trafficked children all over the world. And yet Tammy Baldwin, her entire campaign is talking You know denigrating him, You know smearing him, lying about him. So he's gonna need help. This is entirely possible. Eric hdy.com. He needs small bowel donations. We can win this race, but he needs the resources to refute all the lies. And You know talk about himself. He, he conquered Ms. He had, he had Musculo sclerosis as a 27-year-old. He conquered It through diet and exercise. He's an extraordinary individual.


He could be a great US senator. We're talking to Senator Ron Johnson from a critical state in Wisconsin. The reason I have the Senator Ron, is not just about the Senate race going on. He's not up in this cycle, but his, his Democratic senator, colleague, senator know nothing Tammy Baldwin is, is because Senator I read an article in the Wall Street Journal. I mean can, I'm sure You probably saw the same one. It It referenced the fact That, yes, Tammy Baldwin, the Democrat running for Senate again in Wisconsin, bizarrely released a bunch of terrible polls. And I have a clip I'm gonna play tomorrow of Mark Halperin and Sean Spicer, where Halperin says, Hey man. You never do that. The only reason You release a bunch of bad internal polls is exactly what You just said.


This is a a cry for help. We're getting crushed here. And the reason I bring It up is in the same article, they say, listen, if Kamala Harris loses Pennsylvania, it's really bad. She's got probably a 90% chance of losing if she loses Wisconsin. There is almost no path There. It's, there's a 99% chance the race is over. That's how critical of a state Wisconsin's gonna be on election night. So W Wisconsin is the quintessential bellwether state here. I mean how Wisconsin goes I really think the nation goes. And again, what We are doing on the ground, it's it's ground game, ground game, ground game. We are encouraging Everybody to vote early bank that vote.


So That, all of our get out to vote efforts are gonna be directed toward the low propensity voters who will decide this election. So if You, listen to me in Wisconsin, vote now tell Everybody You know to vote early. You know instead of being down two, three, 400,000 votes because early, early voting on election day, we wanna be ahead and in Wisconsin, You could have miserable weather here. So You just can't take the chance. So vote early. And again, Eric H. Day needs support. Eric h day.com You know You got a national audience, please flood money in here. Tammy Baldwin of course has You know It taking advantage of Act Blue and the Smurfing, which Finally attorney generals are starting to investigate this way too late.


But I mean that's from my standpoint, a clear violation, a massive violation of the campaign finance law. Tammy Baldwin was taking advantage of That campaign finance violation. So we need t help eric h eric hdy.com And, and let's be clear too about this Senate race, the HDI Baldwin race in Wisconsin. If, if Eric HDI wins here and what would've been an upset a few days ago, but, but hopefully now I I think this is a tossup and I lost about independent political analyst feel the same way if HDI wins this race, we're doing I don't wanna get ahead of ourselves, but we're looking really good Montana with she, he tester. West Virginia is obviously probably a a f of accompli at this point.


Again, I I gotta get out and vote and execute. Ohio's looking a lot better with Bernie Moreno. Senator Johnson. We we could, and again, We gotta execute and bring 10 people with us. There's no excuses, no red wave talk. But we could have a three four seat buffer in the Senate and You know as well as I do. If we lose the Senate and Donald Trump wins, he's getting impeached on day one, they will make up another charge. Felonious MIE in the umpteenth degree, piracy on the open seas. They'll just make It up and he's gonna get impeached if we lose the House and Senate. That's just a fact. And it's gonna be useless to have won the presidency. Know It would be 100% nonstop torment, which is what he experienced pretty much in his You know First term.


So no We, we can let that happen again. We probably need a stronger majority 'cause we've got a few Republican Senator That don't always vote with us. So You know we, we We need a little margin of error would be nice. I don't wanna be operating with the the thin margin that the Speaker Johnson has had to deal with. So We need a larger margin of the house. We need a larger margin of the Senate. We obviously have to win the presidency. And You know one, one thing I always talk about here in Wisconsin is trickle up the elections. We We have made sure that we have I lost about Republican assembly candidates even in districts where it's gonna be difficult for them to win because they're out There campaigning hard like Eric Hub Day is. And when You vote for re one Republican down ballot, chances are you're gonna vote for people the top the ticket like Eric Hub Day like President Trump.


It's really the key to President Trump getting 10 electoral votes. So again, this is an all out effort. We have the ground game in place, we just have to execute It, but we need resources. Eric kday.com. Eric hdi.com is the website we're talking to. Senator Ron Johnson from Wisconsin Senator, I'm gonna switch topics here for a minute. I mean I'm gonna ask You for a personal favor here on here. It's more of a professional, not so much personal, but this FEMA story is the First time in my I don't know, 20 years intensely covering and being interested in politics where I have Sen government bureaucrats on the defensive about flushing our money down the toilet pole. I'm serious. I've never Sen anything like It It.


FEMA does this every time. And by the way it's Republicans and Democrats. You've Sen It we're not You know they've done It in the past too, where there's an emergency. Oh, We need more money. Well, what did You do with the money we already gave You and It Never. They go to Congress and they go, if You don't give us money, people are gonna die. I have never Sen a change in the argument as fast as I've Sen with this hurricane Helene and soon to be Hurricane Milton disaster. Where now Myorca when he realized they'd spent our FEMA money. And yes, It is FEMA money. Don't tell me about different pots, it's FEMA money on illegals. Now Myorca for the First time I've ever Sen is changing his story and he's like, oh, I I. Think we're good for now.


We may not need more money. I have never Sen that in my lifetime. Please as a professional, do not let this go We have an opportunity for people to look under the hood for the First time and see what destruction this government has done in financing illegal behavior over our own suffering. Citizens It is a freaking disgrace. So Dan You know if we win the majority, I'll be the chairman of the permit subcommittee investigation. I actually has stronger subpoena power and investigatory power than I had when I was chairman of the full committee. So I'm looking forward to It You know I will use those subpoenas to investigate this, to do the oversight. That's that's what you're seeing here. This is the culmination of decades of Congress advocating its oversight responsibility, allowing oversight and investigations to pretty much atrophy.


And the administration knows It and Then Then. They write these appropriation bills, thousands of pages. Nobody reads this stuff. No oversight that are so loosey goosey that It probably makes You know this siphoning of funds, this You You know transfer of funds from FEMA to illegal immigrants or to Lebanon or to wherever they want to go. It's probably legal because Congress on a bipartisan basis made It legal. We need to tighten up this entire process. Congress is so dysfunctional. That's also, by the way, Why I am strongly supporting Rick Scott as our leader in our conference. Hopefully the majority leader, he'd make an exceptional majority leader and We need the support of the public to pressure senators in our conference to vote for Rick Scott.


Know I I think he's the best choice as well. I really do. And my endorsement, whatever It means, I I think he's the best choice. I don't just say that 'cause I'm from Florida either. Senator You know you're not kidding because You have reached out to me multiple times. You have been looking into DHS Secret Service and the activities of this department for a long time. You're not a Johnny come lately, you've called me repeatedly about the Secret Service asking for subject matter expertise. 'cause you're so deeply concerned about President Trump nearly losing his life twice. So I You know you're gonna follow up and I appreciate that. Let me ask You one last question and I'll let, I'll let You go. Senator, I'm, I'm sensing a real generational shift in the Republican party. I I. I'm not prone to hyperbole on this. I'm the one telling people don't get into the red wave talk 'cause it's stupid and counterproductive.


However, I, I'm I'm doing It based on evidence, not just personal anecdotes from union workers. You know my brother's a union guy, not just personal anecdotes from friends of mine who happen to be black or Hispanic. I. I'm seeing It in polling data in in Fox News articles in CNN pieces by Harry Ton. We're getting working class voters, black male voters, Hispanic voters in numbers we've never Sen before. If We execute on election day, You could see a permanent generational shift in what the Republican Party coalition looks like moving forward. Know we have become Republicans now have become the party of the working men and women of this country. Now, I was at the Trump rally in Dodge County on Sunday and had a big group of UAW Union guys and they re enthusiastic, they re enthusiastically to support and vote for President Trump and Eric Kday and other Republicans up and down the ballot.


'cause they realized the Democrat Party is now the party of the elite, of the billionaires of the people who are using government to their own advantage to the disadvantage of ordinary Americans. So no It has been a ski shift in terms of who represents the good hard working men and women, the people that pay the taxes, the foot, the bill that's the Republican party now. And It has, it's been a complete change in politics. Know I've Sen, It Folks, Eric Huffy running for Senate Wisconsin an absolutely critical race. We can draw some money into that race. It will also impact the presidential race in Wisconsin. And as I told You, the Wall Street Journal, who is really not a huge Trump fan.


I believe It was There one of their articles. And they are insiders acknowledged. If Kamala Harris loses Wisconsin, There is almost no path for her to win an absolutely critical state. Senator Ron Johnson from Wisconsin always have an open invite on the show. Really appreciate You coming on. Thanks for your time. God bless You, have thanks for having me on. Take care. You Got It. Yes sir. Critic, absolutely critical state Folks. If I had a rank in, in importance, not the people, it's not a qualitative judgment. I, think You understand that electoral importance Right now, I would say Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan. We win Pennsylvania. Kamala Harris is in a world of trouble. We win Wisconsin, she's in a cosmos of trouble.


But I think PA's a only because there's more electoral votes. There's nine more. Michigan the same. She went Michigan third I I see almost no path for her. Had a great guest for You Next. He comes on the show often really passionate about the ongoing crisis in the Middle East. Lemme get to our Next sponsor, First


Hey. With the tax hikes proposed by Kamala Harris, 40% top income tax rate, 7% increase to the corporate tax rate cap gains on unrealized gains. And some studies showing she's gonna add $2 trillion, probably more, by the way, to a current $2 trillion deficit over the Next 10 years. You might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings tax sheltered and inflation inflation shelter. That's Why I. Trust the good people of Birch Gold Group. I've invested in gold for a long time. Birch Gold will help You assist You in converting an existing I RA or 401k into an I RA in gold. And the best news You, don't pay a penny out of pocket, just text the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, just information on how You can fortify your savings before the crazy really hits with an a plus rating with the B, b, B and thousands of happy customers. You can trust birch gold too. I do. I've used It many times. B-A-R-C-H. So do me a favor, text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free information kit today. Check him out, get the information, message and data rate supply. Thanks Birch Gold.


This is our friend Auburn basketball coach Bruce Pearl. He's also very involved in the crisis in the Middle East about the anniversary of the dreadful terror attack in Israel on October 7th. I got I lost about feedback about this interview. You're gonna wanna listen to It Alright. We've had this gentleman on before a couple times. He's always a great guest. He is the head basketball coach for the Auburn Tigers, but he's also very interested in the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. He, he, he speaks out publicly about It often We share I lost about the same, concerns about the issue. Welcoming back to the show Bruce Pearl. Bruce, thanks for spending some time with us. We appreciate It, Dan. It's, it's great to be with You. Thank You for the work that You do.


There's a lot going on in the world right now, praying for that folks in, in Florida and that folks that are recovering from the hurricanes in, in North Carolina. And, but yesterday was a tough day as It was the one year anniversary of a great Holocaust. Know It was and I You You know I. It's a kind of our ironic You know yesterday we have the anniversary, we're gonna talk about that. But You know in Auburn, obviously You know I have a family tie to Auburn. I'm There often You guys re actually in one of the original paths of Helene and luckily escaped I lost about serious damage. So when my daughter called me and said she was moving her car up into an elevated garage, I said in Auburn, and she said, know they re in the track too.


So You guys just barely, barely escaped. I mean Auburn's not typically known to be a extremely hurricane prone area. It's not Then, but You know, we're just, we're three hours north of the Gulf. And if You drew a line from Auburn directly south, you'd, you'd kinda run right into Panama City. And so it's, if if the, if that was ever the path It, Auburn, Auburn could You know, could be affected, but know it's been a know, it's, it's obviously been a difficult storm season. know, and just praying That that thing That thing dissipates a little bit. But You know, know You know everybody's trying to get ready. Likewise, my brother. So yesterday was the tragic anniversary of one of the, the most grotesque terror attacks in the history of humankind.


A bunch of demon savages slaughtered a bunch of innocents, raped them, killed young children. Did It and, and videoed It. Viv I mean Bruce. They re they re proud of this I mean this wasn't something they re embarrassed about. This is something they're proud of. So You think yesterday would've been a solemn anniversary for even the demon savages to take a break. But no, that's not what happened. We had protests up in New York on the one year anniversary of this terror attack with the river to the sea chance the N-Y-P-D-K-K-K I DF go away. I mean. What we're dealing with here is really demonic Bruce, this evil is real. And if we don't handle this and take care of this now, it's the kind of thing that's gonna come for all of us soon.


I I don't know. I don't know how we got here. I mean. How, how do we get this far to where You know terrorists are raping and murdering and celebrating You know You. Even think back to the Holocaust and, and the tremendous strategies of war in World War, I, I, I, I, I. Think even, even on both sides. Nobody, nobody celebrated too much of the killings. And You know, there's, there's lots of different stories of documentaries of, of many of the German soldiers, That re in the camps and performing these dastardly, these dastardly things.


Even they weren't celebrating It like we're seeing today. And Then on top of that, It isn't just the terrorists that we're doing the celebrating it's a American college students, it's, it's it's other Americans here who somehow are supporting Hamas or Iran or this, this incredible Islamic extremist ideology right here in this country. And I, I don't I, don't I don't know how we got here. But you're right. If we don't figure out and if we don't put a stop to It or don't at least address It, we're going, we're it's gonna become, we're gonna become part of It.


Well, we're talking to Bruce Pearl. He's the head coach of the Auburn basketball team. He is also very concerned about the conflict in the Middle East. Bruce You said something important, There, You and I and, and I can tell You the, the, the, the, my, my entire audience. I'm pretty sure I can speak for all of them. We're deeply concerned about both sides of the issue. Nobody is celebrating what's happening here. No one I understand. That There are innocent Palestinians, Arabs, Jews, all That have been killed. Nobody wants That, nobody, no, no reasonable objective moral person anchored in God. And faith wants That. However, the world is a difficult place. And as You know gold, my ear said, once You know we can forgive You for killing our children.


We can never forgive You for making us kill yours. We're in the same boat. Now Bruce There was a ceasefire on October 6th. The the people living in Northern Israel and at this music festival who re just having a good time singing and enjoying themselves who re raped and killed and beheaded had breasts cut off. They didn't break the ceasefire, the paraglider terror, demon savages did. It wasn't the Israelis that did It. It was the other side. And unfortunately that's the witch's brew of horribles that happened afterwards. It was started by them. That's just a fact. We got a huge wake up call. And We got a huge wake up call, quite frankly, Dan, to the reality that Israel has lived under since its birth.


Alright since its rebirth, obviously, because there's nobody living in their ancestral homeland longer than the Jewish people have have been living in Israel. Okay? It's where It all, it's obviously where It all started and it's You know anti-Semitism has turned into anti-Zionism. But Israel has been an attack to this day was born, thank God as gold Maier said There are Arabs. That love their children more than they hate the Jews. And that was demonstrated by Anwar Sadat from Egypt who made a peace treaty, perhaps even King Hussein, certainly the Abraham Accords countries, Gulf Arab leaders who showed great courage to be able to tell the maj their people, the majority of whom grew up hating the Jews and Israel 'cause of what they believed in the propaganda and the lies that this was the proper course for peace and prosperity, not only for us, but for the region.


Okay? But There was an, a segment of the population that was left behind in 1948. That never ever wanted to live with the Jews as neighbors. In 1948 when Israel was born 160,000 Arabs re There. Okay? Today, There are 3 million in that same region. There's been no genocide. Okay? That's just a bunch of crap. If the Palestinians re to get their own state, the capital that state would be East Jerusalem, how many Jews would be allowed to live in East Jerusalem? And the answer is zero. You wouldn't have a J that be able to go to the a whaling wall.


You wouldn't have a Christian that would be able to go to the Garden of Gethsemane. You wouldn't have a Jew that could go to the cemetery in the Mount of Olives. This is not a two-sided issue. This is a one-sided issue. And the reward that the Biden administration and, and, and the leadership has done is, is they've said basically three things since this war started. One, Israel's got a right to d defend itself. Well, no kidding, that's bold. Number two, they're calling for a ceasefire in a deescalation. Immediately Blinken asked for It the day after October 8th, right? Okay. And allowing the enemy to continue is this. And the third thing they keep saying as a reward for the, for the worst holocaust.


Since the Holocaust, we're gonna reward these people with another state of their own inside of Israel to be, to operate. This is, this is insane. And the United States has got to get off of That policy of a two-state solution. 'cause that ship has sailed. Bruce You know, one of the things that irks me about this, I I got a, a particularly nice email text exchange with Carol Markowitz, who's a wonderful friend of mine in Florida. She's a great reporter. And She said, listen, I just want to thank You for, for standing with sanity on this issue. And I said to her, I I appreciate that, but I really I don't need It. I don't mean That to be rude.


I I don't It. It's such a clear cut argument to me. And I can prove It to You because when I debate the issue of the Israeli-Palestinian issue with other Folks who take a different perspective, It, it's, it's the amount of ignorance on the other side is stunning. I I can't tell You how many people don't know that the Jordanians controlled the West Bank from 48 to 67. know So they could have established a Palestinian state. That's just a fact. I mean even the garbage Wikipedia editors know that's true. But they didn't. They they only wanted that when It was under Jewish control. And when, and I I say to them simple things like You know how many, how many Jews are serving in Arab governments as heads of state or on, as, as justices in in, in whatever failed court system they may have in I lost about these countries.


The the number's zero yet You don't have the same thing in Israel. And it's like they just respond with, well, You You know you're a Zionist and It, they don't respond with anything of substance I. Guess what I'm getting at is It, it's not a two-sided argument because one side has facts that may be inconvenient for You and the other side has nothing but like hatred and euphemistic talking points. Like they don't have anything True. But the problem is, Dan, nobody's teaching It. We're not teaching It in the universities. We're not teaching in high schools. We're, we're where institutions are staying institutionally neutral. And so where, where are people obviously You know, getting their information. And I'll tell You right now, right now we still have a hundred hostages.


Who knows how many of them are alive. But we are, we're still not talking about hostages every day. We're, we have four Americans being held hostage in Israel and You know You as a man in the military, okay? You would've been the First guy that would've been Sen me. I will go, we will find them. We're gonna rescue Americans. We're not gonna leave them There tell You right now. Biden could get those hostages out in one phone call. He calls the Ayatollah right? Right now. And he says, look, Israel's fixing to take out your nuclear and your oil fields. They can have them anytime they want. Okay? You, deliver those hostages back to Israel within a week or two.


If You don't, I'm gonna let Israel do whatever they want to do to You, You Watch. How quickly those hostages get back. We don't use any of the leverage We have. And, and and what's gonna happen. Next You know, it's interesting to see Natali Bennett come out and talk about the fact that they sh we should go get the, the nukes right now, or pre or President Trump came out and said, We should go get the nukes right now. If, if not now when? Right now. And, and and, and, and, and don't forget, president Biden has pledged like every other president, he's not going to allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon. Well, right now we have no influence. We're not using any influence or control over Iran.


They're doing whatever they want. They launched 500 missiles at Israel. Okay? So obviously when Biden says, don't they do, and yet we've gotta put, so there's two things to this right now. Let's say, let's say Israel does not go get the nukes, let's say, don't they? They don't set them back with a strike. That means the Next time. They, they Sen over some of these ballistic missiles. One of 'em could be nuclear and You know if that one got through, it's the start of World War III versus if they, if Israel really did right now with Hezbollah being depleted and Hamas be, and almost God went There and set the nuclear program back. How much worse off would the world be? How much safer right? Would the world be?


And as a punishment for Israel going ahead and doing That, what's the world gonna be more pissed off at the Jews all of a sudden they're gonna start to take a different approach than they're taking right now. It's interesting. Bruce, your point is Valid. It's an an interesting subject. Your point is a is a hundred percent valid. It It, it's accurate. And I think that's what drives the quote other side of the debate, which really doesn't exist. It's born in ignorance, absolutely crazy, but the way secret service and not military. But I, appreciate your point Bruce Pearl, you're a good man. And I gotta tell You You got I lost about guts speaking out You know the temptation and I lost about this is just to kind of sit back and let the world pass You by. But I appreciate You coming on the show and e expressing solidarity with, with civilized humankind.


We need It, we need people with influence who aren't necessarily politicians speaking out too and It matters. I'm getting I lost about great feedback right now, Bruce. Well we do. And I want our li I want your listeners to know that I'm working really hard to have another great year with almond basketball. We won the SEC tournament Championship last year. We've been ranked in the top 10 at one point in the season six outta the last seven seasons. And while my heart is distracted because I love this country, Dan, this country saved my family's life. I'm a Jewish basketball coach at Auburn, Alabama. Don't tell me this isn't the greatest country in the world and I will do anything and everything I can to make sure That, this country continues to stay great.


That, We have the freedoms. That we have and and and, and obviously I, I have a heart for Israel and, and the Jewish people because of all the oppression. I'm hopeful That, we're gonna come out on the other side of this and perhaps, and perhaps we're gonna be better than we are today. And I'm grateful that You You, You You have me on and, and let me share my thoughts. My, My brother. I'm with You, my brother and so is my audience. God bless You my friend. Thank You so much. Good luck in the upcoming season. It's not the last time we'll talk, but I deeply appreciate You spending some time with us. Bruce, thanks a lot. Thanks for what You do, Dan God bless You in War Eagle know Bruce War Eagle. We got, we gotta get the War Eagle in Folks. You can't no matter You can't You can't.


You can't miss out. You can't. If You know You know hasn't been helping us much with the football team lately. But It takes I lost about guts to speak out. Folks It does believe me, the temptation and entertainment and sports and elsewhere to just be quiet about things is pretty profound. So we like to have different voices on the show and We wanna make sure this week, even with everything going on That, we don't fail to recognize the tragedy that happened a year ago. On October 7th, here's another one of our fiery rants coming up. Next.


But First, our Next sponsor Helix slept on my Helix mattress last night. 20% off from Helix all mattress orders for listeners, how about That? It's a great deal to motivate You to take action and improve your sleep. Paul and I moved into the new house. We outfitted the entire house with Helix mattresses. The only problem is now we can't get people outta There 'cause they love the mattresses. We work hard and play hard, resulting in long days. So it's important we also get a good night's sleep to feel rested and refreshed. It all starts with a mattress suited to our needs. Listen, anytime You can personalize a product to fit your specific needs, you're gonna get a better product. Helix puts the consumer First in just a few minutes. The Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for You. So You get the perfect mattress from the position You sleep in your body type at unique needs. Helix will recommend a perfect mattress for You. Go to Helix sleep.com/dan at start Your Match today. As I said, they're offering 20% off all mattress orders. To my listeners, I sleep on one. Absolutely love it. Super comfortable. That's Helix sleep.com/dan HEL I X Helix sleep.com/dan


Hey. These tragic storms out There really demonstrate how much your government genuinely hates your guts. I'm m sorry to tell You that folks I ranted about this on the show got I lost about feedback. Check this out man. Does your government suck? I mean suck. I mean really sucks. We at no time we forget It, welcome to the school. All that ever Forget It Jim, keep the dump part in handy today. 'cause I'm not I. If You just got off the podcast You know what I mean. I am I'm gonna do my best to not incur couple million in FCC fines in one show. But your government just absolutely sucks. Like sucks. Like a like one of those. Remember those before All these stupid cow farting energy inflation production act regulation.


Remember when You vacuum, You used to actually clean things, those things? We had an Electrolux back in the day. This guy named Herb, her Herb, herb There name. Nobody was really named Herb name. He sold It. He sold It to us. He was the Electrolux salesman. Remember Electrolux? If You grew up in Queens, You knew about Herb came by I. I, forget his last name. It started with a J though and he sold my mom this really expensive Electrolux vacuum. And let me tell You something, that thing suck. You in hole suck You in hole. You could die if that thing, that thing was dangerous. It would be like in space. Like getting sucked through a pinhole and like being to one line of atoms right outside you'd, that's how bad your government sucks. Your government sucks.


Suck like this. There is no bigger suck anywhere on earth than government. It sucks. It sucks. Anybody is Jim You. Think the audience having a tough time picking up what I'm putting down. Folks might I being indirect. Your government sucks about Jim. Jim's like You a little on the fence about this. It is the most disgusting, putrid, feted sulfur smelling. It's, it's like Rick Wilson's underarms after a long flight. When You run into a JFK, I'm pretty convinced the dude does not wear deodorant. know I, don't know what's going on with That guy.


That's for another day. You all know the story. know I cannot emphasize to You enough. The level of suck your government is That. You have to give these idiots any money. I'm gonna exclude obviously our heroes in the military court system, which we need and some basic like intelligence stuff, which has all been weaponized anyway. But outside of that, your government sucks. Okay, Dan Why. Three minutes on Why. It sucks. I I. See this headline this morning, right Jim I. Sen It over this morning know, matter of fact, I had I. I was so bothered. I didn't even Sen over the headline. I Sen over a screenshot of the headline. Poor guy had to look It up, which probably didn't take long.


But still I try to save him the effort. Washington free Beacon. This is real by the way. These guys double check everything. If I ever Sen a screenshot by the way guys, general rule, just make sure it's real. So So they checked It out for me and It. Sure, It sure is real Washington free Beacon. DHS Secretary Mayorkas shops for Highend men's wear as mass power outages continue in North Carolina. I'm gonna up that headline with as dead bodies Keep showing up in trees in North Carolina. What's Myorca doing? He's buying a high-end underwear with the hammock pouch for his balls or something. That's what he's doing. He's out There shopping hammock polish to say I I. mean I.


May, may be tiny and all You know, but he needs a little, he's gotta get the high end You. know the underwear that are like $150 a pair. You You. know what I'm talking about. You. Ever see those underwear? Remember back in the day you'd get Jim the fruit of the looms. The tiny, tiny whitey. What was that? What was the 10 pack like 35 cents. That's what You wore. Because back in the day, that's when, that's when men re men. That's when that's bro, turn your mic on. That's all You need. What did We do, Jim, in New York, we left the house at seven in the morning, in the summer with a baseball glove. You stuck. It over the end of a bat, You leaned, It over your shoulder. You. If You had We re lucky enough to have a bike. I I really wasn't. My bike was cheap, kept falling apart. You walked to the park.


What time did You come back, Jim? 7, 8, 9 at night. 7, 8, 9. know, right? Where'd You drink all day? Fire. You drank from the neighbor's hose. You probably got a bunch of pbcs and Deadly compounds, probably Why. I got cancer later on. The fire Hydrant was open Fire hydrant was open. You put some water in your mouth, right? Whoa. Jim, what did You eat? You went, I ate a buttered onion bagel. It was like 25 cents at Tommy's Deli. You just You throw a beef jerky or a bag of chips. I Don't even know if I ate You didn't. Nobody knows. Nobody know. Nobody. I, I don't even know how I, that's when men re men. What have we got now? We've got 200 and close to 250 dead bodies from Hurricane Helene just tore apart the country, right?


And, and by the way, hundreds more missing. We've got Hurricane Milton getting ready to absolutely destroy one of the most powerful cities in the United States. Tampa and Florida. And what's my orca doing? My orcas isn't out buying fruit of the looms and, and drinking from the neighbor's garden hose if they re like know, but the most of em, they didn't even have a hose. He just turned the faucet they had outside their house. It was all rusty. He just drank from na. So what's he doing? He's, he's buying high-end underwear to cradle his nads. That's what he's doing. This is the read the headline You. Think your boy here is making this up. DHS Secretary Americas shops for High-End men's wear as mass power outages continue in North Carolina.


This is your government. This is your government. Is your government. You've got, so just in the last two weeks, we found out billions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars have been spent over the years on foreign aid illegals. FEMA's been nearly bankrupted by sending money for illegals who aren't even US citizens breaking all the laws. Now, when FEMA's needed, because I last time I checked Jim and they didn't change the name, right? It's federal emergency ma Emergency management. So they, they think it's for emergencies. Call me. But the government's You know what It is. Folks. The government's so freaking stupid that there's a real possibility. It has nothing to do with emergencies. The Federal Emergency Management Agency could oversee the SAT because the government's so dumb.


The government's so freaking stupid that there's a go. But I found out that That, they did get one thing right? They actually are supposed to manage emergencies. So that's Why. They call It and federally. So that's Why. They call It the Federal Emergency Management Agency, federal Emergency Management. So we find out That, there's a federal emergency. Jim is is North Carolina, Tennessee, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida in the federal domain of the United States. They are they that that, so it's not, it's not China, it's not through Duck Vietnam. No. It is, okay, so It is in There. So It is in the federal jurisdiction. And Jim, has There been an emergency in said area? Yes.


Massive emergency. And would It require some management? Yes. Okay. Okay. So my York Myorca, who's buying hammock pouch underwear to cradle his nads is out. There, he's, he's telling Congress Hey man, I I have FEMA underneath me in DHS and I need I lost about money. And a bunch of You know Republicans, me included and conservative hosts are like, wait, Why, do You need money to government stole $7 trillion from us last year in the form of debt and taxes. How could You possibly need more money? Where did the money go? Oh, oh, we spent It in Lebanon on the Taliban and we spent It flying illegals around the country to illegally invade cities. Oh, You did my ores.


We'd like You to come to Congress. I cannot come to Congress. I have to buy hammock pouch, $150 underwear to cradle my nuts. I cannot go. And, and and there's a picture. There's a picture in case You. Don't think he's shopping for high-End menswear. Someone took a picture of this moron. Someone took a picture of this guy. I Folks There was, I'm telling You I, how are You really? How do You wake up as a liberal? How I, I'm really cur, I'm curious. I'm, I'm curious. show me on the doll where they hurt You. Like how did You get to this point of damage?


Where You wake up and You really believe the government can do anything, right? can You tell me one thing Jim I. Think Jim and Avita, right? This was kind your show on Friday. Like lies. Liberals tell themselves. I was like, can You tell me one thing? This putrid feted cancerous mass, we call the government does right border. Nah, That sucks. Social security know that's broke. Medicare doctors aren't even taking anymore. That's broke. What else they do? Public education. Nah, I screwed that up. We're the worst in the OECD world. What about the northern border? No. Even the northern border is being invaded now as illegals are being kicked out of Canada. They're like I, just go to the United States. They don't care. Is There anything the United States government does?


Right? Anything? Anything? can someone name a single thing please? And just one thing, Jim, find one. Mike, come on. There's gotta be one. Just tell me one thing they do, right? Please, just one thing printed. Good. My guy know that is correct. The government does print money really well. You're correct. If they want money, they make That digitally appear. Ty split. That's a good point. The government prints money. They do That. Great. Good point Jim. I like that. It is, it's an actual skill. Now, I didn't say to Jim, good or bad, I just meant a skill. I mean You can be a drug dealer. You're a really morally inept evil person. But You can be a better drug dealer than the other guy because you're just the scumbag, right?


So You can be so the government's really got I didn't say good or bad. The government is really good at printing money. That's correct. That's what they're getting. So that's the one thing. Myorca my oris. So just to be clear, here's your government. You got President Biden on the beach, testicular, tanning with the Coppertone in Delaware. As entire towns are wiped off the map. Whole towns, whole towns, You, You can go look. Was It, chimney Rock, Asheville? No. You can go look at these places. By the way, I I, if You go to the maps overhead image before and after, there's nothing left. So you've got the president of the United States on the beach catching some sun, You know maybe drinking a mojito with Dr.


Jill. The world's most prominent neurosurgeon, right? He's sitting There, he's sitting There in his drawers. He thinks he's sitting There in a bathing suit. They're like, oh, Mr. Biden, those are actually your underwear. Did I get 'em from my, or do they have the hammock pouch? This other jerk wad is out There shopping for high-end underwear or something. And as people are dying, you've got Kamala Harris going on a sex podcast where they talk about like threesomes and stuff. No big deal. Folks Then. She's on the view with Sonny Hostin who's probably just five minutes away from an institution if Donald Trump gets elected. This is what's going on in your country right now. This is It and Then like, come on, Lisa can't get any more.


Oh, I'm not even done. I haven't even gotten to the First story yet. Jim, cue up for me. Come one. So Peter Ducey, who's the only actual news journalist in the White House press room, decides to ask Kare Jean Pierre a question yesterday, like, Hey Kareen We got a $7 trillion. Government You know that's kind of a lot. You're spending I lost about money. How is It That? Alejandro Maor is between episodes of shopping for quote, high-end menswear when he stopped shopping. Why is It. He's going to Congress asking for more money. I I, you're given all this money to Lebanon, to Taliban illegals. How could You possibly need more money? Watch Kareem Jean Pierre. Like a little child meltdown. This is There has never been a worse press secretary in the history of press secretaries.


I mean anywhere. I'm talking about like Baghdad. Bob is right now going, thank God for Kareem Jean Pierre. Everyone, no one else is gonna There are no troops in Baghdad. No one's gonna remember That moment anymore. There're only gonna replace It with Kareem Jean Pierre moments. Here she is storming off the stage because she's asked the question, how the hell could the government be outta money? You are already stealing everything we own. Check this out. What does It say About his values? There's not enough money right now for people, his values in North Carolina who need It. That's not misinformation. Wait, No. That is we Your whole, your whole premise of the question is misinformation. Sir, excuse what? You don't. Yes, yes, it's misinformation, which did is There Money, which I just mentioned right now.


I just mentioned. I just mentioned to You that we provided more than $200 million to Folks who are impacted in the area. And I just shared with You that people are deciding not to. 7 million people are deciding not to, not to wait. I Congress that there's not enough money. t help people in. We're about the SBA disaster loan. That's Money for people in North Carolina. And That's important. And people in North Carolina need That Con. Wait, this is nothing new right now, Peter. This is nothing new. Congress comes together. They provide money, millions of dollars for disaster relief. We're asking them to do the job That they have been doing for some time. Letter That, president Biden, some Sen to Johnson, Schumer and Jeff. The president's letter is not misinformation.


Would You agree? No. The way you're asking me the question is misinformation. There is money. That. We are allocating to the impacted areas and there's money There t help people who truly need It. There are survivors. Who need the funding. Who need the funding. You can't call A question that You don't like misinformation. I, They are not near Baghdad. Don't believe them. They are nowhere. This is silly Folks. I'm telling You Baghdad. Bob, his family right now is like, thank God for Kare Jean Pierre. We've got her now. That She. She has the cajones to tell Peter Ducey that his question is misinformation.


Yet every single point he made in the question is an accurate number from the Biden administration. Yes, She just Sen out a tweet about hundreds of millions of dollars to Lebanon. Yes, Alejandro Mayorca, when he's done with his high-end men's wear shopping, did ask for more money for fema. Yes, FEMA has given hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars to illegals. Corin Jean Pierre can't handle It. She can't handle It because the truth hurts. These people lie to You all the time. Why do. You take It. Why, do You take It. Why, do You take It? Folks. I only got 30 seconds before the computer probably cuts me off here. 'cause I'm already way late. If you're not voting in this selection, you're the problem.


I would never tell anyone a lot. Lot. Listen to my show, except for today. If you're not voting and you're just sitting this out, this show is not for You. I'm m sorry girl. Don't go away mad. Just go away. Like Motley Cru said, You are part of the problem. You are. If You are not voting and bringing 10 people with You and You continue to tolerate this, You are an accessory to this crime on humanity. These morons, these morons running our lives. Hey, thanks for checking out the podcast. Please join us every day at 11:00 AM You can Do It by downloading the free Rumble app. Or You can just go to Rumble dot com slash bonino. If You wanna Watch on desktop. You can also Watch anytime on demand. The episodes are available at your viewing pleasure. Thanks for tuning in. See You on Monday.


You just heard Dan Bonino.