
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, thanks for tuning into this special US Senate Race Sunday Special. You have to hear from these people. They're running for the US Senate. They're great candidates. We had 'em on the radio show. Many of these names, you know, some you may not. Let's hear from our first sponsor. First.


Hey, using the internet without ExpressVPN is like having a first aid kit, but nothing but not keeping it stocked up. What's the point? Most of the time you could be okay, but what if an actual emergency happens? How are you gonna stop bleeding if you don't have the equipment in the first aid kit? Every time you connect to an unencrypted network, any hacker on the same network can gain access to your personal data. It doesn't take a lot of technical knowledge to do it either. And to hack someone your data is really valuable. Hackers can make up to a thousand dollars per person selling personal info on the dark web. ExpressVPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So hackers can't steal your sensitive data in between. It's super secure and easy to use. You just fire up the app, click a button and get protected. And express VPN works on all your devices so you can stay secure on the go. Folks, it's important to me to use ExpressVPN. You know why? It's nobody's business with me and I'm what I'm doing online. I've got contacts, I'm dealing with other people. It's none of their business. It's nobody's business. Get ExpressVPN secure online data today by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino exp R SS ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. You can get an extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


First up today we talked about a guy I've known for a while. I saw a clip of him on Twitter in a debate where he absolutely tore his hapless opponent, Tim Kain apart in Virginia. You gotta listen to this interview. This guy's a really great candidate. It was a real shot in Virginia. So folks, it is critically important that we not just show up to vote in the presidential election. You have this phenomenon in elections called roll off. People roll off as you go down the ballot, meaning they'll vote for maybe president, governor Senate and then they leave the rest blank. That is a huge, huge mistake. The greatest may say, biggest tragic irony of that is that the elections at the bottom of the ballot are the ones where your vote matters the most.


In the state of Florida I'm in, we have critical constitutional amendments on marijuana abortion. These are critical issues that are gonna affect your everyday life. You have Senate campaigns around the country that could determine if Donald Trump wins, if he's impeached or not, because the Democrats are crazy. It is critically important we vote in these races and push these candidates across the finish line. I wanna introduce to you now a really electric candidate from a fantastic state Virginia. I know very well from having lived in the border state of Maryland, hung cow. Thank you so much for joining us. We really appreciate it. How, how's the campaign going? Just give us kind of a general outlay so far.


Well, Dan, first of all, thank you for having me on. My wife and I are huge fans and Virginia is energized. I've been all over Virginia and people are fired up and they want to go out there, vote and vote for Donald Trump and myself 'cause I'm replacing Tim Kane. This is Hillary Clinton's running mate, the other terrible Tim from Minnesota, right? Both from Minnesota, both are terrible governors and a number of November 5th both believe failed vice presidential candidates. We're talking to Hung Cao, US Senate nominee for the Republican Party in the great state of Virginia. You know, I am convinced that if there's gonna be an upset on election day, you know, we look pretty good. Montana with Shehe HDI making some moves in Wisconsin.


These are all Senate races. I'm talking about folks, we have Bernie Moreno in Ohio, but if there's gonna be an upset, there is something happening in Virginia, I think you're feeling it too. If you might. I don't wanna take away from your time, but this is technically not 'cause it's you. Anyway, I wanna play a quick clip of your debate with Tim Kane, an atrocious United States senator, and you really stood up for the US military here. This is amazing, folks. Listen to this. Check this out With when, when you're using a, you know, drag queen to recruit for the Navy, that's not the people we want. What what we need is alpha males and alpha females who are gonna rip out their own guts, eat 'em, and ask for seconds that those are young men and women that are gonna win wars.


Man, Hung, Cao. Let me tell you something. We have been itching for someone to speak plainly and candidly about the status of our amazing US military like that. I played that on my show and the feedback I got was from across the country. I really applaud you for speaking plainly and honestly. I know you're deeply concerned about our military. I, I am I mean. You know, the the military I mean that's the backbone of this country. I mean that's the American spirit. Remember in World War ii, every ship that was sun in Pearl Harbor were raised back up by the United States Navy, by by the navy divers and refitted for war, except for USS Utah and USS Arizona and sent back out to chase the same Japanese fleet that sanct them.


That's the American spirit. And then nine 11, we took the medal from the world Trade Centers and forged it in the USS New York. That's the military that says, you know what, you can knock us down but we'll never stay down. And I love this military so much because I love this country so much. I came here as a refugee from Vietnam and this country gave us everything. That's why I wrote a blank check up to including my life to defend this country. You, you really an amazing candidate. I've been following you for a while. You're running in Virginia again. We're talking to Hung Cao. I encourage you to look him up, look up his debate performance. There were a number of amazing answers on immigration and we can get to that in a second. But I'm pretty familiar with Virginia, Maryland politics in the region. I ran in Maryland, ran for Congress over there.


But you find yourself at Virginia events a lot because it's the same activists and everything like that. So I'm pretty familiar with the politics and the irony, as you know well, is people used to move from Maryland to Virginia. 'cause Maryland was dominated by Blue Democrat liberal politics. What happened under the, before Glenn Youngin Virginia had been become so red due to the, the, some of the northern portions of it that had turned really blue that people were actually moving back to Maryland that had a Republican governor under Hogan, Hung Cao. I'd never seen anything like that before. But I think Virginians have really kind of had enough of that. Glenn Youngin's done a lot for it. Donald Trump has done a lot for Virginia. I really do believe the politics of that state are changing.


I'm sensing something just like Pennsylvania. No, you're absolutely right. Dan I mean. Look, the same people that got us through this mess, a 30 year career politician like Tim Kane is saying, give me until year 2030 and I promise this time I'll fix everything. We're not buying that. You know, they got us into this mess. This border issue is, is a mess. I mean my family came here as refugees and we grabbed onto American Dream, but we paid back in full. But not only that, Dan, we waited for seven years for our citizenship and we're so proud of it. Yeah, you gave another incredible answer. I'll, I'll let you say it. I don't wanna take away any more of your time, but you were speaking about immigration during the debate with Tim Ka.


We're talking to Hung Cao Republican senator, Senate, Senate candidate in Virginia. And sir, it's, this is a really sensitive topic with me. My wife is a, is a legal immigrant from Columbia and passionately loves this country. Her mom is shockingly, almost, her mom is more conservative than Genghis Khan. I mean she did it the right way. And she feels like, why did I go through all of this and, and, and I mean her mom is just such an amazing story. I don't, I don't even like to talk about it 'cause I get choked up. It matters to me so much. Her mom is, I'm almost kind of adopted her as my mother, you know, used to sleep in a one bedroom apartment in Jackson Heights with her three kids, my wife being the middle child.


And she used to tell me stories. She couldn't afford any food. So because they would sleep heads tails on this one mattress. She could hear the kids' stomachs at night and it would, it would just eat her alive and it would just bring a tear to my eye. Everything she did. And she refused to accept any government handouts. And you know her, she's 70 years old right now. She's like a hero of mine. But her body's just beaten down from working at the airport the whole time and everything she gave for this country and to try to make this sick. Tim Kane, you know, Kamala Harris, Joe Biden argument now that that doesn't matter. And you shouldn't have to earn your citizenship and your place in this country and you should just walk across the border illegally to a guy like yourself from a family of immigrants who said, no, no, you come here fine.


Just follow the rules and will embrace you with open arms. This has to be grotesquely offensive to you. No, it is Dan I mean. It's just they're destroying this country and they're turning this country into what we ran away from. so I Think that, you know, you talk about how Northern Virginia is very blue. Well the immigrants up here are, are seeing the same thing I am. And that's why they're fired up. I was able to move a lot of the, the demographics up there. I ran for Congress in 2022 in the 10th Congressional district, which includes Loudoun County. I didn't win, but I moved that needle from an area where Joe Biden won by 19%. I took it down to 6%. That's why Tim came so worried. 'cause you know, that's always been a stronghold for them.


They just win Northern Virginia and it's done. But for someone like me to come in and move that needle so far over that scared the crap out of them. And not only that, if the south comes out, we've already won this race. I mean I've been in southwest Virginia. I was stationed, you know, for three tours of duty down in Norfolk, in the Hampton Roads area. We know how to get the people out there and that's why they're fired up. Yeah, we're talking to Hung Cao, a US Senate nominee in the great, wonderful, beautiful state of Virginia. Love it down there. Hung, Cao. I have been told many times by some people who are naysayers who hear about races like this, they're like, ah, you know what? It's just impossible. It's not gonna happen.


We're never gonna win. And I say, really, whether you like these guys or not, I, I like a couple of them. I encourage you to look up, the last time Donald Trump was on the presidential ballot, excuse me, first time 2016, the names, you know, pat Toomey, Ron Johnson. There's gonna be such a massive turnout in this election that anyone dismissing your race and going, oh, Tim Kane's been around forever. Whatever. Virginia has a history with upsets. I encourage you to look at House of Representatives race and a guy named Eric and you'll know that you have a damn good chance if you can poll Trump-like numbers and get people out to win this race. Now I I, I know, you know, these are, I don't really trust polling because polling is kind of garbage.


But you have any kind of internal numbers showing Donald Trump making a move in Virginia. 'cause I'm convinced if he makes a move there, you could be swearing in, in the US Senate. Absolutely. Because here's the thing, it's, it's about two to 4%, which is within the margin of error. And I'll, I'll buy you the biggest stake, Dan, at the biggest, you know, at Bruce Chris Steakhouse, wherever, if you find me somebody that's gonna, if you're gonna find me somebody that's gonna vote for Donald Trump and the same breath vote for Tim King, that person does not exist. So my numbers are Trump's numbers and we're surging Virginia. And if you don't believe me, then look at the early, you know, ballots.


Basically we have 45 days of early voting in Virginia and you know, absentee ballots are coming in. We are doubling what we did in 2024. Republican wise. We are closing the gap. It used to be leaning 40% Democrat, where, you know, we win on election day, but then they bring in all the early votes and then we lose because they had 40% more. Well now we're teetering between 12 and 14% every day, Folks. And why you ought to remember too, we're talking to Hung Cow. And by the way, I you're saying, damn, why do you keep repeating his name? 'cause ladies and gentlemen, everything I do, I do for a reason, name ID is a very big thing. This is a good candidate. I really want you to make sure that you tattoo his name on your brain so you don't forget it.


I want the whole country to remember this. By the way, what's your website? Put it out clearly so the audience can go check you out. I don't wanna, before I ask the next question, go with that. It's Hung for Va Hung for va. So it's H-U-N-G-F-O-R va.com I mean, look, you may not be able to vote for me, but I'll vote for you 'cause my vote in the Senate will, you know, thwart all this crazy leftist communist socialist agenda. True. That's a fact. That vote is a national vote even though it's in the state of Virginia. Last question, I'll let you go. We're talking to Hung Cao. The, the, the buffer is important. There are a couple of US senators, it's not important who they are now, but everyone can figure it out. One rhymes with smi sm Kowski.


There are other people out there who are not reliable Republican votes. It's, we're laughing, but you know, it's true. And winning the Senate's not enough. Yes, the Tester Sheehy race looks good. Great. Don't get cocky, but it looks good. Moreno looks good. We get it. West Virginia looks good for us. We understand it's not enough. If we wind up with 51 or 52 Lisa Murkowski, who has a history as a fake Republican of voting against us, it's gonna screw us over. We need a couple more races. We need either Larry Hogan, who's not typically a reliable Republican, but I'd rather have him the alternative. Or we need a race like yours in Virginia.


It is critical. We have that essential conservative vote buffer. We could be in a lot of trouble even if we do win the Senate. No, you're absolutely right, Dan I mean, you're, you're gonna need people that believe in the Constitution that have put their lives on the line to defend this country. And the constitution I've done for 25 years in Navy special operations fighting in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia. I'm not gonna let this country turn into what I ran away from over my dead body. By the way, you are a very skilled debater. I've done a lot of political debates and not just running for office, but you know, on tv and it's not easy. You have to obviously be able to think on your feet and man, that answer about the military, I just played I mean just slice through and it's one of those sound bites.


I heard it The, Next Day. And I said, Jim, did I not text you right? I said, get this guy on the show stat. His website hung for va H-U-N-G-F-O-R-V a.com. Hung Cao, GOP nominee in the great state of Virginia. Go check 'em out, spread the word. Tell your Virginia friends to vote, send 'em a few bucks. If you got it, it'd be really helpful. We'll try to have you back on before election day. I really believe you got a shot here and thanks for your time today. Thank you Dan. You're the best. You got it brother. Hey, we're on in WMAL. It is an absolute blowtorch station in Washington DC Simulcast on FM am it is a huge monster signal.


Everyone in our WMAL audience, everyone across the country, these candidates are important. Go watch this guy's debate. You know, IIII don't, I don't know 'em personally. We've never had coffee together. I'm just telling you, we're gonna need people who can walk the walk and talk the talk. It is not a good enough to win with 51 seats in the Senate. We may, we could lose the whole thing though. No one should get cocky about any of this. We're gonna need an upset somewhere. It's gonna have to happen. Is it Sam Brown? Is it H Cow? I don't know. But we need it because we need a buffer coming up. Another great interview, but let's hear from our next sponsor.


There's a lot at stake in this upcoming election. But regardless of who's sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy's already been lit. Four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide in our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it's like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. You don't have a lot of control over the election's outcome. But you can help protect your savings by diversifying now into gold from birch gold. For millennia gold has often stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals and global strife. And now it can help protect you. Birch gold, the gold company I use will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA and physical gold. And it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. In the past four years, inflation has seen increases of as much as 19% and the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence. Text Dan to 9, 8, 9 8, 9 8. Get your free info, hit on gold and trust birch Gold as I do to help protect your savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply paid for by Birch Gold.


Eric H's. A great candidate in Wisconsin. He can defeat Tammy Baldwin. We need to support these guys and these women running out there. Got a real shot, check this interview out. I promise you, for the next 19 days, this is gonna be the home for you where you're gonna learn about other candidates down ballot. Who we need to be supporting folks Donald Trump winning by himself and losing the house and the Senate candidly does us no good. You'd have to rely exclusively on executive orders. He'll be impeached for piracy on the open seas or some ridiculous thing they'll make up. There will be no Trump presidency. It's like a quarterback with no offensive line.


It's just not gonna happen. It's gonna be like fetch. This is a guy I've heard a lot about in Wisconsin. This was a race that was expected to be competitive, but I think a lot of people put on a back burner. The polling now seems to indicate that this has not only become competitive, but hyper competitive. It's out of the state of Wisconsin. It's the Eric Huffy, Tammy Baldwin race. Eric Hve is a Republican nominee. It's a real pleasure to talk to him today. Eric, thanks for joining us. We appreciate it. Dan. It's great being on your show. Thanks for having me. You have run, from what I've heard from trusted friends. I'm not talking about swampy I mean, people who are real conservatives, one of the cleanest campaigns in a long time.


They're, they've been particularly impressed with your ability to absolutely stay on message. And here's what I'm hearing from Avita Duffy works with me over here. Her, her mother is Rachel from Fox and her father, Sean Duffy was a congressman there. They know Wisconsin politics better than anyone. And they've told me that it's really hard anywhere in Wisconsin to find Harris Wall sign anywhere that the excitement for not only Donald Trump, but Republican candidates like you, Eric Covey is very real in Wisconsin. Could turn back in our column. Look, if you drive our state, and I'm driving right now to an event, you'll see Trump and hub these signs everywhere. If this, if this vote was decided by signs, it would be a 90 10 landslide.


But look, I I I've been staying on the issues. Look, the people of Wisconsin have been hurt. Like everybody with inflation, we're crushing the middle and working class and the elderly talking about the open border, all the, I call it the rotten onion. Why do I say that term? Because the on an onion has many layers to it. You know, it's compounding the housing and healthcare problems access to both of those. When we bring in 16, 20 million illegal immigrants. The the crime issues. We, we had a, believe it or not, Dan, we had a mother and her daughter In, a small town of 5,000 people where Venezuelan gang member, brutally raped and assaulted them for over a day.


And we've had multiple incidences. And then I talk a lot about the fentanyl crisis. We lost 108,000 Americans last year, 112,000 the year before this poisons produced in China, brought to the drug cartels brought up over our southern border. It's the number one leading cause of eight death of 18 to 45 year olds. And then lastly, the humanitarian crisis. Look, I've been fighting against the sex trafficking trade for 20 years. I have my foundation with HD homes around the world and I've been doing a lot in this country. In fact, I funded something called spotlight of tool that all law enforcement uses to try to scan where young people are being trafficked.


'cause most of it's done on the internet and what they've done where they can't account for 300,000 children. And sadly I can say a lot of those children have ended up in the sex trade. So you know what they've done to our country. And then crazy things pushing, you know, for boys to play in girls sports and guys to go in girls locker rooms and bathrooms. It's insanity. We all know it. They've turned our country upside down, our morality upside down. As I say, I, I feel like I've entered into a bad episode of the Twilight Zone where what is right has become wrong and what is wrong has become right. We're talking Eric Huffy Republican nominee for the United States Senate in the state of Wisconsin.


Remember the name H-O-V-D-E. Eric, I, I have to applaud you for taking the transgender sports issue head on. You know, liberals wanna paint this as kind of a tertiary or quaternary issue. And it's not really that big of a deal. You Republicans are making a big deal of it. You know, it is a big deal. It's not just about locker rooms or low, that's bad enough. It's not just about a volleyball game, it's about a cultural shift and an attack on our objective values. You wanna live your own personal life as an adult your way. Fine. Well Republicans, we're the party of individual freedom, meaning you do you I do. Me, that's not what's happening. What's happening now, Eric, and you've been speaking forcefully about this, I read a nice Wall Street Journal piece about you a couple weeks ago, is that they're forcing this ideology on us saying you will essentially comply.


And we're saying, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's not our thing. That's your thing. You leave that in your zone of influence and I'm gonna do mine. And from what I'm hearing you going head, head on at this issue has really created a groundswell of support for you against Tammy Baldwin who of course is all in on the, you know, men and women's locker rooms thing. Oh, a hundred percent. Look, it's personal for me because I'm a girl dad and my youngest daughter was the female athlete of the year in the state of Wisconsin in 2017. She was a sir athlete and to Think that it, she would've had to compete against guys. Look, when I grew up, girls didn't have a lot of opportunities in sports.


And then I saw how they got all these opportunities. I thought how wonderful. And I love cheering my daughter on both my daughters, but my youngest one was just a freak athlete. And to see that, that we're attacking and destroying their sport and then to Think that they're trying to force through the Department of Education and the Department of Agriculture telling school districts, if you don't accept this and the change to Title ix, then we'll deprive you of your money. I mean where do they get off? The last thing I want is for our young girls to have some guy in there when they're trying to change or go to the bathroom. So yeah, you're exactly right. If you're an adult and you wanna do what you wanna do, go ahead.


But you know what they're pushing. And then transgendering, young kids I mean, look, we don't allow kids to get in a car and drive till 1617. We don't allow 'em to vote till 18 or join the military. We don't allow 'em to drink alcohol until 21. But we're gonna give them medications that fundamentally change their hormones and do a ton of damage or mutilate their body as children. It's insanity. And it's this time we all stand up and say we're not taking it anymore. So, you know, I've made it an issue because we gotta take this country back. We gotta get back to common sense morality and all the things that made our country great.


Talking to Eric Huffy, Republican nominee for the United States Senate and Wisconsin in an unbelievably tight race. Even liberal leaning polls have this thing within the margin of error. Folks, we've gotta vote down ballot. Do not forget, if you are in the state of Wisconsin and you are voting for Donald Trump, you have to fill in that bubble please for Eric hdi. We have a Democrat senate and a Democrat house. There will be an impeachment on day one for some made up charge. Eric, I know you're running a really good race because you and Dave McCormick have been closing a lot of ground in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania respectively. And there are attacks on both of you are the same and they're candidly hilarious.


The Democrat Tammy Baldwin attack on you. From what I've seen is basically, and I'm not making this up, that you're a successful businessman. It's almost like she's pretending Jim's laughing my producer, but I've read the attacks and I'm like, this really appeals to the lowbrow voter. The entire attack is like, man, this guy made money. And you're like, that's the point. Wait, you want a failed businessman? I don't understand. Like you want people in the US Senate who've never succeeded in business. You and McCormick, the exact same attacks that that's how I know they're really desperate and they really have nothing else. Look, you used a great sports analogy and that was, if President Trump becomes president and he doesn't have a house and Senate, then it's like a quarterback without an offensive line.


He is just gonna get killed and he won't be able to move the ball down the field. Well that, that is absolutely correct. Let me use another one. What do you want? If your quarterback for your football team goes down, I'm a diehard Packer fan. You want the very best quarterback you can find somebody who's been successful, you want the best. Don't we want people that actually understand how our economy works, how our healthcare system works, how our, you know, why we're short housing? How would Senator Baldwin or any of these career politicians ever understand any of that? You know, I, I have a real estate development company. I understand the problems of housing. I've employed thousands of employees. I understand the problems in our healthcare, which is causing cost to go up and access to go down.


I understand what we're doing by all this debt and we're destroying our country's economic future and, and the fact we're heading rapidly into a debt crisis. I understand how our financial markets work. She has no clue on any of this. And, and we so need people with expertise. Look, our founding fathers, what did they want? They wanted citizen legislators, people that had skill sets, be it a businessman, farmer, a a doctor to go serve a term or to make this country better and then return back to their communities. That's my whole view on it. I I would never have done this except my country.


The country I love is failing and I couldn't sit on the sideline and, and pass passively, just watch my country get melted down. so I wanna go serve for a term or two and then get the heck outta that swamp. Well listen, I really hope that happens. One more question and we'll let you get to your event. We're talking to Eric Hovde, H-O-V-D-E. He is running for the United States Senate in a critical state, Wisconsin, in an airtight race against a do Nothing senator who is known, especially in DC for taking credit for other people's work. Look it up folks. Don't take my word for it. She's done nothing. She just claims credit for other people's stuff. Eric, last question for you.


Public safety is gonna be a huge issue, especially in the state of Wisconsin. You got areas from Milwaukee to Kenosha. They're very concerned about safety. It's a kitchen table issue. Nobody wants to get robbed a home invasion. Clearly it's fairly obvious. The FBI it turns out today the numbers we said looked manipulated. They're admitting that today that the actual crime rates are in fact up and not down. And that was a fake talking point. You're out there all over the state campaigning in this critical swing state. I I'm convinced inflation, the border and public safety are gonna carry this election. And the good news is, candidates like you and the Republican Party were ahead on all three of these. Address the public safety component if you could. It's a huge thing.


And here I sit in a, a wonderful state where our biggest city, Milwaukee, that I have real estate properties and I love going over there for bucks and burrs games is one of the murder capitals of our country. And when I go into the black or Hispanic communities, what do I hear all the time? We need the National Guard called out. They're not safe. Sex trafficking is booming in Milwaukee. It's one of the epicenters of it. What, what do you think we're gonna get? The dumbest idea I've ever heard in my life was defund the police. Look what the left, pushed with that and then opening our southern border and allowing, you know, criminals and fentanyl to pour into our country.


It's insanity at its highest. And look, I got the endorsement by the Wisconsin Police Association and Milwaukee Police Association. I'm proud. I'm gonna always stand with the men and women in the blue. And we, we gotta stay, have their backs because they're out there, you know, putting their life on the line to protect us and to think how we turned against them is just disgusting to me. so I will always support law enforcement and I'm honored to have their support and we also have to get rid of these crazy prosecutors that put the rights of criminals ahead of innocent people and victims. So we need sweeping change.


You sure do. What's the website? Eric Hovde from Wisconsin. Eric ERIC, HV de HOVD e.com. I really appreciate everybody's help. You got it Eric Hdi, if let's get, get ahead of ourselves. Knock on wood if you win this and I think you've got a great chance. Don't forget about us all. Come on back and tell us how Wisconsin's looking. We'd really appreciate it. Thanks a lot for your time today. Good luck in the race. Thank you so much everybody. Have a great day You guys. Folks, I'm telling you that race is, I'm not gonna say it was unexpected. Tammy Baldwin is genuinely an awful center. She doesn't really get herself into trouble.


She just doesn't do anything for Wisconsin at all. Ever look it up. She only takes credit for other people's stuff. And then finally you've got a candidate going, Hey, what exactly is this woman done? And everybody's like scratching her head like she sponsored the people for Cute Puppies Act. And then you look it up like, no, no she didn't. No, she, it wasn't even her thing. She, she just takes credit for other people's work. It's hilarious. She takes credit for these things like she made them up and she doesn't do anything. We've got to vote down ballot. It is absolutely critical. Have you ever heard of Bernie Moreno, Bernie Moreno's running in Ohio. I interviewed him at the RNC and he really impressed me. Producer Jim and my whole team.


We got him back on the radio show. You're gonna love it.


But our next sponsor first folks, everybody's talking about those weight loss injections 'cause the results are really dramatic. They work by lowering blood sugar and reducing your appetite. It's really simple. But what if you don't have any, a lot of money for these shots? They can be expensive and you don't like injections. That's why Brick House Nutrition's doctors created a supplement called Lean, LEAN. The results are incredible. I can personally vouch I lost about 28 pounds on it over the course of a couple months. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar and help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet, only has a few pounds to lose the docs at Brickhouse. They created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. Again, I can personally vouch for it. People ask how I lost weight. That's how you can get started with 15% off today at Free Rush shipping. Add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit take LEA n.com and enter code Dan 15, Dan one five for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been value by the FDA. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Bernie's another candidate with a great chance to flip a seat in Ohio. Check this out. I told you, you gotta vote down ballot, you have to vote down ballot. You can't just show up and fill in the circle for Donald Trump and leave. You're not really doing Donald Trump a big favor by doing that. I'm sorry. Because what's gonna wind up happening is you had the opportunity to pull a Republican congressman every congressman's on the ballot, every congressman everywhere, every seat. They're up every two years. And a third of the US Senate is on the ballot too. Depending on what class you're in, it's the way it works. You are leaving a potential Donald Trump ally on the table. And if we lose the house and the Senate and win the presidency, Donald Trump is gonna be impeached on day one for what?


It doesn't matter. They're gonna make it up. Piracy on the open seas, felonious, mopey don't. It doesn't matter. They'll get Twinkies in there to make something else up. Here's a guy running in a race in Ohio that not only has a shot, but the polls show him tied. If not leading in a state that should not have a Democrat. Senator Ohio, which is turning Ruby Red. I've interviewed him before. He is a fantastic candidate. His name is Bernie Moreno. Bernie, thanks for spending some time with us. We appreciate it. No, happy to be on Dan. Thank you so much. It was great seeing you at the RNC. What a great week that was. Oh, it was fantastic. And man, did you tear it up after that interview? We got so much good feedback.


I think my audience of the feedback I got about your Senate race, where I believe I'm stating an accurate number, the polls, the aggregate polls show you either tied or ahead of Sherrod Brown, who I mean. He, he was to the left of Kamala Harris. What he's doing in Ohio, we can't figure out. But one of the things I heard that they really liked about you is your business experience, but the way you related the business experience to discussing government. A lot of people in business run for office, but they never quite make the connection. You seem to really get it. And where I wanna go with this is this storm response by the government has been pathetic. Bernie Moreno. If you are a United States senator and a business guy, you know you'd be fired if you were a disaster response company and you handled it like this.


What does the storm response say about this bloated bureaucratic government and how does a guy like you get in there and clean this mess up? Well it's, it's a total and complete lack of leadership. Dan I mean. The reality is they got their priorities backwards. They're thinking about equity inclusion. They're trying to figure out how to resettle migrants. Instead of how to take care of American citizens, they should have been on the ground immediately supporting people. This is what President Trump will do, is not only provide the leadership, but put to nomination people in his cabinet that will actually run these agencies efficiently, effectively as a United States senator, I get to confirm that person. Look, we're gonna do some great things for the American people that could be summarized this easily.


We're gonna put the interest of America first among all, and we're gonna use our taxpayer dollars to benefit American citizens Hard stop. That's gonna be the philosophy of this administration and this Republican senate going forward. We're talking to Bernie Moreno running for the United States Senate in the state of Ohio, a critical state. Bernie, how does a guy like she brown survive as long as he does in the state of Ohio? I mean real patriots. Listen, I live in Florida. There are a lot of folks on the west coast of Florida move from here, from Ohio. Some go back, it's, you know, they come back and forth. So when I was running over there in Florida, district 19, you meet a lot of folks. It's a amazing state.


You have really powerful, great cities, but it's turning redder. It's the numbers speak for themselves. That's a fact. It's turning redder and has been for a long time. It's not even so much a swing state anymore. How does a chameleon like Sherrod Brown, who is a devout leftist again, just look it up folks, don't take my word for it. Look at his voting record. How does a guy like that survive? As long as he did know higher What I mean? What's this guy's trick? He, he's running the same blo playbook and has run the same blo playbook as Kamala Harris. Look, Kamala Harris is a left wing lunatic that shouldn't even be getting 20% of the votes in this country, but she just lies. Look at her interview last night with Brett Bear.


They just lie and lie and lie. They don't actually ever defend their own positions, their own voting records. They just pretend they're for American energy. When you know they're gonna kneecap American energy, they're gonna ban fracking. They want us all driving electric vehicles. They want us to send hundreds of billions of dollars to foreign countries. They want us, they buy into this idea that guns are the ones that commit crimes. Not people. They defund the police, they disrespect the police. They're gonna weaken our military. They've made our schools a mess. They've made our communities a mess, but they don't actually ever defend their record or their votes. They just pretend there's something else. Sherr Brown's gotten away with that for 50 years dead.


Elvis was performing live in concert when Sherr Brown was running for office. That's how long this guy's been there. Talking to Bernie Moreno, he is tied, if not ahead in many polls in the red state of Ohio where there is a dreadful deep blue communist United States Center. My words, sorry, you don't have to, I'm just telling you that's who he is. Bernie Moreno. I read an article about two, three months ago sitting in a gym. I'm sitting there on that like vertical bench press machine. A fact you don't need to know, but I'll throw it in there. The guy comes up, he's talking to me and I'm reading this article about she brown and it said this is the first election cycle for this. A deep blue.


Really he's, he's like a San Francisco liberal in Ohio, right? That this is the first election cycle where working class voters in a lot of these Youngstown like locations and elsewhere, that huge majorities of them are now moving over to the Republican party. They're realizing they got screwed by the Democrats in Sherrod Brown for a long time. You are there, you are knocking on doors, you're doing debates, you are doing town halls. Nobody knows Ohio politics better than you. Are you seeing the same phenomenon that the Republican party is now becoming the staple party for the dirt under the fingernails working class crowd? Oh, absolutely. We're the ones that are gonna bring American manufacturing back. Look, they want to forgive student debt.


For people who went to Ivy League. Schools that learn about 15 genders we're the ones that say, Hey look, go out there and get a good job where you can have a home. You can afford a car, you can afford to raise a family. You know that you don't have to go to college to live the American dream. These, this party, the Democrats of today, the party of the left coast and west, east coast leftists that looked down on anybody who goes to work. Look, my opponent's a perfect example. This guy grew up wealthy, was a full pay student at Yale. And by the way, Dan, you ready for this one? Majored in Russian studies, majored in Russian studies and goes into elected office his whole life. He pre, he pretends to be a working class hero. How could he be for the working class and support 10 million to 12 million illegals coming to this country that drives up prices.


How could he be for the Green New Deal scam and be for the working class? I mean this guy doesn't represent working class Americans at all. And the reality is the people of Ohio are realizing that we're gonna kick his butt this this November 19 days. Bernie Moreno is the GOP nominee for the United States Senate in Ohio. Bernie, what's the website? I have a couple questions, I just wanna make sure you get it out. Yeah, it's Bernie Moreno dot com. We need all the help we can get. This guy raises obscene amounts of money, Dan on ActBlue, which you and I know is probably a scam, but he raised $31 million last quarter, 31 million in one quarter record setting amount. So Bernie Moreno dot com, we need all the help we can get. Dan, from your listeners And, and it's, and it's more no like M-O-R-E-N-O, correct?


Am I spelling that right? Correct. Bernie, but I'll be the good Bernie, I'm gonna rehabilitate the name Bernie In American politics. Thankfully you're the opposite of the other. Bernie. Bernie, he's like the bizarro Bernie from the old Superman comics. Bernie Moreno. I did a site early on, it was one of my first sights on the president's detail. Obama had just gotten into office and where'd I get sent the Caterpillar plant in Youngstown, Ohio. I was there for a couple weeks and you know, dealing with the community and the police officers that is working Class America, the Democrats call it flyover country, we call it, you know, home. That's what we call it. And I, I, I found the place really fascinating. I really enjoyed it. I was just kind of really getting into politics even though I was still working though in the Secret Service.


But I was finding politics fascinating. And it's been an area, like I said before, where it's trending red because the working class realizes it's been screwed over. But I'd like you to comment on this specifically. I know you're not running in Michigan. I understand that Mike Rogers is running it slotkin, but it applies nonetheless in working class Ohio. How is it that some union bosses, not necessarily union workers, matter of fact, definitely not. Union workers are supporting this green new scam transition to electric vehicles knowing full, well you and I both know this, that number one, they require fewer auto workers. So you're probably gonna use your job. It's basically a battery. Some wheels, I mean it's more complicated.


but you get the point. A gas powered engine's a lot more parts. And second, you're not only gonna lose your job 'cause it requires fewer workers, you're gonna lose your job because nobody wants them. They're sitting on lots. Ford is losing something like $60,000 a truck they sell. This is the biggest scam in America. If you are Caterpillar heavy equipment or a car company, this green new scam that Sherrod Brown loves is putting you and your family on the unemployment line. I mean that in the literal sense. Oh, absolutely. Well, lemme just give you two data points. Number one, Ohio produces more internal combustion engines than any other state in the country. So it's an existential threat for us. Most of our farmers, about 30% of their crops go into liquified fuels.


So this irrational move to electric vehicles is insane. It will hand our auto industry over to China. Look, share Brown wanted an electric pickup truck plant to go into Lordstown, Ohio. I tried to save the factory by proposing to create a ride sharing service called Cruise. We'd keep it there, we'd make the Chevy Cruze right here in Lordstown, Ohio. She brown fought for an electric pickup truck. You and I both know anybody who drives a pickup truck does not want it to be electric, right? They want a big diesel engine. They want the car to be able to haul and move, not worry about having to go charge your thing for 18 hours. Well what's the result? The electric pickup truck factory ended up being a Ponzi scheme and closed that.


Now, that plant that used to employ four, five, 6,000 union workers completely closed. The reason the union bosses support the Democrats, Dan is very simple. They're totally and completely corrupt. This guy, Sean Fain is the most corrupt UAW leader in history. And that's saying something. This guy gets bought off, paid off. He flies private jets and enjoys guide, knows what perks off the backs of the workers. The reality is the union workers are gonna vote for me. They care about the Second Amendment. They're not into this trans ridiculousness. They don't want to have surgeries on children to transition them, quote unquote, whatever the hell that means. They are gonna vote for me. They're gonna show out in a big way in places like Warren County and Trumbull County.


In fact, that's where I am right now, driving up the vote. We're gonna win here. We're gonna win Ohio. We're talking to Bernie. Moreno stands a damn good chance of being the next US senator taking over for a terrible Democrat, she brown in Ohio. Last question for you, Bernie Moreno, and it's Bernie Moreno dot com, I believe the sleeper issue of the race. And I had Eric Hdy from Wisconsin. I'm sure you guys may have met or you run in the same cycle. You've run into people, a candidate events, you have running a great race there as well. And this is turning into a huge issue in Wisconsin. This issue of of, of boys in girls sports and men in women's sports is an atrocity. It is the fundamental unfairness of it and the culture war.


It's not just about a volleyball game, it's about a bigger cultural war on objective truth in America. This is turning into the sleeper issue of the cycle. I'm hearing candidates coming on the show. We interview a lot of 'em telling me this is the first thing people bring up in town halls. You're out there campaigning. I got about two minutes left. Your general thoughts on that? Oh, absolutely. It's a huge issue because my opponent voted against prohibiting men from playing women's sports. He voted against prohibiting children from getting, getting sex reassignment surgeries. Look, Dan, I'm the, I'm the dad of two girls, a grandfather of two young grand babies. I don't want guys dressing in locker rooms with them when they're kids. I don't want men competing with them in sports. We had Riley Gaines out to Ohio about a month or so ago.


She tells a story about what she did, what she had to put up with, with Leah Thomas. That's just insane. And lemme tell you something, Ohio's a big sports state. We care a lot about sports and this issue is ridiculous. And the world is laughing at a Stan. The Chinese generals must be sitting there looking, God, what is going on with America when they're having this insane conversation? And my opponent is just a far left radical liberal. And this is the easiest way to show people how to touch. He is with Ohio Bernie Moreno, I feel really great about your race. I think you've got a damn good chance. If you wanna send him a few bucks, you wanna send some support his way. Bernie Moreno like Moore, no M-O-R-E-N o.com is the website.


Bernie, good luck. Let me tell you your appearance on our show at the RNC. We got a really, really solid amount of feedback. People around the country really resonated with that message you got. So thanks a lot for running. Good luck my friend. Keep us updated on the campaign. Thanks Dan. And let's get everybody in Ohio who's listening to go vote early. You can vote today. Yes. Go get it done, My man. Thank you. Thank you dairy folks. How many again? There's another, he's actually running. He doesn't wanna lose. He's telling you to vote early too. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound like a toolbox. I just, I'm not running. I don't need your vote. I'm not running for anything. I just can't lose this. We got a country to save.


Please go in person and vote early. Please, please. Ple. I'm begging, actually begging. No pride, no shame in this game at all. Please go in person and vote early. Thank you. Our final candidate next. But let's get to our last sponsor.


Ladies and gentlemen. The genus sell skincare dark spot corrector is back on sale with their amazing fall promotion. For a limited time, get the top selling genus cell dark spot corrector right now and help those dark marks and sunspots disappear right before your eyes. And don't take my word for it. Here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz, California. I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love this product. It reduces the appearance of the various discolorations in leaves my skin looking younger. Great, even at my age. That's right. Sun spots, brown spots, discoloration. Even red inflamed patches could all disappear in front of your very eyes. The gen cell guarantee is amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed or your money back. So take advantage of the Gen Cell Complete Skincare package, which includes also the classic gen cell bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects, all at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. It's simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. G-E-N-U-C-L genus cell.com/dan has a special gift. Every package includes a limited edition beauty box with two skincare essentials absolutely free. With your order right now. Jen, you sell.com/dan. Jen you sell.com/dan


Tim Sheehy is poised to beat swamp creature. John Tester, fake phony fraud tester in Montana. Can't stand that guy. Listen to how that races Jim. I got a new hero. You know, my childhood hero was not, you know, doc Gooden like Jim, who was a Mets fan. It was Don Mattingly, but I've had to replace him for now. Paul R says to me, sent a message to the show. Hey, Dan took 22 people yesterday to vote three trips. Yeah man, we love you Paul. Paul RI got your message. You're my new hero of the day. We're off to fun. Dan, you can't sing. I know.


Yeah, I suck. I get it. But I like it. So enjoy your life joy. Right? Kamala Harris says, it's all about joy. I don't wanna waste any time. I gotta get to this candidate 'cause he's amazing. Let me welcome back to the show, Republican nominee from the amazing picturesque state of Montana, Tim Sheehy, who is going to win that race? Tim, welcome back to the show. Good to have you. Thanks Dan. We're here between Townsend and Helen on the road. We're run a grassroots campaign. Let say we have been, we're gonna keep the pressure on for another 10 days. We can't let up. We're gonna win this thing. Tim, your race. Tim. Sheehy. I'm gonna say his name over and over so you remember it. This is an absolutely critical race. You may decide the Senate I mean. You literally may decide the Senate.


The seat bizarrely is occupied by a phony and a fraud. John Tester who claims he's represents Montana values as a Democrat. He does not. He's basically Bernie Sanders in fake cowboy boots. He pretends to be a cowboy when it's convenient. And I know you're doing well in this race, Tim, forget the polls. I don't pull. Polls suck. Who cares? All I care about is the election day poll called the election. But I know you're doing well because their attacks on you are hilarious. Their attacks are that you're a successful businessman with a career service in the military. And they've attacked your military service and they've attacked you for being successful. That there, there's no substance in it. This is the mark of a desperate campaign that is really struggling right now.


Well, I mean that that's what the D and Democrat stands for. Now it's desperate and deception. I mean this party is literally based on deception. I was just listening to the runup here, your program Kamala Harris talking about how Trump did nothing to secure the border and and, and she's gonna build a wall. I mean it's remarkable. We have lefty Democrats running like Trump Republicans now in a desperate attempt to hang on to power. And John tester's doing the exact same thing here. He's running a campaign of deception. He's desperate in these final weeks, slinging lies, slinging mud. And you know, this is tester's Mo, when he beat Conrad Burns in 2006, when he first got in the Senate, you know, it was a character assassination campaign with a made up fake scandal that took down Conrad Burns and let tester step in. It was all proved to be false. Later on he did the same thing to Ronnie Jackson.


He'll be here with us this week. Yes. And I'm so excited have Ronnie back. Ronnie's gonna be speaking truth to Montana's, reminding them that John Tester is a corrupt swamp creature who, who destroyed his career because he didn't want someone in the VA who was gonna hold the VA accountable. So John Tester is is part of the swamp. He lives there. He is. Been there for too long. And our campaign, we're having fantastic turnouts across the state. 'cause people are enthusiastic to take this country back. And, and as you correctly stated, this race will determine control of the Senate. And that is the most powerful legislative body on the planet. So it stands to reason that they're doing absolutely everything, anything, no rules to hold onto power because this is control of the most powerful legislative body in the history of the world.


We're talking to Tim, Sheehy, Tim, Sheehy running for Senate in Montana. A seat bizarrely occupied by Communists. Now, Tim, listen you, you're not kidding when you say how important this is because Senate seats and, and I'm folks, I'm not obviously talking down to anyone in the audience, but some may be new to politics. These are six year seats. They're not two year seats like the house. Meaning if Tim Sheehy is the next United States senator from Montana, that's the entire Trump term, and then some. So we get six years of an actual conservative Republican in the conservative state of Montana. But John Tester is a horrible human being. What he did to Ronnie Jackson. I don't have time here folks. You look it up after this is done. Ronnie Jackson's a hero and a patriot, a member of our military who was suggested as a possible VA secretary under Trump.


John Tester assassinated his character. It was disgusting. And I'm gonna tell you something else, Tim. I read a story in the Wall Street Journal this weekend about a company, a very successful company. He ran, I'm not gonna get into the details. You know the story better than anyone. They aggressively attacked your company, a proud American company with a growing business because your closing in and may defeat John Tester. The story was so disturbing. Even the moderate, even sometimes left-leaning Wall Street Journal was horrified about what they did to this business. Only because you're a Republican running against tester. Well, and what's more, Dan? It employs hundreds of Montanans.


It was an all veteran run business in our first year. Still a lot of veterans. And most importantly Dan, it's an aerial firefighting company. We fight fires. We literally put our life on the line to protect our communities out west. We risk our lives so that others can, can be saved. And exactly right, they, they, they just assaulted that company Bridger, aerospace time and again, but like you said, it's an act of desperation. Here. They know they're gonna lose this race. We're gonna keep running like we're down 'cause we have to run through the tape. But these are acts of desperation from a party that is cannot run from the fact that the impacts of their policies for the last three and a half years have been devastating to Americans in every corner of this country, of every socioeconomic class, of every race, color, creed, religion, doesn't matter.


They have been a disaster. And now they are trying to do everything they can to distract the American people. And here in Montana, the mon people of Montana, from the fact that John Tester and Kamala Harris and and Joe Biden's agenda has been a disaster. And, but they're, they're gonna do everything they can to convince Montanans that that tester's with Trump. And for Montana's listening, let's not forget, John Tester voted to impeach Donald Trump. Not once, but twice, two times he voted to impeach him. So in addition to the Senate being an important body, Dan, we always have to remember the Senate's also in the personnel business. Supreme Court justices cabinet nominees impeachment authority for the President. It's not just the legislation that comes through the Senate, it's the people that come through the Senate. And if we do not have control of the Senate, we're talking about more radical left-wing cabinet nominees, radical judicial nominees and the impeachment authority for the, the President.


So we've gotta turn this body for so many reasons. Yeah, we do. And folks, listen. You talk to any political analyst you trust, I'm not talking about the swampy people. I'm talking about people who are us, people who are on there on, on Twitter and the influencer crowd and people who really, you know, they read your stuff. They read. A Twitter follower with a thousand followers in Pennsylvania sees what's going on the ground. They will tell you, this is the most important Senate race, the one in Montana, because there's no reason for us to lose this. Donald Trump. I, the last poll I saw is up something like 15 to 20 points in Montana. If this very simple act happens that you show up to vote for Donald Trump, which I know the MAGA crowd will love you guys, all you've gotta do is fill in the bubble on, on the race down right down there.


Tim Sheehy. That's all you gotta do. It's that simple. It is an easy ask. And we win this thing in a route. Now Tim, I'm seeing this. This is what really upsets me about tester. This guy is a fraud. He's a genuinely awful, I'm not even telling you all the stories I've heard about tester because I don't wanna waste your time. He's awful. Now. Him, Bob Casey in Pennsylvania, another fraud democrat, Alyssa Slotkin in Michigan. You've seen this, right? They're now running ads pretending to be aligned with Donald Trump. Oh yeah. We signed this bill with Donald Trump. Trump. These people hate Donald Trump. They wanted him impeached. They wanted him thrown in jail. This is the biggest fraud I've ever seen. And I've seen it in Montana too with this phony tester.


Again, D stands for deception. Now I mean that that's truly what it is. The party tells you inflation is not real. It's just imaginary. When we're all looking at our grocery receipts, they tell 'em they're the most pro-energy party in history. Yet they've been waging a war on American fossil fuels. That they tell us that the border's really secure when obviously it's not I mean. In my debate with John Tester, he blamed me for the open border. Literally, Dan, he went, he with a straight face blamed me for the open border, even though this guy's voted for every single Biden Harris policy. So you're absolutely right. I mean they're all trying to run like Trump Republicans now because they're looking at the same numbers we are. The Democrat policies are sinking and they're sinking fast. People are rejecting this America last agenda. They want common sense back. And you know, they don't even care what party will give it to 'em.


They just want common sense back. They want a secure border, safe streets, cheap. Gas cops are good, criminals are bad, boys are boys, girls are girls. And that stuff was common sense 10 years ago. And that's what Americans want back. Tim, you, you laid out pretty elegantly why control of the Senate is so pivotal. We're talking to Tim, Sheehy, Tim, Sheehy from Montana, vote running for the US Senate. Vote for him please. I'm asking you bungee, you know army as a favor. He's a good man and we need it. But Tim, one of the other things you kind of hit, but I wanna harp on here, is control of the chairmanships on both the C. You're not running for the house, but the Senate and house side. If we lose the Senate, no We don't have it. Now, if We don't gain back to Senate, I should say, and take that seat in Montana from phony tester, right Democrat in Montana, which is crazy.


Can't say that enough. The they will have the chairmanship spots. You will see endless investigations into Donald Trump when the Republicans run it. Not only is that obviously not gonna happen, but we get to finally look into some of the corruption in the swamp and clean up this mess. If we don't win the Senate and we don't have those chairmanships, it is gonna be an investigative disaster. You're gonna see the Alvin Bragg case in New York against Donald Trump, over and over in a fraud cases with no victims. You're gonna see this over and over. Now you hit the nail on the head. I mean Trump has to win. But all of our Trump voters gotta remember, if he doesn't have a Congress behind him, the Senate on the house are not with him.


You hit the nail on the head, it's gonna be impeachment, it's gonna be investigations. They're gonna mire his agenda just like the whole resist movement. Remember what happened last time, the whole resist movement. They're gonna dig in and try to thwart his agenda with the deep state, with the media, and with legislators every step of the way. So we gotta have a clean bill of health going into 2025. And if we have all three, all three chambers, you know, the White House, house and the Senate, you know, last time we had it, we had the biggest tax cut in the history of the country and we had a sealed border. And that those things unleashed the strongest economy in a generation. So in just two short years, that's how much we got done with, with, with a a, a totally red house and and and Congress. So it's about time we do the same thing.


We need to deliver Trump a Senate and a house so he can get as much done as humanly possible in the four years he's got. We're talking to Tim Sheehy who is running through the tape as the Senate candidate for the GOP in Montana. Tim, I'd just like you to address two quick tactical questions and I'll let you get back to the campaign trail. Number one, please emphasize the importance to voters of down ballot voting. We have a lot of people who show up in both parties. It's not a Republican phenomenon. They vote for president and they go home. That is a huge mistake. These down ballot races, as you just explained really matter, but it's not just your race, it's a race for Congress. It's the race for librarian dog catcher. It's the ballot initiatives. It's city council.


You've gotta look up a voter guide, a Republican voter guide and vote down ballot. And second, please emphasize the importance of showing up in person and voting early banking that vote. So you don't have to go chase people. It saves money, it saves time. Hit those two things and then we'll we will let you go. We appreciate your time Now thank, thank you for emphasizing those. So I'm a first time candidate. I've never run for anything. Not student council, not city council, nothing. So this is my first, I've learned a lot here in the last 18 months. And as you said, down ballot races matter and that that that is everything down to your state representative, your state senator, your city council. If we learned anything during covid, it's that our local effect, elected officials do matter who holds our local officer from county health inspector, the county commissioner.


They can shut down your business, they can make you put a diaper on your face. They can make you take the jail, whatever it is. They have a lot of power. So do the research and vote down ballot because don't just start filling boxes or ignore 'em because there are a lot of people who do know and there's Soros funded groups that'll come in and they do know exactly who they want there. Oh yeah, Soros has been funding das all over the country. So early voting, vote in person, vote absentee. However, you can just make sure your ballots counted. We've lost very winnable races before like Nevada in 2022 because Republicans did not take the opportunity to vote early or vote absentee. We lost that race by a few thousand votes that we should have won and we wouldn't have have a Democrat senate now if we'd won that race. So get any way you can get your vote in, you gotta vote, swamp the vote, win by so much that any amount of fraud won't matter.


We gotta win by such a wide margin that we have a decisive mandate to save this country. Yeah, I'm glad you brought up Nevada 2022. 'cause I believe that was the snowstorm race. You're like in Nevada. Yes, exactly. A snowstorm on election day that kept people home and we only lost by a couple thousand votes. Tim, what's the website? If people wanna send their support, send a few dollars. Where can they find your campaign website, Tim, for mt.com. T-I-M-F-O-R mt.com. And go on there if you can send us five or 10 bucks. I know we're close to the finish line, but what that money does at this point, like Dan alluded to that is door knockers that that's people going door to door saying, Hey, have you turned your ballot in? Why haven't you filled out your ballot? Why? I have questions. Okay, they can answer questions.


Here's your voter information card. Making sure literally it's door to door combat at this point. Walking to people's doors, knocking on them, making sure they're getting their ballots in. So we have maximum voter turnout this election. Tim Sheehy. I, I hope and pray the next time we talk to you, it's a different status US Senator. So no one's getting presumptuous, no red wave talk, but I feel really good. God bless you, good luck. Get back on the campaign trail and reach out to us anytime. We're always welcome back. Thanks Dan. God bless You. Got it folks, that that, I'm not kidding that that's the race. There is absolutely no way we should lose the races in West Virginia and Montana as Republicans for the Senate. Joe Manchin and John Tester have absolutely no business.


Manchin. He's not running again, but Tester is being in those seats. Zero, zero. Hey, thanks for listening to the podcast. Make sure you Check it out every day at 11:00 AM live or on demand, anytime available exclusively on video at Rumble dot com slash bonino. In the audio version on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Give us a follow. See you later. You just Heard Dan Bonino.