
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino. Hey, did what does it, what do you mean? What does that mean? Justin, you haven't learned to decode my grunts and groans. I mean, you've been here the second longest amount of time. Even Michael knows what I'm Michael. You know what I'm doing, right? What He knows exactly. You, your boy here, right? I'm never gonna let You guys down because I I love you. I need some love in my life, right?


I love You guys and ladies out there, love. Did I not tell you JD was the guy? I know. I get it. This is not a victory lap. 'cause many of you were with me, but did I told you he was the guy? Trust your boy D bots. Trust me, I will not steer you wrong. What you saw last night Was The people's help. O macho man from the top ropes, superly, snooker, nearly hitting the rafters off the top ropes.


You saw the camel clutch, the cobra clutch, the big leg. What is that thing? The ultimate warrior? Does the body drop? You saw the undertaker. Is it like the tombstone or whatever? Have you ever seen a human being own a debate stage like Jay dle last night? Have you ever seen it? Have you ever seen it? I told you Trump. I've seen, yes. This is I'll, I'll say a VP debate. Trump. I've seen Trump on a debate stage too, folks, we obviously have a lot to talk about. And by the way, Donald Trump was right. JD of course had a debate.


Three people last night with those two losers from CBS, I mean, absolute losers who again, got fact checked while trying to fact check after saying they wouldn't fact check. Now you see why Trump doesn't wanna do another debate? Why would you, what is he gonna debate nine people next time.


Hey, you know I can't sleep without my beams dream powder. I needed that last night. I got an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. Go to shop Beam dot com slash panino. Use code bonino


big show. I got the clips you need to see. And folks get ready in the chat right now. Need an answer immediately. don, don't make demands. But what are political campaigns? If you don't know you listen to the wrong show. They are snapshots and sound bites. And if you're not seeing the debate last night through snapshots and sound bites, you're missing out. It actually, a little argument erupted in the studio, Michael and Justin, I had to restrain them both over this. There was almost like a physical fight. I had to call hr. You are hr, I get it.


Hey, it's time for you to be awake, not woke. Start your day with a hot America. First couple blackout coffee like I do every day. Had two this morning. Blackout coffee's an active supporter of hardworking Americans who love their jobs and love their country. The coffee is made from premium grade beans. Ladies and gentlemen, it is absolutely fantastic. Can't recommend the cinnamon French toast enough. The dark chocolate flavor's amazing to blueberry crumble. The coffee is premium. It is bold, never bitter. It is the official coffee of the Bongino army. They also have a ready to drink, which is fantastic. Skip the brew, go right to it. Be awake, not woke. Do me a big favor. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino and see what I'm talking about. They're the real deal. That's blackout coffee.com/bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to blackout coffee. You're gonna love it. The official coffee of the Ban Gino Army.


All right fellas, let's go folks. Trump was right. There is no, no more debates. He, they clearly now are debating the mainstream media. They're debating academia, the entertainment community, the sports community, and also the two hapless buffoons who were on stage. Harris and Kamala now went during their separate debates. Now it was funny because we came in this morning, Justin was like, ah, you know what JD won, but don don't. I'm not sure Walls did that Tur. And Michael, Michael said it best. Michael just nailed it. He did. What did you say, Michael? Michael's like, listen man, I had a work last night. I only got to saw it, see it in clips. Which by the way is how 99.999% of sentient beings in the cosmos are gonna see this thing.


And Michael's like, no way. Dude. Wall's got his ass kicked last night. That, that I said, You guys, did you do that on purpose? Did you set up the, are they like bunt? Was it a bunt? We rehearsed it. Did they rehearse it? Like let's impress Dan. Like they, you know, like this isn't that kind of work environment. Like maybe we'll get like a raise if we don don't know what they did. Did they coordinate this or something? Because I, I mean that's not how I roll at all these guys. They come in and they say exactly. The whole world saw the debate that way. Folks, the last night, I want you to remember soundbites and snapshots. Last night's debate was targeted at maybe And. I'm, I'm serious here. Listen to me.


Maybe a half of 1% of voters out there. I'm serious. The overwhelming majority of people have already made up their minds. There is, however, a small sliver of people who one will watch a VP debate who two were undecided and who three came in there with some significant preexisting obstacles to Voting Trump. It is small. Let's not kid ourselves. Last night was absolute destruction, but it was targeted at maybe thousands of people in a few swing states. JD had a plan. The left wing communist media absolutely viciously attacked this United States Marine.


This lawyer, this United States senator, this, this guy who proudly grew up in a, wrote a story about it called Hillbilly Elegy, grew up poor drug addiction in his family, raised by his grandmother. They viciously attacked him as weird. We, which coming from the left and wants to cut your kids' balls off. It was kind of a strange attack. 'cause no one on planet earth has ever called JD Vance. Weird. Maybe a lot of things. They've never called him weird. JD had one job last night. J D's job was not to make Tim Walls look stupid. Tim Walls did that all on his own. Trust me, that was not his job. It was not to go on attack against walls. That was not his job.


It may feel good, but that's only for us MAGA folks. We don't need it. We're already Voting for him. Suburban moms, the 0.15% of the voters have to unconvinced came away last night and said, holy shit, that guy could be president tomorrow. I promise you, none of them said that about tampon. Tim, again, Trump was right. Here is the first soundbite of the night showing you why serious American voters practically all hate the media. This is why the debates are over. And I'm telling you now, tell me in the chat if you disagree.


Yes, I'm right. No, I'm wrong. From now on, from this point on in every presidential election cycle moving forward, there should be no more debates on hack left wing media outlets, none. You wanna do a debate? You here's what we do. You get one left winger like a Rachel Maddow, and then you get like a Mark Levin. They're opinion hosts. Anyway, Maddow gets a question, Levin gets a question and they question the opposite guy. That's the only way we're doing it from now on. Here's JD. Last night after CBS said, we're not gonna try to fact check, try to fact check JD, who is smarter than the two morons running the debate and absolutely owns them so much to the point they have to shut the microphone off to stop him from speaking.


How do you think this looked to the 0.5% of people who are impression? You think this made the media look good? Check this out. Just to Clarify for our viewers, Springfield, Ohio does have a large number of Haitian migrants who have legal status, temporary protected status. Well, Mar Mar, but, but Thank you Senator. We have so much to get to Margaret. I I think it's important because we're Gonna turn out the economy. Thank you Margaret. Margaret. The, the, the rules were that You guys are gonna fact check. And since you're fact checking me, I think it's important to say what's actually going on. So there's an application called the CBP one app where you can go on as an illegal migrant, apply for asylum or apply for parole and be granted legal status at the wave of a Kamala Harris open border wand.


That is not a person coming in applying for a green card and waiting for 10 years. That, Thank you Senator Is the facilitation of a legal immigration. Margaret, by our Thank you senator for describing the legal process, Kamala Wem so much to get to Senator Up that those laws have been On the book since 1990. Thank you gentlemen. The, the, we wanna Have one app has not been on the books. It's since 1990. It's something that Kamala Harris created. Margaret Gentlemen, you're the audience can't hear you because your mics are cut Folks, how do you think that looked? Again, this is not targeted at Justin. He made up his mind eight years ago. Michael avita me or anyone. We don't vote Democrat like that, that we, we we're, we're good.


You've gotta view it through the objective lens of snapshots and sound bites and the 0.5% who frankly don't know what you know about politics, not their fault. They're busy working for a living. Look, PAC, wow, 99.7%. Thank you Pacino on the case. How do you think that looked? Where JD accurately states, that's all made up. That CBP one app they're using to fly people into the country. You can call it legal. All you want it is illegally legal. They're just making pe They're coming in going, yeah, just come in illegally, buy the app and we'll say it's legal just like Obama who said, Hey, we can't do this DACA DOPA thing.


And you know, and then he said, well, I have a pen and a phone. JD he was right. This is why we're not doing any more debates. So I'm gonna go back and forth. So that's a soundbite, a longer one. It was great for jd but I honestly don't think it was the best one. I'm gonna show you. It was great. He had so many good ones I had to pick. But I'm trying to think early for, for you know, do the homework here about what's gonna last and stick here. What's the Stockdale moment? What's the, you know that, that Dan Quail moment, you know Jack Kennedy when he got nail bows at Benson. I'm trying to And I think I've got it, but I wanna show you the snapshots too.


Again, who won the snapshots war? Michael came in this morning, he's like, I only saw it on highlights. And I thought the guy got smoked. Tim Wal tampon, Tim got crushed. Folks, if you just met him last night, tell me you didn't see Elmer Fred. You see a wabbit? Look at this cat, look at his picture. Do you have that picture, Fred? Here it is. Tell me this is the snapshot the entire night. Does this guy look like president? The president of the United States folks, you know, I knew a guy growing up. He's a hardworking guy. Used to sell to bread hotdog in New York to put himself from law school. He looked more presidential. His name was Mike. He was a nice guy. This, where was this guy?


You see how go, what the hell is, look at this guy ticket, right? That was the, this is the ticket. Thank you. Justin just did that as a, you got Kamala Harris looking like the teacher. Nobody could stand from third grade. And you got Tim Walls looking perpetually confused. Again, I'm not telling you like every snapshot from Trump and Vance was epic that they had the, you know, they would like look like Zeus with lightning bolts. I'm just telling you like in the snapshot wars, they keep losing. This guy is a goofball. Everybody saw he was nervous at the beginning of the bait and he kept making these weird faces and he does like the jazz hands gesticulations thing from bring it on. It's like, remember jazz hands?


They sell jazz hands. Yes, I've done, I have daughters. I've seen a movie many times. This the weirdest thing. This guy's the weird one. Nobody came away last night going, man, that's Tim Walls. I could see him negotiating with the Taliban for that. Nobody, nobody sees that. Nobody sees that. It was a mess. If you understand snapshots and sound bites, brothers and sisters, you are 100% with me. The guy is a numb nuts. I'm sorry. And I'm telling you that objectively I don't know him. It's not personal. I'm just telling you he came off nervous. I, I'll give you just one quick example too.


Anybody out there, radio host, local radio station, you have a podcast. I'm sure there's someone, if you are, put your name in the chat. I'll take a look. You know what I'm talking about. Tell me I'm wrong. When you were nervous on the radio, on a TV show or on a podcast, when you're nervous, the audience can sense it. I don't wanna waste a lot of time, but I'll tell you, the only time I was ever nervous on tv, only time was the first time I filled in for Hannity on his Fox show. I had never done a show by myself ever. And I'm walking in, it's right before Christmas and I'm, I'm in Manhattan, I'm at Fox and I'm walking in And, I, see this big fox building And it says outside Fox News. This is like don don't know. Seven years ago, six years ago, a long time ago.


And I'm walking in for the first time, it hits me. Holy shit man. You're gonna be live on the air in front of 3 million people. You f this thing up, you, it's on you. And it was the only time you go back and look. You'll see I was nervous. When you are nervous, people can feel it. Sorry about this story, but walls was nervous and everybody gets nervous with him and nobody wants to feel nervous about a guy who's a heartbeat away from the presidency. Listen to your guy. I'm not gonna steal you wrong, man. It was a disaster for Kamala Harris last night who now must clearly regret picking tampon.


Tim, clearly she had the opportunity to pick a Pennsylvania very popular governor in Josh Shapiro, who's bizarrely got a high approval rating for being a diehard liberal. And she picks this loser. Folks, this was really, really bad. I'm gonna prove it to you again. My arch nemesis, Geraldo and others, these are all liberals. He starts this clip out. Here's about a minute of the media reaction before we get back to the clips. 'cause I wanna set the battlefield. You think I'm crazy? Do you understand how bad the left wingers 30 days prior to a campaign in the media, just wanted to say, Tim Walls did good enough, did good enough, and don't hurt the election.


They couldn't even do that. That's how bad of a performance it was last night. Listen to these lefties tell you, Hey man, not so great. Imagine how bad it had to be for them to say this. Check this out. There Is no doubt in my mind, however, governor Walls did in terms of sincerity that Vance won this debate. Does Governor Waltz have a problem with the truth? No. And they were talking at one point, Vance wanted to correct something about how Haitians got into this country and he was right and the moderators wouldn't let him correct it. It's very interesting. But at the beginning, the two issues driving the campaign right now are Harris has a big deficit on the economy. Harris has a big deficit on immigration.


And Republicans were happy tonight and Democrats a little bit nervous that on those two issues, Vance carried it. JD Vance is much more experienced at this, at public speaking, at defending himself at pivoting. It's the audacity. IIII agree with you that we're in year nine and no one knows how to cover the audacity. The audacity is, is it is that someone should have said, stop it. Stop, stop. Are you effing kidding me? And they should have, they should have dropped that F bomb, right? I mean they should have just, are we, this is the debate. This may be the only chance people have to see the difference. Nicole Wallace is the biggest grifter in politics. Okay? The woman you heard at the end used to pretend to be a Republican while she was making money off the Republican party and the grift.


And then when it dried up, 'cause she was so grotesquely incompetent. Ask anyone in the business, Who knows her. She wound up going over to NBC. Do you see the word salad at the end? She's apoplectic because she understands that everything she's done in the grift to try to destroy Donald Trump, everything she's and to destroy JD Vance is starting to evaporate as Trump closes in on a lot of polls, takes the lead in others and their last opportunity to hit the 0.5% that could decide this election in Nevada and elsewhere. Folks, they lost it last night. The initiative was lost with the 0.5%. It doesn't mean the election is lost for them. Let's not get cocky.


But the debate last night, I saw a couple people, conservative friends of mine love him to death. But I'm telling you, the analysis was wrong. They were like, I saw a a. What was one guy wrote at IJ review? He wrote, Oh man v Vance lost the debate. He should have gone on the attack again. Your analysis could not be more inaccurate. They would, this was not designed for MAGA people. JD does go on the attack against the media folks. That's what he does. When JD had the opportunity last night to speak to that little sliver of people undecided, he did exactly what he needed to do. It was a perfect game plan.


I would've changed absolutely nothing. Now here is what I'm pretty convinced and time will tell is going to be the 'cause You've been locked up already. The Reagan Mondale quip about age, I think this is gonna be the soundbite that lasts. Tim Walls could not have answered this question any worse. Remember, remember this Snapshots and snapshots and soundbites, snapshot snapshots and bites. Just snapshots, snapshots and snapshots. Okay, but remember something else as well. One of my other golden rules of politics, the only, listen, listen. The only damaging political narratives to a candidate that are gonna cause real damage are ones that change your preexisting notion of who that candidate is.


Okay? If you are gonna pitch walls as the folksy, honest, outdoorsy farmer like Ag guy next door who understands Midwestern values, then you don't want 'em seeming like a New York, 1980s times Square, fake Rolex salesman who's always lying about everything. Yet folks, it seems like every little detail of Tim Wall's, not life that they brag about his military experience, his trips to Hong Kong, some Tiananmen Square hero, that it's all fake. It seems like he made it all up. 'cause he did watch this clip last night where he's asked a question about claiming he was in Hong Kong while the Tiananmen Square protests were going on.


Listen to one of the worst answers you have ever heard. In any debate, in any arena, in any space in politics on this rock we call Earth, check this Out. It's about trying to do the best you can for your community and then it's putting yourself out there and letting your folks understand what it is. My commitment, whether it be through teaching, which I was good at, or whether it was being a good soldier or was being a good member of Congress. Those are the things that I think are the values that people care about. Governor, just to follow up on that, the, the question was, can you explain the discrepancy? No, just all I said on this was is I got there that summer and misspoke on this. So I I will just, that's what I've said.


So I was in Hong Kong and China during the democracy protest went in and from that I learned a lot of what needed to be in, in governance. Folks Seriously up there with Stockdale when he, you know, couldn't answer a basic question why he was there. This has to be maybe the worst answer in a vice presidential debate. It's up there with Dan Quail looking like a deer in headlights. When he was, when he called out about the Jack Kennedy line, he should have fired back some bomb to, and he just couldn't do it.


Walls doesn't know what to do. And he hilariously at the end of this, at the end of it, hilariously after saying he lied, basically admitting it, I misspoke. Meaning he lied about being in Hong Kong during Tiananmen Square. Then at the end says, I learned a lot from it. You learned a lot from what dipshit you weren't dare you just said, you misspoke that. Am I crazy, Justin? He just said he wasn't there. I learned a lot from it. I'm gonna be like, you know what man? I learned a lot from that live stream we did for the VP debate last night. We learned a lot about the tech. Justin's like, bro, we didn't do it live stream. There's a number of reasons for that folks, by the way, but no, no, no.


I I, we learned lot, dude. We didn't do it. It was no stream last night. We, it didn't happen. What, what is he talking about? All right, I gotta move out 'cause I'm gonna get, you know me, I get yesterday, get caught up in stuff. And, I, love you. I got a lot more to get to that. My IMHO kids. That one's gonna be the takeaway. That was really bad and there's no way your undecided came away from that going, this is the next president. Oh could be no chance.


10 de SU's new movie Vindicating Trump exposes reasons the Left and the Democrats hate Donald Trump so much. The film shows you that they call him a tyrannical dictator 'cause they know Trump is the one Republican that could stop him. So they gotta stop him first. Check out the trailer for Vindicating Trump. It's awesome. Go see it. Learn how Trump's not only a successful businessman who rebuilt the New York skyline, but a cultural icon who can mobilize the people against the radical left anti-American agenda and Vindicating Trump. See how Trump fought the authoritarian regime in Washington and got things done for America, for the American people. The film highlights how they tried to bankrupt him with lawsuits and jail him with indictments. It's an amazing piece of work. It was even multiple assassination attempts on his life. But Trump's not unstoppable. Vindicating Trump reveals Trump as the one man who can stop the radical left from destroying which unique and good about America. It's an incredible film. Check out his leadership. We need it now more than ever. Don't miss The's new movie, Vindicating Trump. It's in theaters now. Get your tickets at Vindicating Trump dot com. That's Vindicating Trump dot com. Get the tickets today at Vindicating Trump dot com. Rated PG 13 maybe inappropriate for children under 13. Check it out. Really, really good movie.


Okay folks, here is JD again, doing what had to be done last night. Remember the snapshots and soundbites theory. I'm sorry to keep beating it up, but it's really critical. Even some of my own crew like, like they don't understand, like don't view it through your own lens. Here he is last night doing what he had to do. There are portions of America that are undecided, who are incredibly falling for the media, communist media, entertainment community, athletic community. They're lying that Kamala Harris is somehow a change agent, but no one ever asks change from what J D's job last night was to go and convince people who don't know this bizarrely that Kamala Harris is in charge. Now, the Biden Harris White House is a collaborative effort.


Biden just said in a audio video clip we played the other day that there's nothing he does without Kamala. They're in charge now. So if you are miserable now, which the overwhelming majority of Americans are, it is because of Kamala Harris. Here's JD pointing us out that saying, Hey tampon, Tim, you got a tough job here. How are you gonna defend this shit? This was glorious. Check This out. Honestly, Tim, I I think you got a tough job here 'cause you've gotta play whack-a-mole. You've gotta pretend that Donald Trump didn't deliver rising take home pay, which of course he did. You've gotta pretend that Donald Trump didn't deliver lower inflation, which of course he did. And then you've simultaneously gotta defend Kamala Harris's atrocious economic record, which has made gas, groceries, and housing unaffordable for American citizens.


I was raised by a woman who would sometimes go into medical debt so that she could put food on the table in our household. I know what it's like to not be able to afford the things that you need to afford. We can do so much better to all of you watching, we can get back to an America that's affordable. Again, we just gotta get back to common sense economic principles, I hope. Okay, is there a way you can just pause that video, don don't even care what point, just pause it at any point. Put it on a screen. Not only again is the soundbite. There is the soundbite incredible where JD played. Notice what the, what's the soundbite folks? Honestly, it's an interactive show. The soundbite is the Whack-a-mole part.


Things that you need to, he puts an image in your head because almost everyone out there, anyone play Whack-a-mole growing up. You grab the pad at Hammer thing, you whack-a-mole in the game. We've all played it at the arcade, the bowling alley. We all know what whack-a-mole is. So JD does this masterful thing. Leave that up a second where he puts an image in your head of whack-a-mole, and everybody understands what it is. You hit one, another one comes up, and then he goes out and lays out why he's telling you to think of Whack-a-mole. He's telling you to think about whack-a-mole, which we all know because all of your miserable problems right now are caused by the guy on stage, his running mate, Kamala Harris. You try to whack out playing for whack-a-mole playing for, you know, for for gas prices.


And then you finally get your tankful and now you can't buy groceries. Boom, you whack them all for groceries. You got a hundred illegal immigrants in your community committing crimes and, and you don't have Martha's Vineyard people to ship them out. You whacked Dad Mole and then next thing you got crime breaking out from the Freedom Fund. Let it rip Kamala Harris people who was by the way, the governor of Minnesota when the riots broke out and did nothing. Now look at a screenshot. The snapshots are terrible too. Who looks presidential and who looks like a freaking goofball? The answer is obvious. Folks, there's almost no screenshot we can take where JD doesn't look like a potential president and Walls doesn't look like fud.


Where's the rabbit man? Really? Rabbits? None. Almost, no. We could do this all day. This was an absolutely masterful performance. Now, I told you I was gonna bounce back and forth snapshots, soundbites. Here's a snapshot as well, another one. This is a little thing, but it matters. JD Vance again is a tech investor, a Marine, he's an attorney. He's the United States senator bestselling author had a award-winning movie about his life, a survivor of really horrible poverty growing up, grew up with drug problems in his family.


The guy is an amazing guy. Whether you vote for him or not is up to you. He's on the ticket. I'm just telling you, until you watch Hillbilly Elegy, don't, don't, don't attack the guy's character, watch the movie and then make an informed decision. What I'm getting at is JD is a confident, strong guy who could be president tomorrow and he does things just naturally, even little things. This may not seem like a big deal, but it was. Here's the end of the debate. JD does what he has to do. Respectfully shakes the guy's hand and j D's like, my mission is done here. Thank you. I'm out. He had his five paragraph order. He's a US Marine. What's tampon Tim do? He's looking. It looks like he's waiting for direction.


Play this video. He doesn't know what to do. Check this out. Important things, and that's why President Biden tomorrow is heading to North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida and Georgia the next day and Here we see the vice presidential candidates there. Tim Wal standing, a lone man behind his lectern. Ed, give us your last thoughts as we watch here. As You see jd, like JD has a mission here. Like JD walks off the stage when I forget what point of debate that was, doesn't matter Things, but Tim just doesn know what to watch. He doesn't know what to do. He looks like confused. He got his hands. JD I I think it was at the beginning. Whatever. It doesn't matter. Like JD wants to do it, he doesn't. He shakes his hand, he walks off goes tampon.


Tim's just sitting there like, what am I supposed to do? What? What do they call that? The olive pose. When you put your hands like in front of your junk or something like that, you notice how the these this matters. He looks goofy. Just look like the president or could be president Folks. Of course he does. He doesn't thought. All right, I got more coming up next, including the Dilly meme team. We put one out because every single time Tim Wal thought he had an attack line, JD Vance came back and just absolutely checkmated his caboose and made him look even dumber. This is a short one coming up next, but another epic soundbite of how Tim Walls has a real problem.


He can't get away from the fact that those running mate, Kamala Harris is in charge right now. More coming up


folks. A medical test can help reveal your body's biological age. It could show if you're aging prematurely better Nutrition has been shown to help reverse one's bio age. My hope of living longer and healthier is why I take And. I should say have been taking for a long time Field of Greens and one of my original sponsors. It's an organic superfruit fruit and vegetable powder that you just put in a beverage and you drink it. Unlike these other ones, this is serious Nutrition Field of Greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your body's biological age. That generally means better health. Each fruit and vegetable and field of greens was selected by their doctors to help support vital body functions like heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. Only Field agrees is backed by the Better Health Promise. At your next physical or checkup, I bet your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition. Like me, I showed you my blood work as you saw it. Join me in Better Health with 15% off in free shipping. I recommended this to a friend of mine yesterday. Go to BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan and use promo code. Dan, pick up Field of Greens today using promo code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. That's BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash Dan,


our last sponsor today, we appreciate your patience. They want to talk to you. They keep the show free. Thank you very much. Once again, my pillow, they've been canceled by another box store. You know, here's the good news. They're passing on the savings to you, the standard MyPillow retails for 49 98. Now for a limited time, you'll receive one for only 1488. There's a limited 10 on this offer, so don't miss out on this amazing deal while supplies. Last. Order now using promo cord Dan are called 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. MyPillow is made with its patented adjustable fill at adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. It helps keep your neck aligned, it holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25. The brand new mattress Mattress topper as low as 69 98 and their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and a lot more. So go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan and get huge discounts on all of MyPillow products, including the standard size MyPillow for only 1488. That's the lowest price ever. Once again, MyPillow dot com or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 and use promo code. Dan, don't delay order today. Thanks MyPillow.


Thanks Brick House. We appreciate it. Okay, this is the Dilly mean team. Put this together. Here's another, this is a short one, but again, JD had a job remind miserable Americans who are miserable, not because of what they did, but because of what Biden Harris did. People who are miserable are miserable right now because of what they did. Inflation, public safety crisis, crime crisis, Biden and Harris, they Iran. Now I'm sending the largest ballistic missile attack in Israel. Who's in charge now? Kamala Harris and Biden watch JD absolutely smoke this buffoon and turned around on him.


Check this Out. You yourself just said, Iran is as close to a nuclear weapon today as they have ever been, and Governor Walty blamed Donald Trump who has been the vice president for the last three and a half years, and the answer is your running mate, not mine. It was at this Moment that he knew he fucked up. Yeah. Oh yeah, he did. Oh, he knew. All right. He absolutely know folks, they can't get away from this. Tim Walls cannot escape the fact that he's running with the current vice president. This is j D's job on every issue, so now we know that there are 13,099 convicted murderers in the country while Kamala Harris's ab borders are, but they're in the country illegally and borders are, Kamala Harris does nothing about it.


She's been in charge for almost four years. We know there are 15,000 convicted sex offenders getting ready to prey on your friends and family in the country right now. That's five per county in the entire United States because Kamala Harris the borders are, is sitting on her ass doing nothing and she wants to escape any accountability for this at all. jd of course, understanding illegal immigration's a big issue, did exactly what he needed to do. In another damning soundbite where he points out the fact that the border czar's in charge right now, she just doesn't wanna do Jack shit about it. Check this out. My point is that we already have massive child separations thanks to Kamala Harris' open border And I didn't accuse Kamala Harris of inviting drug mules.


I said that she enabled the Mexican drug cartels to operate freely in this country and we know that they use children as drug mules and it is a disgrace and it has to stop. Look, I think what Tim said just doesn't pass the smell test. For three years, Kamala Harris went out bragging that she was gonna undo Donald Trump's border policy. She did exactly that. We had a record number of illegal crossings. We had a record number of fentanyl coming into our country and now, now that she's running for president or a few months before, she says that somehow she got religion and cared a lot about a piece of legislation. The only thing that she did when she became the vice president, when she became the appointed border czar was to undo 94 Donald Trump executive actions that opened the border.


This problem is leading to massive problems in the United States of America. Parents who can't afford healthcare, schools that are overwhelmed, it's got to stop and it will when Donald Trump as president Did you see about don Don't know, 10, 15 seconds in where JD Vance points out the fact that there are drug mules using little kids to traffic drugs into the country despite CBS trying to fact check him on that and Tim Walls actually looks over and almost like nods and approval. Oh, look at this hot tip producer Jim who sent this over this morning. This is, is that from CBS that article? No, it isn't. Is that from, yeah. Oh, holy shit. It is Mexican drug gangs using more children as is that a CBS article?


I, Jim, is that from No way. It's it's from CCBs. Oh, I, I was, I was not kidding, like I, I wasn't part of my show prep. It was Jim CBS wrote an article about the CBS moderators trying to fact check jd, suggesting that Mexican drug gangs are using more children as mules. It's, it's, it's right there. It's on CBS. This is why you don't debate with these idiots and what does JD do? Again, debating three people and makes all three of them look like buffoons and Tim Walls, who doesn't look presidential at any point, is again sitting there almost nodding in approval, realizing he got dog walked again, dog walked, get the leash folks dog walked Kamala Harris's campaign this morning, make no mistake, is wishing, hoping, praying that a time machine is invented in the next 30 days so they can go back and redo their VP pick and get Shapiro from Pennsylvania.


This may be one of the most disastrous picks we've had for VP in a long time. I mean, what a train wreck for this guy. There was nothing they could do. Now I'm become a big fan of this guy. He does great how CNN isn't fired this guy yet I'm, I'm not hoping that happens. I'm just saying there's this guy, Scott Jennings, he's a conservative. They somehow allow on CNN, which is really bizarre and he just routinely owns the panels. It's like seven to one and he always wins. Unlike Tarloff who always loses on the five, like every single time Greg will just openly mock her because she says ridiculous things.


Jennings is always down 5, 6, 7 to one and he was on the panel last night and folks, what he said about the debate postmortem is absolutely correct. They're in real trouble today with the 0.5%. I don't want you to think anything that happened last night like it's over, forget it. Red wave, we're not doing that, but one, it's not true and second, honestly, nobody really cares about VP debates. A very limited number of people do. I'd rather win and lose, but let's not get cocky. We'll take a celebratory lap. I think JD is now dispelled any, Missy wasn't the right guy, but Jennings said it, right? And I think the C Nnn panel is sitting there like guy pretty much nailed it.


Check this out. It's pretty clear. Vance Outclassed Walls tonight, I mean I was watching this and all I can think of was Man Walls is so in over his head. I mean, can you imagine this guy sitting in the White House situation room with that facial expression that's like 50% sheer tear and 50% extreme bafflement. I mean it was amazing the split screen difference between a competent Vance and a totally in over his head walls. The answer on why he lied about his trips to China and the Tianmen Square thing was probably the worst VP debate meltdown since Stockdale in 92 Folks. Sounds like something I told you before and no I promise you I did not get that idea from Jennings.


That's why I put the clip. Well, it doesn't matter if I can say that all I want, I'm, I'm just telling you like me and him thought the exact same thing. You know what? Is there any way, Michael, can you pull the Admiral Stockdale moment in the vp? Why are you here? If you can, I'll show you what I mean. Listen, I'm not, I'm gonna not, there's no sense right now re-litigating the past, but the problem is this really, this really did some damage. It did a lot of damage to Stockdale and it's widely considered to be one of the worst moments in debates like ever. Yeah. To who this, that's it right there when you're playing in my ear, but don't, yeah, if you got a second of it, it just did not go over well.


I agreed with the second I got up. That's what I thought watching that last night and letting it stew that the, the answer he gave about faking this is, you know, like fake civil rights activism. Don't worry about it guys. I'll play it later on the radio show. If you can find it, we'll throw it in there. This was a really, really bad answer. We're obviously doing some stuff on the fly because this is such a busy show. We have these things called floaters. Again, not to get off topic, but elements that I didn't put in on the rundown the night before. The whole show has been floaters, right folks, here's my notebook for today. We haven't even gotten correct guys to the actual show. We're getting there.


We're getting there. We may get there eventually. They're in trouble after last night, but I don't want you to put too much weight into it. I think from this point on, Kamala Harris's team realizes that the strategy I've been discussing over the course of the last few shows, you know what it is, it's called Shut the, oh, that's their strategy. Don't say anything. Run out the clock. Here's the thing though. You can only run out a clock in a game when you're ahead. That's the point. And I sincerely do not believe they're ahead, which segues nicely to the first clip of the actual plan show that I wanted to run.


Folks, if you've ever heard a Charlemagne, I'm not calling this guy to God. I don't care what he call, it's not a knock And. I don't, I don't do nicknames, okay? I just don't. I'm sorry I'm not doing it. I'm not doing Diddy and all this other stuff, but, well, you say Charlemagne's, but whatever. Charlemagne is a very, very, very popular host. This guy has one of the most listened to shows in the country and it has a rather large minority audience. This guy's Charlemagne is, you know, I don don't get into what celebrity sakes, I really don't care. However, he has shown at least a willingness at some point to listen to what the other side has to say. Here's Charlemagne on this show, which I'm telling you has a huge, enormous audience.


Here he is on his show talking about a really powerful political ad he saw during football this weekend and keep in mind this guy's no big Trump guy at all. Not even close. I'm telling you folks, Pennsylvania and the minority vote are the two things the Democrats are sweating about and now that they picked walls over the Pennsylvania governor and he blew it last night, now they better start focusing on the minority vote 'cause this is getting ugly for them. Watch this. I'll tell you what, that ad day was running during the football games this weekend claiming the vice president supports funding gender transition surgeries for all prison inmates and migrants in the us. That was nuts that that was, I don't know if it was say nuts, but that was crazy.


That was, that was funny. I don't know, don don't know if it was a backdrop of football, but when you hear the narrator say, Kamala supported taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners, that one line, I was like, hell no. I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to that. I definitely see that she didn't. That ad was effective. Yeah, man, that ad was effective. Do you understand how a, listen, I ran in Maryland that has a very, very substantial black and Hispanic population. It is a deep blue state. I ran statewide for senate. We got smoked, did a little better than the congressional race, but still lost whatever. The only reason I bring it up is folks, I knocked on a lot of doors in Prince George's County. It is one of the wealthiest, largely black counties anywhere in the United States anywhere it has million dollar homes and that's some areas struggling.


That's some middle class areas. I knocked on a lot of doors there in the general election, obviously before, after the primary because you wanna try to convert some voters. We got crushed in that election was a three-way Race, knocking on doors teaches you a lot. These are really, really, really deeply religious, hardworking people. Again, not everyone that applies to any race, white, black, Hispanic, Asian, Muslim, Catholic. I'm just telling you, there are an enormous number of black and Hispanic household households who are religious, Christian, Catholic, that real Muslim that do not wanna hear about transgender prisoners.


Their money being paid to cut their balls off after they committed serious crimes. Yet the ad is real. Don't discount this. I don't really, don don't care what celebrities say. I don't, it's not a knock on them. If they endorse Trump, great. If they don't like Trump, great. Do your thing. I'm just telling you other people do and it matters. When guys like that go out on the show and are like, Hey man, you know, cutting the balls off prisoners and sex changes, I'm not really sure. That's my, that's my bag, man. Pun intended. 'cause it won't be your bag after they cut it off.


That was totally unintentional, but it worked nonetheless. Here's another one. You got that Tom Cotton one, Tom coming over here. Tom Cotton, who's been doing an amazing job. You know when politicians do what we need him to do, great. When they don't, they're a minus one. Tom Cotton went on another left wing media channel this weekend and this is what Cotton JD and others need to do. They need to constantly remind the American public that Kamala Harris is and always has been nothing more than a radical San Francisco political communist lunatic.


How do we know that? Because we can just play clips of Kamala Harris. This is what we have to remind everybody about. There is no change agent here. There is only a communist agent here. Check this out. Well, I, I think they deserve to hear a lot more from Kamala Harris because she's been lying to them for the last three months. If you look at her record, but why not? She's been trying to run, she's been trying to run away from it from the very moment she took the nomination from Joe Biden. She wants to ban gas powered cars. She wants to give reparations based on race. She wants to ban fracking. She wants to take away private health insurance on the job. These are not positions that she took as a teenager in high school. These are positions she took as a 54-year-old woman running for president in her own right.


That's the true Kamala Harris, a weak, dangerous San Francisco liberal. Kamala Harris is the one who owes the American people a lot more answers. Donald Trump can simply point at his record and say, for four years when I was president, we had peace, prosperity, a secure border, and we were respected around the world. That's what the American people remember. That's what they're gonna get when they elect him again to the White House. This is our only job from this point forward. Folks, the only damaging political narratives are ones that change your pre-existing notion of who a candidate is. Remember it, tattoo it on your forehead every time you look in a mirror. Well, maybe not a perfect attack, don't forget it.


Kamala Harris is introducing herself to some American voters who may decide the election for the first time. Dan, she's vice president folks, I'm telling you, there are people who don't know who she is. Pull yourself out of your own bubble for a second. And I don't mean that as a dick. You guys are really smart. I promise you it's a compliment, not a backhanded one. You are like, who the hell does it know she's of San Francisco Liberal? Trust me, the same people who didn't know the Hunter Biden laptop was real and said they would've voted differently. Listen to your guy. There are people who are seeing her ads for the first time like she's running for president.


Oh wow, that seems cool. She opportunity economy. Wow. They don't even realize the economy they're in now. That is no opportunity is hers. This is Cotton's job. This is J D's job. Is this clip from Tom Cotton on Deface The Nation gonna be seen all over the country? No, but folks, if a hundred people change their vote and go, holy shit, that's right. This guy's not crazy. That's what we need. She, this is who she is. Wait, I'm gonna go to the the DEI one next. How does, how does this one make you feel? And the thing is about my show is it's not difficult to prove to you who Kamala Harris is because I don't need to play third parties.


I only have me, Kamala Harris and a third party. All I have to do is play Kamala Harris. don don't need someone talking about Kamala Harris like cotton. Although it's helpful, I can just play Kamala Harris. How do you feel right now if you're in North Carolina, western North Carolina underwater or trying to recover from just an entire annihilation of your town. If you're in east Tennessee, Georgia, the panhandle of Florida, how do you feel right now that this is Kamala Harris's position on disaster relief, which is your money. You've given it to the federal government at the end of a barrel of a gun, they'll arrest you if you don't.


How do you feel that Kamala Harris running for president? Her stated position on this was that we really need to start looking into disaster relief through like a DEI lens. Oh really? So if you happen to be white and live in Asheville, North Carolina or someone else, you should get less money than someone else who happens to be a minority even though you have paid the same lesser or more taxes. I don't have to play a third party, I only have to play Kamala in her own words because this is who she is. Go with it. It is our lowest income communities and our communities of color that are most impacted by these extreme conditions and and impacted by, by issues that are not of their own making.


And so, and women. Absolutely. And so we have to address this in a way that is about giving resources based on equity, understanding that we, we fight for equality, but we also need to fight for equity understanding. Not everyone starts out at the same place. And if we want people to be in an equal place, sometimes we have to take into account those disparities and, and do that work. You never notice how the communist equity people equity like Kamala Harris are never willing to live by the lifestyle they want you to subscribe to. Did you ever notice that Kamala Harris grew up in upper middle class existence to upper middle class parents?


Look it up. Look at the neighborhood she grew up with north of the border. Go look. It is not a poverty stricken area by any stretch. Kamala Harris is now a very wealthy person. She's the vice president of the United States. Yet, why doesn't Kamala Harris redistribute her own income to make sure that everyone else who's struggling has the equity? She says you should subscribe to as a governing business model. The answer is because she's full of shit and so is every other rich liberal loser out there who won't do a damn thing to lift a finger for anyone, except if it's giving the middle finger to immigrants.


They're shipping off their rich enclaves in Martha's Vineyard. These people are full of shit. Imagine your house, your neighborhood, your drug store, your job and your grocery store. Were just wiped out and you're getting a lecture from Kamala Harris about how, hey, you may have had a little more so you're gonna get a little less from us, even though the government at the barrel of a gun's been stealing your money forever. This is who she is, folks. It's who she is. All I've gotta do is play it for you. This is who she is. Imagine you're this North Carolina resident.


This is a video that went viral. She's describing the horror of Hurricane Helene and its effects on North Carolina and elsewhere too. Tennessee, Georgia, Florida. Let's not forget that. I want you to pay very close attention to what she says at the end. Kamala Harris who's all for big government stealing your money to give to other people even though she's rich and famous and won't do a damn thing to help people herself either. Will Joe Biden, Joe Biden takes from the Chinese Communist party he didn't give to anyone. I want you to listen to this resident at the end and say, listen, this is bad. And if you think the government's coming to save you, you're outta your mind. No truer words have ever been spoken. Listen to this.


The Looting has picked up major steam. I was advised yesterday by a county sheriff to make sure that anybody out and about is carrying and in his words, carrying with the safety off. There are very aggressive people out there and I'm just gonna go ahead and say this. It's not because they're necessarily awful. They're desperate. Desperate people do desperate things. Y'all and why are they desperate? Because there's no water in some of these communities. We have neighbors in North Carolina with no water and all I can say is this, the government ain't coming to save you. Not now, not ever. Because they don't care about you, the people anymore. It is the citizens who are gonna have to step it up.


Folks, I can't warn you in strong enough terms if you live in a disaster zone that if you don't have a competent conservative in charge, you are screwed. We live down here in Florida. You have a hurricane, DeSantis and the state governments are all over it. I live here. Don't tell me it didn't happen. Luckily, my area specifically hasn't been through a hurricane with DeSantis in charge or a serious one. But friends, family of mine who live on the West Coast have people I know over in Sanibel, the area I ran for Congress. I know the area well. I ran for Congress there. They can't believe how quick the response is. This is what happens when you have a government limited in scope that understands it's to provide police services, fire services, some roads within the state, a co, some court services and be there in emergencies and it doesn't try to do everything else 'cause then it does nothing.


Right? I want you to see this. This is important. I I told you before about the Admiral Stockdale moment, and it's important just from a historical perspective, not from a critical one at this point. There's no point in doing that. But from a historical lens to understand how this was a really, really serious moment. Ask any political historian, they'll tell you. This was pretty much the end of any political aspirations for Admiral Stockdale. He was on the stage in debate, and I'm gonna tell you, I placed the Hong Kong JD Walls, excuse me, a Tim Wall's JD Debate. I placed wall's Hong Kong answer up there with this as one of the most destructive answers you possibly could have given.


There were a thousand ways to weasel his way outta that. He picked the worst one. But here's the Stockdale moment. I told you I'd show it to you. Check this out. Who Am I? Why am I here? I'm not a politician. Everybody knows that, so don't expect me to use the language of the Washington Insider. 37 years in the Navy and only one of them up there in Washington, and now I'm an academic. The centerpiece of my life was the Vietnam War. I was there the day it started. I led the first bombing raid against North Vietnam.


I was there the day it ended. And, I was there for everything in between 10 years in Vietnam. Aerial combat and torture. I know things about the Vietnam War better than anybody in the world. I know some things about the Vietnam War better than anybody in the world. And I know how governments, how you, how American governments can be, can be courageous, and how they can be call, and that's important.


That's one thing I'm an insider on, Folks. The sad thing was this was a, this gentleman is a, was a real hero. It still is. I mean, it's a, you know, this doesn't take away from it. And that just, that moment, once it was seen by so many people, the the word is I heard from people who were around him at the time from my prior line of work who were there and, and saw it and it's kind of filtered down, is that he got back in the car after that and just realized like that was kind of the end for him. So, but I'm gonna tell you last night with walls, he did himself no favors. Folks. I had so much more, I'm gonna get to, maybe I'll get to it on the radio show. I will definitely get to it tomorrow.


We didn't even get to address the Middle East crisis, had the biggest ballistic missile attack ever, and they wind up killing the Iranians. What one Palestinian showing how absolutely feckless they are in a war with civilization versus the savage picked civilization. You'll never go wrong. But remember, the soundbites and snapshots last night were terrible for walls. This was targeted at the 0.5% of people out there, and JD did exactly what he needed to do. And I tell you that with the most objective cerebral cortex I can. Hey, thanks so much for tuning in. Crazy numbers say 186,000. If you wanna join us every day for the live stream and comment, take the polls.


We'd love to have you. We really enjoy it. rumble.com/bonino every day at 11:00 AM Eastern time, click that subscribe, follow button. It's free. We really appreciate it. We'll get a notification when the show goes live. Download the Rumble app and sign up for Rumble Premium. If you'd like an ad free experience, we'd appreciate that too. Also, give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Just look for the Dan Bongino Show. Click that follow button. I'll see you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.