
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. I Hope you're all enjoying a very happy Thanksgiving with family. I mean, they come first, right? God, family, country, that order get it right and everything falls in line. Folks, I, I thought to myself, what do we do for folks for Thanksgiving to put a little smile on their face and given that Geraldo is back in the news, who bizarrely wants to fight me again or something like that, Geraldo wants to fight me again. And, but he does end it off pretty nice. So it's all in good fun. Check this out. Can I ask you about Dan Bonino, because I'm sure that you saw this. He's being floated as Secret Service Director. The possibility of, I mean, there you go.


And I. I just wanna be clear for our viewers who aren't familiar, you two sparred a lot on Fox and man, am I being understated when I say that? How would you feel about him being Secret Service Director? I, I can't imagine anyone who I, I feel, I feel more fiercely combative with than, than Dan Bonino. If he were to walk into a bar, And I was having a beer, you know, we, we probably square off. We disagree on everything. you know, we, you know, I, I think he has his own set of facts. I think he's a, you know, provocateur. But I go back, I go back to what I said about Major Pete.


I have no issue at all with his, with his honesty, his credibility, his character, his, his patriotism, his love of the Secret Service. I think all those things are positive for Bonino. And, you know, I, I, I think that in some ways, all of these people in the cabinet, and, and you could name others as well, Dr. Oz are, are great on tv. They, they are bigger than life. They're great communicators. I see where the president elect is going with this cabinet. Can they do the job? you know, the day to day, the administrative stuff running these businesses and they are giant businesses, even though they're government agencies.


you know, I, I guess we'll, we'll see. Some will, some won't. But I, with Bino, you know, I, i, I would, lemme put it this way. If I was a, a Target and Bino was on the job, I feel that Bino would keep me safe. He would do the job, Brianna, Or, although not a very nice compliment at the end, it's all in good fun folks. Or like I said, we were never that again, I don't know why. Everybody wants to fight me all the time. It's this fascination with me and fighting. And we are not squaring. Can you imagine, folks, I wanna leave this here. I know I'm beating this. I just can't take pun intended, can you? I mean, listen, I'm 50 And I feel every second of it.


The dude is 31 years older than me. Can you imagine squaring up with a guy you outweigh by probably 40 plus pounds in a bar? You're, oh my gosh, this is just insane. Hilarious. How many people sent that to me? I thought it would be really great to go over some of our greatest hits, pun intended, and misses with Geraldo and a comment on them. Now, years later, I kind of missed that stuff. I think you'll enjoy this. So I have not seen these in advance. However, I was there because it was me when it happened. But my team picked out a few of these. So I'm gonna comment on 'em. I'm gonna tell you what I was thinking when I was there. And I, think you're really gonna enjoy this.


But again, I have not seen these since I was there when it happened.


Beam Cyber Sale is here. Buno listeners enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino, get some sleep, don't miss Beams. Biggest sale of the year, beams Dream Powder. Check it out.


Alright, this is a surprise to me. The bell has rung. Let's see what you guys got. Bring it on. How about people like you that don't credit the humanity of half the country? They are, they are running scared and they're scared of cops. And, I. It doesn't matter that we love cops. Why? Why that Blue Lives Matter? Why, or that they're the thin line between civilization? Why are they scared? Cops? What matters? Stop Pontificating. Why, why and produce some actual data. You're a reporter, right? Because here's a why are they a 20 olds kid? A 20-year-old kid has an expired registration. He ends up dead in the, in the same town. Yeah, and it's a tragedy with George Floyd was as asphyxiated, whether by a brutal cop's knee on his neck.


So By I made those Incidents then don't you see that you as a reporter, the cosmic, you've ex, wait, wait, Hold on. Why those two incidents you've extrapolated as a reporter data that every boy Child, 'cause they were 10 miles apart, Should be afraid of the police. And that's rational to you. That's rational. Explain that reason. Please talk to the I i i that one vividly sticks out because he Geraldo claims to be a journalist. Right, guys? And here's the thing. If you actually look at the data, who is it? Roland Friar and others who've done actual data, research analysis on police interactions between minorities and the police. You'll find out that not only are the data on use of force incidents against black men and minorities are grossly exaggerated by the media narrative that black men are being hunted, but they're exaggerated so badly.


It's not even in the ballpark. It's not even in the ballpark. I think the number of unarmed black men who were shot by the police was somewhere in the neighborhood of 11. And yet, when you ask people out there who like Geraldo claim to be journalists and don't know the data, you know what, what's going on with police interactions with, with young black men? You would think there were hundreds of thousands of people being hunted in the street. What killed me about that clip is I remember he's not a, he's not so much an opinion guy. He portrays himself as an investigative reporter. And he totally missed the ball on that. And when I asked him for the data, can you produce the data? And I stopped him. Did you notice he just kept filibustering. This was kind of like went on.


What went on with me and Geraldo over my entire time of doing this show, Hannity with him over the course of five years, he would never produce facts. He claimed to be a facts guy, but it was always some bizarre, crazy opinion that he got from like Joy Reed or something. That, that, that's a good one. I that, what was that? Had a couple of good ones. Yeah. All right. Let me see the next one guys again. But we have a process for that and just injecting race into this Har Geraldo, which you do on these police issues constantly. When you have none of the data, you have no evidence whatsoever. There's a, You making me the issue again? Don't you have an argument to make that doesn't Concern me. I'm not making you the issue. I'm responding to your dopey comments.


You have no idea that there's a racial undertone to this at all. And you're saying, oh, black parents have to, oh, bully Because, they idea is racial. You have no data to back that up at all 20-year-old black kids. You're Just further inflaming this situation. And the country will burn to the ground because of people like you who say dumb things like that with no evidence to back it up. You see, anytime you ask car though, I, I'm guessing guys, this is gonna be a theme, right? That me asking Geraldo to actually back up his opinion and then watch, watch what he does every time instead of actually producing data. Show me. 'cause I will go to the mat for anyone being abused by police officers.


Anytime I will. If you're a civil rights are violated, I'm a civil libertarian, call my show, email us. I, you know, we'll do our best. Well, we'll, you know, if you can produce a viable case to us, we'll highlight it. Okay? He never does that. Then he says, you're making it about me. I'm debating you, you knucklehead. What the hell's the Hannity have me and you on had me and you on the show so I can debate you. You're gonna say something stupid. It's about you saying something stupid. Gosh, just give me some data. I, I mean anything to chew on like Pacman and that maybe We can argue about something. His opinions are just based in stupid stuff all the time. It's so ridiculous.


Anybody get out about me? Of course about you. He said something dumb. Geraldo's perfectly entitled to an opinion. you know, just because you weren't a police officer doesn't mean you can't comment on policing issues. I always hate when liberals say that about us, but, you know, whatever, going to dinner with a police, I'm not ceo captain. Liberal doesn't. No, I'm not suggesting you are. I'm just saying that you know, You don Don't understand policing. Don't start minimizing my experience. Har, sit up for two seconds. I'm a half a century at this. Listen, Geraldo, I'm not You just be quiet for Frustrat on the foundation of And. I. Remember this This isn actually right here. Then we'll let, he's in this chair, guys. Go back and forth.


I'm tired of this guy. He never shuts up. Dan, Dan. He's always got something to say. Now know I'm pissed. Go back to your statement. Go see now again, And I friends. He knows I'm pissed. He's entitled to an opinion. He's not entitled to a certain set of facts. You don't know anything about actual policing if you haven't done it saying or suggesting, you know, you can relate to the experience of police officers. You can't. I'm not suggesting what happened yesterday wasn't a tragedy. It was obviously there's a dead young man who's never gonna take another breath of oxygen again in his life. We don't have all the facts on this. We know. She said taser it appears, appears to be a mis you, you know, listen me commenting on my own commentary, kind of silly, however, on Thanksgiving, I think it's kind of funny.


Do I It is right. I mean, I, I I'm listening to that trying to pretend it's not me who sounds irrational there. Is it me or Geraldo? I'm not talking over him. He keeps yelling and screaming and all I'm asking him is produce a, a fact set or a data set to show that he has evidence that this man in that incident where the woman thought she was grabbing her taser and grabbing their gun, targeted because he was black. I'm notice I repeat over and over. I am not denying the tragic nature of what happened at all. The young man will never be with us again. Okay? Period. I never deny that. I'm simply asking, Geraldo, show me your evidence. This was race-based. 'cause you keep making a race argument. Who's the crazy one?


And he's screaming over me. Now, I've known Hannity a long time. We're really good friends. He's a good man. He could tell I'm getting pissed off. And, I gotta tell you of all the times I've debated for all. That's the one thing. And again, this is not personal. We were always friendly off the air that used to bother me the most. He could never. You notice how I sit there and listen to him and then the minute you open your mouth, he, it's like he couldn't control himself. And it was so hard to make a point because he just couldn't stop talking. This is better than I thought. And I, you guys dug all this stuff up. Alright, let me see the next one. You keep using the beer analogy. Geraldo, you're a lawyer. I have not seen Amendment 2.5.


The right to buy a coarse light shall not be infringed. These are legal adults in the country. Now having said that, if you're gonna infringe on a constitutional right, according to the the, to the court system, you have to do it. V it has to be a compelling government interest. We all agree preventing mass murder is a compelling government interest. Government interest point. Thank God That we agree on that Dan, thank God. But, But, but it has to wait. I'm not done. There's a second part to that. You're a lawyer. I think you know this. It's through the least Restrictive means. The least restrictive means is not to tell every single 18-year-old in the entire country who's done nothing wrong. You can no longer purchase a rifle because of some nut. Then why Beer?


Their why do you tell 'em they can't drive a semi? That's what I said our He don't. Okay. Even these guys are laughing. This is like a totally unplanned show. We just thought of this the other day. We thought of the there, but we gotta do this for Thanksgiving. This is another thing that used to bother me about these debates with Geraldo. You make a point. He never addresses the point and he brings up this same point. You just countered without ever addressing what you said. So just to be clear, this segment's about gun control and legislation that would prevent 18 year olds who did nothing wrong from exercising their constitutional right to protect themselves, right?


Geraldo's obviously a gun grabber. Okay? So Geraldo compares that to other things like buying a beer. But when I bring up the point that buying a beer is not a constitutional right, it is, no, it's not addressed in the Constitution at all. However, the right to bear arms, which shall not be infringed is he just Zel as a lawyer. He bypasses the point. Notice how I put an accent on that point because there are constitutional rights that are infringed on. No, there are. Yes, there are. If you have a say, you have the right to freedom of religion. If your religion says I get to go over and slash my neighbor's back with a razor blade 'cause my religion told you to, the government's gonna infringe on it.


Correct? Constitutional rights are infringed on all the time. But for the government to do that legally it has to have a compelling government interest preventing you from getting slashed in the back, which is a compelling government interest. And it has to do it to the least restrictive means. so we can't ban all religions to stop you from slashing your neighbor in the back. Does that make sense guys? You can infringe on a constitutional right, but it you have to defend it. You have to defend it. That is not the least restrictive means to ban every 18-year-old for the acts of one person. It's not even close. And you notice how he doesn't address it all. And he brings up the exact same point. He brings up the exact driving a car that's not a constitutional right. There is no constitutional right to driving a car on a public road with no license.


There isn't. Oh man, This, isn, This, isn guy's an attorney too. I should have went to law school. Sheesh. They'll give these things out like, like Hershey bars. What else? Oh wait, wait. Hold on. Lemme take a quick break and we'll get to the next one.


Hey, when the doctors at Brick House Nutrition announced a Black Friday sale, it's a big event. Now's the time to save a bundle while you reboot and optimize your health. This is the biggest sale of the year on everything includes field of greens. It's a life-changing super fruit and vegetable drink that promises your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition or your money back. Hold on, I'm gonna read something. Don't go. This is real. This is not a joke folks. So I just want for blood work. This is from, this is from my doctor. I'm not kidding. Dr. Neil B is his name. It's he's in steward if you wanna look him up, man. Your cholesterol values are a thing of beauty. Your HDL of 82 is the best male, good cholesterol I've ever seen. Exercise, diet, all help. Very rare to see a male. This healthy field of greens, antioxidants might help as well. That's an actual text from my doctor. I swear I just put that, I just thought of that. Folks, check it out. Check out their collagen accelerator to radiance with four times more health and anti-aging power than the influencer collagen that's on sale too. From weight loss to sleep aids, from creatine to whole flu boards that are all on sale. Try field of Greens today. Go get your blood work done. Let your doctor check out how you are before and after. Go to field of greens.com. Use code sale. That's promo code sale@fieldofgreens.com last time. Don't forget promo code sale@fieldofgreens.com. Check it out. And maybe Dr. Neil, check out your blood too. I had, mine was really, really good. So thank you. Field of Greens, we really appreciate it.


All right, let's see what you guys next from our good buddy wants to fight me all the time. Har Geraldo. Geraldo doesn't route. Ron DeSantis, he doesn't know the numbers. I live here From Florida's 26th. Wait, COVID death. I just, per numbers Dan, it stands. Geraldo, it's not my fault. You never know what you're talking about. It's not my fault. Fault. You so full of crap that you never anything before you come on the the air. You are so full of it. you know, fell on he, how silly 17 guy, Geraldo. Let Dan talk. Geraldo Dan, he doesn't like To do that, Sean, because he always caught Can't, never knowing what he's talking the facts.


And he's embarrassed. Stick to the story and his position on stick to the facts while he has on. I did stick to the facts. You don, I'm embarrassed to be on this air with you. That's why I'm embarrassed. You never know them. And then, But he kept coming back. It's unbelievable chasing my clients. Do you wanna me a thousand dollars? You wanna a thousand dollars? You wanna that you wanna put your money away, your mouth. You wanna put your money where your mouth is. 16,000 infections guys, 17,000 A a again talk. So he cannot stop talking ever. And whenever he had this bad habit, Geraldo of coming on the air and he would fall for every media narrative you just saw, couple that guns, guns randomly kill people at the, it doesn't matter about the person, it's the guns.


We gotta control the guns, not the people, right? Black men are being hunted by cops everywhere. That segment, I do remember that was during the covid hysteria where Ron DeSantis very smartly opened up the state and the schools ear early, earlier than a lot of these other Cov Covid, lockdowns. And Geraldo was going nuts 'cause he fell for the media narrative, of course. 'cause he always does that 'cause he just doesn't do his homework. That covid deaths were the highest in Florida, something like that. And my data was accurate. Of course they were not. And he just made it up. And what happens is, when he get called, when he gets called out on the facts, he tells you you don't know the facts while he presents facts that are wrong. And then he says, stick to the facts when you correct the facts that were wrong every single time as he talks over you.


I remember that one, that one really pissed me off. 'cause I went back and looked later. I'm like, this guy will fall for anything. I'm like, damn. At least one time. Can we agree on anything? All right, let's see what you got next. There are dozens of Palestinian children dead. And whose fault is that? Whose fault is that, that nation provided to Israel by the United States without even to demand for a cease fire. Whose fault is I I demand to cease fire. I demand my, I demand that Israel win the demand. Cease fire. Israel needs to win the war against terrorism. By what? Terror that are firing rock that their people, all these, all these children. I'm gonna bet he Interrupted. Geraldo, you do this every time. This is such garbage and I'm really, I'm really getting sick Of it.


You Play this emotional Game with the Audience and use your position of responsibility To Put out misinformation. you know, stop the police thing. Address the issue, address the police, not address. This is not about me. You didn't come on this show to attack. Can't control yourself. You came on the to talk about the issue. You have a point about the issue, your position of authority. I'm sick of, I'm sick of You don talk. You can't go on the air. I'm outta control. Can you calm down? Yeah. You really need to calm a 10 Emmy winner. Try the Middle East. Have you ever even been there?


I been my point That is that, that I, that one folks, just so you know, I'm sitting here and a little background on that clip. I did not know. Do you guys know why? I didn't know. I did not know he threw the paper at the screen. you know why? I think he, he might have been do it. We didn't have return, so I'm not seeing him. All I see is a black screen in front of me. I didn't find out. The next day I, the next day I'm watching the clip. Like, did he throw a piece of paper? I'm in Stewart, Florida. He's, he's 800 not miles away throwing paper to scream. That was Geraldo, man. That's how he would do it all the time. This thing on the, on the Israel Palestinian too.


He falls for every single media narrative. He never did his homework. And you notice his impulse control is so bad. He simply can't stop talking. When given the opportunity for me to make a counter argument, all he does is start screaming every single time. But I didn't see that when it happened. Now I think back, I think someone texted me about two hours later. I was like, did he throw a piece of paper at you? And I went and looked on Twitter. I'm like, holy Moses. He did, he's throwing paper at this screen. Like I throw a paper at this screen. What a lunatic folks. That was, is that his that the last one? Oh man, those are good ones. We gotta do this again Sometime. We may do a listen, I gotta get a thing going. Har Geraldo.


Sean, if you wanna set it up, I will do another round with Har Geraldo. But it's gotta be like multiple segments. All right. If you wanna do it, I'll do it. The ratings would be killer. We'll do it. We can do a round two of this. Hey folks, thanks for tuning in. Hope you're enjoying your Thanksgiving. I thought you'd enjoy that. We really appreciate it. I'll see you guys back here on Monday. You just heard The, Dan, Bongino, Show.