
Have you seen the news from some economists forecasting of depression by the year 2030? Some are even forecasting that Social security and Medicare are headed to hit a breaking point. Our national debt and cost of living continue to rise. We can have a big problem, help protect your family's future with gold. From Birch Gold held in a tax deferred. IRA. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free copy, the Ultimate Guide for Gold and the Trump Era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rates supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. So last night, like many of you, I'm sitting at my, my, my office. I'm watching Fox News. Benjamin Netanyahu, prime Minister of Israel of course is giving a press conference with Donald Trump in the White House and Donald Trump, rather matter of factly drops the biggest public policy foreign policy announcement in modern US history about Israel. He says, you know, let me just, let's from what he said, I mean this happened. Play the cut if you would. We'll take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too.


We'll own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site. Level the site and get rid of the destroyed buildings. Level it out. Create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area. Do a real job. Do something different. Just can't go back. If you go back, it's gonna end up the same way it has for a hundred years. Ladies and gentlemen, Q, automatic media, liberal progressive meltdown. People were losing their minds. Nobody knew what to do. Folks in the chat, how many of you were watching it live and responded How I did?


He said that so matter of factly and there was, if you're gonna make a major foreign policy announcement, typically what they do in the past is they tee it up, you know, tune in at eight, whatever, big announcement. Nobody said anything. This thing was delayed for I think an hour and 37 minutes or something like that. And now I think, you know why? Here's what I think happened. He's sitting there in the Oval Office with Netanyahu. He's obviously telling Netanyahu he's gonna say this and Netanyahu's gotta be looking at him like, what you gonna say that Now he are. You're right. G's like he probably laughed the first time. I'm like, no, really? Like is this real Q Media meltdown?


Immediately everyone lost their minds folks. Joy Reid didn't even know what to say. They were on M-S-N-B-C. Like, is this real? Do we react? Are we being played? Listen to me. Okay, I'm gonna help everyone out here. I can't say this enough to media people who constantly misinterpret and overreact this guy, this is the largest MAGA show out there, period. We're always ahead of it. We always drop Ws because we don't overreact and we know Donald Trump's debating and negotiating strategy. What is it? He does this all the time, folks. He drops a bomb maximalist position.


In other words, one to a hundred. He drops 99.6. He's actually thinking 55.7. But he understands that even though he's thinking 55.7, that if he drops freaking 99.6 and he gets 75.2, he's about 20 points ahead of where he was at 55.6 about. You get it? He does this all the time. 25% tariffs on Canada. Okay, we're gonna shut the fe off. Okay, we'll delete him. He does it all the time. How many times you guys are gonna get played? Holy shit.


Watching the media overreact is freaking hilarious every time. What do you think he's doing? You think he's gonna drop the hundred first Airborne into Gaza tomorrow? I'm sorry man. It's just comical watching these people after now four years and two weeks of Trump the 2016 term and two weeks so far that this, he does this over and over and you guy and he Dr. And he always drops Ws to Abraham Accords and people think it, they just keep falling for it. I'm sorry I didn't finish my thought before.


I've been so excited about today's show because I just, I feel like if people would just watch this show, they would stop overreacting and have a better lick their finger feel for politics where the wind is blowing. My gosh. Did you guys respond like I did last night? I was telling the boys this morning when I came in, I hear this thing and it was like he said it so matter of factly, I had to like rewind the thing and I'm like, did he just say what I think he said that the us gonna take over Gaza. And I think the media was so surprised if you guys missed it. The first question wasn't even about this major foreign policy statement prescription he put out.


The first question was totally unrelated. And then Kelly O'Donnell from NBC, who's no friend of ours by the way, but I think was the first one who got it, basically grabs the mic and is like, did you say we're gonna take over Gaza? Like she was the first one, I think who caught it more in a minute. But


first, have you seen the news from some economists forecasting a depression? Not a recession depression By the year 2030, we could be in a perfect storm If social security and Medicare hit a breaking point with the largest generation hitting retirement. Smaller workforce usually means a smaller tax base pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living, we can have a really, really big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future? Well, gold has been a safe haven and hard economic times. And Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition in existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold and it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket help protect your future today. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation, only information. I buy my gold from Birch Gold. You can trust him too. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply,


folks, he stakes out a maximalist position. Here's what's going on in Donald Trump's head. And I want you to think about this in context of the Abraham Accords. We don't cover a ton of foreign policy on this show. This is important. 'cause it's not just about foreign policy, it's about you are, this is going to happen for four years. The Trump people I know have assured me and other people that the pace of change is not slowing down. This isn't a two week thing, this is a four year thing. So you better get used to it. And if you're not watching this show and you're gonna overreact to every single thing, your freaking blood pressure is gonna be through the roof and your pulse rate is gonna be 122 at rest.


Everybody chill. Not you out there. You guys are awesome. You get it to the crazies. I saw Jonah Goldberg on Twitter. Things are getting dumber. No, you are getting dumber 'cause you keep getting played. Here's what's going on. Think about it in context of the Abraham Accords. You know what, can you guys pull this? I'm sorry, I don't. I'm Michael. Look this up. John Kerry, there's a clip of him saying that there will be no solution to the, to the, the peace in the Arab world without fixing the Palestinian problem. You have to understand with the Abraham Accords, Donald Trump, who does listen to me, everyone clearly, everyone put the horse blinkers on right now.


Donald Trump does not give a shit about how you did things in the past. Let me say that again. He doesn't give a shit. All he cares about is fixing problems. When the Abraham Accords came around, where we had the the Bahrain deal and the other deals over there, you know, fly with the air traffic and everything, they were, they were great deals. Everyone told him, do not bother. You will never get any kind of a peace or cooperation deal. However you wanna frame it with Middle Eastern countries until you solve the Palestinian problem. Everybody said that.


I'll, if we can find the John Kerry thing, I'll play. But folks, it wasn't just Lurch John Kerry, everybody said that. Gee, did everybody not say that you don't fix the Palestinian problem. Don't bother Donald Trump's like, why? I'm just gonna cut a deal and I'm not, I don't buy any of that shit. And you know what he did and everybody thought he was crazy. Hold so keep hold that. Hold that thought. You can't do that. You're never gonna cut a deal. Abraham MCC accords ain't gonna happen. Fix the Palestinian problem. No, that's gonna, we'll fix that later. I'm doing this first. What did Dale, what else did they tell him? Remember when he moved the embassy to Jerusalem? What did they say?


World War iii. It's gonna be over. Arab world will never accept it. The whole place will get nuked. Did that happen? No, it didn't. Did it send me the send me the World War III articles you have that happened in the mid, oh, they didn't happen. It didn't happen. World War III didn't break out until Trump left office and October 7th happened when he wasn't in office. Everything, these foreign policy experts, this is important, man, listen to this.


You dumb ass media morons, everything the foreign policy intelligentsia has told Donald Trump about the Middle East has turned out to be bullshit. How does this apply to yesterday? To everybody freaking out, gonna occupy the Gaza, the Middle East Jail, jail. Donald Trump is looking at Gaza, this little strip of land, tiny little strip of land, and Donald Trump this waterfront beautiful property that was, by the way, only handed over not that long ago to the Palestinians.


So anyone telling you, oh my gosh, the Palestinians been here forever, is full of shit. What was it? 2005. They handed it over 2005, not 1905. So let's not pretend this is some generational thing, okay? That's just the hard facts. You don't have to believe it. I don't care. It's reality. Donald Trump's been told, Hey man, the foreign policy intelligence, he said, you gotta let the Palestinians and the Israelis work this thing out. Eventually they'll figure it out. And Donald Trump's like, but they haven't. But they haven't. The Israelis gave the land back to the Palestinians who then used the land to bomb Israel.


Whatever side you're on, you know where I stand on this. I've been very clear about my position, about who the good guy and bad guy is in this fight. Wherever you stand. Can we both agree that's true? Did it happen or did it not? End of story in the chat. I don't, I don't, I don't, don't care how you feel. Just can we agree on the facts, Israel, whatever they gave them back the land, did it happen? Okay. Yes. Thank you. What happened? Attacks were then launched into Israel. Whatever position you have that happened Trump's like clearly no one's fixing it. So here's what he said. He probably walked into Netanyahu, probably totally blindsided him and said, Hey, I'm I, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm really language alert.


I'm sorry, I'm really, but it's important here. 'cause he, this is probably the language used, so I don't mean this for effect. I can almost guarantee you he walked in there and said something to this effect and probably use the language shoot. He said, guys, you guys fucked this place up. I'm gonna unfuck this right now. I'm coming in there, the the with the big stick and I'm gonna fix this place if I gotta develop the damn thing myself. If you guys don't unscrew it, I'm telling you that's what happened. Be you can believe it or you can laugh. I've been right about everything. You media people are always wrong here. You doubt me. Here's political playbook. I mean, these are like outright communists over a politico this morning. They talked to some off the record guy, the official argued.


It's in the interest of other Arab powers like Saudi Arabia to find a solution to the conflict. Binos, right? Again, thank you. And that Trump throwing his ideas out there might inspire others to counter as the source said himself. We'll see, somebody gets it. Whoever Politico spoke to, shockingly, even a blind squirrel gets a nut is 100% correct. He's telling the Saudis, he's telling UAE. He's telling the Kuwaiti's, the Jordanians. He's telling everyone in the region, you guys have not un this problem in a hundred years.


Fix it or I'm coming in there to do it. A couple other thoughts here. Trump is tired of the perma war, okay? The permanent war status of the Middle East. Israel, Palestinians, Israel, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Israel, Syria, Israel, Lebanon, Israel, the Golan. He's tired of it. He is the commander in chief of the most powerful military force in the cosmos.


He's tired of it. He's telling them, UNF, this situation, or I'm telling you we're gonna go and take it. He doesn't want the perma war anymore. So for those of you out there saying, and by the way, I don't blindly defend anyone, and I hope you understand that President Trump and I have a lot of agreements on a lot of issues. That's why I support it. We don't agree on everything, but don't tell me this guy's a war monger. He's doing the exact opposite. He's tired of this situation. Perma war's over. He's saying, number two, fix it or I will.


Third, he is trying to refocus the hama, demon savages who just continuously go to the table and renegotiate on terror. We'll release a hostage. Yeah, we change our mind. It'll be tomorrow. Oh, it'll be the next day. Oh, we're gonna hold a few more now. He's like, okay, I'll tell you what, you guys attacked on October 7th and you thought you were gonna establish like some new Hamas level caliphate in the area and Israel was gonna be wiped out and abandoned. Trump's like he's telling both sides. You guys better work this out because Hamas now you will have nothing. You will have absolutely nothing. I will take everything from you.


He is telling these Hamas clowns, you better get out. We gave you a shot, you effed it up, it's time to go or you will have nothing. We will take everything from you. He is also trying to refocus the Arab world. He has repeatedly asked the Arab world, who claimed to be for the Palestinians, why won't you take the Palestinians in? Remember from, what is it, 48 to 67, who controlled the West Bank, that area? Judea and Samaria. The Jordanians. Why didn't they create a Palestinian state?


Has anybody asked that question? Anyone? Jordan? No. We don't wanna take in Palestinians. You, you're the ones advocating for the go. Take them in Egypt's the same way Egypt closing Philadelphia. No, no, no, don't come here. Well, you gotta really take care of the Palestinians, so take them in. You got a whole shit ton of land. Oh, we don't want to. Trump says you don't want to. I'm emptying the place out. We're gonna clean it out. Clean up the ordinance we're gonna get. By the way, I, he didn't, there's no, I don't want any taxpayer dollars paying for this. There's got, this has to be a regional thing. All you people say you wanna help the Palestinians.


Here's my opening offer. I'm clearing everybody outta there. You are all gonna put in billions of dollars. You are gonna rebuild the place and then you can move the Palestinians and others back in. There you go. Here's what your counter offer, The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.