
Since 1974, Saudi Arabia has sold oil solely in US dollars. And that was paramount to the dollar strength and its stability, but not anymore. It's reasons like this that I buy gold from birch gold. And you may wanna also to learn more. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for a free, no obligation info kit on gold Birch Gold has earned my trust with their thousands of happy customers and their countless five star views. Protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further? Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Now we find out even the insiders are bailing on. This is why last night was so important and a win for everyone.


We need this cat in a race. This cat can't leave. I'm forbidding it. The voters should decide and Joe Bribing should feel the wrath of the voters. But we got cracking their back. They're back. They're back. Kraken, you have Kraken. He's filing reports right now. He's filing reports. But Kraken doesn't know. The HR rep is Paula. Paula is I I even a certain amount of influence with the HR rep Krakens filing. I'm gonna give you her email. Kraken, you can start sending reports in right now. This is a problem for us though. Good news, bad news. Good news last night. Wasn't that that horrible By very low standards for Joe Biden. Here's the bad news. Insiders are now talking folks, listen, one thing about team Brien, I'm serious on this one.


They have been very good at stopping leaks. Very good. Remember with the Trump administration, these, these clown swampy on the inside, the vin mins and these other goofballs, they were like, Trump drinks Coke, not Pepsi. And it was like a big leak. You didn't see that. You didn't see that outta team bribing. Now look at this NBC news. No one involved in the effort thinks he has a path. Biden insiders say the writing is on the wall. Folks, I'm gonna stick to my original assertion where I've been for two years now. Biden will not be the nominee. It is only a matter of time. Our goal is to extend the timeline and keep him in as long as possible because he is the easiest one to beat. And cutesy time is freaking over.


The negative stories, of course, are not gonna stop the Milwaukee Jour Journal. Sentinel, I am assuming Avita. That's a pretty liberal paper. Very liberal. Very liberal. Okay. She Avita knows Milwaukee well, Milwaukee Radio Station said it agreed to edit the interview with Joe Biden. Folks, the negative stories are not gonna stop with this guy. It's just gonna be an endless litany. So if, if you're thinking after last night, well Dan, don't defend him too much. 'cause then we're gonna prop up his approval rating. Folks, I'm sorry, but stop the nonsense. That's not going to happen. Biden is an awful candidate who is one fall or stumble. I'm not wishing that on anyone. I'm not saying that. I'm just telling you he is one fall or big verbal faux pa away from screwing it up.


And by the way, we've got a relief picture in the bullpen. Who? Mariano Rivera. No, I wish I did. I love Mariano. Enter Sandman. We've gotta You know what it is. You know what our fail safe is. Say Biden. They, I don't know, they give him a couple cups of coffee or whatever. John, send them some blackouts. Keep 'em, keep 'em going. John, blackout right to the White House. Give 'em the cinnamon French toast. We need that. We need em up. Okay, our A in the hole is, there's another debate in September. If he makes it to September, which is possible if he makes it to September, you really believe he's gonna perform better You know a couple months from now than he did in the last debate.


It's yes, Vita says it's gonna be, of course it's gonna be worse. So folks don't sweat it. There is no saving this guy. Your goal and your only goal horse blinkers man, is to keep this cat in the race as long as possible. Hashtag hashtag d Biden. Let's go Brandon. Let's go Brandon. Yes, yes, there it is. Let's, let's go Brandon Kids dark. Brandon put the little laser eye beams like he's Superman. Hey, his CNN is reporting something that I actually was kind of unaware of. I had not heard this story before. I got a lot of good little birdies, but this one I haven't heard. I gotta be straight with you. Apparently he's not had a cabinet meeting in a really long time.


I guess what he's trying to do, my humble opinion is he's trying to prevent leaks because these cabinet meetings have principles and then there's usually a backup. If you ever watch a cabinet meeting in the Roosevelt room in the White House, you'll see pay attention. Now when you see it, the cabinet officials are the principles. They'll be at the table and Biden will be right there in the middle. And then look behind him. You'll see people seated along the window. Those are the backups. The Biden team, I think, is afraid of his own cabinet. Now, I think they're afraid that the backups or the principals are gonna leak at the bad mental condition he's in. So they're saying he hasn't had a meeting in a while. But here's the kicker. Even when he did have a meeting, he makes his own cabinet officials submit questions in advance.


Folks, I gotta tell you, I worked in a White House for five years. I've never heard anything like this. This is the craziest thing I have heard about cabinet meetings. Check this out. According to two sources before cabinet meetings that the president attends, cabinet officials will submit their questions and talking points, key talking points and bullet points that they plan to present to the president. In these closed door meetings, this is how One Source described it. They said the entire display is kind of an act. They would come and say, Hey, the president is going to call on you about 25 minutes in and ask this question, what are the bullet points that you'll respond with? Folks, I'm telling you is, yes, I was not a political operative in the White House.


I'm not trying to fake the funk on you. That's an end, by the way. Not that it matters in this show, but you get the point more in a minute.


But first, hey, summer is here. So those visible dark marks, sun spots, and other blemishes that the sun leaves behind. Until now, the revolutionary dark spot corrector from our friends at Genus Cell Skincare can help visibly fade away dark marks, sunspots scars, and other signs of discoloration all over your skin with three cutting edge ingredients, help those visible signs of aging disappear right before your eyes. You'll be amazed at how quickly you can see results. You can now enjoy your summer Sun beach and barbecues without those pesky spots. As always, you'll see the results or your money back no questions asked. And right now, get your dark spot corrected with every gen you sell Skincare most popular package for over 70% off. Order yours right now and get the Gen 90 instant for immediate results on all of your trouble spots in as little as 12 Hours Gen You sell.com/dan gen you sell.com/dan GENU c.com/dan. Get a free spa box with two bonus gifts and free shipping can sell.com/dan.


I've never heard anything like this. You are on the road with these people all the time. These staffers. You work in a white house five years, and you travel on the road with people 200 days. You kind of get familiar with, you know, workings of a White House. That's how I was telling you yesterday about Johnny Favs, the Johnny Favreau, the podcast host who's friends with Obama, but was a speech writer. I remember that cat walking around. I mean, I'm not buddies with him or anything like that, but you, you get intimately familiar with the workings of this place. 'cause you see these people all the time. I've never heard of anything like this. They have to submit their questions in advance. And by the way, another Dan Bongino Show conspiracy theory comes true.


Michael, you have any idea what the batting average is now what? It's up to a a thousand for a thousand kids. It just keeps getting better. I said the other day, and someone started attacking me on, was it that whatever that Crescent Stein cat or whatever, I don't even remember, but I, I just mauled him. I just put up that the FBI raid thing and he got quiet awfully quick. That was weird how that happened. Imagine being a liberal and getting raided by the FBI. Michael, how bad do you have to be to be a liberal and Get Ready by the FBI? Now if I got raided by the FBI, everybody would be like, yeah, of course it's the FBI, I mean, and Dan's a conservative, like a MAGA guy, right? I mean, Avita would even be a story.


I don't even think Avita would cover it on a new show. She'd be like, yeah, Dan got raided. It wouldn't be everyone be, but to be a liberal. Like you really gotta be messed up. But everybody told me it was a conspiracy theory when I said, the Obamas don't like the Bidens. They're gonna turn on them. And David Axel be the mouthpiece. I'm serious. I was attacked for that. Oh my gosh. He doesn't know what he's talking about. Okay, here's the morning Schmo telling you exactly it. Mark Vin, this isn't the game. Telling you exactly what I just told you, that Axel Rod is the mouthpiece for Obama. Check this out. I will say one thing that we do have to underline here, just so so viewers can, can follow what's going on behind the scenes is, is the Biden campaign.


And many Democratic officials do believe that Barack Obama is, is quietly working behind the scenes to orchestrate this. And if Joe Biden believes that, that's not going to get him out of the race any faster, anytime David Axelrod attacks him, David Axelrod ensures that Joe Biden will dig himself in another day. I mean, that's basically what the, anytime the pod bros say something nasty about Joe Biden, which they, they have repeatedly said nasty things about Joe Biden before the debate, after the debate.


Every time they do that, he digs in a little bit further. Chad, folks chat folks. Do I steal you wrong? Do you feel like you're wasting your time here? Do you feel like you or do you feel like, oh shit, we were three weeks ahead of it again. Yeah, yeah, you are. Who's he talking about? Anyone in chat? No pod bros. Anyone know who he's talking about? He's talking about Johnny Favs, who I just told you about. Johnny Favs was a speech writer for Obama. He hosts this really popular liberal podcast. Honestly, I'm, I'm sorry, what do You know? Guys know what the name of it is. I'm not trying to be silly about it. It's popular. I'm not trying to do that. Mariah Carey JLo, I don't know her, but it's, it's, I forget what it's called.


It's a liberal podcast, super popular. It's up there with the young turds people. What is it called? Do You know the Pod Save America. Pod Save America. Yes. Thank you Aveta. That's where liberals go, that Johnny Favs is one of the hosts. That's who Scarborough's talking about. Scarborough is all in on Team Biden. He's cracking a little bit now, but he still feels like he wants to preserve his access. 'cause he got that interview the other day. So he's playing it both ways. He knows exactly what I'm telling you. Listen, I'm gonna enough of this. Just listen to Axel Rod and Johnny Favs and you'll, you'll, you'll know exactly where Obama's going. And Obama Obama's opinion matters because Obama controls what the donors, the donors are the only thing that's gonna force this guy out.


The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.