
Increase tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes, lot of changes come in.


Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic. Now more than ever, Birch Gold is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy. The Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. There's no obligation, only information. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino, Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Do not fall for the SO folks. You have a massive failure of the left wing model of big government right now going on in front of your very eyes. And the left is desperate to get you to shut up about it. Now, I wanna be absolutely clear. If these catastrophic apocalyptic fires happened in Texas, Florida, or Mississippi, there would be ringing condemnation from every piece of scum in the media, calling for public executions of governors, state, local mayors, officials, county commissioners, and anyone else involved.


But because Democrat liberal communes run California, gee, can we go a little bit outta order? Can you pull that Politico tweet up? What do you get? You get no condemnation of Democrats at all and you get a bunch of Republicans pounce stories. Republicans unleash on never about the actual failures. Look at this. Politico Republicans are blaming them. Policies for the catastrophic wildfires tearing through Los Angeles Republicans, P Republicans unleash Republicans unload. Notice how whenever Democrats f something up, which is every single time because government sucks, it has no incentive to ever do anything right? It steals your money at the end of a barrel of a gun.


There is nothing you can do about it. And whether government sucks or not, you never get a refund. It doesn't matter. Government never goes outta business. There's no pressure for it to go outta business. The media protects them from any bad press. Imagine being a restaurant that food poisons people every night and some review site like a Yelp or whatever, deletes every negative review. That's the media. It's the best analogy I can ever give you. That's the media to the business of government. It is no incentive to not suck. People are dead. The damage in Los Angeles and some of the surrounding areas is gonna be so catastrophic when this is over, despite repeated warnings that the fact that to this day, some a lot, but not all.


Some media people are even coming around. You'll see what I mean in a minute, are still protecting these idiots. Meanwhile, if this was Ron DeSantis, I'm telling you they'd be called Republic Executions right now. It's absolutely disgusting. And then you got this loser in the White House who again, did nothing about this. California's a state in the United States. Joe Biden's, president of the United States, Joe Biden could have asked questions about this like Donald Trump did. Fire management, it is still a big state. California's kind of important to the union. What Joe Biden do?


Nothing. But he flew out there yesterday. And here is Joe Biden doing what Joe Biden does. How many times have I told you this folks in the chat? How many times have I reminded you Joe Biden is what folks? I'm telling you, I know this from damn good sources. Trust me on this. I've always been candid about my sources, okay, Joe Biden is a sociopath. I'm telling you, he's a sociopath. He sees no consequence to his actions whatsoever. Everything is about Joe Biden, enriching Joe Biden and to everyone else. You get the double barrel middle finger. Here he is out there in California in one of the biggest catastrophes you're gonna see in modern times in Los Angeles.


And what does he decide to do? Announce ceremoniously and sell in a celebratory manner that he's a great-grandfather, Joe. Can I just be sure nobody gives a shit, bro? Nobody cares. Their house just burned down. What do you wanna do? A freaking gender reveal. Look, we popped a balloon. It's blue. What the Nobody cares, bro. Watch this. Good news is I'm a great grandfather. How's up today? Grand girl, baby boy, That's a great point you just made. He always does this.


I don't wanna make it personal, given that all your houses just burned down every childhood memory, all of your memorabilia photos, your baseball card collection, the mom's jewelry you passed down, your engagement ring, your will and testament, your legal documents, your business records, all your, it's time for an announcement. Let's do a gender reveal. Boo bapa. It's a pie. Nobody gives a shit, bro. Nobody cares. No, I mean nobody technically that could be considered a hyperbolic statement. You're exaggerating. No, no, no. I don't even intend to exaggerate. Nobody cares in that area about you being a great-grandfather.


You gonna jump in the shower again? You slob. That's who this guy is. He's a sociopath. He can't get out of office soon enough. Less than two weeks to go more in a minute. But first,


increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes. A lot of change coming. Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic now more than ever. Birch gold, the only gold company I trust is releasing its ultimate guide for gold and the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on gold text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here's the facts. The national debt continues to increase our interest Payments on the national debt continue to increase. Gold is still one of your best hedges against the weakened dollar. And Birch Gold is still the company I trust to help you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. It's no obligation, only information. With an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers you can trust Birch Gold too. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


Finally, at least one member of the media, this is a Sky News reporter, has decided to do some journalism and stuff with the climate. Climate climate change. Really? That's funny. We thought it was the lack of water management and a bunch of dry brush in a fire prone area. I don't know. Call me crazy. I'll be crazy. Here's the mayor of Los Angeles, which fellas you hear? She made it back to la. Yes, yes. Finally, Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass, another Kami. She made it back. She was in Africa. What was she doing in Africa in Ghana? Who the hell knows? Who cares?


She's taking a trip, You know, need a little vacation. I mean, she's been mayor for so long, Dan. She was just exactly, she's in said Ghana. Yeah, Ghana. But LA's burning. Exactly. So she finally makes it back to a burning down city. She's like, Nero surprised she didn't come off fiddling off the plane. Here is a Sky News reporter finally doing a little bit of homework and at Le guys, wouldn't you agree you've seen the clip producer Jimmy too? At least she gives some very detailed answers as to where she was, why she stole money from the fire department, why there's been no fire management stuff. The answers, wouldn't you agree guys? Were very thorough and she put to rest any any allegations of mismanagement on her part, check out these incredibly fine answers.


Check this out. Do You owe citizens an apology for being absent while their homes were burning? Do you regret cutting the fire department budget by millions of dollars? Madam Mayor, have you nothing to say today. Can you back up? I appreciate it. Have you Absolutely nothing to say to the citizens today. Elon Musk says that you're utterly incompetent. Are you considering your position, Madam Mayor, have you Absolutely nothing to say to the citizens today who are dealing with this disaster. No apology for them.


Do you think you should have been visiting Ghana while this was unfolding back home? Excuse me. Now I know what you're thinking. If you are watching Live on Rumble at 11:00 AM Eastern, you saw the video. But if you're watching Audio on Demand later on, say Apple or Spotify, you're thinking, why did gee, Justin or Michael mess with the clip and edit out the mayor's responses?


You said they were wonderful. They didn't, folks, there are no responses. That is the audio. She sits there and I encourage you to watch the video because it's even worse. And as Justin, we're watching this all day. We, we watch 'em together, shows live. So, You know, it's not edited. We don't like cut the things in later. Justin's like, at least move your mouth and pretend you're gonna answer something. And like you're thinking about something. She's sitting there like in Stu disbelief that anyone's asking her a question about her city bird. Like, how dare you. I am the mayor of Los Angeles. It's not my problem that the damn city's burning to the ground.


And any see how she storms down the jet way there? And they, that poor lady with the thing on her nose, she like, nearly knocks that lady over. Get outta my way. We gotta get away from the sky News guy. Listen, I don't know you Sky news guy. I don't know if you're a liberal or whatever. I don't really care. But you may be the first guy to ever ask a question. Look at this. Look. Give, watch this lady. She's got a little bandage on her nose. This lady, they can't bump this side. Like, okay, let's get away from this guy quick. Here we go. Here's lady. Oh, get outta the way, lady. Beat it. Yeah, push it. Practically. If there was a door there, they'd push her right through it. They're like, get away from this guy quick. You never seen Karen Bass move so fast? Look at her. He's getting a good hamstring workout. Oh, get move fast.


Is that an incline? Maybe get some calf work in too. Of course, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump was right again about this. But because the media can't get their heads outta their ass and cover Donald Trump fairly, and they're so focused on the emotions of hating Donald Trump, not the actual problems Donald Trump brings up. Like, Hey, we've got an inflation problem, right? Nazi, hey, that thing in California, you'd never believe it. They're diverting a bunch of water from where it's needed. Water's running dry in certain areas of California. The farms have been complaining about it forever. You've got a dry fire problem in Los Angeles. Santa Ana wins. Those are brand new, by the way.


Do you guys know about that? It's the first time it's ever happened to Santa Ana Wind. It's a chore. I've never heard of those before. I'm not even a meteorologist. I've heard of the Santa Ana wins. I don't even live on the west coast. I live in Florida. I live in Steward. We don't have the steward, Anna winds, I don't know what even I know what they are. It's wind. And you think wind is good for stopping fires. You think? Matter of fact, there's an expression. You know what it's called guys? They call it fanning the flames. You ever hear of it, fan?


Of course. 'cause they can't get their heads outta their ass. When Donald Trump brings up a problem, he's a Nazi, fascist, homophobe, phobe. Instead of actually saying, Hey, is that a real problem? Maybe we can fix it before people's lives are lit up in flames. Here is Donald Trump, a while ago on the Joe Rogan show before the election saying, You know, California's got a real water problem. You know, it fires, farms, all this stuff. Maybe we should look into that. The media was like, guys, definitely a Nazi. Check this out. You know, in Los Angeles you can't get proper amounts of water, right? And it's unbelievably expensive, and you might have a house in Beverly Hills and they're actually thinking about rationing water. Could you believe it? I could believe it. I saw that and I was in, I was in the farm court country with some of the congressmen were driving up a highway and I say, how come all this land is so barren?


It's farmland and it looked terrible. It was just brown and bad. I said, but there's always that little corner that's so green and beautiful. They said, we have no water. I said, do you have a drought? No, we don't have a drought. I said, why don't you have no water? Because the water isn't allowed to flow down. It's got a natural flow from Canada all the way up north of water, more water than they could ever use, and in order to protect a tiny little fish, the water up north gets routed into the Pacific Ocean. Millions and millions of gallons of water gets poured. Of course, Donald Trump came out yesterday. Again, he was up on Capitol Hill and brought up the fact that protecting the smelt, if you're asking, what the fuck is the smelt?


It's this little fish he's talking about. And Justin just said it, right? The media reports the following. Donald Trump hates fish. He really can't stand if he wants all the fish, dead grouper, trout, all of 'em. Kill them damn fish. He's a Nazi, homicidal fish Holocaust guy. He wants fish dead. Instead of saying, You know what, that crazy guy's actually not so crazy because what he just said was gonna happen with the barren land and the water problems resulted in a catastrophe where now five people are dead and that's gonna grow, by the way, and basically significant portions of Los Angeles were entirely wiped out.


By the way, did you notice how the MAGA crowd, I wanna applaud you guys. I mean this, I, You know, I, again, I have hefty dose of sarcasm as part of the show, but not this segment. I wanna genuinely applaud you for not falling into the trap. These lunatic evil liberals do that when there's some shooting in a red state, they're like, look, you deserve that. Evil gun owners, nobody deserves this. I don't care who the hell you voted for. I've been through a house fire. It is not about me. I'm not trying to do the Joe Biden on you. I'm just telling you, it is one of the most awful things you will ever go through in your life. Nobody deserves that. We live in a republic. You're free to vote for you who you want.


Unfortunately, those votes have consequences. Bureaucratic mismanagement is not a Democrat problem is a Democrat and Republican problem. However, bureaucratic mismanagement is a bigger problem with Democrats for a very simple, easy to define common sense. Occam's raise a reason. If government bureaucracies can't work because there's no incentive for them to work because they steal your money and you can't fire them, you can't. The media protects them. Then Democrats, which prefer bigger bureaucracies and bigger government are gonna have bigger problems.


When I was a young secret service agent, You know why Boss told me about big criminal cases we used to work? He'd say, I'm gonna warn you, big cases, big problems, little cases, little problems, big government, big problems, littler government, littler problems. I'm not telling you Republicans are gonna fix all your problems. We screw up a lot of crap ourselves. I'm simply telling you, you keep picking the Democrats that prefer bigger government and your problems are gonna continue to get bigger and they don't get any bigger than your house burning down and your neighborhood. Look at this, by the way, this little compilation running out of water fire hydrants in Los Angeles. His headlines, I saw this on Mike Cernovich's account as a California resident's been covering this.


How the hell do you run outta water? Do you understand? A fire hydrant exists for one reason. It has no other purpose than to distribute water for a fire. That's why it's called a fire hydrant, not a milk hydrant. It's there to stop fires. It only has one purpose. They can't even figure out how to get water from a fire hydrant and you continue to support these idiots. This isn't the time to bullshit. It's the time to talk about it before your house and neighborhood burns down next.


It's a fire hydrant. You can't even figure out how to get water out of a fire hydrant. That's how stupid government is. It's Fancy. No parking time. You know what? You know what? Governments become a suggestion of goodwill. Government's a four way stop sign. No one actually stops at it because you think the other guy that's government, they think someone else will fix it. So it's just a suggestion. They're gonna do things right. No one stops at a four-way stop. They don't, they roll through it, they, the other guy will stop. That's what government is. One big freaking four-way stop sign. Well, don't worry, someone else will stop. I don't need to do it. I, my job's safe. The Fire hydrants are like gun free zone zone signs requires, Right?


That's how well they work, right? Justin said, right. The fire hydrants in LA are like gun-free zone signs. Again, they're suggestions of a solution. See, we'll fix your door in a fire, except there's no actual water in it. No fires here. Just like the gun-free zone side. So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble. All you have to do is go to Rumble dot com slash bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time. Hope to see you there.