
It's stressful to know you don't have control over the election's outcome, but you could take control over helping to protect your savings by diversifying now into gold. From Birch Gold. Birch gold. My gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. In the past four years, inflation has seen increases of as much as 19%, and the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence. Text Dan to 9 8, 9 8 9 8. Get your free information kit on Gold and trust Birch Gold as I do to help protect your savings message and data rates apply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Okay, Kamala Harris. Last night in a chaotic last ditch Hail Mary baby attempt to win a football game where she's down by four in the fourth quarter goes on Fox with Brett Bear. And guys, ladies, I told you man, you gotta, you gotta Trust me a little bit. I, I know there's a lot of skepticism about people in the media and they should be Brett's not an opinion guy. Brett's never been an opinion guy. Brett B and Fox a journalist. I'm telling you, I worked with these guys for 10 years. 10 years I was doing hits at Fox. They have, they have a different, that's a, there's two Fox Newses.


There's the opinion side and there's a journalism side. It's not one company. It is, but it's not. Okay. Brett's a pretty fair guy. There are other guys. I mean. I think Neil's a little left-leaning obviously at this point. And in you got hammers pretty straight down the middle with these guys. I told you, give the guy a chance. I, I don't work there anymore. I got no dog enough fire. I'm not his agent, but I just told you he's not gonna go and embarrass himself or the network. I thought he asked pretty good questions. Tell me in the chat if you think I'm wrong, I mean I'm open to other opinions if I, maybe I'm biased and I don't know, but I don't think so. I watched the same 25 minute interview you did. I saw an interviewer asking questions, redirecting constantly back to the point.


And then I saw a presidential candidate making an absolute buffoon out of herself. She looked like a bozo. Here is an excellent summary from an account I just followed today, which is excellent on Twitter. What is it called? apac. APAC pac. A POC as a TZ or something. T-O-Z-T-O-Z. Really cool account. Just saw this this morning, followed him back. Here is an unbelievable summary. It's about 15 seconds of the most substantive answers Kamala Harris gave. She, she did give some with some deep substance so you better understand who Kamala Harris is. Check it out. Donald Democrat Donald Trump. Democrats voted Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump. Donald Trump and Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump.


Donald Trump and Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Trump Biden had a Fundraised debate. State Donald Trump. Let's go back to Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump Fellas. I told you to play the one with the substance where she dig digs deep, she scratches the surface level stuff off and she gets right to the point. So you know what Kamala Harris is gonna do if you kindly were to cast your vote for her out of the generosity of your heart, like, yeah, that's it. That is it. That's basically a summary. I sadly it's thank you. A pac is on XI love the little, if you're missing it on Apple or Spotify, there's a little Donald Trump dancing in the background with it.


You know the Donald Trump dance, the Donald Trump boogie folks, if you watch the 25 minutes folks in the chat, I'm looking right now. Do anybody disagree? Did you get anything out of that interview other than I suck but you shouldn't like Donald Trump either. Was there a single answer where you feel she clarified her position, transgender sex changes what she did wrong at the border? Anything. Alright, now listen. Alright, serious time. Although I, you know, that's kind of a joke, but it's not. That was in essence a summary of the entire freaking interview. Brett Bear saying, Hey, the border's been open. Can you gimme a number? Donald Trump, you are on video saying he wants sex changes for p Donald Trump.


Here is a very good question. I thought he asked. I said I thought he did a great job. Listen, we can all do better job. I'm gonna interview Donald Trump tomorrow. I guarantee you even P ones in the Bonino army, some of you gonna say, Dan, I wish you asked this. That's fine. You get an hour. Kamala Harris tried to filibuster through the whole thing. She said nothing. It's what you get, what you get here. He asked a question about Biden's mental faculties. This is why I told you they are in chaos. This Kamala Harris latest push for Donald Trump's medical records is so hilarious in his stupidity. I'm actually stunned. Even her chaotic ridiculous campaign is going down this road knowing they're leaving themselves open for a question like this. Hey, all of a sudden you're interested in medical records.


When did you notice Joe Biden's mental faculty's failing? And this speaks to Kamala Harris's candor or lack thereof. She can't have it both ways, ladies and gentlemen. It's a binary. Either Joe Biden was mentally incompetent to run for president and shouldn't be in office now and you should have noticed it. Or you were so obtuse and power hungry, you pushed him out and still won't admit why you pushed him out. Can you explain to me what option three is? Either she is a greedy, power hungry loser who pushed her boss out, who gave her a chance on a DEI hire. He mentioned not us or you just didn't recognize this guy's collapsing mental condition.


Take a look at this. He's not stable. Lemme Ask you this. You told many should interviewers concerned that Joe Biden was on his game that ran around circles on his staff. When did you first notice that President Biden's mental faculties appeared diminished? Joe Biden, I have watched in from the Oval Office to the situation room and he has the judgment and the experiment and experienced to do exactly what he has done in making very important decisions on behalf of the American people. Biden, There were no concerns raised. Brett, Joe Biden is not on ballot. I understand, but, and Donald Trump. Donald Trump is, But you talked about it. And Donald Trump is after George Clooney said within a few minutes of talking to President Biden at a fundraiser that he thought this was not the same Joe Biden that we saw on the debate stage.


Donald Trump Is on the Well, how do you Brett's in a bad spot, folks. The guy's got 25 minutes. Again, I'm, I don't, I'm not, I'm nobody's PR rep here just trying to be realistic as a guy who's been in the content space for a long time. When you get liberals, they do this all the time. I'll prepare you now. 'cause some of you, some of you out there are gonna have, some of you may have 'em now. I, I know we were just rated by a pretty cool, was it Deadhead Media or something like that? People rated it. Some of you have your own shows now and you can attest in the chat that what I'm saying is absolutely true. You know it. Sorry, I'm just looking over. When you are interviewing liberals, they do this all the time. Liberals will never answer a question. My show today here, look, it's a chaotic little scene 'cause I had to take notes all over the place.


It says nothing they tell you is true. I'm gonna go into that in a second. It's an important point. I'm telling you, nothing liberals tell you is true. Please follow me. Conservatives have very clear positions. They are not afraid to defend them. I believe in life. I believe in school choice. I believe in low income tax rates, low capital gains, tax rates. And I can defend why I believe that liberals do not believe in any of that. But they just don't wanna say it. They believe in hiking your taxes, but they lie. They go, oh, fair share the school. Oh, you're bankrupting public schools. Nothing they tell you is true. In essence, dial 'em back to beginning. Brett knows that. So what Kamala Harris is doing is she can't actually say what she wants to do.


Open the border, cut prisoner's balls off at taxpayer expense. She can't say that. So what liberals do is they filibuster. So Brett asked her a simple question, when did you notice Joe Biden was struggling? The honest answer is probably the minute he asked me to be his vice president. She can't say that. So she's got a bullshit and filibuster. So he tries to bring her back and it's nothing she's gonna do. She just talks right over him. 'cause that's what Kamala Harris does. She's full of shit folks. This is the single worst candidate to ever run for president in my soon to be 50 years on planet Earth. I'm serious, man. I've asked probably a hundred people Think about it.


Pull yourself out. We've had some bad Republicans run for office too. That just sucked with terrible campaigners. I mean MIT Romney comes to mind. There is no way Mitt Romney was the worst presidential campaign is she's horrible. The woman I, I tweeted out after this interview. A I'm sitting there, I jump in the shower afterwards, probably too much information, but I don't care. 'cause I've been watching this thing. I've been melting in the sauna trying to clear my head. I had a rough day, right? I'm sitting there listening to this thing on the Bluetooth right, and Jim said it, right? If you listen to the interview on audio, it's even worse. I, I get done. I'm like, I don't even know what to say. I was gonna critique it point by point and I just, it's a waste of time.


I tweeted out last night, I said, if you were under the impression that Kamala Harris was not an imbecile, please watch the Brett Bear interview and it'll disabuse you of that notion immediately. What an embarrassing, humiliating, disgraceful mess this woman is. Did nothing she tells you is true. So all of America and the Democrat party noticed Joe Biden was mentally collapsing. You're supposed to be his number two, his deputy, and you didn't notice it. And you think people believe you. He was another great question. You keep telling people that you are gonna be this continuation of Joe Biden.


You're not gonna change anything. Everything Joe Biden did was great. The inflation, the chaos, the border. What is it? Are you gonna be turn you, you say you're turning the page on what you said. You're the same as Biden receipts incoming too. Great question. Again, more bullshit from Kamala Harris, check this out. So You're not Joe Biden, you're not Donald Trump, but, but nothing comes to mind that you would do differently. Let me be very clear. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. Folks, how do we know Kamala Harris is bullshitting? Again, folks in the chat, why are we like the supermarket always with receipts every time?


Why would we think we're gonna get four more years of Joe Biden and Joe Biden's policies? Because Kamala Harris has been the vice president and the last person in the room during the Joe Biden presidency and the decisions which he has said she was knee deep in. And she just said on the view that she can't think of a single thing she would've done different. Don't listen to Danny Botts, listen to Kamala Harris. Check this out. Well, if, if anything would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years? There is Don a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact.


I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. I'm not sure that's a real campaign ad or not, but it should be. But it should be. Now I'm glad they included the extra part at the end. I want you to notice in case you say, well, she says she wouldn't do anything different, but she didn't necessarily take credit for what happened. It's some bullshit she just said after that. And yes, basically I was in the room making all these decisions. Folks, I don't know. whatevs you need to hear. This is Kamala Harris in Kamala Harris's own words telling you Kamala Harris is gonna continue what Kamala Harris has done to you for the last three and three quarters years.


whatevs, could you possibly wanna hear, she's saying it herself more in a minute. But first, there's a lot at stake in this upcoming election. But regardless of who's sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy's already been lit. Four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on her $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it's like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. You don't have a lot of control over the election's outcome. But you can help protect your savings by diversifying now into gold from birch gold. For millennia gold has often stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals and global strife. And now it can help protect you. Birch gold, the gold company I use will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold.


And it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. In the past four years, inflation has seen increases of as much as 19% and the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 gets your free info kit on gold and trust Birch Gold as I do to help protect your savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply paid for by Birch Gold. One more from last night. The interview was cut short. They panicked at the end. I know this business well, no one's gonna tell me how this business goes. I've seen it. I've gotten into fights on the air that Hawk Newsom BLM guy comes to mind. That lady I got into, into it with over gun control in Australia.


I've been in combative interviews with 60 Minutes. I played them on the show. Folks, you've seen them between unfiltered and on Fox. And this maybe at the end of the year, well put some highlight reel together of these things. I've done this before. Kamala Harris's team realized, I'm gonna guess at about five to seven minutes in, they made a huge mistake. I don't care what liberals are telling you. Ian Sams and all the douche bag, you know, tentacle porn kids in the basement telling you how great Kamala Harris is. I don't care what they're telling you, I'm telling you objectively and I've got a track record of success. Last night was a debacle. It on a one outta 10. It was a two. I think the only thing that could have gone worse is if there was some kind of medical episode.


God forbid this was a disaster for them, a disaster. They did not convince a single undecided voter that they are in fact the candidate, candidate of moderation change whatever kind of democracy, whatever bullshit they're pitching. Last one, lowlight. This is one of the best questions I've seen asked yet because he, Dr. He drills down on a specific number. And you can see here Kamala Harris is panicking when it comes to the border. Kamala Harris was the border czar. That's a fact. There's no question about that. Everyone knows it. She was appointed the border czar. Granted, border Czar is not an official position.


She was appointed as in a series of responsibilities by Joe Biden to run the border. Obviously Kamala Harris, who sucks at everything in her life, who was awful, has never had a successful venture in her entire life. Total train wreck, the weakest resume in American history to run for president. She can't admit that when she got control of the border about in the entire Trump presidency, was it about 3 million entered or 8 million? So more than double and we're not even done with the Biden president. She can't admit that. So Brett pins her down on a number. Watch her try to dance her way out of this. This is the probably the worst answer she gave the entire night. Check this out. You know, voters tell pollsters all over the country and here in Pennsylvania that immigration is one of the key issues that they're looking at this election and specifically the influx of illegal immigrants from more than 150 countries.


How many illegal immigrants would you estimate your administration has released into the country over the last three and a half years? Well, I'm glad you raised the issue of immigration because I agree with you. It is a, it is a topic of discussion that people want to rightly have. And you know what I'm gonna talk about, right? Yeah, But you're just a number. Which do, do you think it's 1 million, 3 million? Brett, let's just get to the point. Okay? The point is that we have a broken immigration system that needs to be repaired. This woman's pathetic. She's a joke. This woman is a laughing stock. Folks, again, I'm not one of these asshole liberals like I'm gonna leave the country if she gets elected, you think I'm forfeiting my country to this piece of garbage.


She's terrible. She's a genuinely awful human being. You think I'm gonna seed my country? There's not a freaking chance I'm gonna deal with probably the worst four years of my life and we're gonna get through it and try to repair nearly insurmountable damage. I'm just telling you right now, we've got a great chance to end this woman's political, disastrous political career comparing the Border patrol, the Ku Klux Klan, the the open border policies, the inflation. This woman is a one woman wrecking ball. She has been as destructive as Hillary Clinton to the United States, our international security. She's an absolute train wreck. And notice what she does there.


She first, she reframes the question into some kind of a, Hey, we should have a conversation whenever someone says we should have a conversation. The first response from the interview, I'm not knocking Brett, 'cause he tries to stay online with the number, but when someone says we should have a conversation guy, what do you think they should say? Guys, that's what we're here for. We're having a conversation. Why do you have to say something so stupid? Let's have a conversation while we're having a conversation. Then she says, let's just get to the point. He just asked you to get to the point. What's the number? What's the number? She will never tell you the number folks, because the number is a disaster. We have had double the number of encounters since this moron took over the border.


The woman is an iil. Folks, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. I have to tell you this. The woman is an buil, the largest livestream audience in the world. Spread the word. The woman is genuinely stupid. Hillary Clinton's not dumb. Oh, you can't say that. No, I can because I worked around there. She's not stupid. She may be evil and she may be tactically really a troubling mess to deal with and she was for a long time. But Hillary Clinton is not stupid. I'm telling you from ironclad. This woman is an iil and if she's the president of the United States, ladies and gentlemen, the Chinese Communist Party is licking its chops right now.


Oh, something else happened with China? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They are waiting for a second. Put aside all the horrors, the border, the inflation, everything else that's gonna go to total chaos. If she wins, the Chinese Communist Party is just sitting there praying. Kamala Harris gets elected. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show. Wherever you get your podcast.