
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. You Know, lemme tell you kind of a funny story. So I'll do a weekend update, but this is just kind of outta left field. I get a call from a media reporter last week and he wants to talk about how stories bubble up in the whole MAGA ecosystem, of which obviously we're the biggest portion of it. We are, we're just the biggest show. So that's just a fact. So he calls me it wasn't Axios guy and we'll see what they write. It's, you know, it's probably gonna be the same piece, but whatever. We'll see. But you know, I, I've started to talk to some of these people more and the logic behind it is this, excuse me, my voice is still struggling from the inaugural crud that went around last week that everybody got.


But the gist of every piece, Of course is gonna be these right wing, crazy conspiracy theorists, whatever. They write the same piece every time. But I figure I might as well get my shots in too, you know, so we'll see what they write. But he wanted to see how these stories percolate up from the MAGA ecosystem up into bureaucrats, politicians, maybe even Donald Trump, right? So it's fascinating to watch our, oh hold on. I should have had this close, you know, our a Rockham Sock and Robots theory of Donald Trump. It is fascinating. Here. We found the red guy, by the way, and he's not broken. The blue guy, he's just been getting decimated lately. Of course the red guy keeps winning. We going Red, red rocker.


He may put Donald Trump on the back of that. So we know when you put a Donald Trump face on that, somebody get on that people in the mainstream media are now picking up our rockham. So Robots narrative, I'm gonna show you that in the beginning. Got a weekend update, it's good to be back with you. I, I was struggling a little bit on Friday, but felt good enough to do the show. That crud at the inauguration was vicious. Mike Bens is sick now too. I don't know what was going around the day. Like did the Biden team on the way out, like spray the sky with some deadly pathogen or something. But I feel great. Saturday morning I woke up, felt better. And it's just, you know, the recovery thing's always takes a little bit to get your voice fully back.


Hey, the Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the New Year Beam's Dream Powder. Try Get up to 45% off for a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino at checkout


today's show. Also brought to you by Patriot Mobile who may have won the election but restoring the great this great nation. We're only in the beginning stages. Now's the time to take a stand. Patriot ISS leading that charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms with Patriot Mobile will get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. The difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company who believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life. And our veteran and first responder hero Switchings, easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their 100% US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with your promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today. Defend Freedom with every call and text you make. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Hook 'em up, Patriot Mobile.


Alright fellas, Monday show. Let's go first Bell of the week. So it is good to be back with you all. Had a really busy weekend, a quick weekend update. I don't do it often, only on Mondays. Don't wanna bore you with my stories, but sometimes they're interesting. So I took my brother Joe and my daughter Amelia, and my wife obviously Paula. We went down to the Auburn, Tennessee basketball game. I love you all in Tennessee. It was so nice to see. Well keep that picture up for a minute. It was nice to see while you see the lovely Paula, you see my daughter Amelia, who looks exactly like Paula. You see my brother Joe, who yes, is a cloning experiment gone awry. He's not my twin.


He's actually five years younger than me. The fact that we look alike I think is a compliment to me. You better ever talk with Joe about that because he's actually younger than me. That is obviously me to left. And in the middle is a great Auburn coach, Bruce Pearl. He let us watch the shoot around At the beginning of the game. I ran into so many awesome Tennessee folks 'cause the volunteers were playing in Auburn and in Hamilton's restaurant I went to Hamilton's and Lucy's two of my favorite restaurants. Lucy's he great, I Hamilton's, I met the owner there, one of the owners and managers over there. He what a great guy. Super nice. And while in Hamilton's, I met some Tennessee fans and they were super nice to me. So I love you guys. Big huge win by Auburn. It wasn't the prettiest game.


Defensive game. Miles Kelly hit a three pointer to win the game with about 27 seconds left. It was one of the most amazing sports games I've been to in a long time. And to watch my brother and my daughter Amelia and my wife so happy and my daughter Amelia, jumping on me. It's why I love sports. You get to enjoy something with a bunch of people and forget about the world for a minute. It was a lot of fun. So there's my weekend update folks. A lot happened this weekend when the Bonino army marshals like we did for Pete Hegseth. I can't tell you how proud I am when we do it and getting Pete Hegseth through and the Bonino army being a big part of that. I gotta tell you all out there sincerely, candidly, from the bottom of, as I always say, my sometimes broken heart, look at me.


I love you guys and I deeply appreciate what you did. And I'm gonna tell you something I know Pete Hegseth, secretary Hegseth. Gosh, that sounds good. Secretary Hegseth feels the exact same way. And I know his lovely wife Jen feels the same way too. Thank you. But Ladies and gentlemen, our mission isn't done. Thank you. Bonino Army for Pete. But now we have to move on to cash. Pete's got his own mission now. Secretary Hegseth is going to clean up our broken military leadership and make it the most lethal killing machine in the world from now till perpetuity.


But now it's time to move on to Cash Patel. We can't just sit here and celebrate and crack the bubbly. But this reporter reached out and asked me, he's starting to figure out this guy who reached out from Axios that the Bonino army is a little more powerful than people think. We're kind of like, I don't know guys, tell me in the chat if I'm crazy. I'm watching you guys over here in the, what do we have again? 90 know we're about to break a hundred thousand. We're only eight minutes in. Okay? Which is just pretty freaking amazing for a live stream at 11 o'clock in the morning. So thank you. We're like the ninja Army. Okay? There are other shows out there. This is, I don't wanna say sounds like a dick move. There are great shows out there with people who really love the president, who do a wonderful job.


They get a lot of attention from the media. The Bonino show is a strange cat because the media hates us so much, they kind of avoid us. So we get to creep up. We're like the ninjas we get to creep up on. You know what I'm saying? Like you've got the samurai on the battlefield and everybody notices them with their battle battle armor, beautiful battle armor, their gleaming swords and they look scary, paint their faces, everything. You know, you see the Samurai and you're like, my guys and the Samurai were impressive, right? We're kinda like the ninjas. We creep up on you. You never see us coming.


But I gotta warn you, the media's starting to notice. So the good side is the Bongino army. Everybody's starting to notice, hey, we're the real deal. The bad side is we're not gonna be able to creep up on anyone anymore. So congratulations. Can we get a ninja? Oh, someone did it already. Who did it? Who beat? Oh my gosh, I just missed you. I'm sorry. I was, I was scrolling down and I, oh Lynn, 2, 4, 5, 6 with the ninja emoji. That is you guys. That is you guys and ladies out there we're like ninjas and I, I'm just kind of proud of that, but I'm not sure it's gonna last long. You know what? Let's go to the ninja Emojis all over the place. You don't make me laugh today. My voice is still recovering.


Hey, I'm gonna reverse this a little bit. Hold that Caroline Levit thing for a second. Can you go to the Peggy Newan article? Here's what I'm talking about by the Bonino Army and how powerful you guys are. Peggy Newan is no fan of Donald Trump. Okay? She writes for the Wall Street Journal. I'm gonna tell you something, I like her, her work. I read it. I, you don't need to be an acolyte of me or Bannon or Trump for me to like your work. I enjoy reading her stuff, even if I don't agree with her, okay? Peggy Newan has this piece called The White House Wonder Horse talking about how Trump is now at the top of his power. She doesn't like the guy, but in a good peace. And it's worth your time. She knows Trump's at the top of his power, at the top of his game. He used to be testy and aggrieve with reporters 'cause he yearned for their admiration.


Ah, maybe, maybe not. But the second part's definitely true. Now he treats these reporters with patience that come because he doesn't care about them. Cut up. Wait. She knows true Trump has his own thing going if they don't like him, it's their problem with their puny little numbers and shrinking networks. Keep in mind, this lady does not like Donald Trump, but man, that I don, whether he, that he yearned for their admiration, I'm not sure that's true. It's her opinion. Whatever the second part is, undoubtedly true. Do you notice he's different with the media now? He's not. He's not in the tussle anymore. He basically just ignores their stupidity, makes fun of them.


And who's onto the next question? Because he's like, no one's watching you idiots. Anyway, here's the part I was talking about though. Where do you think this came from? She notes for four years. It's gonna be a nonstop 24 7 Rockham Soum. God bless our beloved country history ahead. Everybody Hold on tight. Folks. Who fixed The Rock Soum? Did you guys just creep over here? Was that like a ghost? Who did? I took the Broken one. Oh you did? I'm putting Trump's face on it. Oh, You, oh, I was gonna say like, wow, that is weird. Oh, so there's another Rockham Sock two Oh, hold on a backup rock backup folks.


I didn't even know we had a backup Rockham Sock robots. I was like, how did they just do that? So the red guy right here, this is Donald Trump. Here's the media. Ah, every single time here. Wait, body slam. Ah, remember when Hogan Body, what was it, WrestleMania three or something when he body slammed Andre the giant, was it the silver door? Ah, actually Andre actually jumped onto Hogan, but whatever this is gonna be every single time, the dude, the blue dude just bounced up in here. Folks we're in charge now. Alright, did she take The Rock and Sock and robots from a, I don't know. Who cares? Doesn't even matter.


I'm just telling you, you guys are way ahead of the news cycle and so is the damn bunch. You know, show a couple things happened. And by the way, I told you a lot of people challenge me in the primary. Donald Trump's gonna be a lame duck. I said, you're missing the point. There we are. Rockham so's in the, in the chat room. Populate that chat room folks, I told you during the primary, you're reading this all wrong. Donald Trump will never be a lame duck until Donald Trump on the unfortunate day, we lose him from this earth. Like we'll lose everyone else, okay? He will never be a lame duck. His political power will outlast his presidency. He started a revolution no different than the founding of the Republican Party.


And If you don't see it, that's your problem. That's not on us. We're ahead of the news cycle. You guys are always trailing on us. He's not a lame duck. He's a guy who learned from four years and now has two years plus another two after the midterms to change his country for the better. We saw it this weekend. There are still world leaders, notably the, the president of Columbia who is a socialist. And this is very personal to me. My wife was a Columbian citizen up until 10 years ago. She's now a US citizen. I've been to Columbia many times. It is a beautiful country. I highly, highly recommend If you, If you wanna go down and travel, it's a beautiful place.


Costco Viejo is, incr is incredible to, to v to visit. Columbia is an amazing, by the way, it's spelled with COLO. A lot of people are spelling it C-O-L-L-U. It's COLO. So you don't want, you know, the the people doing the spell check thing on Twitter for you. Columbia's a beautiful place. The head of the President of Columbia. Now, Gustavo Petro is a socialist. So Donald Trump said, we are sending back Columbian citizens, by the way, who entered the United States illegally. We do a lot for Columbia. The simple answer and the correct answer and the right answer for Gustavo Petro was, okay, we will take care of our citizens.


No different than if an American had done something wrong in Columbia and and, and was in the country illegally. They sent him back. We would take care of it here. But that's not what Gustavo Pig, Gustavo Petro decided to do. He said, no, no, you're not gonna land that plane of our citizens here. He doesn't understand. This is the around and find out presidency. And Gustavo Petro is in a stage one of effing around. And he just found out. Caroline Levitt notes on her tweet, the Columbian president who decided they would not basically let the light the flights land, has now agreed to all President Trump's terms. Ladies and gentlemen, president Trump, what's the word I tell you all to remember about President Trump every single time he is transactional.


You understand transactional. He does not get emotional. He gets passionate. That's not the same thing. He does not get overly emotional about things I should say. He doesn't let me describe better. He doesn't let his passion dictate and his emotions and passion override his transactional nature. These guys are, are criminals from Columbia invaded our country illegally. Well, why are we keeping 'em? Send them back to Columbia. He doesn't wanna take 'em. Okay. Tariffs on the country. Okay, now he wants to take 'em. Okay, thanks. Move on. I'm telling you, media people, others, we said it a couple weeks ago.


Language alert, man, this is the fuck around and find out presidency. I'm not. Are we gonna win another four years? All I'm telling you is your, the media and Commies and socialists out there, you are stuck with us for four years. And you better get used to the find out portion because you're not even, you're, you're barely in stage one. You're getting ready for the find out portion If you are a military leader, two, obsessed with DEI and not obsessed with lethality. Our military is one job. There's the bad guy. Kill them before they kill us. That's their job. That's why they're freaking out about Pete Hegseth, thank you to the Vino army again, secretary Hegseth in charge.


Now moving on to cash. We gotta get that done, but I want you to listen to this. Secretary Hegseth at his swearing in ceremony, spoke briefly about his three principles for the military. Short. It's about a minute, but it's worth your time. This is a clarion call moment. I want you to listen to all three of these things. And if you're not a crazy, sick, liberal lunatic, tell me which one of these three you disagree with. Check this out. We will put America first. First we will bring peace through strength. And the three principles I talked about are, are what we will bring to that Pentagon. Restore the warrior ethos in everything that we do. Rebuild our military and reestablish deterrence. We don't want to fight wars. We want to deter them, as you said, and we want to end them responsibly.


But if we need to fight them, we're gonna bring overwhelming and decisive force to close with and destroy the enemy and bring our boys home. We are not gonna prolong wars. We're not gonna prolong wars by running politically correct outs. We are gonna do everything we can to stay out of wars and we should. Pete Hegseth is not what we would call an interventionist in the traditional, I hate the term NeoCon way, Pete Hegseth. However's not stupid and realizes the United States does have to secure sea lanes. Open trade. Open travel. The world requires it. And if you're gonna eff around with us, you are gonna find out. But what Pete is saying is you're gonna find out quick shock and awe.


You're gonna find out quick. And it is gonna be decisive. There's not gonna be any more dicking around. There's not gonna be any more PC wars. There's gonna be overwhelming force and the enemy is going to die quickly. That's it. Pete's three principles there. Secretary Hegseth. Sorry, it's gonna take a little getting used to. No, I promise you. Zero disrespect intended. And it's not one of these humble brags, eh, I know Pete. A lot of people know Pete, it's Secretary HEGs said it's proper. It reminds me of Fox Connor's rules of war, Fox, Connor's rules of war. Very simple. And I encourage the secretary and others they know about them. They don't need to hear 'em from me. But digest all of 'em.


Never go to war alone. Never go to war for long and never go to war unless we absolutely have to. You apply those to secretary, he now three principles here of lethality and how we're gonna build our military. And we're gonna not only build up our military, but if we get involved, we are gonna get involved to win and win decisively. And Ladies and gentlemen, you've got an unbeatable formula in the world's greatest military for, to establish American dominance. Again, here is President Trump on the confirmation of now, secretary Hegseth. Quick 20 seconds on it. President Trump gets it. He knows he picked the right guy. And thank you again, Bonino army for getting this done. You guys and ladies are the best out there.


Listen to this, check this out. We're Honored to have Pete. I think Pete's gonna be a great Secretary of Defense, Pete Eth. And we're honored to have him. I apologize, I couldn't hear you. Did you say you were speaking to him on the phone? No, I I did speak to Pete. Yeah, in the plane. In the helicopter. I think Pete is gonna be a great secretary of present. Are you disappointed that McConnell voted? No? I didn't even know that. No, I don dunno that I, I just heard that we won. Winning is what matters, right? Catch up in the chat. Mitch McConnell and has and will always be a sellout trader to the US and snake in the grass.


Course. McConnell voting no on now. Secretary Heg said McConnell's all about party unity until it's about McConnell and he can make a fake statement. McConnell's a fraud. He's always been a fraud. S of McConnell. A couple of good things. He did the filibuster fight. That's it. But it doesn't, it doesn't compensate for his attacks on people like Mike Lee, Ted Cruz and elsewhere. I'm tired of him. Rakowski, Of course, a total joke. I, I'll keep telling, by the way, whoever is the, the, the guy on Twitter, because I follow a lot of your traffic guys, this is like an interactive type of show. I wanna make sure you guys and I are vibing who said Dan Bonino said Collins is great or Collins shouldn't be primary or something. Do you guys remember that on the show?


Can you pull that segment for me? He's like, no we can't because that segment never happened. This is not what I said. 'cause then a thousand people, I never trusted that guy. Well that's great because I'm not that guy. So you can trust the other guy. My take on Collins is this nothing to do with pri. You had a primary, it'll go right ahead. My take on Collins is we have enough, we have a limited amount of political capital to get things done. Wasting a lot of time on Collins in a blue state is not the best way to move the ball forward when we can spend a lot of time and effort getting rid of Murkowski and McConnell in freaking red states.


That's what I'm saying. Nobody, nobody ever said don't ever primary. Where did you hear that on the show? If you can pull that, I'd be quite impressed 'cause it never happened. I'm not defending Colin. She's always gonna screw us over. But you're not gonna do any better in Maine. You wanna go up there and spend a billion dollars on a seat, we're likely gonna lose. Rather than getting rid of McConnell Murkowski and getting real Republicans in there, that's your call. You're not trust the plan. The plan I told you in the last election, did it work? Everybody we had on the show, Bernie Moreno, John Tester, these guys won. Dave McCormick trust your boy by the way, I got a little piece of Americana coming up for you.


America is so back, you have no idea. Did you hear this thing over the weekend? Standby. I'm gonna get to that for you.


Hey. Yeah. Do you know there's a victim of identity theft every three seconds? What has two thumbs and how does identity stone two? This guy, they stole my American Express card number years ago and started subscribing to a bunch of, I was living in Maryland at the time and they started subscribing to a bunch of real estate programs. It was a train wreck. It's identity theft awareness week. It's perfect time to protect your identity with the company. I used LifeLock. I've used them forever. Lots of places like doctors offices and retailers can accidentally expose your personal info, leaving you open to identity threats. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second and alerts you to uses of more uses of your personal information. I get a text they call If you do become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock has a, LifeLock has a professional restoration specialist with the experience to know-how to fix identity theft issues, guaranteed, or your money back. Plus plans include the million dollar protection package, which up with up to $3 million in coverage for the most comprehensive plan. Protect yourself with the company I use on identity theft awareness week and every week of the year with LifeLock. Been using 'em for a long time. Save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/bonino. If you don't have it and you get your identity stolen, you're gonna regret it. That's lifelock.com/bonino. Save up to 40% terms. Apply LifeLock for the threats you can't control. Thank you LifeLock. They've been good to me for a long time. Saved me a lot of grief after that. Disaster folks.


Just quickly. America is so back and it is a Monday. I actually enjoy Monday because I've got bottled up energy from the weekend, as you can always see. And I enjoy the weekend update. But did you see that? Does anyone know who this this young man is? I don wanna say kid, but this young man is, he's playing the national anthem like Jimi Hendrix style at a school auditorium. And man can, this could be reminds me like Jimmy Page. Jimi Hendrix. You guys see this? Take a look. Take a little quick listen to this thing.


Oh sorry, second man. Can that kid play? I saw there was a thing a, a banner up that said union and the caught tigers. So young Patriot, I don't know your name. Does anyone in the chat know his name? We usually get someone, anyone say, 'cause we got 145,000 people here, so surely somebody knows this shit. Wait, wait, wait. Stevie Ag, is that his, I mean, is that right? I don't know If you guys know this guy, just send him our love. That is just an amazing piece of Americana right there. Goes on. You should see it. I think I retweeted it on my ex feed. So America's back. I wanna get you in the mood on Monday. We got a lot more to talk about. Not just Pete, not just what happened in Columbia, not just The Rock and Sock and robots Peggy Noonan article, but it were some big interviews this weekend.


Vice President JD Vance did his first vice presidential interview. Listen, I saw a couple people commenting on Twitter that friends of mine too, that he should have done a conservative outlet first. You know, this is one of those things where it pains me to say it, but I actually disagree. Why does it pain me to say it pain me to say this? Because number one, the people who are saying it I really love. But second, I feel like we should have gotten it first interview. 'cause we really went hard for JD Vance. But I've gotta be straight with you folks. I can't get emotional about this stuff. I'm an outcomes based guy. JD Vance doesn't need to convince our audience. He's the guy he needs to convince a squishy five, 6% of the population to get behind this legislative agenda.


And truth be told, he's so good at just politically destroying left wing media narratives that he's far better off on these shows. He just is, it, it, it pains me to say I would've loved to get the first interview, but that's not the way that, you know, it's Miss Gilford used to say, my fifth grade teacher, the cookie crumbles. Here he is in his interview on CBS with Margaret Brennan. And again, just dis absolutely destroying this ridiculous narrative that because immigrants partook in the creation of the United States and its wealth which happens in every country on earth that we have to, that we're then obligated to continue a destructive and dangerous immigration policy.


These two things are non sequiturs. He, Margaret Brenner thinks she got it. She gets 'em on this one. Watch JD just, just blow this thing out. Check this out. This Is a very unique country and it was founded by some I immigrants and some settlers. But just because we were founded by immigrants doesn't mean that 240 years later that we have to have the dumbest immigration policy in the world. Thank you jd. And you know what I find fascinating about this question? This is how you're gonna address this. Okay, well, I, that sounded very, sounded like a kind of a dick there. This is how you should address this with your liberal friends. If you have any left when I country bail by immigrants, well, no kidding. My, my my, you know, they did take a, play a role in creating this country as JD accurately said.


There were some settlers, there were Native Americans, there were other people here. Every country on earth has had people cross the border. And we're, we're naturally, you know, travelers and a lot of people are, can be very nomadic. Okay? This is nothing to do with anything. The question is what's the most effective immigration policy for the United States? But that's not, that's not the point. When they bring up the country's built by immigrants, you know what you should say to 'em? You ready? Write this down. You know what's fascinating? How you guys only seem to like history when it fits your narrative? Crazy, right? Chad? Tell me I'm wrong. Every other bit of our history, positive and negative, they wanna wipe out everything.


Statues, the Civil War, even though we fought for people's independence, like, well, other people fought against it, right? But the good side won. The good side won. They don't, they don't care about our history at all. They wanna wipe all history clean until it comes to a narrative that we should have open borders. They're like, oh, no, no, no. The place is built by immigrants. And then, and here's the interesting, here's another one. I didn't even think of this. You know, they're always talking about white rage and white privilege. You know, it's fascinating 'cause a lot of the settlers who built this place that you call immigrants were actually people you claim to hate who had so-called white privilege. Fascinating how you guys changed the argument all the time.


JD is right. It's like, excuse me, vice President Vance. A hundred percent right? Dumbest freaking policy ever. Here's another big LOL moment. Margaret Brennan from CBS, who, they're just, these are just stupid gotcha questions. Here's the problem with gotcha questions with Vice President Vance. He's smarter than these idiots. It, it, it's really, it's like your 12-year-old playing tic-tac toe with you and thinking they caught you. It's not gonna, it's, it's like fetch. It's not gonna happen. Here she is ridiculously trying to claim that immigrants from some of these terror prone countries are somehow vetted as if the, the Taliban has like a DMV crime system where they can go into full de te databases and vet people before they come here.


This is really stupid. Check this out. When You talk to us in August, you said, I don't think we should abandon anybody who's been properly vetted and helped us. Do you stand by that? Well, Margaret, I don't agree that all these immigrants or all these refugees have been properly vetted. In fact, we know that there are cases of people who allegedly were properly vetted and then were literally planning terrorist attacks on our country. That happened during the campaign. If you may remember. So clearly not all of these foreign nationals. Yeah, but there are Veted thousand people in the pipeline, Afghan Refugees. But my primary concern, do you stand by concern as the Vice President Margaret, is to look after the American people. And now that know that we have vetting problems with a lot of these refugee programs, we absolutely cannot unleash thousands of unvetted people into our country.


These people are t it's Not good. These people are vetted. Just Like the guy who planned a terrorist attack in Oklahoma a few months ago. He was allegedly properly vetted and many people in the media and the Democratic Party said that he was properly vetted. Clearly he wasn't. Yeah, I don't want my children to share a neighborhood with people who are not properly vetted. And because I don't want it for my kids. I'm not gonna force any other American citizens' kids to do that either. No. And and that was a very particular case. It wasn't clear if he was radicalized when he got here or while he was living here. But I Don't really care, Margaret. I don't want that person in my country. And I think most Americans agree with me. Where is it? Justin bought me. This is just my birthday present from Justin. Here it is here.


It's, you know what that is? It's a people's elbow. That's a people's elbow. Get it up in the chat people's elbow right now. It could be, You know what this is? He got me this one, this karate man. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's both. Maybe it's the people's elbow. Then she gets up all days and karate man strikes after that. A normal combo. That's a d that's a, it's the greatest of all combos. It's like, it's the equivalent of like a seven motley thing.


Like it's never happened. But it could have been the first time. So much so that a rallying cry, a rallying cry for Republicans has now become today. If you've seen the gif, have you guys seen the Gies? The Gies are out there. Oh, you fixed them? Oh, Look at this. He put the liberal carry guy and the Trump face on. Ah, this is freaking crazy. We got The Rock him. Oh my gosh. We like really smashed up The Rock him Sock him. Guy. Wait, we gotta keep Trump here. Trump rock him. Sock him here. You stay here. I wish the guys did You like this guy? Check him out.


Chop. This is like people's elbow rock 'em, Sock him. This. I I've never seen anything like this there. Is there anyone better at this than jd? Folks? This, the, the the rallying cry on X is now I don't care. Margaret Margaret's the new Karen. I get it dear. My name's Margaret. My name's Dan. Did you ever look at like the top names of Dick's? It's always Dan Number. I'm sorry, I like my name Dan. But people say most people who Dan are dicks are assholes. So I get it. I I'm totally get it. But I'm sorry. Margaret's may be to new Karen's. Karen is getting a reprieve.


I don't care. Margaret has become the new rallying cry for Republicans. What do we care if he was radicalized when he was here, over there, he shouldn't have been here. Is that a hint? You should, should have said something. Weren't you? We're not. Where did I, you know what? You should have said G You should, you should have been like, how did you feel this weekend? What did you didn't, didn't you have the problem on the trip? I'm sure, I'm sure J d's mind was really clear because he No, you're stretching on that one.


All family farmer folks, I'm reading my own spot. I don't really care what they say. Sorry they saved me again this weekend. I kid you not, so I call my doctor, right? Like Wednesday or so. I got the inauguration crud. We do a little teller thing, get some tests. I'm not gonna tell you what I, 'cause it really did, but it wasn't Covid. So, you know, but he's like, eh, that's pretty rough. Okay, I kid you not, this is not a joke. You know, I don't mess with sponsors and stuff. He's like, I'm gonna prescribe you some of these antivirals and some other stuff to get you through this because it's, you know, it could get rough the next few days. I said Doc, I may be on the road but don't sweat it. I already have this stuff here because of my buddies at all. Family Pharma, totally not messing with you. You wanna get lifesaving medications like ivermectin antibiotics, hydroxychloroquine, blood pressure meds, you name it. No hassle, no red tape once you qualify per prescription. All family pharma delivers fast two to four days or even overnight. Even if it's urgent. Stock up now like I did 'cause I wasn't gonna be able to get to a pharmacy and be ready for anything. How do you do it all Family pharma.com/bonino. All Family Pharmacy makes it. Simply customize your order. Get a comprehensive package tailored to your needs. You don't need to see a doctor there. Evaluate your request and provide the prescription that's right for you. It's healthcare that works for you, not against you. Be proactive, not reactive when it comes to your health. Here's what you need to do. Write this down. Go to all family pharma.com/bonino. Order online use code Bonino 10 for 10% off your entire order. Don't wait. That's all family pharma.com/bonino code bonino 10 for 10% off. Check them out. Thank you for saving my butt again. All family pharma, all family farmer ion not attended at substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider


and our last sponsor before I tear up the airwaves with another 30 minutes of content here and a radio show. 'cause that's what we do. He's like, are you tired? No, I'm not. You know why? 'cause we had our Beam Dream powder last night. If you don't sleep good, you're definitely not gonna recover from sickness. And you may get sick because poor sleep takes a toll on your life. That's why I am always excited to talk about beams. Dream powder science back nighttime blend for sleep that's clinically shown. Improve sleep and help you Waking up refresh, help you wake up. Refresh sends out. They sent me some a while ago. It's game changer now as I look ahead to 2025. I wanna keep the momentum going. Beam Dream Powder is a part of my nighttime routine, makes big difference. Other sleep aids can cause the next day gro grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athenian Apogen and and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed the Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the New Year. Try beams bestselling dream powder and Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Shop BEA m.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout shop b eam.com/bonino code buno for up to 45% off. Thanks shopping, dude.


How did you get the Trump face on here so quick. Did you cut that out over there or something? Yeah, that is, look at that. Can you guys see that? You can see that, right? Yeah. That, that is pretty awesome. We have our own Rockham Sock robot guy with the Trump face. This is dedicated to Mr. President. I know people give you a lot of stuff, but If you wanna sign this, we will auction this off again and raise more money for charity. I'm still gonna auction off my inauguration day show. I gotta set that up with gee, we're all gonna share. We cut that check to Samaritan's Purse, by the way, for the baseball $55,000. Samaritan's Purse sent us a lovely thank you letter, but it's not me. The gentleman who bought the baseball, that was their money. We're just the conduit. But if we can raise money for charity, you ever wanna sign this Mr.


President? We will. I'm telling you, this thing will raise $75,000. We'll give it again to Samaritan's Purse as up to you, but no one's gonna pay 75 for maybe if Justin signed it, we'll get five. What do you think? If he doesn't sign it, we'll have Justin sign. We'll see how people want him be. A slight discount, slight discount. Mexico's refusing to accept the US de deportation flight as Trump's immigration overhaul gets into full swing. We saw this story in the New York Post. Listen guys, I'm just gonna repeat over and over again. This is the Rockham, so presidency and it is also the FAFO presidency. I get it. It's sarcastic. It's kind of meant to be in some ways, you know, humorous and, and entertaining as part of the educational portion of the show.


But I am dead serious at the premise of it that Donald Trump is not kidding around. And If you know Donald Trump, even casually the way a lot of people do, including some of the people here, he was never coming to office to mess around for four years. He was coming into office to change this country. And if you're not ready for the fo portion, he's gonna make you ready. Real quick, here's what I love about this combo. And when I say this combo, I'm talking about Vice President Vance and President Trump. They have these contrasting styles and it's absolute political gold to watch. You've got, you know, jd, who's kind of just this methodical, don't care Margaret Guy.


And then you've got President Trump, who is the necessary bulldozer that kind of bull in the China shop we really, really needed. And the contrast in styles is absolute goal. Having said that, though, I think the Trump bulldozer style, one of the things that's lost about President Trump, and again, I don't wanna over exaggerate my relationship with him. I I, I'm, I'm very, I hate that that drives me freaking nuts. I told the Axios guy that I know him enough to seen what he's like behind the scenes. And you know, Scott Adams, he Dilbert the famous comic Dilbert, he tweeted this out and man did this ring my bell because he's so right.


It's one of the Trump attributes that's frequently overlooked. And he notes that Trump's least appreciated. Superpowers is listening skill. Everyone who experiences it comes away impressed. He never interrupts. He's always focused and genuinely caring. I don't wanna spend a ton of time on this, but I want, it's an important point. And I wanna spend enough that you don't miss this If you were ever with him alone, and I've only, it's only happened. And, and when I say alone, I mean there's not a thousand staffers around. I mean, like you and him. 'cause he's never really alone secret service and everything. But you get my point. If you're ever with him on a one-on-one, which have only been a couple times, you know this is true.


He will sit there at a dinner table with you like we did in Bedminster and he will intently listen to everything you're saying. And he is so eager to let you know he's listening to you that he'll ask questions at what I don't even know if he really wants. He just wants to make sure, you know, he's listening. I don't know if that makes sense, but like, that's the kind of guy he is. Why am I bringing this up? 'cause you saw it this weekend in North Carolina, California. You don't see him in Melania go into the devastated areas of North Carolina, hurricane Helene. Right? And you don't see him making the event about him. He makes the event about other people. How can I prove it?


He, he's got a microphone in the entire world listening and he goes, Hey, you wanna come over and tell your story? He does it all the time, folks, that's who Donald Trump is. You know, he's candid, frank, non-emotional kind of transactional nature. The actual sympathetic side of him gets lost often. But I wanna get back to the transactional bulldozer side too, because that's important. 'cause this government is way too broken to be fixed with niceties and cutesy time and cutesy time is over. There are California democrats out there who created the conditions for this devastating wildfire with a bunch of policy initiatives.


Whether it's on water bureaucratic management of the water supply, the lack of burn control, it will only lead to another disaster for the United States government. And granted, by the way, California taxpayers or taxpayers too, that's the way it goes. However, for the federal government to give federal money to a California government, that is only going to create more danger for California citizens is not helping California. So Donald Trump wants California to clean up its election system so they can vote for people who will change things, but it also wants 'em to fi he wants 'em to fix the water, or we're gonna pay them to create conditions for more fires.


Here's transactional Trump, like, you know what, we'll consider some of this disaster money, Of course, but you guys are gonna have to fix some of these problems first. And I say, good for transactional Trump, check this out. Funding to Los Angeles because of its sanctuary city policy, I want to see two things in Los Angeles, voter id so that the people have a chance to vote and I want to see the water be released and come down into Los Angeles and throughout the state. Those are the two things. After that, I will be the greatest president that California ever has ever seen. I mean, look, he's got Newsom right next to him. Dan, he hates Newsom. Newsom hates him.


Guys, I wanna sound like an asshole, but I can't tell you this enough. Donald Trump is passionate, but he does not get emotional. You know what a passionate but overly emotional person does? I want that guy outta here and he makes a big deal about it. You know what Donald Trump says? This guy wants money from us. He wants my ear for a few minutes, all right? He's gonna listen to this press conference in front of the world and, or, or, and, and he's gonna make sure he hears all this stuff. Yeah, Newsom came, greeted him at the plane. That was actually before he went out there. It wasn't Newsom, but you get the point. This is his conditions. That was before he left in North Carolina, so, excuse me, but Newsom came out there. He's a totally not, he's passionate, non-emotional guy.


Newsom wants to come out there and visit him unexpectedly. Whatever. Fine. Cool. Here are my conditions. Here he is again, confronting a number of Democrat congressmen, is it Brad Sherman, and then the LA mayor. That's the dreadful Karen Bass, who now she still has a job. She should have resigned already. It's just unbelievable. She was in Ghana when the city was burning. I mean, just like Niro fiddling here. Here's Donald Trump asking a question about FEMA folks, this is a real question that any transactional businessman would ask, like FEMA screwed up the last four or five big disasters, okay?


They could have handled this thing a lot better. There's over, it's overly bureaucratic. The money flows in all the wrong directions. Trump's asking a serious question. You're like, why is the federal government managing local emergencies? Why aren't the locals maybe with federal support managing local emergencies? Why is the money flow? I'm not, I'm, I'm not saying the locals army, I'm just saying, why is the money flow top down when it should be coming from the bottom and staying at the bottom with the people who are hurting there? Listen to this. Check this out. I'll also be signing an executive order to begin the process of fundamentally reforming and overhauling fema or maybe getting rid of fema.


I think frankly, FEMA's not good. I think when you have a problem like this, I think you want to go and whether it's a Democrat or Republican governor, you want to use your state to fix it and not waste time calling fema. And then FEMA gets here and they don't know the area. They've never been to the area, and they want to give you rules that you've never heard about. They wanna bring people that aren't as good as the people you already have. And FEMA's turned out to be a, a disaster. And you could go back a long way. You could go back to Louisiana, you could go back to some of the things that took place in Texas. It, it turns out to be the state that ends up doing the work. It just complicates it.


I think we're gonna recommend that FEMA go away and we pay directly. We pay a percentage to the state, but the state should fix this. If the state did this from the beginning, it would've been a lot better situation. I think you guys agree with that, right? I mean, I, I I, I'll just change one thing. We don't even need the money to go to the federal government where the government pays it to the states. Just keep the money with the states. How about we just lower the tax rates, let the state do their most of 'em. Matter of fact, all of 'em have some emergency management agencies and just fortify them. There's really no reason for that. This is what a transactional president looks like.


FEMA's not working. So why do we have fema? They're like, oh my gosh, you can't say that. What is the government? We, we need to be involved. Why do you need to be involved? I wanna get to something that, I got a ton of questions this weekend. That's why I spent some, we're gonna spend a little time on this topic. It's why I left it for last. I didn't tease at the beginning of the show, but this is an important topic. I got bombarded with media people this weekend asking me about this because of my time in the secret service there. Donald Trump decided this weekend and that they should poll security details from a number of people.


John Bolton, Anthony Fauci. So Of course, given my security background, I didn't answer anyone of, Of course, on this thing because I were gonna, I was gonna handle it on my show because you know, I'm gonna be, they're gonna be misquoted on it. Anyway, so in the case of that, I just left it. But I want you to watch this. First, I'm gonna explain to you what's really going on here and why this is, this is not an easy decision, but if a, it, it's not, there's no good or bad here. There's only bad and worse, okay? And the worst decision was to give people security details for the rest of their lives. Okay? Especially here. This is gonna cost a lot of money. First, listen to Trump on this. Check this out.


You know, they all made a lot of money. They can hire their own security too. All the people you're talking about, they can go out. I can give 'em some good numbers of very good security people. They can hire their own security. They all made a lot of money. Fauci made a lot of money. They all did. So if they, you know, felt that strongly, I, I think that certainly I would not take responsibility. You see, with the media narrative, they're already starting to, they're starting to seed kind of the field here to let the narrative grow and they're gonna water it. That if something happens, it's your fault. Notice now that the Biden aligned management of the Secret Service, when they cut funds from Donald Trump and he got shot in the head and almost shot again, that that wasn't the narrative at all in the left wing media.


So media people can take the double barrel middle finger and up, okay? Forget their narratives, ignore it, move on. They're gonna say that no matter what, it's Donald Trump's fault. Nobody wants anything to happen. I absolutely resolutely condemn any violence directed at people with the purest of hearts. Spent my entire life put my safety on the line. That'd be dramatic. But you get the point to protect people. I didn't like politically. So no one's gonna lecture me on this. However, folks, there are thousands of people in the United States government that because they take these positions, understand there's going to be a security threat.


They're gonna have to mitigate. I wish it weren't the case, but it is. The government does not have the time, the resources, the money to give perpetual security details for the rest of their lives to all of these people. I'm gonna give you an example of what I mean that no one in the media will address. What's Dr. Fauci security threat level? The answer is, I don't know. I haven't seen the threat assessments. I hope it's not high, but it may be. I don't know. I hope it isn't. But I can tell you for a fact that some assistant United States attorneys and the United States attorneys, I worked with FBI agents and agents who prosecuted the mob and terrorists, their threat levels, threw the roof.


There's one particular guy, I'm not gonna say his name, but he was involved deeply in the Gambino crime family thing very deeply. There were threats against his life for a long time. Let me give you another guy who had some threats against them that were relayed by a United States Attorney's office. It's in Maryland. I'm not sure If you can fo it or figure if it's, if it's on record, but it should be this guy. I worked a big fraud case and one of the people involved in the case, they overheard him on, I don't know if it was like a prison call or if it was a recorded phone call talking about how I was trouble for them and basically need to get rid of me, folks, it's part of the job.


I wish it weren't, but you know, sometimes you, what about police officers out there who lock up neighborhood bad guys? They don't get a security detail. We cannot afford a security detail for every single person who goes into government law enforcement or intelligence and has threats against them. We just can't. It's something you accept as part of the job, by the way, me included. I wish it weren't the case, but it is. Second, there's an opportunity cost to this. You are gonna give 10 20 US Marshals, 10 20 secret service guys, 10 20 capital police guys to an expanding portfolio of Protectee, as we call 'em.


Then what happens? That's less people to protect the president, speaker and others. This is not a freebie, folks. We don't have time, we don't have money, we don't have the ability to do this. It's, it's not an easy call. But in a world of bad and worst choices, it was the only one. They can't have security details the rest of their lives. You're gonna give 'em to all the United States attorneys too. What about Supreme Court Justices forever for the rest of their lives, everybody's gonna have a security detail gonna cost us 20, $30 billion to secure the whole known universe of bureaucrats.


Speaking of which, on the security front, I'm gonna just give a little shout out to the advanced team and the people on the Trump transition team who managed to pull this off, having personal experience with doing this, what we would call OTRs off the record, movements like last rec, last minute changes to the schedule. I can't believe how they pulled this off. There's a story in the Daily caller, Henry Rogers, good guy, good reporter out there, talks about how they basically took about three or four days to transform the inauguration from an outdoor to this indoor event in the Rotunda and How A Group Of Young Trump Staffers Executed His Inaugural Vision. It's a good piece to read, but Ladies and gentlemen, when you are doing an advance like the inauguration to put you behind the scenes and you're an agent working with The White House staffer or a transition team staffer, in the case of the Trump transition team, the inauguration is, I kid you not a four to six month minimum endeavor.


It is a massive enterprise credentialing airspace, tactical mitigation, a medical plan, weather issues, motorcades, counter sniper, counter surveillance. It is an enormous plan to move that thing last minute indoors, which sounds easier with three days. Can you imagine all the access control issues and all of the, the credentialing that had to be changed? It is a nightmare. So Pat on the back to the Secret Service guys. You know, Matt McCool, the Washington Field office and the advanced guys from the detail who made that happen and the Trump advance team who made it happen.


It's impressive, folks, when you're doing kind of an off the record movement, nobody knows and you switch it at the last minute, everybody in the world knew we were changing it to inside and they still pulled it off. Anyway, a couple more stories I wanna get to in the remaining few minutes I have with you. This is important. I need you all to be very careful about this Vladimir Putin clip. It's been making its way around the internet. I would be very cautious about this. Extremely cautious. The Russians are known for playing us. They're trying to create division here. Folks, I don't care if they say something that sounds like it's targeted to you and you think it comports with something you want to hear. They're playing us always, and you should disregard this stuff, but it's making its way around the internet.


Now, check this out Putin. Yes sir. If he had been the president, if the victory wasn't stolen from him in 2020, maybe the Ukrainian crisis that arose in 2022 should have never appeared. I'm just telling you. Yes, 2020 was absolutely stolen. I, I believe that. I mean, it's hard to prove it counterfactual, however, we've talked about this extensively. But there's no question this guy is using buzzwords to try to get your attention because he knows he's in trouble right now.


Just be careful here and be cautious. Don't let these people play you with this nonsense and I know you won't. Alright, we got an update folks. Throw it up on the screen. Remember our, I know the white doesn't show well on camera. Does that list? Yep. List of media hoaxes we have first, Of course, Elon is a Nazi. Remember with the Elon came out to basically say hello and thank people. They call him a Nazi. We have an update. Throw it up on the screen If you would. Guys, we're gonna do this live. Bill Eugen, Chicago Public Schools falsely claimed they blocked ICE officers from entering a school.


The narrative took off. Turns out it wasn't ice, it was secret service agents investigating a threat. So number two, writing this down. Chicago ICE raids in schools. So we are a weak plus into the Trump team. And Ladies and gentlemen, we've got an update to the board already. This is not good and I'm gonna tell you why. Because we were gonna try to keep all the hoaxes to one whiteboard, but we are only a week plus in. And Justin says you're gonna have to start writing a whole lot smaller, but then you can't see it on the camera.


So I, we're not erasing anything. We may have to go with multiple boards, but hoax two, and it's only been a couple of days, we will keep track. That is gonna be the formal list going forward. Whiteboard Wall. The new studio in the new studio. That's a good idea. Can we, you know what, we'll get like a whiteboard chalkboard. That's a good idea. I love that idea. Remember Glenn Beck used to, that's a cool idea. I like that. Good idea, Justin. No studio. Open it soon. By the way, you guys wanna come for a live show? How do you feel about that? We got a little mini golf thing on the side in case you wanna challenge Justin. Justin's like Arnold Parer, man, he's really good. Did you know that? He's like, really? I'm like, no, not really. Just made that up. Folks. Download the Rumble app. We've had an amazing week. So proud of Rumble. Everything you're doing with Tether and the company, just amazing.


Please download the Free Rumble app. That's where you can watch my show every single day. Sometimes people go, Dan, where do I find your show? Rumble Rumble Rumble Rumble. Download the Rumble app, or If you just wanna watch on your computer, rumble.com/bonino, join us for the chat with 163,000 people today at 11:00 AM Eastern Time every single day. Also, give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in a few minutes, and back here, live tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.