
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Happy Columbus Day. Yes, Columbus Day What a great day to celebrate adventurous explorers around the world, early entrepreneurs and people who brought civilization around the world. What a great day. It. Is Columbus Day fantastic? All my Italian brothers and sisters out There. I mean. My last name is Bonino, although my Italian friends tell me it's an actually be pronounced Bonino like Bonjour like Bonjourno in Italian.


But I don't really speak Italian and we've been pronouncing It Bonino forever. So Bon, it's gonna be, it's not Indigenous People's Day. It's Columbus Day. It's a proud day. All You adventurers out There hot tip to You You know it's things like the fake holiday of indigenous people's day that makes I lost about sane people really upset You know and I. Think that's Why the really, really, really bad Kamala Harris campaign, which has sucked. Mega Moosh is only getting worse.


And this weekend was the debacle of all debacle when You are being attacked simultaneously by Saturday Night Live Time magazine. And then You are tampon loving vice presidential nominee goes on a fake photo op pheasant hunt and can't even load his own shotgun. It's a bad day. It's a bad day. Justin. can You help tampon Tim next time load his shotgun. can You help him out? Justin? No. Justin's a young man. The tampon. Tim's got about 85 years on Justin. He'll figure It out. Big show today.


A lot going on. I'll give You a quick weekend update too.


What The, hell You all know I Can't sleep without my Beam Dream powder. They have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off Visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino as I said, big show.


Just when You thought this atrocious campaign couldn't get any worse. Believe It or not It does


Hey when You use the bathroom. You close the door behind You, right? You don't want some random passerby checking You out. So Why would You let people look in on You when You go online using the internet without express VPNs like going to the bathroom and not close the door. Do You know your internet service provider knows every single website, You, Visit. And what's worse is they can sell this information to ad companies and tech giants who will use your data to target You Express. VPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So your online activity can't be seen by anyone. I, use ExpressVPN and all my devices and using Express VPNs as easy as closing the bathroom door. Just fire up The app, click one button and You are protected. ExpressVPN is the world's The number one rated VPN by Mashable, the Verge and countless others. I use It 'cause nobody's business What you're doing online. So secure your privacy today. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bino, use my exclusive link, ex P-R-E-S-S ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Get extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Make sure to Check it out. Thanks ExpressVPN.


Alright fellas, on this Columbus Day of the Columbus Day. Bell First. Ladies and gentlemen, if There was ever a time do We still Have The flag here? I don't even know where. Yes we do. Look at that. know Penalty on The Field. 15 yards unauthorized disclosure of information and drawing the conclusion from It in severe violation of the Bonino rule. That's actually 25 yards. Read non 10. Please do not jump ahead of this just a news story. It's been all over the place. Not just just The news, but I like just the news as an outlet. There was a man apparently with a firearm who showed up at a Trump Coachella rally in California and immediately The stories went out in severe violation of the Bonino rule that this may have been a third assassination attempt.


Folks, I'm m sorry. I don't mean to sound like a dick, it's just The truth. Nobody's got better sources on stuff than me. I'm telling You all from trusted insiders who have torn, not even blown The whistle have torn The facade off all the secret service failures. Please stand easy on this from well number one, I. This is like defamation lawsuit central for people going after this guy claiming he was There to assassinate the president. If You don't know that You better be damn careful about throwing That out. There I would be extremely cautious about this story from What. I'm hearing It appears, appears and everyone gets the benefit of the doubt in our court system.


Of course he's gonna have his day. What We would call in my time a situation where we would call them buffs. You know What a buff. Is anyone in law enforcement that chat You have any idea? What A buff is a buff is like one of these guys who they buff out. They they have all The equipment in The car. It's not a knock, it's just You. See It a lot and You. You need like kind of a term. So That You don't blow up your spot. People will show up at these, the Trump rallies and everything's kitted out and they've got everything in The car and they don't realize they're not supposed to You know. Be There in that secure area with that type of stuff. I would be really cautious. I'm not gonna say more about It, I'm just telling You The We thwarted a third assassination attempt story penalty on The Field.


It's a severe Bino rule hold. Okay, You know You all re looking forward to my commentary. My sources are telling me That is in fact not the case. Alright good. can We move on I just You know I feel an obligation to get That out. There. If new information services and We find out the opposite I promise, you'll be the First to know We haven't steered You wrong on any secret service story. Just when You thought this absolute shit show of a campaign couldn't get any worse. The Kamala collapse right now is hilarious. What, did your boy tell You What has two thumbs and called this shit this guy What. Did I say, gee, did I not say a long time ago this was AstroTurf?


Yes, It is this guy You ever see iRobot that is like, gee, yes, It is, this is Why. I love when GH tells You. So man, he means It. I said forever. This thing is all bs. Folks The Kamala Harris campaign was never Kamala lament. There was never any substance behind the, the polls re all Astro turf. Your boy told You. I had It based on evidence. She has never caught fire anywhere outside of lunatic left wing areas of California where they cleared The field for her. She got crushed in The presidential campaign. The campaign was obviously one big giant fraud and kick in The balls The whole thing.


Now here's what's happening. You ready for The Bluff the bottom line up front. Folks I don't wanna hear Red Wave talk again, get out and execute. There could be an enormous amount of cheating. There are I lost about illegals? Do not get cocky. I'm just telling You to give You an objective realistic view here. So I don't bullshit You on The other side either Kamala Harris's chances of winning this are getting smaller at this point by The minute, she has absolutely nothing going for her. There is a major schism between the White House, the Biden White House and The Kamala campaign. Dr. Jill World's prominent author, orthopedic surgeon, Dr.


Jill Biden, right? She hates Kamala Kamala's team is a mess. They told her to go out and do interviews, they blew up in her face. Tampon, Tim can't even load a shotgun. The worst V VP pick we've seen in forever. It is a mess right now. It's getting so bad that media outlets right now are starting to report in advance that Hey We may have really missed the ball here. And The Biden team I'm hearing is starting to leak out. Hey I told You We re the ones who beat Trump before We could've beat him again And You picked this idiot when this kind of stuff is appearing in The Hill, not known for their right-leaning, conservative leaning commentary.


Folks You know there's big trouble. The four reasons Kamala Harris is losing Folks. This article is just from two days ago. The First problem they note is Kamala She. She's simply not a very good can ladies. And this is in the She. She lacks confidence and is seemingly terrified to take any unrehearsed or unvetted policy questions. The liability's not a surprise to those who follow politics, but this is a new concern for a number of voters. Guys. I told You man, The woman is a genuinely awful candidate. I'm gonna say something now. And can I, can You may laugh if You laugh.


If You wanna laugh, put a laughing emoji in the ch I'll know you're, it's okay. You can. I'm giving You permission to laugh at me if You think I'm crazy. Laughter emoji. If You think I'm nuts. Okay, I'm gonna put that I'm watching right now. This is all live obviously I. Think Donald Trump's gonna win. Don't get cocky, but I do. If You You put a gun to my head and ask me right now who's gonna win? I'm gonna tell You Donald Trump depends on the cheating, The, illegals and other stuff. However, I can never prove It counterfactual. But I actually think Joe Biden had a better shot. I'm gonna tell You Why Kamala Harris' What What, their line was was, oh, she's gonna attract more minority voters and she's gonna attract a certain wing of The Democrat party.


That was not excited about Joe Biden. Here's the problem. She's probably attracting fewer minority voters. The working class doesn't relate to her at all. Joe Biden had a, at least a small sliver of the working class with his Scranton kid. Bullshit It was all bullshit, but he she has none of that. And I, I'll add one more again, the excitement thing. There re, fewer people excited about Kamala Harris than re about Joe Biden. Yes, thank You. Look, I'm reading You. Who says It? Who agree? Who says that? Harley glam girl. Yes, thank You Harley glam girl. I'm telling You right now. I can't prove a counterfactual. Joe's not running anymore. I can tell You though, just an opinion. I think Joe Biden would've performed better than Kamala Harris.


It's really that bad at this point. Harley GL girl is a habitual Ick. She is. Gee wants to give a shout out, which is unusual because he's like a robot. Harley glam girl. Shout out to You There, You go. We don't do shout outs often, but if Gee says so I gotta take his advice. Guy's been around forever. Here's a video for You tampon Tim in What is The Michael Dukakis tank. Remember the Michael Dukakis tank moment where he put The tank helmet on? Remember The John Kerry bubble bubble outfit. Remember the Teletubbies outfit he put on? This is tampon. Tim's moment tampon. Tim is trying to be a man's man with the jazz hands and stuff. Y The thing about being a man's man is You can't try to be one. Do You guys agree?


You either kind of are or You aren't. Do am I crazy like You can't really fake The funk on That one. Here he is trying to load his shotgun. Can't really do It out. There on a hunt. There. Look at him hunting and looking like Elmer Fun again. How do I load this? Oh my gosh. What do. I do? Well Tim, there's a couple ways. If it's a semi-auto or if it's a double barrel, that That appears to be a What. Is that an A 400 Beretta? So You can load from this side port. There's a bottom port There. It's pretty simple. You just basically You know You insert The thing with your thumb. Or You can pop It over. You go off sometimes in the Secret Service. I go underhand. But but You You know You can. There's a bunch of D There There he is. There's Elmer I. Think I. See a Wabbit look.


Look at his clown can Illa. So I'm offering Justin You cool with this me offering You up I am offering Justin Justin B tampon. Tim, this is a sincere offer. Justin B will fly out, we will pay, he will fly out as long as We can video It. And this is a real offer. Everyone in the chat make sure You go to tampon Tim's Twitter and tell him Justin B from the Dan Bonino show will show him how to load his firearm. It's, he says he's had It forever. Strange. He doesn't know how to insert a shell And I I guarantee It wasn't even a right shell. He was probably pheasant hunting with like rifled slug and double hot buck or something. This is this guy.


It's gotta be Folks am I crazy. Chad am I crazy. Is this guy not The worst VP pick we've ever seen. This guy is the worst. He can't do anything, right? This guy between The, stolen valor, tampons in the boys room, stories about I. VF appears he made up his ridiculous positions in Minnesota. Defund, The, police The, fake man Manliness crap. The jazz hands, the dude is a weirdo. Now listen, don't underestimate this stuff, You know You guys, don't take your voting advice from Saturday Night Live because you're smart. What do You give a shit about What Saturday Night Live a comedy show. That was big back in the eighties.


You don't care. What, they have, they're all liberals. Anyway, Folks. How bad does It have to be? I'm gonna play about a minute 20 of this. 'cause this is really important. It's important You understand this. There are I lost about voters out There not You. And I'm not trying to insult anyone, I'm just telling You The truth. Even though You know What the Democrats, do they re, they've had a lot going on. I'm not sitting There studying the issues like You and I we're right, we're in beds man. We are like knee deep and we're waist deep in politics. Okay, You guys know your stuff. I lost about people out There don't have time for the people that tune in to Saturday Night Live. And it's a smaller, much smaller I than It used to be. I gotta tell You, man this is a really devastating thing for them to put on Two weeks out from men election.


Everybody knows this thing is falling apart and now they're figuring What the hell it's open season. We may. Well, may as well make some money and get a laugh out of It. Check this out. Alright. Oh man, That felt good and Donald doesn't think I'm black. Okay, listen up everyone. We couldn't have gotten here without one man and his name is Joe Biden. Get Biden Folks.


That's right. I lost about people forget I'm president, including me. Well guess What. And by The way, I think I I did a pretty good job. I passed more bills than any president history. But Folks, we still got work to do. No jokes. I'm being serious right now. Come on. Guess What. And by the way, The fact of The matter is The Rich don't pay their fair share. They gotta pay the fair share. We gotta build back better The, build back The better.


The better the bar, the be build back, the better can can't believe it's not butter. Thank You to Biden. Thank You so much. Thank You Folks. Listen I, I'm not even playing one It is a little funny even though Saturday Night Live has been funny in years. It is kind of funny. Joe Biden. Joe Biden. But She does and and is that my I? Don't know. I'm not really hip on this stuff. Chad, correct me if I'm wrong, is that Maya Rudolph and Dana Carvey? And it's really embarrassing. My crew is so young, this makes me feel like an old man. I just said Hey guys is That Dana Carvey and every one of 'em went. Who's Dana Carvey? I said You know. He was like big in the eighties and nineties. He said We weren't even alive in The eighties. And I said, well, okay, well That kind of explains. It is that It is thank You, thank You.


I got That, right? Okay, Joe Biden Folks, that stuff hurts, man. It hurts. And if any of You doubt me, take your, take your Republican hat off for a moment and put on your fake Democrat hat and pretend to be You. know a moron for a minute. Okay, the Sarah Palin I can see Alaska from my house skit with Tina. Faye, listen man, That hurt Palin. Everybody knew What. Palin was saying Everybody knew exactly What She was saying, but It made her appear to be an idiot. And You know What She had a really hard time shaking that this stuff stings man and an election that could be decided depending on the amount of cheating by thousands of votes in a few swing states. You have no idea how many people on the fence saw that.


And they're like You know What Kamala is fake and then the Biden stuff is just, who cares about? But Biden's irrelevant at this point. He's only relevant 'cause he's hurting Kamala Harris. But that stuff stings. Now the bad weekend gets even worse. NBC Poll numbers come out A Poll that has been unbelievably generous. AstroTurf for Kamala Harris is now showing nationally basically Trump and Kamala, even now I want You to keep two things in mind about The bad weekend. Remember we're talking about the bad weekend here. The ha article tampon. Tim can't load his shotgun. SNL blows up and makes a comedy act out of these two idiots.


I'll get to Doug Emh Hoft the second gentleman in a minute. But remember if the polls are running even, you've got two things running heavily in our favor. Number one, Donald Trump in both elections 2016 and 2020 is run both nine and five points ahead of the polls respectively. So if they're even and he runs even half of That two and a half points ahead, then obviously We win. Why do We win because California and New York run up the score. Kamma Harris has to win The National vote Folks by upwards of two and a half to three points even to have a chance. If Donald Trump is up by two points or even, even even in an even fair election.


It's over. It's over. And then this happened this weekend. The second gentleman, Doug Emh again showing You how phony media people are I want You. A little homework for You guys and ladies out. There You know people hate homework, but this is an easy one. show them this clip of Kamala Harris's husband. The second gentleman, I, wonder if he's a prominent neurosurgeon like Dr. Jill, right? He was accused of of attacking a woman. Now listen again, I don't like Doug Emh. Hof I didn't like Andrew Cuomo. But unlike these people, I'm not a freaking communist asshole. These people are entitled to their day in court. Did he hit this woman I? Don't know. He may have. He may not have.


People accuse people of stuff all the time. And I'm not virtue signaling anyone, I'm just telling You I actually believe in due process. Unlike liberal assholes who think Donald Trump is guilty of every stupid accusation by every lunatic, put out There. However, it's The liberals. Correct? Who told us believe every woman, right? They told us that. Everyone in the chat You remember? Yes, You do believe all women. Well how come Joe Scarborough here doesn't believe all women and barely even asked the question and frames It in a way like Doug Emh somehow is the victim. Check this out. He spreading It about You saying that tabloid stories about your personal life saying It should be front and center.


He's saying It about your wife and and making incredibly crude and lewd suggestions about her past life. I'm just curious. You know. I seem like a very zen mindful person, but I think I'd be pissed off. And I'm just wondering how how do You, how how, how do You all stay centered? How do You stay disciplined and not really go off and not really push back hard at these things? We don't have time to be pissed off. We don't have time to focus on It. It's all a distraction. You believe this bullshit question.


The same lefty losers like That piece of garbage on M-S-N-B-C who I ran into in an airport one day and couldn't have been a bigger Ws bag. Another loser I used to run into I lost about these morons in the PB I Palm Beach airport. I ran into that loser too. They're real tough guys. When You see 'em on tv, then You see 'em in person and they duck their heads. They don't even stare You in the ask 'cause they're WSEs. You hear Scarborough Scarborough say, oh my gosh, these salacious allegation. Yes, it's incredible when salacious ridiculous I mean hysterically. Stupid allegations are leveled against Donald Trump. There's a peepee tape. These guys run with It and treat It like it's fact. Believe all women.


Ladies and gentlemen, listen to me. I mean take a quick break here but however much You revile and cannot stand the leftwing commie media I promise you It is not enough. Take small solace in The fact that nobody takes these idiots seriously anymore. And if Donald Trump wins, it'll be The greatest rebuke of mainstream media clown class losers that you've ever seen in your life. I got more coming up next including the 61 minute scandal continues as they another media a bunch of goofballs hide the football. And in Kamala now fighting with Time Magazine too.


Folks, we got two weeks left. I mean we're not gonna be covering I. lost about bullshit in The next two weeks. I'm just gonna warn You right now. I'm not gonna be wasting I lost about time. We are gonna focus on this election and We are gonna focus on making sure America knows who this terrible candidate is. Kamala Harris


Hey with five generations of family owned experience, Omaha Steaks consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hand selected by master butchers from the finest grain finished beef, extra age flash, frozen at peak flavor and delivered right to You. And now during the semi-annual sale, You can taste the difference and get 50% off. Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Minimum purchase may apply. Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Our let's just get an extra $30 off with code Bon Gino. It's a big discount Paul and I stocked up. There'll be I lost about late night meals coming home hungry after crazy CRA travel schedules, excuse me. And I hope to know that Omaha will get us through It Omaha Steaks gives You legendary steaks delivered right to your door. I like the little crust at the top, I like the Pittsburgh grass fed grain finished beef hand selected for superior marbling and taste perfectly aged to maximize tenderness hand cut by master butchers in America's heartland. they are absolutely delicious. It's the world's best steak experience. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off Sitewide during the semi-annual sale. Stock up today. You're gonna love it for an extra $30 off. Again Use code bonino minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. That's 50% off five zero at Omaha Steaks O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com at extra $30 off with Code Bonino. Thanks Omaha.


Steaks Folks the media however much You revile these idiots. It's not enough. Katherine Harris, who is an amazing reporter and a really wonderful woman is demanding 61 minutes release their transcript of The Kamala Harris scandal, the Kamala Harris interview, which they clearly edited. You've got so many media scandals going on right now, candidly Folks, it's hard to keep track. She says, unless I'm missing something, 61 minutes released The full transcript of The Jerome Power interview in February, 2024. She even has transcripts here We go. So they've done this before. There's precedent. So You edited an answer for Kamala Harris to protect her You media hacks at CBS You Fake news, goons and You still won't release The transcript.


Ladies and gentlemen, how bad is It? How bad is this answer That? They're still hiding The football. 61 Why not 60 minutes because they added one for Kamala Harris. No one should refer to them as 60 minutes anymore. They're 61 minutes. They add an extra minute for Democrats to cover up Democrat shit. show answers Folks, this is really bad. This is getting so bad that even Time Magazine time, which is the biggest left winging goon outlet out There, they're even acknowledging Kamala Harris is even ducking them now. Quote Kamala Harris declined repeated requests for an interview for this story. In contrast, Trump talked about his policy resume of the time reported for 90 minutes across two interviews.


Biden spoke the time at a similar length before dropping outta The race. The woman is running scared Folks Everybody is trying to get out ahead of this. Let me put You in a a a little scenario here. So You understand what's going on. Sometimes it's hard to understand Liberal left wing lunacy. You can't understand That Les I. I I changed The names and put It in a Republican box because you're not crazy like The left I want You to compare this to 2016. 2016 towards the end, I lost about Republicans re convinced Trump was gonna lose. Not me You can go back and listen to my podcast. The receipts are everywhere. Listen to my podcast on Monday night before the election, it's probably out There on SoundCloud.


I predicted this guy was gonna win. So I'm not throwing myself under The bus 'cause I have The evidence otherwise. However, a good swath of The Republican party was convinced he was gonna lose for about three weeks before The 2016 election. There re pre narratives going out, There people putting out There like distancing themselves from Trump. I'm not a part of this kind of stuff because after the election they don't wanna be blamed for being part of the collapse. Do You get It? That's what's happening now. That's Why. You're seeing now the left wing media Saturday Night Live. You know CBS and others. That's Why. You're seeing them desperately trying to cover up their role in all this 'cause they know this is a total mess. It's so bad. That I need You to start to prepare for two things.


You ready. Commit this to memory 'cause this is gonna happen Folks. If We win on election night, I'm gonna tell You right now, flag It flags in the chat please and I really hope I'm wrong. I. Hope these is, this is one of those flag It moments where You laugh at me afterwards. If we win on election night, November to January when Donald Trump swears in, it's gonna be absolute chaos. There is absolutely no way. Although I use the term absolutely twice and I don't like That. No way The Democrats let Trump take office without trying everything in and outside of their power.


I'm talking violence. I'm talking chaos. I'm talking certification issues to stop It. There is nothing outta bounds for them. Dan. Those are big claims. They require big evidence. I got You as I always do. Axios, October 10th, some top Democrats won't commit to certifying a Trump win. I don't say shit without receipts. Why. We like The supermarket Folks 'cause we always give You a receipt every time. Every time. You think the crazies reach Pete. Crazy. Oh, we're not even close. Here is John Brennan, a humiliating, disgusting, communist, grotesque, tyrant, fascist.


Who should be in jail? Who was our former c I, a director. He's an absolute scumbag. I met this guy in a, he's the, he's an egomaniac and a complete piece of human garbage. A guy knee deep in the disastrous Russia hoax, which probably could have caused a world war made up. He was knee deep in the whole thing. Here's this piece of filth. He's back again pumping the Russia hoax again, showing You again. This man has no human dignity at all. He doesn't care. People know he's lying. They will do anything to stop It. And I'm telling You now, the reason I'm putting this here is if we win in November, November to January, get ready for deep state involvement claiming Trump stole It again with the Russians.


know Dan, they won't do that again. Oh they will. And they're already preparing for It. And I'm telling You I wouldn't be surprised if they even opened up a full blown investigate. Try to arrest him before January and You shouldn't either. You doubt me. Receipts ain't coming. Watch this. Well it's unsurprising. And we also know how much Donald Trump and Donald Putin have been best buds for a number of years. And so The fact that a president of the United States can do these things I think should really give us concern about You. know Donald Trump getting back into the White House because he can do these things irrespective of the logic, common sense or what's in US national security interests. Who knows What he did in terms of his conversations that Bob Woodward says that he had with VMA Putin Folks.


And here's The problem with The. Crazy outside of the freaking crazy outside of The fact that John Brennan is unbelievably after being busted this, this scum after being busted, fabricating an entire Russia hoax that could have caused a World War wound international relations. He has no problem doing It again. The problem is other countries are seeing this. Do You get where I'm gonna go with this? Other countries understand that John Brennan will destroy The United States, him, Comey, and others before Donald Trump is ever allowed to swear in. Because they know The deep state madness is over.


Other countries see this and I am deathly afraid that they are preparing something too. For November to January to take advantage of The chaos. Biden will be the lamest of lame ducks. Kamala Harris's political career will be destroyed. She'll be forced to certify a Trump win. The Democrats will be basically powerless. But The Republicans won't have power yet. Congress doesn't swear in right away and the President doesn't swear in till January. And The signs are everywhere. That enemies of the United States are planning something. You just have to see 'em. I'm gonna show You this Wall Street Journal article yesterday.


It should have got I lost about attention. Surprisingly, It didn't. But I saw It and It along with That article. I showed You on Friday about China attacking our grid from the Journal That as they they're watching our electric grid. This should really concern You. Quick break. I'll get back to that. I got a lot more I I including JD f What. I tell You. I told You JD and I I. I didn't You know I didn't really do a weekend update because It, it's I. Remember I was down in Miami this weekend. I was partying a little too hard to be honest with You. And I'm afraid to tell You because I I think you'll see if You. See if I let You into That part of my soul. You'll be like What The. Hell re You partying for this weekend. The answer is long and beyond The scope of this.


But Paul and I had a good time and we definitely needed It. I'll leave that There. If You get What. I mean


Hey. You having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. I was this weekend. Listen, I've been There. It's not just about feeling tired. The next day it's about The Toll. Poor sleep can take in every aspect of your life. But guess What. There's hope on The Horizon. It comes in The form of Beams Dream powder. that is been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throw our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. It's their science-backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids cause the next day Grogginess Beam's Dream Powder contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, Athenian Apogen and Melatonin help You fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refreshed. You wanna try It? Try Beam's bestselling powder Beam is now offering Dream Powder out to our listeners for an exclusive discount, get up to 45% off for a limited time when You go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at Check out. That's shop b eam.com/bonino Use code bonino for up to 45% off. And our thank You Beam


and our last sponsor today speaking of sleep Helix mattresses. I sleep on one. love it. Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders. To our listeners, it's a great deal to motivate You to take action and improve your sleep. Paul and I just moved to a new house. As You know one of The First things We did. We got Helix mattresses for Everybody. We work hard. We play hard result in long days. It's important to get a good night's sleep. You wanna feel rested and refreshed. It starts with a good mattress that is suited to your needs. Listen, anytime You can personalize a product, it's better. Helix can do that for You. Just a few minutes. The Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and recommends the right mattress for You. So You get the perfect match from the position You sleep in to your body type or your unique needs. Helix will recommend the right mattress for You Visit Helix sleep.com/dan and start your match today. As I said, they're offering 20% off all mattress orders To my listeners, that's HEL I X Helix sleep.com/dan official mattress to the Dan Bonino show Helix sleep.com/dan Thank You Helix


Alright Back to The show Folks I am really afraid that not just The Democrats, the liberals, The Brennans, The, Comey, The Clintons the Harrises, the Bidens are going to cause massive unprecedented chaos between November and January. If Trump wins, our foreign adversaries, I'm afraid could attack our grid. And I'm afraid they're planning something domestically here. I've been warning You about the threat of drone technology forever. I wrote about It in a book I wrote 10 years ago. I'm not even gonna tell You the title 'cause I'm not trying to sell You a book or else I'd be pimped this thing. I. I buy this. But I don't care. I'm just telling You, I have been on this for a long time because of my last line of work.


Look at a story in the Wall Street Journal. You, tell me what's up. If You wonder Why, there's silence I just want You to read It. Oh you're probably like We can't. We're listening on Apple or Spotify. Okay, I'll read It for You Mystery drones. Swarm The US military base for 17 days. The Pentagon is stumped. Really US officials say they don't know who is behind the drones, who have flown unhindered unhindered over sensitive national security sites or how to stop them or The drone. They are Alright he says. That kind of sounds like a problem.


Spy balloons, drones do You. Remember That article We played for Friday by any chance? The Wall Street Journal article about China and The grid. China's infiltrated our grid. They don't even know how deeply China may have Trojan programs inside our electrical grid and other things we they don't even know about. And and the Pentagon is just stumped. They don't know What to do Folks. This is bad. Okay, this is not some crazy conspiracy theory. Oh here we go. US wiretap systems targeted a China link hack officials have been alarmed by The, alleged efforts by Chinese intelligence officers to borough into US. Critical infrastructure networks, water facilities, power stations, airports.


Listen to me, brothers and sisters, I Hope I'm wrong. But I come from a line of work where I got paid to think about crazy shit I did when I was out. There in the bush detail and the Obama detail and I'm a lead advance in Indonesia, Afghanistan. I would ask all kinds of questions and people would go, are You freaking crazy? I'd say What. If a guy parachutes in well What do You mean parachutes in? He'd have to like jump out of at a low altitude and stuff. And we have a m and notice to Airmen can Well what's to stop him from violating the note? Are We gonna shoot him that? Well we'd warn him so the guy could get out in a parachute know. So What are We gonna do. And people would look at me like I was nuts. But You know What I got an answer and I mitigated. That I got paid to think about crazy shit.


Folks What. If The Chinese Communist party is 90% of the way There on a plan to wipe out our grid, wipe out our military facilities via some kind of EMP or something like that. And November to January, we're all sitting here in say December as they take advantage of liberals trying to burn down American city cities. And one day we're all in the dark. Oh Dan, you're crazy I. Hope so. I hope so. This is one of those times I Hope. The Liberal Media writes about this and calls me a nut lunatic conspiracy theorist. 'cause maybe some people will read this and they'll read the, if You put The transcript and link to those articles and go, he doesn't sound so nuts.


He sounds like he actually brought The receipts on that. Folks, we are totally unprepared for what's coming. We are completely unprepared. can I I have to be careful? What. I say here, because There is obviously codes, That will not violate. I'm gonna tell You that You know I lost about stuff about I lost about stuff. And I don't want to sound like a pompous as or I don't know everything about everything. You don't get a briefing on the You. know on the nuclear sites when you're a secret service agent. You get briefings on specific things. It's a need to know basis. Well There are some programs that are need to know and some people are in 'em and some people aren't.


I'm telling You right now, Folks We are not prepared. If You think this chaos after the election, That The government is coming to save You. You are crazy. The assassination attempts with this new DE I Secret Service and The Pentagon I can't even figure out. Why drones are spying on its military facilities. That should be an eyeopener for all of You that the government The United States government is The Emperor with no close on We all think it's a Jason Bourne movie. I am telling You it's not here is my orca the most disgusting public official to ever sit in a cabinet position, ever. A man who has caused a national security nightmare for the United States and should most definitely be investigated for his role in murderers, sex offenders and terrorists in the United States under his Watch.


While he was in charge, all these criminals entered here he is defending the vetting of The United States of The. Afghani in the country who's alleged to be a terrorist. Here he is defending It, defending It, suggesting, oh, vetting people is just a point in time. No shit. Sherlock. Of course it's a point in time. If You can tell The future, you'd be like Carac from The Johnny Carson show. It's a point in time. That You guys failed at The point in time. Listen to this. Was he radicalized before he came to the United States? So Margaret It is an ongoing prosecution. So I won't speak of The facts, but The viewing public is getting an idea of The breadth and diversity of The missions.


That. We in The, department of Homeland Security tackle It that gets the issue of vetting versus whether he was radicalized here. Re remember the the individual came in through parole an Afghan national. And when We vet and We do so intensively, when we vet an individual, it's a point in time screening and vetting process. You. Notice how this bag, this absolute canoe of a human being. He only talks in ridiculous talking points that if You just take a moment to think about What he said, and all The silly euphemisms, you'll laugh that vetting people is a point in time. Yes, asshole. It's called the present. You can't escape.


The present. The past already happened. And The future hasn't happened yet. Time washes over You. You are at a point in time, always called the present. You are always vetting people at a point in time. What, did he just say that? Wasn't T logical What? Did he just say that a child wouldn't understand? You are always vetting at a point in time and You failed. Folks, we are not prepared. I'm telling You we are not prepared. You think I'm crazy again, always with the receipts. Why, do You think this is happening? Look at his post-millennial article. You think this is all a mistake. You think I'm nuts. So Donald Trump, who as people at the highest level feeding him information all day probably by a factor of a thousand What I, get Trump campaign's now asking for use of military aircraft, vehicles and increased secret service protection amid Iran threat and assassination attempts.


Folks for those people out There again, who are playing this down. I'm telling You, You are wrong. I don't really care. What You say care about people who care about Trump's life who are in embedded in this thing are telling me these threats are real. It's not just Iran. There's a cornucopia, cornucopia threats out There against Trump's life. There are very more examples you're gonna need. We're waiting for this guy to get shot in the head. These threats are real. They are very real. There are swamp people and foreign governments who both want this guy to go away. There is a reason his team is asking for increased security. Now, I told You about this before.


The reason The President Joe Biden is always going to have a better security package than any other official is because of military support. I don't wanna get into too many details, however, There are two entities. It's all public. This is Whamo, white House Military Office and Waka The White House Communications Agency. They have budgets 10, 15 times out of the secret service to military. There are things they can do. The Secret Service can't Folks, they just can't. And I think it's time to take the gloves off. I'm telling You right now, if Donald Trump gets selected, I'm gonna ask his team that they consult me on some issues with The Secret Service.


One of The First things I'm gonna do is ask for a more integrated military program and a simple thing, we're gonna increase all The technology and we gotta get these freaking guys outta suits. I'm m sorry, these guys sitting around in suits having to deal with the tactical nightmare we're in is is an absolute bullshit costume jewelry thing. These guys should be in tactical gear, bdu, maybe throw a sport jacket on. And that's It I I. Don't wanna get into 'em too much today, but this is a joke. What's happening now for those of You, by the way, asking about the Trump interview, We are trying to reschedule I. Don't know if it's gonna happen. Folks I reached out to the team today. I don't know if they're overwhelmed or What.


They've been doing some other shows too. I'm trying to reschedule It. I'm not gonna fake It with You. If we can do It, We can do It. If we can't, we can't. I told them. We go out on the road. So we're trying our best. It was my It wasn't my fault. It was a hurricane. I'm not gonna ask the Trump team to stay in Florida during a dangerous hurricane. So You can do an interview with me. That's just stupid and And they'd be insane to do It. But we're trying our best. I'll keep You updated. You know I lost about You. Been asking We are not prepared. Folks we are not prepared. Here's just a quick hat tip to great maze more. This guy's supposed to be in charge. He's just 10 seconds. Here's my orcas again. The biggest canoe We have in The cabinet now a guy who single handedly has destroyed the national security posture of the United States.


Here he is right now telling You the border's closed. I'm telling You, the border's not closed. Check this out. The Border is closed. The border is secure. The false information that is being spread deliberately does have a real life impact. Folks, there's no bigger spreader of manure misinformation than Alejandro Mayorca the most disgusting figure to ever sit in a cabinet seat. I would make the case to You strongly. There has not been a more destructive cabinet official to do more to destroy your daily public safety situation than this absolute lunatic. And it's getting so bad that when we expose these people for What, they did.


What happens. Biden is now turning around. I'm gonna play It, my Folks. Listen to yourself. You, don't have to take my word for It. Is Biden now threatening American citizens who call out the government? Is he now threatening them with consequences for a quote? Misinformation meaning ideas. He doesn't like You. Listen to this. About 20 seconds, this and You tell me, It certainly sounds like It to me. Check this out. And I get And I just get scared to death. Scared to death. And anyway, so I, think it's I. Think those who have been spreading these lies to try to undermine the opposition are gonna pay a price for It.


Worry singularly to blame for all of This. No he's not. He's just The biggest mouth Ladies and gentlemen. This is the chief executive of The, United States. The. Attorney General works for this guy. He's telling You That the quote, misinformation meaning information he doesn't like exposing my orcas and his teams. I would argue almost corruptly inept response to these hurricanes. That people are gonna suffer consequences from It. He's not talking about The people in his administration. Folks, please listen to me. You know I put That clip out. There and It went viral on TikTok and elsewhere. I. Think we're at Debon.


Gino on TikTok. Yes. We have an account over There. 'cause that's where The kids are. And we put clips up over There. You can go Check it out. But this thing went nuclear all over TikTok. It was my warning. Some people ask me, Hey write the list down. I'm gonna tell You again. Please get ready if We win on election night. If we win, yes, if we win, I'm telling You, November to January could be some of The worst chaos you've ever seen. And I lost about us aren't ready. Get yourself one of those EMP protectors for your cell phone. It's little bags. You can get 'em on Amazon anywhere. You, buy your stuff. Probably Walmart, whatever. I don't really care where You get It.


Have yourself at least a month's supply of emergency food, water filtration. Have bottled water. Get It now. Folks, because I'm telling You right now when the chaos breaks out, you're gonna be thanking me for this. Make sure You have some basic two-way radios to communicate. You can get them cheap. Have yourself stocked up with your firearms. Have your ammunition have I lost about It ready to go. Folks. If You don't need It, all great You keep It as security supplies. But if You do make sure You have a generator for your house. If You can't go get a portable generator. Get yourself one of those solar panels. If You can get It, get yourself one of those batteries that they have. Those are an inverter type batteries where mean You can just plug stuff in.


Have It ready because You, if We win, There is going to be I lost about chaos with these people. If we lose, I'm not sure we ever get our country back. Here's some more good news for us though. Folks, the Kamala collapse is real. The media right now is trying to get out ahead of the story. 'cause no one wants to back a loser and the campaign is falling apart. I told You guys, JD Vance was The best pop po possible pick I lost about You agreed with me. Some of You did not. That's okay. You're entitled to your own opinion. I'm obviously not mad at You I respect your opinion. It keeps me frosty I think everybody's realizing right now though that JD is The guy JD was out There simply burying The mainstream media again this weekend.


While as Time Magazine points out, Kamala Harris is hiding. She doesn't wanna be seen tampon. Tim is a disaster here he was You know The Martha Rads clip. I'm gonna get to that. Everybody's talking about that. But There was another one. You may have missed. Here he is this this smart ass New York Times reporter. Ask him the question, they will not let go. Even though the Democrats are threatening not to certify in advance of the It hasn't even happened yet. Do You think Donald Trump won the 2020 election? The New York Times reporter gets absolutely wrecked and appears totally unconcerned with j D's answer, which is correct. That, they did steal the election and The polling numbers indicated. I'll show You That in a second.


Listen to this First. The longer one right, the longer one. Know. In The debate, You re asked to clarify if You believe Trump lost The 2020 election. Do You believe he lost The 2020 election I. Think That. Donald Trump and I have both raised a number of issues with the 2020 election, but we're focused on the future. I think there's an obsession here with focusing on 2020. I'm much more worried about What happened after 2020, which is a wide open border. Groceries That are unaffordable. And Look, Senator, yes or no? Okay. Did Donald Trump lose The 2020 election? Let, let me ask You a question. Is It okay that big technology companies censored the Hunter Biden laptop story, which independent analysis of said It cost Donald Trump millions of votes.


Senator Vance, I'm going to ask You again. Did Donald Trump lose The 2020 election? Did big technology companies censor a story that independent studies have suggested would've cost Trump millions of votes? Senator Vance I? that is it. Question. I'm going to ask You again. Did Donald Trump lose the 2020 election? I answer your question with another question. You answer my question and I'll answer yours. I have asked this question repeatedly. It is something that is very important for the American people to know. There is no proof legal or otherwise That. Donald Trump did not lose the 2020 election. You, you're Repeating a slogan rather than engaging with What. I'm saying, which is that when our own technology firms engage in industrial scale censorship, by the way, backed up by the federal government, in a way, That independent studies suggest affect the votes.


I'm worried about Americans who feel like There re problems in 2020. I'm not worried about this slogan. Notice how when JD Vance answers the question, Folks, JD cannot prove a counterfactual. I can't say this enough. The 2020 election is over. It is impossible to prove What would've happened if It didn't happen. The media ignored The cheating. They ignored The evidence of Fevery SAP Joe Biden's ass in the Oval Office and then said, prove Trump. How can I prove he won? You guys stole It. I don't know What would've happened if You didn't steal It because You stole It. All I can do is do What JD does, which is show You.


That The election would've been different if You would not have cheated and suppressed all of The negative information about Biden receipts incoming. Again, the Federalist Poll one in six. Joe Biden voters would've changed their vote if they'd known about scandals suppressed by The media. The. Notice how the lady says there's no proof and then You present evidence and She acts like nothing happened. However much You revile the mainstream media. It is not enough. And hat tip for JD for dismantling these idiots. Here's the same reporter on an absurd, ridiculous notice here. Notice here though, she's asking JD I don't wanna get, if this is too wonky.


I'm not trying to sell anybody short here, but stop me in the chat. Notice how with jd, she's asking JD to prove something that can't be proven because It didn't happen. Joe Biden was sworn in. They cheated. I don't know What happened if they wouldn't have cheated because they cheated. You can't ask me. What would've happened if we would've cut taxes. If we didn't cut taxes. I don't know. All I can say is here's my opinion about What would've happened. Notice how this one, now she's she's all against counterfactuals, right? Or She wants JD to ask one notice here how She presents a counterfactual is fact and takes The opposite approach. Oh, You know What. Americans don't wanna do these jobs that illegals are doing.


Now, ladies and gentlemen, that's a counterfactual. She has no idea because illegals are doing those jobs now. And we don't know What would've happened if those jobs re open for Americans because they're not open. You. Notice how she flips the script. These people are morons and JD knows It and he owns them every time. Watch this. The reason that There is a housing crisis is that not enough houses have been built. And That We have 25 million people who shouldn't be here. Well, I mean this is The thing. I mean it's I. Think it's both mean. I You know You do I I don't think that many people who look into this agree with You, but about a third of The construction workforce in this country is Hispanic. Of those, a large proportion are undocumented.


So how do You propose to build all the housing necessary That we need in this country by removing all the people who are working in construction? Well, I think it's a, it's a fair question because We know that back in The 1960s when we had very low levels of legal immigration, Americans didn't buy houses, didn't build houses, but, but of course they did. And I'm being sarcastic of course, in service of a appoint Lulu, the assumption That, because a large number of home builders now are using undocumented labor that that's The only way to build homes. Notice again, The lady flips the script completely. She's asking JD in question one answer a counterfactual.


I can't answer and then She does a counterfactual and pretends it's fact. But when JD presents one, it's no good. Well, You know we wouldn't be able to build any houses without illegals. So of course JD messes with her, which ll love it goes You You know back in the fifties and sixties, we never built any houses when illegal immigration went, oh shit. That's right. We did notice how she just completely glosses over the evidence that j d's right and she's a lunatic. Folks. This guy is seriously 20 to 30 IQ points smarter than these dipshits in the media and they go in There and get wrecked like a freaking buzz saw every single time.


Because as I told You, they re idiots. Listen to me. I got I got another clip. I got, I'm not gonna leave without playing Martha Ratt. 'cause this is the You wanted. Martha Ratt is a generational moron. This is a woman like Kristen Weer who just has owned herself on The air so many times. It's just humiliating. However, I don't want You to forget this. When I was a young agent on Bush's detail, they stick You with the press in the beginning. 'cause it's where You can do The least amount of damage. You like You, just basically it's a disappear thing. Go There and don't get anybody hurt moron, right? When You are with these people, I was a young kid. Folks. I was I don't know. 28, 29, when I was on the detail, I was barely 30 these people, no, I was There.


I was 31. These people are morons. Precision matters. Unlike with The media. Morons, You would listen to their conversations and You know, I'm new, I'm 31, but I'm a new guy on the detail. I've never been around this glitz and glamor and this politics. You. See these people on The News and you're like, oh my gosh, like Kristen, we and all them. These people must be so smart. They're speaking to a national audience. Folks. They are idiots. I tell You That and I I You know I sound biased and partisan and angry. I'm telling You It is a fact. These people are really stupid. They say things. Me and other agents would look, 'cause sometimes you'd run into another guy like a side agent There as you're sweeping the press and you'd listen to their conversations.


You'd be and we'd be like, God, they really this stupid and The stuff they used to do on The press plane. Oh my gosh. Scandalous. Ladies and gentlemen, There re I lost about blankets on the press plane covering up. I lost about stuff. If You know What I mean disgusting debauchery. They don't do It now because of cell phone cameras. These people are gross. They are so stupid. You have no idea this so far. I am H ho kids. My humble opinion. You, tell me in the chat. This is easily The best political media news. Hit appearance code word for appearance in the news cycle. Here is Martha Ratts summing up Why. Every sane person in America now hates The Media.


This is, there's some woman who lives in probably a multimillion dollar community who is You know, lives in this bubble. Who says to JD Vance about the immigration crisis. That doesn't sound like a big It. Sounds like only a handful of little communities have been taken over by illegal. Have You seen this? This has gotta be The highlight of The election cycle so far. Check this out. The incidents re limited to a handful of apartment conflicts, apartment complexes. And the mayor said Our dedicated police officers have acted on those concerns. A handful of problems.


Only Martha do. You hear yourself. Only a handful of apartment complexes in America re taken over by Venezuelan gangs. And Donald Trump is the problem and not Kamala Harris' open border. Americans are so fed up with what's going on and they have every right to be and I I really find this exchange. Martha, sort of interesting because You seem to be more focused with nitpicking everything That. Donald Trump has said, rather than acknowledging that apartment complexes in the United States of America are being taken over by violent gangs, Folks, this is precisely Why blue, formerly purple. Formerly red states like Colorado are in play.


I'm not suggesting to You Donald Trump's gonna win Colorado or Virginia. It'd be a big stretch. I am suggesting to You. However that It is definitely possible. How does It feel to be in Aurora right now? To live in an apartment complex, taken over video evidence of high powered weaponry by Venezuelan murderous gangs and having some loser scrub multi-million dollar bubble. Existing living reporter from DC play down the problem suggesting it's only a handful of apartment complexes. How do You think That feels? This is The political media hit of The Cycle and I'm telling You, JD is the guy, he does this better than anyone.


There is no one out There doing It better than him because he's smarter than these idiots. I will keep You updated. Folks I will definitely keep You updated about the Trump interview. I'm hoping they get back to us today. We've got a number of emails out, but big news election night, we will be live. What time. Gee, 7:30 PM Eastern. We're going live. That's The plan buddy. That's the plan. We know. We'll open up the link early so Everybody can chat and we'll update You plan for 7:30 PM election night. We will be on. We've got Folks. The guest list is just sick. It's It, it's sick, it's insane. I'm afraid to even tell You 'cause you'll be so excited. know You might someone may have a heart attack. Get your nitro pills. We got Mike Ben We.


Got Julie Kelly. We're doing a crossover with Crowder. We're working on a few others too. Where we're I? I got more coming. We got the best guess. Avita. Iss gonna be There with me. We got The. Whole crew. We're doing that in a remote location. It is going to be an absolute banger of a show plan for election night to be here.


Here's how to get ready. Download the Rumble app today. It is free. You want an ad free experience. You can go to Rumble Premium. Just link up There or Rumble dot com slash bonino but that's all free. Give us a follow, give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. We really appreciate It I. Will see You on the radio show here on Rumble in just a few minutes and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See You then You just heard the Dan Bonino show.