
It's stressful to know you don't have control over the election's outcome, but you could take control over helping to protect your savings by diversifying now into gold. From Birch Gold. Birch gold. My gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. In the past four years, inflation has seen increases of as much as 19%, and the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence, text Dan to 9, 8, 9 8, 9 8. Get your free information kit on gold and trust Birch Gold as I do to help protect your savings message and data rates apply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino Vote early and in person. The fact that people know that I'm trying to not just talk, but get people to do matters. The snapshots and the soundbites don't matter if we don't show up. They gotta motivate you to do. You've gotta go out and vote Early. Voting is still going on. You have an opportunity in many states to get out there in person. Folks, you don't vote. I'm sorry this show is not for you. So what happened yesterday? I'm sitting home, the show is done. I had put it all together and I'm sitting up in this little like office area. I like to kind of chill in at night because it's dark, but who really gives a shit about what I'm doing?


and I. I like, you know, I gotta fall asleep and stuff like that. Get those melatonin levels up. And a friend of mine texts me and says, you're never gonna believe it. He says, Donald Trump took all of our advice and showed up in Wisconsin with a garbage truck with a Trump sign us. I said, yes, yes, there it is. There it is. Why does this matter? Because for the umpteenth time, what wins? Political campaigns, those shows itself. But how many times are we gonna say this over and over? Who gets snapshots and sound bites? The Trump team. Who doesn't get it? The Kamala Harris team. Folks, this is just brilliant.


This is just what they do. They have now known as the lefthand meme. What's that known as? The lefthand meme. The lefthand meme. He says the left can, they can't meme. They don't know how to make something punch optically seeing it or the auditory. They, they don't know how to do it. This kind of stuff is how you win a news cycle. You can laugh at it all you want on the dumbass communist media left. Laugh all you want. If you lose this thing, you will be crying on Election day specifically because of things like this. And you've got your snapshots, you've got your sound bites. Rule number one of politics, right? I've given you all the rules.


You have the Dan Bonino Handbook. I promise you will analyze the political situation better than anyone. It's how I called the 2016 election before it happened. Go back and listen. The other thing you need to understand why I feel good, good, but not great about the election, good is because of contrast. This is a one versus two, an A versus B. You can be an okay candidate running against an awful candidate, and you look like an amazing candidate. If it's good versus good candidate, you may have a problem. The contrast in styles between the absolutely hapless, not funny, socially inept, Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, who just never seems to get caught in an awkward moment.


And even when he does, he makes it funny and not awkward, is just night and day. Fox ran a a, a compilation yesterday. I think It was on the five of awkward Kamala Harris moments. She's just freaking cringe folks. She is cringey bad. Here's Donald Trump telling a story about how backstage he thought he should take the vest off the sanitation vest, the orange vest, because he thought it may be awkward. And then he turns it into a Donald Trump moment. Gee, I was gonna cut this a little shorter. Gee made a call. He's like, Dan, I think you should leave the minute and 20. I was gonna cut it about 59.


He said, the whole thing is funny, folks, you need to see this. This is why Donald Trump is coasting into election day, I believe. I just went, why'd you say, I feel like we're in really good shape. Here's why. Watch this. And then I got in the car and I'm driving over here and I have this still on, and I come into the arena and I say, where's my jacket? I wanna get outta this thing. And they said, it would be unbelievable if you could wear it on stage. I said, and I said, no way.


I got 25,000 people standing outside. I got all these people here. There's no way I'm wearing it on stage. They said, oh, okay, sir. I said, get me my jacket, but if you did, you know it actually makes you look thinner. I said, and they got me. I said, I wanna wear it on stage. When they said I looked thinner, I said, in that case, I'll wear that. I may never wear a blue jacket again. I may go, I may go in this.


I said that. That was my, that was the word. That was the key, sir, you look thinner. So anyways, I got it, folks. You in the chat, you get you. You get what I'm talking about more in a minute.


But first, hey, you know those weight loss injections, everybody's talking about 'em, dramatic results. But here's the problem. Nobody really knows the long-term effects. They're super expensive and you gotta give yourself injections all the time. So I love my friends at BrickHouse Nutrition. They created a supplement I use, I lost 28 30 pounds with it called Lean. The results are really remarkable. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. People ask me, how'd you lose all that weight you even saw in that video beginning to show my face was heavier? Right? Well, this is how it's some actual evidence. The doctors at Breakout Nutrition created Lean LEAN for Frustrated Dieters with 10 pounds or more to lose. So let's get you started today with 15% off. Just give it a shot and free rush shipping. You can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan too. Visit take leann.com, take LEA n.com. Enter code Dan 15 for your discount. Give it a shot. That's promo code dan15@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intend to diagnosed, treat, cure, prevent any disease, not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


He has the ability to turn a situation that would make someone with a low social IQ feel outta place and awkward. What do I do in the vest? What do I do at McDonald's? And he's just funny, I don't know how to describe it. People have been trying to describe market and bottle charisma for centuries. How many times I gotta say it, the French have a word for it. The genise quo, which basically means, I don't know, nobody knows what it is. You just know what, when you see it, the old line about porn, right? What is porn? I don't know, but I know when I see it, oh, You know Charisma's the same way. He's just funny. He's just funny.


You have to be likable. Kamala is just really, really bad at this. She has no ability to make people comfortable with her at all. This is why I don't buy a lot of this. Oh, Trumpy, you know the mean tweets and all that stuff. It's kind of offset by Trump at the rallies where he's just funny. Now, the, okay, I'm trying to make a solid case to you. Th the chagrin of some on Twitter as that we are in good but not great shape. I always give you the good and the bad. The good news folks, the early voting numbers I'm gonna get to in a minute are only getting uglier for the Democrats.


The bad news, they could still surprise us a little bit on election day. They could, the chances of that are getting smaller as we start racking up the votes. Kids remember polls, who gives a shit about polls anymore? It doesn't matter. The only polls I care about are early voting polls don't mean Squat I, I'll give you an example. You want a 500 person poll outta Pennsylvania or a 300,000 person sample size of who shows up? Oh, okay, I'll take the poll. Thank you. Me too. The numbers are savagely brutal for the Democrats. But make no mistake, they could still surprise it. It's not doomers stuff.


It's meant to motivate you to get out there by telling you the truth. But here's some, a really, really good piece of good news to dispute the whole DOR narrative, which is nonsense, but it, you know, I get it. Produce your work. Show your work. Right? Here's Harry Anton at CNN. I play this guy a lot. I think he's been an honest voice over there. Here he is with some really, really bad news for Kamala Harris. Folks, this is the number that should stick in your craw. Most of all. No incumbent, no incumbent has won a presidential election with a sense of malaise, right direction, wrong direction for the country like we have now with this number.


It's never happened. It's never happened. Don't listen to me. This is on CNN. Check this out. Just 28% of Americans, voters think the country is going in the right direction, is on the right track. and I want you to put that into a historical perspective for you. Okay? What's the average percentage of the public that thinks that the country is on the right track when the incumbent party loses it's 25%. That 25% looks an awful bit like, like that 28% up there. It doesn't look anything, anything like this. 42% doesn't look anything like this. 28%. So the bottom line is very few Americans think the country is on the right track at this particular point.


It tracks much more with when the incumbent party loses than with it wins. In fact, I went back through history. There isn't a single time in which 28% of the American public thinks the country is going on the right track in which the incumbent party actually won. They always lose when just 28% of the country believes that the country is on the right track. Again, folks produce your work, right? Anyone with a show and a Twitter platform can open their yapper, their freaking soup cooler and say, whatever. Oh, we're gonna win. Oh, we're gonna lose. We're gonna win big. We're gonna lose big. It's a red wave. It's not a red wave. It's a blue wave. Abortion. Women are voting matter of vote. Show your work. I'm gonna show you numbers coming up here in a second.


But the right track, wrong track poll, those numbers are accurate. There is not a single incumbent or vice president who has ever won with a wrong track number like that wrong track, right track number and ever. You can't have this many people dissatisfied. Now, the problem Kamala Harris is having is she has been unable to detach herself from the trappings of the Biden and Harris administration. She's been unable to say, Hey, Joe Biden did this, but I didn't agree with it. She keeps going on TV saying, well, there's nothing coming to mind. Nothing comes to mind that I would change from Joe Biden.


Well, Kamala, in 60, 70% of America thinks that sucks. You really believe on election day you're gonna get a mass break of Democrats. It still means you gotta show up folks and you gotta bring 10 people. I'm just afraid. I am deathly afraid of a lack of enthusiasm. Please tell me I'm wrong, folks, the show's for you in the chat. Please. What was this? I think I'm just trying to read the chat. Please tell me I'm wrong. Tell me I'm panicking. I'd love to hear it. 'cause I always say panic kills. 'cause in my last line of work, you panicked, you probably die. That's why we always say don't, don't shit the bed. Right? That was our line in the Secret Service.


Don't ever shit the bed. They obviously didn't mean it physically. It meant don't panic. I, I just want to seal the deal. and I am deathly afraid that if people hear this, Hey man, look, we're so ahead. We're way ahead that they weren. They may vote, but they're not gonna bring their 10 friends. And one more thing folks. I don't only wanna win, I wanna, I'm correct. Thank you. I'm not, who just said that? You're not wrong. Okay. Black Rifle two A, oh, there you go. That sounds like my kind of dude right there. Well, maybe a woman. Yes, I'm not. I just, I want this to be a landslide. I want this to be a statement. I want us to win the popular vote. I want us to win one swing state they didn't expect.


I want us to compete in New Jersey and Virginia. I want the Democrats on November 6th. I want this thing called by midnight, by sane people. and I want the Democrats the next day to say what the just happened. Listen, I want to get off track. don, don't wanna get off track, but listen to me. One of the greatest days of my life, politically You know outside of wedding childbirth and personal stuff, one of the greatest days of my life, I was working at CRTV election night, 2016. No one thought Trump was gonna win. Nobody. I got into this verbal back and forth with Dan Horowitz, who's a very good friend of mine, smart guy.


It was, he insisted to me Trump was gonna lose. He'll tell you the story himself. I said to, I'm telling you, I've been knocking on doors. I was running for Congress myself. I lost the primary. I said, Trump is gonna win this thing. You're making a big mistake. I was on the air that night for probably four hours at CRTV when live streaming was a new thing with Michelle Makin folks walking out of that studio. We were in Washington DC and looking at the despondent faces on Hillary Clinton's supporters, who made the Golden Rule mistake. What's the best punch in the world? The one you never see coming. They didn't see it coming folks. they weren walking around DC and you know what the moment was for me?


If this story's stupid, you tell me to shut up. I go back to the hotel in dc, It was full of Hillary Clinton supporters when I left the hotel that night to do the coverage they had CNN on in the lobby. They had CNN this big massive screen. All the Hillary people were in the lobby and I. Remember seeing Pete Hegseth from Foxman. We were all kind of looking at each other like, we'll see what happens. I come back that night, the lobby's full of Trump supporters screaming. They've got Fox News on, and It was not a single Hillary Clinton supporter anywhere. Ladies and gentlemen, I want that feeling. Again, I don't know how long I have on this earth. I'm not, I'm not. I don't, I'm, I'm fine. I don't wanna sound, but I don't, you don't either.


I'd like to enjoy it a thousand more times, but I wanna enjoy it once more. I need that. I know you need it to. We have been through a lot in the last four years. Scamming, cheating, censorship accounts, canceled people wiping parler off the map, wiping Twitter accounts off the map, canceling our YouTube stations. We have been to a bad three and a half years. We all need this. We need this. If that alone isn't reason for you to get out and vote and bring 10 people, we just need this. I don't, don don't know what is the Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.