1 (3s):
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino,

2 (12s):
You, I have some updates for you. Proud to be back in the new studio. Just a little bit of patience today with everything, please. That's all I ask. I I, I respectfully ask because we've been dealing with so much. It's, you know, the old drinking from a fire hose thing.

Beam (27s):
Today's show brought to you by Beam. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for 47% off your first order.

2 (33s):
I've got a weekend update for you. Unfortunately, folks, it is my, my last one as we wrap up the last week of shows before this next turn in my life. Got a pretty interesting weekend update. Paula did a little Bon Vage party for me this week. It was very nice. Paula's always taking good care of me. Big show lot to discuss. Haley show launches tonight at 6:00 PM I'll get to that. So much to talk about.

Lumen (1m 1s):
Hey, do you know when your metabolism is working properly? You can feel the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. I found a valuable tool gives me insight to create improved metabolism for my body. It's called Lumen, L-U-M-E-N. Lumen iss one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device that can help measure your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to help improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. All you do is breathe into the lumen first thing in the morning. It'll analyze your metabolism, indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs. And Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day. Based on your measurements, take the next step, improve your wellness. Go to lumen.me/bonino to get 20% off your lumen. That's Lumen, LUME n.me/bonino for 20% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring the show today. Statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA and not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.

Patriot Mobile (1m 54s):
And our next sponsor today also is Patriot Mobile. Together, you and I have been fighting for the same thing, freedom, Liberty, and the country. We love one of our biggest supporters over the years. It's been Patriot Mobile. They stuck with us through thick and thin. Thank you guys. We're part of the Bonino Army Checkout Patriot Mobile. Please. We need to keep supporting companies that share our values and what we believe in. You could switch to Patriot Mobile with confidence, knowing you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage. 'cause they operate on all three major networks. Not only do you have the budget, you don't guarantee you'll get the Patriot Patriot mobile coverage guarantee. Remember, every dollar you spend Sports Company believes in the first and second Amendments. They have sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders. Switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their 100% US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan for you, your family, even your business. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with promo code. Dan can't think of a single reason you should be on Patriot Mobile. That's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.

2 (2m 51s):
All right fellas, let's get this party started today. So we did the show lie. Well, we recorded, I I don't wanna lie to you guys. We recorded some of it in advance on Thursday, Friday. I had to take off. Was up doing some stuff up north. So why would I, you could probably tell if you go back and watch that I was looking in the wrong spot, which you would think having been doing this forever. I kept looking at the monitor below. So today I'm gonna look at you in the camera and tell me in the chat if my eyes start dipping. 'cause we are live today. I promise you. If I had a watch on, I'd show you. Oh look I can, here there's the, there's my phone. So there's the actual live chat. But out of respect for the guys who had to do a crash course in the new studio Thursday, we had to kind of prerecord some of that just to be sure there were no major, you know, foul up.

2 (3m 40s):
These guys have been amazing. They have learned all of this new software. Guys, give a little wave. Go show everybody. You got it. There we go. Look at you. There you go. You see Justin seven foot tall, Justin blocking out. Everyone's like the eclipse. You can barely see Gee or Michael in there. I just found out today, Justin's four inches taller than Michael, who I thought was like seven feet tall himself. I guess it's 'cause they're sitting down all the time. I keep messing that up. So, weekend update for you. Paulo was nice enough to throw a bon voyage party for me on Saturday night. All of my friends showed up at the house and it was really an amazing moment and a party. I was, everybody had such nice things to say. I wanna thank everybody who showed up.

2 (4m 22s):
You know, my friend Cleve, Steve, my friend Arvin, we had the Martin County sheriff showed up, the nicest guy, John Boin san and thank you to Martin County Sheriff's office for being so so, you know what I'm saying? On on, on top of everything. We've had a lot of, obviously a lot of interest since the story became public. What I'll be doing next week. You guys are the best. But it was a wonderful party. It was good to see close friends. It was kind of more of an inner circle party. The guys were all there. Hailey was there. Speaking of which Haley's show launches tonight, the evening scroll with Haley Kania, 6:00 PM you can see it Eastern Time tonight. The show is amazing. You saw a couple of her test runs last week.

2 (5m 3s):
She's super talented. So give her a follow on Silver Lock Media as they take this from me in going forward in the future. Friday night I went up, I was, I was up in DC though I hadn't been back there in a long time and went to Bobby Vans steakhouse. And I gotta tell you folks, it is interesting for life to come full 180 for me. You know, oh, actually In this case, I take that back 360, I made the mistake. I always kind of knock other people for saying, eh 360, no, no, 360, you're back in the same spot. And I was, I had Paul and I, we used to go to Bobby Vans when I worked in DC and she worked down the block at this company called SIA at the time. And to go back the stake was amazing by the way. It was just, it was, it was an amazing experience to have just, you know, IIII just feel like it was a very kind of emotional to cross the bridge, look at the Jefferson Memorial again and, and go back into the city I left years ago, so I'll be back there on Monday where I start my job.

2 (6m 2s):
The media again was stunned. They were shocked. You guys saw my tweet this weekend. I had to address many media questions. Folks, they're unaware that there is a business model in the media where they sell these things called spots, sometimes known as advertisements. You guys ever heard of this model? Justin's like, I know it's new, it's about a hundred years old, so it's about five times the five times the length of Justin's life. But that they just figured that out. They just figured that out, how that works. So I addressed them in mass in a viral tweet this weekend. But thank you guys all for your patience with everything. I really appreciate it. All right, let's get to the show. So first, the Bongino rule is in, I don't even wanna say full effect, it is in like full, full, full effect.

2 (6m 49s):
There was a shooting at the White House involving the Secret Service. This is a Braveheart Mel Gibson hold moment. I'm gonna tell you a couple things about it. But first, here's some news coverage of what happened. Check this out.

3 (7m 1s):
And the US Secret Service has shot a man near the White House in Washington DC That's according to our colleagues at NBC News in the States. It happened shortly after midnight, after an armed confrontation with law enforcement. According to the Secret service there, they say local police had reported what they described as a suicidal individual who had possibly traveled to Washington DC from Indiana. They later located a vehicle and spotted a person on foot who matched the description. They then brandished a firearm. The report says, and an armed confrontation ensued during which shots were fired by secret service personnel.

3 (7m 45s):
They've confirmed,

2 (7m 46s):
Sorry, someone told me we missed it, we missed the bell. Can't miss the bell. And then someone else in the chat said, the sound is great, thank you. The sound is super crisp in the studio. Much different than the old office, right? That was just a converted studio. Listen, a couple of things on this. Two big takeaways. Number one on the hold front, is this a suicide by cop situation where someone gets out of the car, wants to die, and intentionally creates a use of force situation where the police officer to save their own life or someone else's has to engage? Possibly the evidence is certainly pointing in that direction, but I've seen so many conspiracies kind of jump up on Twitter. And the thing is just hold.

2 (8m 27s):
The information will come out over the course of the week. Let the investigators get over there and see what happened. And then we'll all formulate an opinion. Again, the Bongino rule is this, talk about a story. I'm talking about it right now. But there's no reason to jump to some final conclusion about what happened before the data sets come in. I mean, you guys all know this. I don't wanna sound like a, like a jerk. I'm not trying to be a tool. It's just let the data come in before you figure out what the math problem says. You need the data first. So just wait second, I get a ton of questions about this. And whenever there are use of force incidents at the White House, people are under this mistaken perception that the rules of engagement for secret service are different at, at the White House.

2 (9m 14s):
And they're not Secret service agents and uniform division officers. Those are separate branches within the Secret Service. One's a federal investigator, 18 11 1 are uniformed police officers. But the rules of engagement are the exact same. There's no special rules of engagement there where, because it's the White House, you know, it's like a, you know, kill on demand thing. That's not the way it works. That's just, that's not the way any of this works. That only happens in movies. So just hold, we'll take a breather on this, we'll readdress it if more stuff comes out later in the week and we'll see what really happened. I'm sure as they start to dig into the background of, of what this individual you know, and, and do like a social media scrub, we'll have an idea of what really went on.

2 (9m 57s):
Okay, so that was a, a big story this weekend. Also breaking this weekend, president Trump, if the winning will not stop, we are finally looking at a president staring in the face of a president who is transactional. I know some people don't like that. I understand there are still people in love with passionate speeches and that's great. I like to speak passionately about stuff too. It's fantastic. It's good to be a good speaker. I hope you think that of me. If you don't, you don't. However, president Trump speaks passionately about stuff. But make no mistake, he is a transactional businessman. He wants results.

2 (10m 38s):
He sees the world as a spreadsheet. This is an issue I am passionate about too, but I see the spreadsheets too. What the hell is the Department of Education doing? We've been funding this entity hundreds of billions of dollars over its decades in existence and nobody can produce a single data set showing that education's gotten better. Here he is this weekend with Maria Barta Romo saying, listen man, spreadsheets, kids, is this a plus one or a minus one? Because I don't see it. Check this out.

4 (11m 8s):
We are, we want to bring the schools back to the states because we have the worst. Literally we have the worst education department and education in the world. We are ranked at the bottom of the list and yet we're number one when it comes to cost per pupil. We wanna not only have school choice, which is important, but we wanna bring it back to the states so the states can run the schools and they will be every bit as good as the top educational departments anywhere in the world.

2 (11m 38s):
If there was ever an example of transactional President Trump, this is it. He doesn't want to hear your flowery fairy tales about how every single student deserves an education. Yes, he knows that. So do I. They do, but they're not getting it. Your taxpayer does. This is money taken from you folks. It's not fake money, it's not monopoly money. It's not collect 250 because you were on Park Avenue. Whatever it is, this is real money. Real money being lost because you are shuttling it to the federal government to take a cut to send it back to the states for programs that don't work. And nobody seems to be paying attention to it outside of the conservative movement.

2 (12m 19s):
And President Trump, I asked last week and these guys are, these guys are good. Last week I was, I said, you guys remember that story? It was from a couple of years ago. It was out of the Baltimore area, the Baltimore area media market. The story was almost unbelievable when I first saw the headline to the point where I had to do one of those. Check it, check it twice things you ever shoot on the range and make sure it's empty. Like check it, check it twice. I had to check this one twice. Here's seven on your side. A, B, C, local Baltimore, 23 Baltimore schools have zero students proficient in math state test results. Real. How the hell do you do that? How the hell do you have zero students?

2 (13m 0s):
You would think by chance, right? This is not funny. I'm not by Justin, am I crazy? Like by chance you would get one super genius kid in the class who even though the instruction's not going well can at least be proficient and met, right? Maybe he figured it out at home. Maybe they used the Khan Academy or something like that. How the hell do you have 23 schools with a donut? Zero students proficient in math? It's kind of impressive. It it almost like the level of failure, right? You're like, how did they do that, Michael? It's almost like they were trying, it's like how do we get every single kid, every single kid to not be prof?

2 (13m 42s):
We're not talking about excelling, we're just talking about like basic proficiency. I said, how do you do that? Is this intentional? What are you doing? I told you when I ran for office in Maryland, it was this guy, he was not a Republican by the way, but he met with us and he said, Dan, you, you're looking at this all wrong. You think that a lot of these administrators and people in the education bureaucracy care about the kids? I said, well, I hope they do. He said they don't. He said it is a jobs program for them and that is it. He said, that's all they see it as. How do I maintain my employment and my raises And that's it.

2 (14m 24s):
I gotta tell you, I still remember that conversation folks. The left has been entirely collapsing. Moving on here, you know my, I have this theory of what happened in the Donald Trump era for the left. Not us. We're really good at analyzing our situation. We're getting better at diagnosing the left. But one of the things I've been talking about for years now is this kind of show your butt's theory of politics for the left where this is important. I want you to understand this 'cause none of this segment is gonna make any sense if you don't understand the mechanics of how this works. There's always been rage at Republicans. I mean you guys remember, you're not that old.

2 (15m 5s):
The guy crew with, with George W. Bush and MIT Romney, the Democrats, I don't understand, but on the other side of the political aisle, have always engaged in kind of viscerally personal politics with Republicans. Remember that whole George W. Bush, you know, blood for oil, he's trying to kill us, all that kind of thing. MIT Romney, the binders full of women and all that, women and all that stuff. But can we all agree there is nothing, nothing you've ever seen like the rage directed at Donald Trump. So what's the show your butts theory? Well, no one wants to see anybody. No one, no one wants to see that. But the Democrats continue to do it. I was trying to explain this to gee beforehand 'cause he wanted to cut a piece outta the show. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. This is exactly where I'm going with this.

2 (15m 45s):
The show your butts theories is you got these Democrats showing the ugly side of 'em all the time and you're like, why are they doing that? People don't, they're like, oh my gosh, I don't wanna see it. Why do you keep doing it? It's because they can't stop. There's this perpetual rage machine on the left that just reviles Donald Trump. So what winds up happening is the Democrats are engaging in a, a, a, a repeated pattern of behavior that is counterproductive to their end goal of getting votes and approval from the public, but they have to one up each other each time. Does that make sense? You, you show your part. I'm gonna show 'em, I'm gonna show you everything. Oh, they can't stop. They have to constantly win up each other.

2 (16m 26s):
It is the exact opposite of transactional Donald Trump. Donald Trump sees the world, the spreadsheets and business. The left is so involved in the passion of it that they feel like in order to get TV time and donors, that whoever does something crazy, they have to do something crazier. I want you to start, I'm gonna start with this and you'll see what I mean. So there's this 13-year-old young man, DJ Daniel. This poor young man has cancer. You know, something I've dealt with not this severe as this young man has DJ Daniel, but he gave this incredible In this emotional interview about Donald Trump. Now, Donald Trump's supposed to be the cold-hearted fascist guy if you believe the left. But Donald Trump brought this young man to the state of the Union.

2 (17m 8s):
They gave him an honorary secret service badge. I reached out to Director Kern from the Secret Service and personally thanked him for doing, I think it was an amazing gesture. I want you to watch him first. And the left refused that the state of the Union to even get up and acknowledge that this young man was there and had been through a real struggle. All too many Americans are facing with cancer. Check this out,

5 (17m 30s):
Which you wanna know the craziest part because my mom bathed me and my brothers all together and outta nowhere, I locked up And then my dad, my dad was calling my name and I started going to the slow thing and he said, stop playing with me. And I start, and I and Don, I started to act. I ain't gonna lie, I started to act slow. And then as soon as that, as, as soon as he said that all we, we were speeding all the way running lights going to the hospital. And then next thing you know, I was seasoned on the table. They said, no, we gonna have to go In this brain tonight. Ever since then I had 13 brain surgeries and, and that's how many times my personality has changed. And that's something that you don't hear from a termin old child and had five months to live. I'm gonna keep on going into my gas tanks, run out, and that's when God calls you home.

5 (18m 11s):
You never know when God's gonna call you home. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for my dad. I know he's pretty proud of, proud of me and I'm pretty proud of him too. And I like to thank President Trump because if it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be here today.

2 (18m 26s):
Yeah. You know, I don't want to, I don't wanna kill anybody's mood on a Monday morning. I'm really excited to be here for my last week. But I know as a, what, 47-year-old when I was maybe 46, 47 when I was diagnosed with cancer and we didn't know what kind and they tell you it could be this which is terminal or it could be this, which is, which is treatable. You know, in that period between I when I didn't know and when I found out it was Hodgkin's lymphoma, you know, you hear where they say your life flashes in front of your eyes. But it does it, it it, it does. And I had a problem with that As a 46-year-old with a different set of coping skills, having been through so much the young man's 13 years old, you are witnessing really a travesty of modern politics that the Democrats decided to make a political issue out of this young man's battle with cancer who is unbelievably eloquent in his struggle where he says, I don't know what's ahead.

2 (19m 29s):
I couldn't, I'm, I I I didn't know what to do. I was coming home from Sloan Kettering after a really talented surgeon. Bo Sing was his name amazing at Sloan Kettering. I wanna thank for it. Cut this tumor outta my neck. And I was flying home two days later and there was a guy on the plane, I dunno if I ever told you this. And he, he recognized me. I don't know if it's from Fox or the show or whatever, but he gave me kind of a nod. Like I know what you're going through and I don't care how this sounds or what, but I just broke down man, it was hard. I just broke down. It all caught up to me then, you know, and this, this young man going through this and the Democrats making a football out of their political football outta this, you are watching a total brand collapse of their party.

2 (20m 15s):
I thought they were in it for the little guy. A damn shame. Alright, I'm gonna take a quick break and I'll show you what I mean. Again, how this is really deeply impacting them badly. Their brand is entirely collapsed.

BrickHouse Nutrition (20m 26s):
Look, I got this note from Brick House Nutrition and I gotta tell you, it kind of hit me hard. Brick House has been with us for a long time. We've had a great business with 'em for nearly a decade. They were our first sponsor. I'm gonna tell you right now, miles, the guy who runs that company loves this country. He loves this Bonino army and he has been a loyal friend to me. You trusted their products just like I did. So as a thank you, they're doing something huge for you for this week only. They're giving you guys the biggest discount they ever offered. 40% off everything Lean, which I use to drop 30 pounds. I was, I needed a field of greens and all their top of the line products, I use them. It's their way of saying thank you for being part of the Bonino and Brickhouse family for all this time. But this is just for you guys. It's only for this week. So go to brickhouse nutrition.com/dan, use code Dan to get 40% off. They've had my back, we've had their back. They're showing their appreciation for us and I really appreciate it. If you've ever bought before, you can still get 40% off with this deal. And thank you Miles. This is really nice here. Go to brickhouse nutrition.com/dan, use my promo code Dan for 40% off. That's code dan@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan. You guys are great.

2 (21m 37s):
And next sponsor there.

American Financing (21m 39s):
American financing. Listen, I, I don't know your exact financial situation, but if you're like thousands of homeowners American financing talks to every month, some of you're struggling to keep up drowning in high interest debt and it's not your fault. Life just got really expensive. Inflation hits hard and you're still carrying credit card balances with 20% plus interest rates while the mortgage sits untouched and you're ignoring the one thing that could turn it all around. You're home. American financing can help. Would you trade 10 minutes for a shot at saving an average of $800 every single month? Because that's exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American financing. A simple no obligation call could change everything. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you in a loan that doesn't make sense and there are no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American financing today and start feeling that relief. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or visit them online@americanfinancing.net. Dot net american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.

2 (22m 37s):
Hey, I'd be remiss also again, just before I get started, if I did not thank my wife, I saw Paula this morning and I was getting, I was getting changed for work and ready to bounce out to the studio and she is just, folks, if you could give her a little shout out in the chat, I'd really appreciate it. She is running around, we are doing so much trying to move. We don't even have a place yet. The place we were gonna get, it didn't work out. So we're actually moving right now to nowhere yet until we figure it out. She's over at the other house trying to get stuff for us. She's packing as she's just been doing so much dealing with the pit transition of the business. So to my unbelievable, and by the way, through this party for me this weekend, we had about 50 people show up.

2 (23m 23s):
My team was there. So Paula, thank you so much for me. And I know that everybody watching feels the same way. You were amazing. I saw her this morning getting changed and I said, Hey, I'm sorry. And she said, you're sorry for what? I said, I'm sorry you married a guy like me, you know? And she's like, what do you mean? I said, you know, you could have married some rich doctor works a nine to five or something and stayed home. And he married a guy like me. He was always, you know, throwing curve balls, take that back, throwing knuckle balls so you don't know where it's gonna go. So I appreciate that. You're a good woman. Thank you. The best.

2 (24m 3s):
All right folks. I'm telling you, the last week's gonna be tough. So if you guys will just bear with me on this emotional rollercoaster, I would so deeply appreciate it. I know you all understand, but we do have content to cover. So this is what I'm talking about. You're witnessing a total brand collapse of a party that prided itself, the Democrats and the past of being the party of the little guy, the party of the working man. And In this effort to one up the attacks on Donald Trump, what they've done is they've completely forfeited and unmoored their boat to that brand label. But here's the thing, it is okay to remake your party with a new brand, you wanna go from the nice guy to the James Dean Rebel, make the transition, hire a branding guy, whatever The problem I see with the Democrats and pay attention.

2 (24m 51s):
'cause this is the most important point I'm gonna make on this, is they've unmoored themselves from their initial brand working man, little guy co-exist, tolerance, whatever it may be, and they're now just drifting at sea. I mean it, I'll do a little test in the chat. Tell me in the chat right now what their new bumper sticker brand is. Three words or less. What are the Democrats about? Now? The answer is nobody woke is a, maybe nobody really knows here. This is a TikTok video. Tiktoks still a very powerful platform, whether we like it or not. Here's a TikTok influencer here. You could not pay me to be a Democrat. Again, this is what brand collapse looks like.

2 (25m 31s):
Check this out.

6 (25m 33s):
You couldn't pay me to be a liberal again. You couldn't do it. After watching that speech, I am convinced that Democrats hate America the way that they didn't stand for Lake and Riley's mother, the way that they didn't stand for that little boy who has brain cancer, the way that they didn't stand for that young man who got accepted into West Point. Are you, are you with me on this the way that they hate America?

6 (26m 13s):
I,

2 (26m 16s):
Yes, I know, I see the chat. I know I got a couple emails this weekend. I see the, the, the rage from the other side in the chat, but folks don't fret. It's not a it, it's a sign of something. What is one of the golden rules of this show? Always gauge the effectiveness of what you're doing by the response of your political opponents. That's why you're seeing the rage directed at the show. Click the views up before you leave. It's okay with us. Your brand's collapsing, not ours. We're doing just fine. I'll show it to you coming up in a minute because receipts matter. I will show it to you.

2 (26m 55s):
But if you think that's the only one you're like, oh my gosh, that's just one episode of this one. They're all over TikTok. And I'm not telling you, this is a scientific survey of Democrats and all that other stuff. I'm not telling you that I am telling you. However, it's out there. It's very real. I don't know this person, but here's another one, a Democrat voter who wakes up after the State of the Union speech and watch that entire episode, watch the brand collapse. It's like, I don't want that. That's not my brand. Check this out.

7 (27m 24s):
I cannot tell you how refreshing it was to wake up this morning and hear from other Democrats and see on my post other Democrats who are just as furious and ready to frigging jump ship as I am. I do not, I am not buying into what they're selling because after what we saw yesterday, I'm actually glad that they pulled that yesterday because people like me who have been disillusioned by the Democratic party for a long time, got to see in evilness there, got to see a diabolical side of the Democratic party who's basically saying, we want you to fail.

7 (28m 5s):
We don't care if you fail. Feel like it's like the scene in the Wizard of Oz when they finally go back to see the great Oz and they pull the curtain back and it's just a little old man just standing there like that doesn't have a fucking clue. I'm not gonna be afraid to like voice my opinion anymore. I'm done. I am done. I am done. And you're not gonna bully me off my own page by thinking logical thoughts. I'm not gonna be gaslit by my own party. Not one day more. Not one day more.

2 (28m 40s):
Do you notice she emphasizes the lack of fear moving forward? Do you do, do you, are you guys and ladies out there catching the difference between 20 16 20 16 and the, what I'm getting at is the first Donald Trump presidential term was such a shock to the system of the establishment. By the way, the right and the left that it was, it was, it was, it was kind of cool to be, remember the resistance and all of that. And then they got smoked so bad and realized that they lost the popular vote, regardless of it was 50% or not. We, our movement, the MAGA movement got more votes than you did. So if you're gonna suggest you are popular, then just by sheer numbers, our movement is more popular, right?

2 (29m 21s):
If you believe in just this thing called math, you see how now the entire resistance movement has completely collapsed, and now we're getting to the point where the second guy's getting up and dancing. Some of you'll get that. And then the third guy, and now people are starting to realize whether it's, I saw this thing, DEI, the whole office of DEI was shuttered at University of Virginia. It's all collapsing now. It's all collapsing around them. As people realize their positions were never popular, they were never popular, and now all of a sudden, whatever the stupid word is, cool, it's cool. It's edgy now to be on our side and not on their side. And everybody's starting to see it.

2 (30m 3s):
I'll never forget after the election a couple months ago, was it Dana Perino on Fox saying for the first time in a while, she had seen a bunch of red MAGA hats in New York City and no one was like throwing things at them like Game of Thrones Ex Giffy again, if you know, you know I got more including receipts. I'm gonna show you again how this kind of show your butts theory here works. How they've been forcing the Trump year, or they've forced Democrats to take unpopular positions. They've forced 'em. The Democrats have taken on, taken unpopular positions despite no force to do it, and they're just doing it because they have to one up each time.

2 (30m 43s):
You'll see what I mean with this, with this clip coming up next from CNN No less. Our last break Today, a

MyPillow (30m 48s):
MyPillow is excited to announce they're having the first ever mega sale on Overstock clearance and brand new products. For example, save over 50% on the season's flannel sheets. Queen size only 59, 98 King, 69, 98. They sell out fast every year. So order now save 30% on the brand new My crosses designed in the likeness of the one mics worn every day for over 20 years. They come in men's and women's, they're made right here in the USA get the 20 25 6 piece my set for only 29 98. The initial quantities are extremely limited. So get 'em now before they go, and their bestselling standard MyPillow, just 1498 to take advantage of this first ever mega sale, go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. But wait, remember that $75 free shipping rule while that ship is sailed. Right now, every order ship's absolutely free shop their first ever mega sale with free shipping on every order. Once again, go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2.

2 (31m 49s):
And our last bot. Before I get to that clip, you'll see I always bring the receipts folks

Beam (31m 54s):
beam. We've been working with 'em for a while. I want to introduce you to another one of their great products Beam's. Dream capsules. Dream capsules contain the same great, great ingredients that come together that help you bring you the best night's sleep. Guaranteed Beam is proudly founded in America and run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. It's a science-backed nighttime blend packed with ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made with powerful, an all natural and all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, epigene, and melatonin Beams already helped to improve over 17 point a half million nights of sleep, helping people across the country wake up and feel their best. Here's the deal. Beam's giving my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 47% off. Try their bestselling dream capsule, get up to 47% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 47% off. Support an American company. Invest in yourself and get a good night's sleep tonight.

2 (32m 55s):
So here it is, receipts here. Again, CNN segments. So you can't accuse me of some unnecessary partisan bias. This is definitely not a conservative outlet showing on this men and women's sports issue. How the Democrats, despite the fact that they know this is an absolute loser, even Gavin Newsom very far left governor of California is all of a sudden changing his mind on this. Now you see how people are starting to get up and dance now, and the second person or third person, the Democrats need that dancing movement too, where their party's gonna be done. You're gonna witness brand collapse. That's gonna be generational. Listen to these polling numbers on this specific issue. Check this out.

8 (33m 30s):
Such a clear trend among the American public. So transgender female athletes in women's sports, only 18% of the country says that they should be, in fact allowed to participate in women's sports. Compare this to the opposition. I mean, my goodness gracious, 79%, you rarely get 79% of the country to agree on anything, but they do in fact agree on the idea of opposing transgender female athletes in women's sports.

2 (33m 58s):
They don't. I'm telling you, they don't care. I want you to witness this, this, this, this disparity, this, this, this brick wall between the two parties. Now, where you have this transactional president, Donald Trump, who sees the world as a spreadsheet, whether you like it or not, he wants results. He's not interested in flowery speeches. Then you've got the Democrats lost In this passionate emotion for an issue. They're willing to die on this hill that Americans are against them resoundingly by a massive margin. You're talking about a a, they'd have to get, make up 30 polling points to get back to 50 50. By the way, I was, thank you Mina. Mina 14. I'm gonna miss you, Dan, I'm gonna miss you guys too.

2 (34m 40s):
Annie gives a shout out to Paula. I really appreciate it. I'm trying to read as many of these as I can during the Clipse. You guys are awesome. Thank you very much. I they love the new studio. You guys like it. I, I know I, what was said, it looked like, look like Crowders with the brick wall and back. Those are New York City bricks. For those that the, and for those who missed the Friday or Thursday show, excuse me, last week, the flag that was from the Patriot Awards when I was with Fox. The badge next to it is a inaugural secret service badge from when George W. Bush won the next one over there. You see the American flags a delighted American. We got a lot of American flag. We love America. Of course, we got the Hard American flag, the Patriot Awards, that is my secret service badge next to it from when it was with the Treasury Department in Lose Sight.

2 (35m 22s):
Got a series of great books in there, got all the civil rights amendments there, got the Bonino baseball, Auburn basketball, signed by the team, Bo Jackson signed Helmut. Gotta represent Auburn. My books at the bottom, and of course a mutley and rockham sock robots. Man, you guys are good at this. Look at it now. What are you showing him? The ceiling now too. Oh, oh, of course. And the, that is going out to Anita and the crew. You guys can take that with you. The famous ese head, which I, I'm sure he, we'll be seeing a lot of him over the next few years. I'm sure he'll have a lot to add to the conversation. Conversation. Hey, here is a, this is probably my favorite clip of the entire show.

2 (36m 2s):
This is the one, no, you guys like this one. Okay. They wanted to cut out a different one. If there has ever been a gift to the MAGA movement on the other side of the aisle, the other side of the aisle, folks, it is Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. This is, this is so transformational for us. If, if more Democrats would emulate the Jasmine Crockett style of speaking out publicly, passionately, but I think she has no idea. It would be a huge boon to the polling numbers for our side. Now there, here's Jasmine Crockett, who unbelievably says on a cable news network that entering the country illegally is not illegal entering the country.

2 (36m 43s):
She uses the word illegally. In case you think I'm crazy, I'll play it for you. Entering the country illegally is illegal because you entered the country illegally in violation of the law. I'll show it to you coming up next. What, what the actual code is. Community notes struck again, but here, listen to it first.

9 (37m 2s):
It is not a criminal violation to enter the country illegally. It's not, it's not a criminal. It's crime. It's not a crime, which is why they're so frustrated.

2 (37m 18s):
Thank you Elon Musk again for the glorious Community Notes feature. Yes, it is a crime C eight United States Code section 30 13 25, 1 3 2 5. You can look it up yourself, of course, if you'd like. But don't let facts get in the way of a silly argument. She literally said, and oh man, I use that word. I hate it. It is not illegal. Or excuse me, it's not, it's not against the law to enter the country illegally. I I encourage you to slow down and think about what you just stated. It's

9 (37m 51s):
Not a crime, which is why there's a crime. It's not a crime which is a crime. It's not a crime.

2 (37m 56s):
No, it is. It's the gift that keeps on giving. I'm gonna predict something. Now, did I say this before guys? That there is going to be mark this down. Mark down. I won't be here to comment on this is why

9 (38m 10s):
They're so frustrated.

2 (38m 12s):
I can almost guarantee you Jasmine Crockett and a OC are gonna turn into rival soon. 'cause I don't think a OC likes it that Jasmine Crockett has taken her place as the greatest Democrat gift to Republicans. I don't, I don't think she likes it. I don't. She's getting all this attention. Congresswoman Crockett now at the expense of a OC, who was the gift they kept on giving in the past? I'm, I'm serious. I'm not kidding. I think they're gonna turn into rivals. Folks, the left of course cannot get their sea legs about 'em. You've seen this, this disorganized kind of a textile back to show your butts thing. The position on the, on the, on the men and women's sports issue.

2 (38m 53s):
You're seeing how bad it is. It's gotta be bad. When Gavin Newsom, who has been traditionally the left wing load star for the left, I mean this guy, he's been kind of like an anchor for leftist policies and insulated in the state of California. When Gavin Newsom starts to recognize how the Republicans are working flooding the zone or what we call rockham. So robots, what banning calls flood the zone, I don't care what you call it. When he starts recognizing that you know, what we're doing is right, he understands this is the only way to roll here. Listen to him on his new podcast, he had Charlie Kirk on as a guest. Check this out.

10 (39m 31s):
I think you talked about it the other day. A lot of folks were talking about that Carville article where he talked about roll over and play dead roll over. In essence, he saying that, think he said though, right? Strategic retreat, right? That we need to come back. Trump's starting tolo, his numbers are getting soft. This was even before the tariff issues, et cetera. And then come back and strike when hot and I, I I immediately, nobodys thought about you, who's just 24 7 flooding the zone, owning this space every day, getting a convert every day, picking up one, two, 10,000 folks, continuing the momentum coming outta this damn election. And then I'm thinking about we're gonna stand back and watch you run circles around us for six months, the next two or three years waiting for the moment to finally strike.

2 (40m 15s):
Lemme just throw something out there. By the way, it was very limited, but I saw some criticism on social media that Charlie did this interview with Gavin Newsom. I, I don't know, I I don't, tell me in the chat, you guys, obviously you're the only thing that matters, the show. While I'm with you this last week, I have zero problem whatsoever. If I was staying In this space, which I'm not, I'm gonna tell you right now, I'd go on the show, why not? What I don't understand what the criticism of Charlie is. If we're not willing to go on a show like that where some third party may be listening, right? In other words, it's, it's not a liberal or a Democrat. It's a seemingly kind of nonpartisan third party guy who can go either way and we can just flip a few of them and move them over.

2 (41m 1s):
That's how Donald Trump was so successful. I said that to forget to rewind the tape. Go back. This is live so we can't, but if we could, I would've, if we were taping this, I would delete that. Donald Trump won the way he won, precisely because he went places and talked to people that we hadn't spoken to before. Tell me I'm wrong. Tell me in the chat bot Gino, one of our last polls. Yes. Charlie was right to go on the show. No, he wasn't. I'm telling you, he was. Donald Trump went to the Bronx. Donald Trump was doing rallies in traditionally left wing areas. Donald Trump got historic numbers of black Hispanic voters, Democrats, union workers flipping over constituencies that had always gone lockstep for the left.

2 (41m 48s):
Let me see, what's the, what's the results guys? What's the, let me, does this talk back work? Hold on. Did that work? Yes. Look at that. Yes, it worked. Hey, look at this guys. We gotta talk back thing now. Is it, mute the mic here. Sorry. Second. Can you guys hear this? Yeah. No, they can't. I'm in love with all this new tech. These guys are teaching me all these new gizmos every, we didn't have a cough button last time when I was coughing all over the place. And by the way, I had been cursing. Gee, he gave me some fungus cold last week he had, and I had it Wednesday, Thursday for, and then I'm finally getting over this day. He gave me the studio, ugh, coughing all over the place using the cough button.

2 (42m 29s):
What was I talking about? Oh yeah. Okay, good. You all agree with me? We're not gonna convince people on the other side that our ideas are better. If we're not willing to take our ideas to the other side and convince 'em they're better, it doesn't even make any sense. And what better time to do it than now? Listen, we have mastered the Republican part, the MAGA movement. Let me be specific. The Republicans are coming around. The MAGA movement has mastered the art of social media influencing whether it's memes, whether it's videos. They have mastered this. They are so good. It's not. But seconds before Democrats post cringey videos, you saw the fight one.

2 (43m 10s):
I was gonna play it today, but you've seen it a thousand times. Like pick your fighter A OC po and all it is ridiculous. The video is so dumb. Even CNN was like, do we really need to see this right now? Of course we didn't. Right? But believe it or not, here's another one. This is Democrat rep Rosa Deloro posting a cringe video. Now listen to me. Here's the thing. They're not telling you. You probably, you may have seen this already, but I want you to listen to the, the kind of the lingo she uses. I I will bet you some young staffer went to a TikTok video and was like, Hey man, let's do like a urban dictionary and get some cool words in here and throw 'em in and we'll look like we're part of the crew folks, you're trying too hard. If you're doing that, you're trying too hard.

2 (43m 51s):
Listen, you'll hear the words and you'll be like, what does he mean by that? Check this out.

11 (43m 56s):
Yo, this is the ranking risler on appropriations serving Connecticut's third district. It's time to enter your Dark Academia Congress era. Alright? Besties house appropriation is the money moves in Congress. We are not chasing the bag. We are the bag. Democrats are making lives smoother through government funding. It's giving sc So Sigma main character energy, but Republicans Project 2025 is mad sus,

2 (44m 28s):
Sorry. Hello fellow kids. I know I'm trying to write down, I'm trying to write down all the, all the, all the kind of edgy, cool lingo words that Rosa Delore. So she's the, can you guys look this up? What is the grizzler do? Can you, can we do this on the air? Because I, I really, I don't know the, I heard some of these other ones, but have you e is the grizzler, is it, is this like, I hope it's not some like dark, like triple, like the Riz is a social media wellknown for Riz face. Oh, I've heard of the Riz before. Like charisma. It's like short for, but I you, if you have we have you guys ever said that Like, damn what a showed it. You're the Riz. I never, I never, so we got the Riz, she throws bestie in.

2 (45m 9s):
Okay, bestie like best friend. I've heard my daughter say that. So we'll give her a pass on bestie. And then she says, she quotes main character energy. I saw this once on TikTok. I found out like, this is like, kind of like you're like the guy, like the, the chest puffer in the room you have main character energy. I saw one time a TikTok video and they were talking about showing up to a wedding with main character energy. And then we're not chasing the bag. We are the bag. Who's the bag? What's in the bag? Is there something in the bag I'm unaware of? Is there an actual bag or is this just some kind of rhetorical bag I missed? But I think from now on we will try to incorporate at least once a day in every show the term the Rizla.

2 (45m 51s):
Just me. I'm kidding. Of course.

12 (45m 53s):
She also said Gibby.

2 (45m 55s):
Oh, ski. What is Gibby? I don't know what that is. I,

12 (45m 57s):
It actually doesn't mean anything. I

2 (45m 59s):
Don't think. Oh, is that folks in the chat? Can you help me? I know we have a lot of younger viewers. What is Gibby? Is that supposed to mean something Gibby? Can you mix them? Can you be like the gibby, grizzler bestie with main character energy holding the bag? Is that possible to put them all in one sentence or is that way too much influencer era? But you know what, Michael, we need your OSA right now. Avita is familiar with all this stuff. She doesn't talk like that, but Avita iss all over the whole culture stuff. Her and Hailey are gonna be all over this stuff. They know what this like, you gotta, can you have her,

12 (46m 32s):
We bring Hailey for like a live translation

2 (46m 34s):
Next time. Can you do that? Can you have Hailey? Maybe, oh, this week and her 6:00 PM show, Ty also called Ty Toilet is a popular catchphrase came from a YouTube video. It has no inherent meaning, but it's often used for comedic effect. So let's see if it's funny. Hey guys, ski. Okay. No, it's really not. It's really enough. Skiddy

12 (47m 1s):
Too bad we don't have another sponsor for me to transition you

2 (47m 4s):
Into. Oh, gee, gee is I know Gee's like diet. He's like, I I've had enough of this. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. This is, this is one of those Leo Getz moments from Lethal Weapon three. Right? Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Moving on folks. They're singing again, again, back to the, let's, let's, let's anchor this again, what this segment is about, because you know me, once I get into something, I can't stop sometimes because I find it hilarious. They cannot get their sea legs. They are so off on the messaging. Rather than getting back to the post George HW Bush, Ronald Reagan era, when they re-anchor themselves through the Democrat Leadership Council in, in, you know, in mainstream kind of Democrat values.

2 (47m 46s):
They can't do it. They're singing again. He was an anti-Trump science rally. I'm not sure. Like the science, like wear your mask or take the vaccine. It's gonna stop you from getting covid. Here's an anti-Trump science rally in DC and the singing. What is with the singing? At least make it good singing. Check this out.

14 (48m 6s):
Sing along with us. This play the line of mine. I'm gonna let it shine the line of my, I'm gonna let it shine.

2 (48m 35s):
Wait, GEs telling me that's not even it. There's another one. Remember Francis Collins, remember him with all the emails about the Barrington Declaration during COVD, which basically said common sense that the only thing that was gonna stop this was some form of herd immunity. You remember this guy? Here's Francis Collins. Listen, if you're going to sing, if you're going to sing, can we all agree yes or no in the chat? We only got one week of chatting together. Left? Yes or no in the chat? I'm actually not totally against the singing, but you gotta bring out people who can actually sing. You got yourself a a Morgan wallet out there. Hey man, I may not agree. I'll listen to that.

2 (49m 16s):
I don't wanna listen to Francis Collins. Check this out. Come on.

16 (49m 21s):
The good people who are part of this family, this is a song for all the good people we're joined to together by this noble dream.

2 (49m 38s):
He's like, there's no amount of studio cleanup. We can do mixing or anything else to make that sound good. There's no audio auto tune or anything. Yeah, there is. It's called Mute. Yeah, mute. Yes. That's a good point, Justin. There is actually a way to make that sound good. You calling it the, you can't hear me talk. That's the only way to make that sound good, folks. They cannot get their sea legs. But again, anchoring where we started in the segment, the MAGA movement is really, really good at this, and it's hilarious to listen to or read. In this case, Forbes put a headline of Vice President JD Vance posts a meme of himself as he didn't even call him vice president.

2 (50m 21s):
It says JD Vance as largely unflattering Vance memes, flood, social media unflattering. Do you have any idea how the meme game works? Listen, I, I'm gonna tell you something. I know we laugh a lot during the show. Obviously there's a heavy dose of sarcasm. I get that. But I promise you the things we talk about and the things that are going through my head is me and the team are putting the show together. A deadly serious, the education issue, the idea of re-anchoring our government and actual science, serious stuff. Chad likes me, but we live in a world right now where social media matters, memes and other things. Do they influence people? You may not like it, but that's where we are. What are you saying?

2 (51m 1s):
There has not been a president or vice president who's understood this better than Donald Trump and JD Vance. No one Vance is hilarious and you don't have to like it. But this thing went nuclear this weekend. If you've ever seen Once Upon a time in Hollywood, this, by the way, is one of my favorite memes, Gies I've ever seen on x. JD Vance put his face over the, over the famous Leo face. We love this. If I, I wish I could explain to you if you're in the chat what this is, but it's one of those things, guys, wouldn't you agree? You have to So good. You just have to be on X or truth to see it. After a few times you'll get what they're doing and it worked. You, I can't explain it, but if you know, you know, and this one was absolutely hilarious.

2 (51m 47s):
Hey, can we, can we jump ahead to just Christie Noma and CBS dm? I, I don't want to leave the show today without getting to that. Yep. Would you mind? Okay. This is important because we're gonna be discussing a lot of national security stuff this week and obviously matters to me. DHS Secretary Christie Nome was on CBS. My apologies for the mic discipline, believe me, I know this is, see how when I get away from the mic, you can't hear me anymore? We didn't have that in the other studio. So the reason it sounds crisp is because of what they did to manipulate the system. The downside is you really have to eat the microphone. So I even have it over here. Look on mic. Stay on the mic because I'm such an animated guy. Am I? Thank you. Gee.

2 (52m 27s):
Wow. Gee, a compliment. I never get a compliment from Giza. You're sure you did a very nice job. Never. That is not a gee thing at all. Here is de the Department of Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome about tariffs and the fentanyl trafficking coming into the country. This stuff matters because this is the, it is a specific, what late 1970s statute Donald Trump is using in his team, president Trump to impose these tariffs. That's why this is important. Check this out.

17 (52m 54s):
In the conversations that I've had this week with Canadian officials, they were hoping to avoid the tariffs and had a lot of conversations, but not a lot of action. So this is the hope is that the fact that President Trump has said something and now has enforced consequences, we really are hoping for even better partnerships. We need access to their criminal background system so that we know when someone crosses that northern border, who they are, why they're in our country, and who they may be partnering with. We also need them to work with us on identifying packages, technology, investments. Canada has said they will do that. We just wanna see them actually do it. In the past, promises have been made by both Mexico and Canada that they didn't follow through on their naming of a fentanyls are and Canada's important.

17 (53m 40s):
That's great. Now, let's see. Really what happens. President Trump's been strong, and I think that's why you've seen the data going our direction. But boy, every day, people In this country are dying of overdoses. And I don't want any more families to have to deal with that tragedy. If we can be, if it can be avoided and we can have a stronger relationship, folks,

2 (53m 59s):
We're gonna need some cooperation from Canada and Mexico to where North and south respectively, In this drug fight. We are. There's no question about it. However, Canada, just this, just, just this week, just this weekend, Mark Carney, who is very liberal, took the place of Justin Trudeau Kearney, came out very combative, extremely combative. I say that because this administration, if, if you fell into the trap of, well take them seriously, but not literally, you're making a big mistake. Whether it's Secretary Nome, whether it's President Trump or Vice President Vance, they are, they are deadly serious about this.

2 (54m 42s):
They want this stopped and they're gonna use every tool they have to make it stop sex trafficking, drug trafficking. They're going to, you don't have to agree with it, but they're gonna do it. And you have grossly, grossly misjudged they intentions if you're taking them seriously, but not literally. And Carney came out unbelievably combat combative. He's gonna say, I'm protecting Canadian interest. Fine, but it's in Canadian interest to get these tariffs reduced. It's in our interest to get your tariffs on our products reduced. Fix this fentanyl problem, fix the trafficking problem, fix the illegal immigration problem, and everybody's happy in our hemisphere. But don't make that mistake. You better take 'em seriously.

2 (55m 22s):
And literally, folks, don't miss Haley's show tonight. 6:00 PM Eastern Time Live here. The evening scroll with Haley Carina, her first full live show tonight. Really looking forward to seeing that. Thank you all for tuning in. By the way, if you wanna give her a follow, Anita and the crew, put this link up. If you wouldn't mind, the radio show rumble.com/aida for aida's show rumble.com/haley, H-A-Y-L-E-Y. Just give them a follow on rumble. We really appreciate it. I'll see you on the radio show here in a little bit and back here tomorrow as we wrap the week up at 11:00 AM Eastern Time Live. And wait, one final thing, thank you to my team, Paula, Jasmine, gee, Michael and Justin, you give 'em a a little applause in the in the chat for really on a super compressed timeline.

2 (56m 15s):
Thank you guys. There you go. Thank you so much for putting together a i I was, I swore there were gonna be gremlins today. You guys did an amazing job. Really hiccup free. So thank you very much. See you guys back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM

1 (56m 28s):
You just heard the damn bond Gino show.