
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan. Bonino. Oh my gosh. Do I have a weekend update for you? I'm gonna have to make it short, but listen, this is your home for breaking news, sadly, sadly, sadly. Why would you say that, Dan, about your own show? Because again, something we passed on to you almost two weeks ago now is now filtering into the mainstream media as breaking news. Why is that sad? It's sad because the Secret Services had two weeks to formulate a story.


What if they just would've reported on what I told them two weeks ago? That's now breaking news. We would be ahead of the game. I'm not kidding. I'm not trying to be a dick. I'm telling you the truth. It is really sad that this stuff comes out two weeks later, breaking news, which you can go back and listen to on my show two weeks ago, and nobody ran with it. Consider yourself again weeks ahead of the news cycle.


Sadly, you heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every week. Get it now. The roughing, their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Get some sleep and use code. bonino.


big show for you today, including a stunning, stunning new revelation. Everybody get ready. Clip this. Get it out there, because this came at me this morning and it explains everything. It explains everything about the Counter Sniper team. Failure to counter the sniper at the Trump thing. I just got this hot off the presses. Stay tuned. Hey, can you feel it? Something big is coming. You. know the government. You can't trust them. You always get the feeling they're up to something And. they just won't tell you the truth. You think in an emergency they're gonna be there to take care of you. I got news for you. They're there to take care of themselves, the yous of the world. You, you, you are a second thought to them, okay?


Are you prepared? Self-reliance matters. Don't trust them. You got a solar generator, you got water filtration, you got emergency food, you have your supplies. I have the one stop shop for you. I've been using forever. My Patriot Supply. They've served millions of American families for years, including me. My Patriot Supply is one of the most trusted names in survival and for a darn good reason. Here's the website. Go Today, stock up on their bestselling three month emergency food kits and save $200 in the process, my patriot supply.com, my patriot supply.com. These food kits, they deliver over 2000 calories a day. You know what that means. That means survival sealed inside, practically unpersonable packaging. It lasts up to 25 years. The food tastes good too. Go to My Patriot supply.com. Save $200 per kid. Please don't wait. I'm gonna tell Paula to send me a picture of how many of these I have. In case you think I'm messing with you. Save $200 per kid@mypatriotsupply.com. The price will never be this low. Again, free shipping included my patriot supply.com. Thank you. My Patriot Supply.


Alright, fellas, folks, no bullshit. Let's get this right outta the way. I got another explosive tip this morning from a trusted whistleblower. I'm sure it'll be reported two weeks later by the mainstream media. As I keep saying media folks, get your pens out. Then you can report it as your own story. I really don't care. I just wish you'd be more timely. Folks, I'm getting from a trusted source that the Secret Service Counter sniper teams that are supposed to go out to a site that a protectee is visiting a week, maybe two weeks out, depending on the complexity of the site and do in advance security advance.


None of this is hard. I don't, none of this is classified information. They go there and say, we got a high point over there. High point over there. I mean, at a minimum, you should be there four or five days in advance to go look around, do your meetings with the local police. I got from a source this morning that the Secret Service Counter Sniper teams for the Butler, Pennsylvania assassination attempt and murder of Cory Comparator, that they were only approved the day before. Let that, just let that settle in for a minute.


Outdoor site, thousands of people, open air, line of sight issues everywhere, water towers, buildings, line of sight issues all over the place. Unsecured field, unsecured ground outside of your perimeter and the counter sniper team to mitigate a long range threat was apparently only approved the day before. Now, I had a very, very nice conversation with some people who are very interested in getting to the bottom of this, and by the way, I wanna applaud a number of people up on the hill who have been been looking into this deeply.


but I gotta tell you a guy who has impressed me with his follow up because listen, the fact is a fact is Senator Johnson, man, we did that show on Friday within Ladies and gentlemen. Justin, am I, I messing with him within minutes on the phone. Tell me what happened, where we went wrong. I was very impressed. Thank you. Has assured me he's gonna look into this. There is going to be some email trail of when that Counter Sniper team was authorized to discharge that Butler County event. Ladies and gentlemen, if it was the day before And, they had no opportunity whatsoever to advance the site.


It'll explain everything, including this video here that has been blowing up the internet and aired on a B, C this week. Let me explain what this is. This is the Beaver County Emergency Services team. Essentially their SWAT team, they did an interview this weekend on a B, C. There's been lighting the freaking internet on fire saying something so unbelievable that people can't believe this actually happened. That they never had communications with the Secret Service and the SOD Special Operations Team, CS Kat, any of it, and that they barely met them on game day alone. Now, does the story make sense?


The same headquarters guy that's the acting director right now was the deputy director when this decision was made. How did this guy get a promotion? Ron Rowe, he's gonna be up on Capitol Hill tomorrow. Senator Johnson, everyone else, I appreciate your interest in this. Add this to your questions. When was the CS Secret Service Counter Sniper team authorized to be at that site? They'll remind them they're under oath and tell them they better produce some evidence, not an opinion. Well, we kind of, so no, no, no. Show me the emails. When were they approved because that would explain this devastating panel on A, B, C.


Listen to these guys. And I applaud their honesty. Blow the whistle man, or this is gonna happen again. Check this out. We were supposed to get a face-to-face briefing with the Secret Service snipers whenever they arrived, and that never happened, so I think that that was probably a pivotal point where I started thinking things were wrong because that never happened and we had no communication with the Secret Service. You had no communication with the Secret Service at all on that Saturday, Not until after the shooting, And by then it Was too late. Ab absolutely unforgivable, unforgivable. You had no communication with the Secret Service until after Donald Trump got shot in the head and Corey comparator got killed.


By the way, two other people weren shot too, who were struggling a bit. This isn't like nothing happened. That's a murder scene. A man was murdered and one came within a millimeter of losing his head on live television. I'm hearing again from a unimpeachable source on this that that may have been the case that that CS team wasn't dispatched until the day before. Explains everything. Explains everything. The amount and, and by the way, by ex, I hope you understand, explains means like this was malfeasance.


This wasn't like a mistake. They did this on purpose like they intentionally knew they had. They, because this is what you do. Your Secret Service agents, you are looking at a site going line of sight issue. They And, they did nothing about it until the day before, which left no time for them to do anything, including even a basic advance where they communicate with the local SWAT team. This is Misfeasance malfeasance, excuse me, not Misfeasance. This was intentional. You better have a damn good excuse. Now, I broke another piece of news on Friday that has been confirmed by an independent source to another actual journalist I trust you may know who she is.


I told you on Friday that it has been pretty standard secret service policy, not written, but de facto policy to not give the DTD Donald Trump detail. That's what it's called, the DTD, the protective Detail to not give DTD Counter Sniper assets unless it was a drivable site from Washington DC Folks, do you understand? Again, what a bombshell that is, that Donald Trump detail, security decisions were not being made because of security needs or line of sight, but how far the driving distance was from Washington dc Holy shit, man. Hire a private security company then they could have done it better than this.


I've got security guys. I I, I just went to the RNC, my security guy, super nice guy. You know where he lives. Los Angle is lives in Los Angeles. He didn't say to me, ah, I don't know, Dan, you met him Avita, right? Pretty nice guy. He didn't go, ah, it's in Wisconsin. It's too far for me. Holy Moses, man, fuck. Hire a freaking private security team, mainstream media, get your pens out again, I know you're two weeks behind. Try to catch up. CS teams were not being deployed. This would've happened sooner. It's just an accident that Trump wasn't shot by a sniper sooner.


It's just an accident of luck. That's it. They were using local assets and by the way, these local assets no CS team could have done in advance because if you weren't within driving distance, no CS teams were going no counters. Sniper teams were going, this is shocking. Their highest profile, protectee higher threat than Biden. Biden doesn't travel barely. I, there's no crowds there. There's no question Donald Trump's a higher threat level than Biden. No serious security agent's gonna tell you otherwise that their highest profile, most threatened Protectee. You had no counter sniper security plan if it was outside of driving distance in dc You were just relying on locals who were Patriots and wonderful, not an attack on them at all, but it's a different mission than ours.


Not the same communications, not the same training facial id. The advanced work is different. Here's another one. I'm sorry to keep saying this, man. I'm not trying to sound like an asshole. I just wish the media would catch up folks. I told you two weeks ago, go back and listen to the show that there are text records texts upwards of an hour plus out showing that locals at the site knew there was a threat at the site. And. they walked Donald Trump onto the ex anyway. They walked him out to the podium. I told you that.


Now this story emerges in Politico, not a friend of ours, by the way. Assassination attempt fallout, new text message. They're not new. I told you about 'em two freaking weeks ago. New text messages show that security officers at the rally identified and talked about Thomas Crooks, the assassin more than an hour and a half before he shot the president. The earlier that's earlier than we was previously known to be fingered by law enforcement. No, it isn't. Go back and listen to my show from two weeks ago. Politico noticing crooks outside the venue. One counter sniper relayed his observation and the other security officers texted about the kid with the Rangefinder.


Folks, this story gets more and more troubling by the day. And I have to tell you, I'm an evidence focused guy and it will stay that way. Always. I'm guided by evidence, but I've gotta tell you, man, this sounds more and more sinister by the day. And. I am open to any explanation as long as I can back it up. Don't think I precluded anything. I just don't jump to conclusions without evidence. I don't juicy small a anything, but I'm telling you there's something sinister going on here. This doesn't make any sense. Here are the actual texts. Look at the time. This is the last one.


First five 30, remember he's walked out on the stage a little bit after six o'clock. This is probably a spell check thing, an autocorrect. They have pictures of the actual kid and look at the text from the, from the local snipers, not the Secret service ones. Kid learning around the beast. He's probably trying to say lurking kid, lurking around the building. We're in the A GR building, I believe it is. I did see him with a range finder looking towards the stage. Keep this up. What the hell else do you need to hear? How did the Secret Service not know this? And look the local guys, thank you to the local guys. Read the next line.


This is their text. The local guys, remember by local, I mean not Secret Service, law enforcement. If you wanna notify Secret Service snipers to look out, I lost sight of him. Also a bike with a backpack sitting next to it in the rear of the building that was not seen earlier. Call into the command post and have a uniform. Check it out. What the hell else could you possibly wanna hear? The local guys are telling you, there's a suspicious dude with a rangefinder and a backpack surreptitiously hiding himself. Reach out to the command post Secret Service guys and saying, what else could you possibly wanna hear? It gets worse.


They started texting about this kid at 4 26. Trump doesn't walk out on the stage till after six. Look at this one. Someone followed our lead and snuck in and parked by our cars. Just so You know. I'm just letting You know because you see me go out with my rifle and put it in the car so he knows you guys are up there. He's sitting in the direct, right in a picnic table about 50 yards from the exit guy responds back, Roger that to my secret service friends who worked their asses off their entire life and never let a security failure happen on their watch like that and who have been blowing the whistle to me.


Thank you. I'm forever grateful and I've worked with guys like you to the ones out there, again, still defending this abomination And. you know who you are putting up posts about how this is You know, oh, I would've made the same decision. Just stop. Just absolutely stop there you are on the wrong side of history and you are providing cover for some really, really bad people. Folks, they knew about this at 4 26 over an hour and a half, as I told you, two freaking weeks ago before Donald Trump walks out on the stage.


Listen to me. Now, as I'm telling you, as an expert in this matter, I ain't an expert a lot, but I know this. There are only two possible scenarios here. Either one involves such awful decision making. People should resign or be fired immediately. There is no excuse for this. You cannot fail like this and be allowed to do it again. You simply cannot. Number one, there is a local radio in the command post at every site that Butler County, Pennsylvania site had a command post. Every site does. That's why you see the police officer texting the, the, the local police officer texting notify the command post.


That's what he's talking about. There is a CP command post at every site. They have radios from every entity at the site there. What? Who was number one again? Members of Congress. Get your pens out. Who was the agent in the cp? How does that person have a job? If scenario number one that that information never got to the rest of the secret service agents at the site. How does that, how are they still working? How or, or there's an alternate scenario because we don't have the comms yet, so I'm gonna give you both sides.


Let's say that agent in the command post did in fact relay that information to the working shift and the post standers at the Donald Trump Butler site. Then question number two in scenario number two is then why the hell was Donald Trump walked on the stage if everybody knew there was a threat with, with a backpack and a rangefinder who nobody could locate. Either they knew and walked them out on stage anyway or they didn't know and the agent in the CP who didn't let them know should be fired. Folks, am I crazy? Am I, am I nuts? Here is this, is this, I'm gonna tell you something.


Take a quick break here. You know I had to pass the weekend up there. There's no time for them. Sorry. And I know Monday. I'll get back to another time. It's too important. Plus the frivolity and nonsense. I don't wanna waste any of your time. I am increasingly worried about President Trump's safety right now because the people, people in charge of the Secret Service at the top right now are the exact same people who made the decisions that led to this debacle and people got promoted out of it. I have not seen a single significant job action from this. It's a murder scene, man. and by the way, some of these people who are struggling, God bless them, And, I, hear, they're gonna make the two others that are struggling.


If they don't, it's a multiple murder scene. Donald Trump was shot in the face no matter what. Christopher Ray, a ridiculous joke of an FBI director tells you there a question. No, there's no question moron. The only question is why you're still the FBI director. I'll take a break. I'm gonna show you what I mean because Donald Trump is being Donald Trump. He's just going out saying, Hey man, I'm not gonna let this stop me. Guys's got cajones man of Steel. I'll show you what I mean coming up. Quick break, folks.


It's been a whirlwind the past few weeks. Been traveling for July 4th out in the mountains and spending the last week in Milwaukee. I'm really grateful to come home and have some homecooked food. you know my choice for protein folks, Omaha steaks You know why it tastes good. It's delicious and the choices are endless. They're butcher cut. Top sirloins are guaranteed to be a great meal in the comfort of my own home, and you can still take advantage of their hotter than file fire sale@omahasteaks.com. Get their gourmet packages starting at just $99. I can't say enough about the food. Been a huge fan of Omaha steaks for a very long time, way before, way before they were a sponsor of this show. Use my code Bonino, B-O-N-G-I-N-O to get an extra $10 off. Here's what's in the package. Some of my favorites butcher's cut top Sirloins, Omaha steaks, burgers. You can't beat them. Jumbo francs and more You know, I always say Omaha steaks are the best steaks you'll ever have in your life. I mean, it's the world's best beef. It's incredible. Not only is the quality what I look for in my protein, but every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. Use code bonino to get an extra $10 off now and experience what I'm talking about. That's code Bonino, B-O-N-G-I-N-O for an extra $10 off today. See what I mean? Thanks Omaha. Steaks, food's amazing. Check him out folks.


Alright, back to the show folks. I am really worried about President Trump's safety first. Throw the New York Post article up if you would, folks, this guy has, I mean like moose balls, man, like freaking titanium, like eight ball pool Q like Nads. I've never seen anything like it. Trump promises more outdoor rallies despite secret service warning about assassination attempt not only more outdoor rallies. Trump's going back to Butler County PA. I agree. A vita says awesome bad that, and by the way, and that is badass, so is a vita's show, by the way.


Thank you. The groins Bonino army. By the way, you got a new shirt up U usa. Again, proceeds go to charity. I just wanna do something patriotic around July 4th. I know it's a little late, but it's up at store. Do bonino.com, but if you want one, whatever, just You know it's a new shirt out. but I, thank you for supporting a Vita's show. Absolutely blowing up. It's the hottest new podcast out there. Lemme tell you something. I knew she was talented, but she has even surpassed my incredibly lofty expectations. But that is, she's a hundred percent correct. This guy has brass ones. He's going right back out there. He knows, oh, we haven't this folks that. Here it is. We have a live example of Donald Trump's ads right here on the table. We have a sample.


They've been kind enough to send one over. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, you're gonna have to watch that way. You get the joke. Thank you, Michael. Folks. He's going right back out there again. The guy got shot in the head two weeks ago and there are people out there, and by the way, folks, I'm telling you right now, I'm not letting this story go There are people trying to make this story go away. I'm gonna get to that in a minute. Some of You know what I'm talking about, skal and all this other stuff. I'm not letting this story go. Forget it. It's not happening. I'm not letting this story go under any circumstances. The guy was shot in the head two weeks ago. He's right back out there again. Let me tell you why I am worried.


I took a few notes for you as a former insider. There we have a problem. Now, this is the first time in a very long time that a sitting United States president that has the PPD, presidential Protection Division, presidential Protective Division, right, has not run for reelection. Why is that a problem? Well, because folks, when the sitting president You know George W. Bush, Barack Obama, bill Clinton, when they run for reelection, you can rest assured that of the two major parties, Republican and Democrat, that are gonna get a secret service detail during a presidential election, that one is just gonna be the same detail they had before because it's the president.


That didn't happen. Biden dropped out. So now we have an unprecedented five. Fully staffed details. Five, this is a lot. Who are the five? Trump Vance, Kamala. We have Joe, Biden, and VP soon to be announced. I, don Dunno who it's gonna be, Shapiro, whatever, Tim Walt. That's five. Soon to be Democrat, VP nominee, Joe, Biden, Kamala Harris, presumptive Democrat, nominee, Trump and Vance.


These are five fully staffed details folks. The secret service is in the middle of a massive, obviously leadership crisis. The same people who led to the bad decisions are in charge. Now they're in a morale crisis because a lot of the decent agents that have been blowing the whistle for me, good guys and Patriots who had nothing to do with this failure are like, Hey, I never did a site advance like that. These guys are like, I can't even walk my kid to the bus stop without someone trashing me in my job. I didn't do it. You got morale issues. You've got CS teams, counter sniper teams that are now at a premium. Folks, you understand this isn't a, this isn't like a loose leaf paper company where if there's like a loose leaf paper shortage, they can just ramp on production and cut down a few more trees to get secret service train counter snipers out there.


You are talking about a year of training. Be generous. Six months, the election's over in six months. What do you think they're gonna do? Just pull these CS teams outta their asses. You have five fully staffed details. We've never seen anything like this. John's Asking about RFK Too. Well, RF K's another one, but I, I shouldn't say RFKs Detail will be a little more, it's kind of a medium threat level for them, but you're right, it's actually six. But I'm talking about when I said fully staffed, RFKs got kind of a medium threat footprint for them. I'm not saying I'm just, I'm trying to give you the inside take on that. The major nominees, parties are always gonna get a bigger footprint.


They just are, right? So you have five fully enormously staffed details. And, they don't have the bodies, they don't have the time. Folks, where are the magnetometers gonna come from? Oh, they can just buy new magnetometers. Okay, who's gonna staff 'em? The uniform division. It takes a year to train a uniform division guy and get 'em through training. They don't have the people. You see why I am worried about this guy? He's gonna go out there because he's got balls. He's gonna go out there. Donald Trump and campaign, and by the way, I'm worried about the other ones too.


Vance, Biden, Kamala, I don't want anything to happen to these people. I don't this. That's not how we do our business here. God forbid, I'm not sure the Secret service under this management is up there with folks. They've spent the last year hiding the January 6th text, covering up the cocaine scandal, engaged in a massive 30, 30 30 DEI push to hire a bunch of people based on ridiculous characteristics unrelated to merit, and you wanna stick Donald Trump out in an open field. Again, I, I'm sorry, man, I'm not, you're expecting me to go, eh, it's gonna be ao okay. Rah rah. I, nah, I respect Trump for having the balls to do it, but no, no.


Now, Senator Johnson, by the way, assured me that he's gonna address this CS issue at the upcoming Secret Service hearing tomorrow. Twit, he covered this, the story we broke on Friday about CS teams not being properly allocated to the Donald Trump detail based on freaking driving distances. Senator Ron Johnson, I'm, I'm very, I proud. I gotta tell you, very responsive. I can only go on what these guys do, not what they say. And man, they followed up within seconds of me getting, I mean within seconds of me getting off the air. Tell me what we need to know. Where do we go wrong folks? We got a big problem with the Secret Service right now.


They are. Nothing has changed. I want you to understand that. Even my wife was like, no, after this, surely they changed stuff. No, everything is gonna be cosmetic. The training hasn't changed. I, I heard, I heard they moved the Air security branch to TSD, the technical security division. That may help a little bit in the short term. They're still doing the DEI crap. The PT standards, physical fitness standards are still the same. And you've still got people surrounding Donald Trump who aren't as big as Donald Trump. Would you, let me ask you something. If you were to say use, they have these suitcases that unfold. They look like suitcases, briefcases, I should say the French have 'em, they unfold And, they Kevlar, right?


Would you put a Kevlar shield in front of Donald Trump that only reached up to his neck? Of course not. He's gonna get shot in the head. So why would you put people in front of Donald Trump, who's a big guy who aren't as big as Donald Trump in case the bullets fly? The answer is 'cause you give a shit about DEI stuff and not about people's actual security. None of that's changed. Nobody's, I I don't think anybody's been fired. Kim Cheadle was offered the opportunity to to resign. Nothing's changed. You wanna stick the guy out in the field again, Donald Trump, I don't know, brothers and sisters, I'm afraid something darker is going on here too and a little more sinister. I can only be guided by evidence.


I don't want to spin you into conjecture, conjecture, And. you know a lot of people want me to say things, folks, this is my show, man. I can say what I can prove, and I'm gonna tell you something right now. There is series of simply unexplainable decisions and follow up decisions afterwards that are starting to make me and other people believe that something darker's going on. I was your guy on Spygate, right? You know why I never got out ahead of that. I was always guided by the facts and in the end I was vindicated. I was always guided by the facts here too.


I told you back in August of last year, Donald Trump was likely gonna get hurt or killed. I was basing it on insider whistleblower tips and then it happened. But there's something sinister going on here. I'll tell you what I mean. I'm gonna take a quick break and this is based on some actual evidence afterwards. Something is definitely up here. Quick break here folks.


In today's economic environment, the stress of providing for a family and yourself can sometimes be overwhelming. Putting everyday expenses on credit cards, it only elevates the stress You know why. You have to find out. You have to get a way out of this never ending cycle of debt. I have an answer for you. I've been with us a long time. Call my friends at American Financing. They're helping people just like you turn things around by using the equity in your homes to pay off that high interest debt. They understand what you're going through. They talk to people in your position every day. American Financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month. 800 a month is like a $10,000 raise at work. And, they closing Summit as little as 10 days. If you start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. There is no better time than now to turn your situation around. Call today, (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or you can check 'em out online at American Financing dot net.net. American Financing dot net, NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org.


Get right back to this show.


Our last spot for today, folks. Beams Dream Powder. Listen. Yeah, I'm outta trouble. Staying asleep, getting to sleep, it's a big problem. Poor sleep takes an awful toll on your body. Not only are you tired the next day, physiologically, emotionally takes a really tough toll on you. There's hope on the horizon though. It comes in the form of Beam's Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder, their science back, taco cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of rei, magnesium, altheine, apogen, and and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. If you wanna try beam's, bestselling dream powder beams and offering bond genome listeners and exclusive discount, get up to 45%. Offer a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout for up to 45% off. Thank you Beam. Get some sleep tonight with Beam. Appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show. Here's what I mean, folks, that I am, I'm afraid something more sinister going on. This is how it started with with Spygate, where I've been very candid with you about my history with that. I was initially very skeptical of some of the reports coming out. I thought to myself, gosh, there seems to be so many, so many ways to get caught. And I said, ah. And then I got a contact that reached out to me and provided me some evidence and it changed everything. And matter of fact, it's what led to my first book on it, Spygate, which I wrote and then I used, I documented a bunch of liberal sources. I'm gonna be guided by evidence here, but folks, this seems awfully strange. Look at this New York Post piece. This is odd.


The FBI confirms Trump was hit by would be assassin. Thomas Crook's bullet after the FBI director shrapnel suggestion. Are you telling me with a straight face that the FBI director Chris Ray, testified under oath in committee that he was unsure if President Trump was shot in the head. Folks, you understand that there's only, again, I I like to think of things simply using Occam's razor. Keep it simple, stupid. There were only two explanations for this. Either our FBI director is a clinical level buil who didn't even think to look at the data in front of him.


There's a bullet whizzing by in a picture, hits him in the ear, his ear is bleeding. I mean, there was an actual medical report by by Ronnie Jackson indicating that, that he didn't know that or Christopher Ray did know that and had a reason to hide this story and make it out like, oh, You know what Donald Trump's no real hero getting shot in the head and screaming fight. He was in fact hit with shrapnel as if it was some grenade that was launched on stage or something. Why would the FBI management have to correct their own director? I'm gonna throw something out there to you now, and when I'm speculating, I'll tell you it's the fair thing to do, but I've got on some good authority here that there's this schism now developing in the FBI.


You have this corrupt cabal at the top that will do anything to stop Donald Trump from getting elected. Apparently there's some others in there who may not like Trump, and again, I'm telling you what's been passed to me by others. You do what you want with it. I'm a conduit for information. That is all I am in this, that there's a group of people in there who don't really like Trump, but realize that the FBI has lost every single shred of credibility And. they are in turn kind of leaking out to the media, this stuff and correcting these people in public because they realize that nobody trusts the FBI anymore.


Just pass it it on you do what you want with it. But if this is going on in our FBI that there's these internal wars to dictate what narratives are to interfere in in an election. Again, folks, I I, what is it? Sesame Street man, grow up, man, really? You had to confirm Trump was shot. Are you kidding me? Did you not see the blood running down? What? What do you think that was? Maple syrup. Here's another reason I think something a little more sinister going on. So first you got the FBI putting out fake stories in front of Congress. Oh, he may have been hit by shrapnel. Why would they do that?


There's no way Christopher Ray, is that stupid? There was some agenda here and or maybe he is that stupid. Who the hell knows? Here's another one. Why was Ron Rowe, the deputy director who I'm telling you is knee deep in this entire scandal, not allocating counter sniper assets, stopping some protection enhancements from happening to the DTD, the Donald Trump detail. Why was he so quickly elevated to acting director and where all the people on the Donald Trump detail and others who know about Ron Rowe, why aren't they speaking out publicly? I can't say this enough. You guys have an obligation to history to start to tell the truth.


And I, know what you're thinking. Oh, behind the scenes, I'm doing what I can do. You're not doing anything. You're getting shit rolled. The guy who effed you over is now the acting director and is still your boss. You have information. Go talk to Congress. Go talk to senators. Don't tell me you are, because I'm talking to people up there who are telling me that the people, there's just been radio silence. What are you waiting for? My gosh, man, grow a pair of balls. It's just sickening stuff. Why was RO named so quickly? Is the acting is it to clean this mess up?


Here's what I'm worried about. You know I'm concerned evidence or emails could start getting deleted. Oh, where would you get that crazy idea from? Gee, don, don't know. The January 6th texts and emails that seem to have disappeared. Don't tell me there's no evidence that that's happened before because it's happened before. Remember, I wish I pulled up the clip. Kim Cheadle, remember Kim Cheadle in that CBS interview when I asked her about the January 6th text? Ah, we were doing a a device migration on January 6th. Are you insane? No one believes that.


Folks, I'm worried that stuff is getting deleted right now. Why was Roe, the cleanup guy names the acting so quickly and why is Christopher Ray so eager to change the narrative and make this go away? Well, Donald Trump wasn't really shot. Not only that, why is big tech and Google making it so hard to get information about the attempted assassination of Donald Trump? Did you see this? This is at the right, Melissa on Twitter on X. This is a screen grab of her. If you watch it on, listen on Apple and Spotify. Check this out on Rumble. I'll explain it, but I, I'd rather you see it. Look at this.


It will not fill in auto fill in attempted assassination of Donald Trump, no matter how many characters she types in attempted assassination of tea or what else you gotta put in there. There are effective, what's that? This is live. Do it. It's still, it still, it's still bad except that assassination of Truman. This. Now, to give you all sides of this, Google responded this morning. I'm just telling you what they're saying. Hold your laughter to the end. Google is saying, in our attempts to mitigate political violence, we don't do the kind of autofill feature. Really put in attempted assassination of almost anyone else, and it comes up.


I'm giving you all sides, Now, you can laugh. Tell me something sinister isn't happening here. Now you've got big tech trying to make the story go away. Christopher Ray, trying to make the story lesser of a story. You've got the mop up artist now appointed acting director, the Secret Service. You got the secret service director that still can't tell us where the January six, six texts and emails are. You got the same guy who knows about it and you're telling me we shouldn't be concerned about this stuff. Then you got artificial intelligence out there desperate to make the Trump story go away too. Now, the AI companies are saying, oh, it's not our fault.


The data aggregation only began preoc October, 2023. It's, there's always an excuse, folks. Here's Billboard. Chris, who by the way, I met at the RNC super nice guy. He says, meta his Facebook, their AI says the Trump assassination is a fictional event. He asked a question, why is there rich and structured information about the Kamala Harris campaign, but not about the Trump assassination attempt? And he respond back. It's a fictional attempt. Look, folks, what have I told you about AI and the Democrats? The Democrats are afraid of ai, not because it's gonna lie to you.


They're afraid of AI because it's gonna tell you the truth. Folks, there is something really, really, really dark going on here. Now, tomorrow, please tune in the acting director of the Secret Service, Ron Rowe, who's I'm telling you is the mop up guy is going to be testifying in front of Congress. I want some questions out there. Was there any communications on encrypted apps? You're under oath, guys, about any, any operational work whatsoever by anyone in secret service management outside of government emails. Why was Donald Trump walked out onto the X in the line of sight with an open threat?


Did the CP command post passed that traffic to the detail? If they did, why did the detail walk 'em out on stage if the CP command post did not pass that information from the detail? Does that person, man or woman, still have a job? And why? What did they do to mitigate the line of sight issues? What's the policy about counter sniper assets outside of driving distance from dc? I wanna know and ask very specifically, how many Donald Trump events Ron Row, you better be prepared. Come there tomorrow and you better know how many Donald Trump detail events had CS U-S-S-U-S-S-S, secret Service counters, pathy detail officers, and how many didn't and why were there line of sight issues there too?


How'd you mitigate them? Why did we not show up to the briefing that morning? Was it because the CS team at Butler County PA was only authorized the Counter Sniper team the day before? Where's the counter surveillance vulnerability assessment? You guys writing this down in Congress? There's a unit called CSU Counter-Surveillance Unit. Was there a vulnerability assessment done? They do it at every site. Why didn't they do it at this one? Did they? Is it there to be on paper and email? Did that vulnerability assessment pick up this line of sight issue from this building 140 yards away? If it did, why didn't you do anything about it? Was there supposed to be a local CS team up there? If there was, why weren't they? They're saying they weren't supposed to be up there.


Other people are telling me it's 'cause of this heat thing. I don't know what's true, but you should ask all outstanding questions, man. There's something sinister here, folks. All right. I wanna move on to a couple other things too, because this is an important news day. There's a lot going on, folks. Desperation. Time is kicking in now. you know, I need everybody to listen to me for a minute here. This is the most important election of our lifetime. I know you've heard that before. Scrap everything you've heard before. That's a fact.


Sunday I had to take it. Easy, long story, but no one feeling that great And I was. I was sitting on the couch and feel good today, so I was sitting on the couch, And I, decided to give a watch to Hill Billy Elegy. It's JD Vance's autobiography, our new vice presidential nominee for the Trump ticket. I like JD Vance. And I have for a long time. You're free to support whoever you like. I love JD Vance. I like 'em a lot. Don't agree with 'em on everything, but Don don't have to. I need decent people in charge, and if I'm with you, 80%, the other 20 we can negotiate on. Okay? I know this guy to be a decent guy.


Have you seen Hillbilly Elegy folks in the chat? Anyone, if you haven't seen it or read the book, you can knock JD Vance for whatever you like. Policy-wise, this guy's backstory. Haven't dealt with a family member with addiction. I recently lost. I was having a tough time with the Kleenex, if You. know what I mean? And. I gotta tell you, I don't really care if it sounds like I gotta turn in my man card. I was having a tough time with the movie. It's an amazing movie about his backstory, but it really impacted me deep. This guy has a resume like we've never seen before.


United States marine entrepreneur, lawyer, United States senator from Ohio, and he's only 39. What he dealt with in his past is unbelievable. Why am I saying that now? don don't need to sell him. He's the nominee, the attacks by the establishment, right on JD Vance, right? Well, we expect this from the left are freaking disgusting. Guys. Make me sick. I have an expression. I say a lot on the show, haven't said in a while, but You know it's true. It's one of my golden rules. It's that most Republicans on Capitol Hill are really Democrats, but no Democrats are really Republicans watch how the right wing media handles Kamala Harris versus how the left wing media handles JD Vance.


The fact that establishment Republicans out there are attacking JD Vance, that he's, he's weird. He's weird. Weird United States Marine capitalist made, I mean, I'm, I'm really hurt by the whole I He's weird. You got a woman on the other side, a cackling lunatic who you say anything about her. That's true. By the way, borders are whatsoever.


You've got establishment conservatives zone. Don't say that. Don't say that. Don't say that even though it's true. And then they lie about JD Vance and it's the weirdest thing. Like you got establishment concerns like, oh, maybe Trump made the wrong choice the wrong, are you insane? Grow a pair of mother fucking balls. You've got the best candidate you've seen in eons in the VP spot, and you're shitting on this guy because a bunch of crazily cackling Kamala supporters, you want their support. 'cause you think you're, you wanna look like the reasonable guy and you're shitting on this guy despite everything he's done for this country.


Hey, you have that JD clip at the, I know we were gonna play another one next, but the clip at the, yeah, yeah, that one on the screen. Listen to me. I want you to listen to this and I'm asking to you out there who were the diehards? I love you. This is not directed at you. You can turn the show off. Well, don't, but you could to the establishment shitheads attacking this guy. You're dead to me, man. You're dead to me. This is a good and decent guy and you're ripping this guy apart over nothing. Kamala Harris, of course, loser, who's done nothing for this country in case and absent destroying it, she attacked him for his patriotism.


JD Vance really is Kamala in the Marine Corps in Iraq. I'm not, I don't see that. Here was JD Vance responding. This is the guy and this is the guy we're going to battle with on that ticket. You get on the train or get run over by it. Don't fall into this leftist messaging trap. Take a look. I saw the other day Kamala Harris question my loyalty to this country. That's the word she used. Loyalty, and it's an interesting word, simplify, loyalty because there is no greater sign of this loyalty to this country than what Kamala Harris has done at our southern border. And. I'd like to ask the vice president, what has she done to question my loyalty to this country?


I served in the United States Marine Corps. I went to Iraq for this country. I built a business for this country and my running mate took a bullet for this country. So my question to Kamala Harris is, what the hell have you done to question our loyalty to the United States of America? Amen, brother.


Folks, I get it, man. I get it. I understand what, you're never going to get a nominee at the top or in the VP spot you're gonna agree with on everything. I understand it may shock you that I say I have been a Trump supporter and a die hard for, gosh, what, eight years, six years now. I don don't know. I mean, everybody was abandoning him for other candidates, not this show. Go back and look, track record speaks for itself may surprise you. I don't agree with Donald Trump on everything. I don't, but I agree with him on a lot of things. don don't agree with JD on everything too.


Not a huge fan of Lena Kahn at the ftc, but this guy is a patriot man and all, all of the right, and by right I mean wrong. People hate JD Vance And. I'm telling you, establishment hacks out there trying to dismantle this guy, you're dead to me. Don't ask to come on my show. You have. I want nothing to do with you at all. You're as bad as Democrats. You've got the worst candidate we have ever seen without a brain disorder in Kamala Harris, and you wasted the entire weekend on some ridiculous comment about a cat from years ago that has nothing to do with anything.


The country is on the brink of collapse economically. Our military being hijacked by DEI lunatics. We've got our infrastructure falling apart. You've got this guy with the most amazing backstory spent time in our military, and by the way, he rarely brags about it or talks about it, but it's a biographical fact and we're shitting on this guy all weekend and you got establishment GOP shit stains out there going, oh man, I don't know. Maybe we should swap out the ticket. Really? For who? Who do you want back? Jeb Bush. I am so sick of these people.


You have absolutely ruined our party. You ruined it. This is what we should be focusing on. You wanna see this media mashup of the the Democrats? You don't see them attacking Kamala Harris anymore, do you? But they did, but they did. I'm gonna show you this media mashup in a second where they told you how awful Kamala Harris was because they wanted another candidate. Here's the difference between the left and the establishment, right? Not you, but the establishment, right? They're not phonies. They're not. No, no, they're commies. They're not fake about it. They're straight up communists that there's nothing fake about that.


They are actual communists who are like, yeah, I said, Kamala sucks a month ago, but now that she's my only path to power now she's awesome. That's not fake. They're not fake at all. Our establishment guys are fake. don don't like JD Van. They don't even know JD Vance. They're just pissed off. Their guy didn't get picked. This is what we're running against. But notice how quickly they change their minds and back their guy while we're selling out ours. Check this out. There are Reports that say that you have the lowest approval rating of any vice president. Well, there are polls that also say, I have great approval ratings. Swing voters don't like Harris. How beg a drag is Kamala Harris on the ticket?


She's a Pretty big drag. I think he was arguably Biden's worst political decision. They don't like her. There's lots of reasons they don't like Her. Kamala Harris' approval rating is now at 28%, which is an historic low for any modern vice president. We're hearing to get from main mainstream media a one outlet after another, one league after another. The Kamala Harris is the worst vice president ever. The worst politician ever. We Don't see the vice president. What? What people are saying to me, and I'm sure they're saying it to you, where's the vice president? Some might ask officials feeling that, that she came off looking unprepared for inevitable questions about when she might visit the southern border. We've Been to the border. You haven't been to the border.


I And, I haven't been to Europe. And, I mean don don't. I don't understand the point that you're making. The point that Lester Holt was making was, was obvious to anyone else who was watching this interview, which is that the issues at the border are inextricably linked with the portfolio that she's been given. Notice this will all be memory hold. Why? Because the establishment left is not phony or fake like the establishment, right? They're not the establishment, right? Pretends to be conservative lovers of liberty and prosperity and on our team and the minute they can sell us out by attacking a guy like JD Vance, they do that because they want to look like the reasonable sane ones to the people that hate them at the Washington Post.


The left's not fake at all. The left are like we are straight up commies. We will do anything to maintain power. Matter of fact, I'm gonna show you, we'll do anything. We told you Kamala sucks when we wanted her out for a better candidate. Now that we don't have a better candidate and we're stuck with the worst candidate, Kamala Harris, we're gonna do a bunch of puff pieces telling you how wonderful Kamala Harris is. Avita just said it right With enemies like that. You know. I mean with friends like who? These's enemies, right? I mean this. These people don't care. They, they are in this to win. Our guys are in this fighting some foe moral hierarchy. Well, look at me. Call out JD Vange made a comment about a cat.


This is why I am telling you, man, you better vote like you're freaking 10 points behind. I am not kidding because some of these people are gonna sabotage us. The deep state is up to something right now. There's something sinister going on. We are only minutes away from another October. Surprise. You better vote and bring 10 people. This is our new, here's our hand signal. This. This doesn't mean I give up. It means 10, 10 people. If you're not bringing 10 people, you're not doing it right. Alright, folks, I got both. Got the radio show coming up. Please do me a favor.


Download the Rumble app. We have been blowing up. Make sure you follow a Vitas show, two Rumble dot com slash bonino report. I'm at Rumble dot com slash bonino. Please follow us on Apple and Spotify as well. We have been at Top 10 Show for now, two weeks straight on Spotify Top 10, top 20 on Apple. Really appreciate it. Click that follow button helps us tremendously. Thank you so much for your support. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes. I'm back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in. See you tomorrow. You just heard the damn bond Gino Show.