
It's stressful to know you don't have control over the election's outcome, but you could take control over helping to protect your savings by diversifying now into gold. From Birch Gold. Birch gold. My gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. In the past four years, inflation has seen increases of as much as 19%, and the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence. Text Dan to 9 8, 9 8 9 8. Get your free information kit on gold and trust Birch Gold as I do to help protect your savings message and data rates apply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Here's a couple things I want you to watch. I hope you're gonna spend election night with us here at Rumble. We'll be starting at 7:00 PM Eastern time. There won't be a day podcast that day. Obviously, there'll be a radio show, but we'll be in basically all night. Folks, if you see a state like say in New Jersey that Donald Trump's not gonna win, that, that'd be highly, highly, I I'm not telling you it's impossible, I'm just telling you I doubt it. But if you see a state like New Jersey and it looks like Donald Trump is only down about six and is five or six points, and then you see, say a Virginia where he's maybe winning or down one or two, and then you see Georgia called early, say Donald Trump is up five points.


And you, you might say, well, Dan, they, they're already saying they're gonna delay the voting count or whatever. Folks, they have exit polls. I've explained this for the last three days. Every media outlet on planet Earth will be sitting outside select poll locations in swing counties asking anyone they can get their hold of who leaves, who'd you vote for? Trust me. If it's a four five point win in Pennsylvania or Georgia, some media outlet's gonna call it early. If you see a Virginia close, a New Jersey, five or six points. If you, if, if you see a big Georgia win, if you see a huge Florida win, say Florida closes Florida, say he's up six seven in Florida. You see Michigan's looking tight folks, the race is going, they know it's gonna be over the Democrats, they know it.


They know there's not enough electoral college ground to be made up. Especially if in swing states and blue leaning states, Donald Trump is overperforming 2020 and 2016. There are a very, very accurate spreadsheets they can put together these media outlets where they'll generally have a good idea if it's a blowout, not if it's closed, that this is gonna be an early night. I'm telling you right now, Kamala Harris's team will absolutely not concede this thing. There is zero chance folks, they are gonna go to court and they are gonna try to steal this thing again. She's already planting the seeds. I'm gonna, folks, why are we the supermarket?


Why are we l super mercado? Because we bring receipts. What's receipts in Spanish? Sibos. Do you speak Spanish? I think it's receipts babes. Receipts, receipts. Listen to Kamala Harris already planting the seeds that they are not gonna concede this thing. Ladies and gentlemen, no matter what, Trump could win 49 states and they're gonna, they're gonna make up some bizarre reason. And here's what they're gonna say. Hey, Jim, flag this. Right? Flag's in the chat right now. Flags. Flags. I wanna see flags everywhere. Every single person flags in the chat. They're gonna say, we gotta count every vote.


We gotta count every vote. We gotta, no, you, you, you don't I mean you will count every vote. 'cause you have to count every vote. But counting every vote means nothing for the election outcome. If you need a hundred thousand votes to win and it's only 25,000 outstanding votes, yes, count them. Of course, everybody's voice should be heard, but it is no relation to the outcome whatsoever. More in a minute.


But first, you know, seeing my father last Christmas was so special. We were all gathered around the table, you know, sharing stories, talking about the past. But I couldn't help but notice they were struggling to keep up with the conversation. That's when I knew it was time. Millions of adults over 65 start to lose their hearing each year, and my father was one of them. so I decided to give them MD hearing aids. And let me tell you, they were a game changer. This year was completely different. He was engaged, laughing, and didn't miss a beat MD hearing. Really brought the family conversations back to life. This podcast is brought to you by MD hearing. They're FDA registered rechargeable, and you won't even know it's there. Fits right inside your ear. Plus MD hearing just launched their smallest model, yet the neo excess this holiday season get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners to the Dan Bongino Show. That's shop md hearing.com. Use promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Listen to Kamala Harris already watering the Chia Pet. They are. Did we break it already? Nice. Good. We wanted to break the chat. That was actually, we were gonna write, gee, at 1150, I'm sorry, but we're testing everything before election night. So Chris, remember wanted me to break the chat so you did it early. Good job. Alright, here we go. Listen to Kamala Harris watering the Chia Pet right now that they are not gonna concede this thing. Check this out. How, what do you expect on election day to get the results on the same night, maybe two days later, a week later? What are your expectations? Well, I hope to get the results that night, but that may or may not happen.


I, and last time it took, it took more than obviously one night. Folks, she's not saying this by accident, ladies and gentlemen, fascists, socialists and tyrants never slip up. Sometimes they say the quiet part out loud, but everything they say, they say on purpose. They may wish they can change the wording, but the fact that they said it is not an accident, they are planting the seed right here. The media floats, trial balloons for them and they wanna see what these trial balloons, what kind of feedback they're gonna get back from their own side. If their own side would do the right thing and say, Hey listen, we just criticized Republicans for being election deniers.


We're gonna look like hypocrites even though we had a legitimate case, if we just fabricate a case that the election was stolen. Do you think they care? The answer is no double barrel middle finger to you. They don't care. Here's the media trial balloon receipts in coming yet again. Kamala says it, oh look, all of a sudden in Axios this morning, a communist political playbook knockoff, right? Do you think this is an accident that the exact same message is in Axios this morning? I'm sure it's just a little bit of an accident. It is not Axios Post-election Zen.


They note it's likely the election winner won't be known the night of November 5th. Oh really? How do they know that? 'cause I'm telling you right now, if these polls are even close to accurate, oh we'll know November No Biden, November 5th they note, it may not even be clear the morning after or the day after here look at this. But that doesn't mean the eventual results were rigged, manipulated or wrong. Van der High and Allen right behind the curtain column. You see what they're getting at here? They're getting at the, leave this up. I'm gonna read the rest of it. This is super important. They're getting at, if Kamala Harris challenges this thing and says, Hey listen, there are still votes outstanding. And Republicans go, Hey man, this is, you're trying to rig this thing.


You're saying, you know, there are votes outstanding. There's only 25 outstanding votes, 25,000, she's down by a hundred thousand. It doesn't matter what's outstanding. You see what they're doing? No, no, no. Every vote's gotta be counted. They know why it matters. Sluggish vote counts could fuel distrust in the election. Spark protests and paralyzed governance. Both parties are preparing to challenge the ballots. You talk about raising the possibility of prolonged court fights. Yes, that is absolutely going to happen. Is there more to that? I think I could put in one more sentence on that. That's, I thought it was cut off. Sorry. Oh no it wasn't. That's all right. Money folks. They are going to litigate this thing to death. I'm telling you, if, if she loses 49 states, they are preparing right now, right now to steal this thing.


Now that, let me, I got the bad news outta the way. The good news is this, I don't even know if I should say the good news because I don't want to, this is an unlikely outcome, but I'd be remiss if I didn't put it out there. Folks, the media dislikes Kamala Harris so much. They do. They piled on her when she was vice president. It's not because they, they love her left wing ideology. They just think she's a terrible candidate. They don't like her the way we don't like Mitt Romney. I mean we're conservatives. Just because Mitt Romney ran as a Republican doesn't mean we like him. Correct? The media has the same problem. They're communists. It doesn't mean they like every communist, you get it.


They don't like Kamala the same way. We don't like Romney. We just think they suck. And they're just not good at getting our values across the finish line. They don't like Kamala. So the good news is this, if it is bad, the say the exit polling is brutal. Say we're up in Georgia, three, four points outstanding votes don't really matter. Say in Pennsylvania, it goes downhill quick. In Virginia, like I said, it's one two points in Jersey it's five, six, even like seven points closer than it should have been in a state that's gone blue. Like for Eon, since what? George HW Bush or something like that, right? The media may decide this isn't worth the fight.


And I'm not telling you it's because of don't pile on me in the chat. What are you saying the media's gonna do? No, I love you guys in the chat. I'm just saying they may realize it's a F of accompli and they may say to themselves, listen, we gotta move on and save the house and the Senate. We gotta get rid of this. She's just gonna embarrass the party and we're gonna wind up losing in court and it's gonna be even worse. Low probability that happens, but it's not zero. So folks, the problem they're having right now, and while everyone is getting ready to politically throw Kamala Harris overboard, they, the, the campaign is a total train wreck. They cannot answer a single question about what Kamala Harris actually stands for.


I'm gonna give you the, I usually do this in reverse. Kamala Harris did a CNN town hall last night, an abomination to humankind probably cost of a point nationally in the polls. I think it's gonna, it was so bad that even the lefties on CNN on CNN where it was hosted were like, this is bad news. I'm gonna play David Axelrod on this in a minute. The reason I'm playing axelrod is imagine when Axelrod talks. I know this from experience. This is Obama talking. This is Obama's puppet master. If Obama had a puppet master, it's this guy. He listens to this guy like no one else. When Axelrod talks, he doesn't say anything without Obama and them speaking li you know, with, with like, with like the borg with a hive mind.


Okay, here's Axelrod on Kamala Harris's performance last night on the town hall. She was supposed to pitch herself to America last night and she just reaffirmed the preexisting political narrative that she has no idea what she's talking about and speaks in word salad. Check this out. When She doesn't want to answer a question, her habit is to kind of go to World Word Salad City. And she did that on a couple of answers. One was on Israel Anderson asked a direct question, would you be stronger on Israel than Trump? And there was a seven minute answer, but none, none of it related to the question he was asking Folks. This is, she's trying to, she's trying to rescue her campaign.


But the problem is she doesn't have the toolkit to do it. You know, I I reiterate messages a lot on the show because I, when I was a, an instructor and you have to go to, they have these train the trainer things and usually they're lame. But one of them was tell people what you're gonna tell 'em. Tell 'em and then tell 'em what you told them. And one of the things I keep telling you is if you, you, you're never gonna understand campaigns if you don't understand the set of golden rules. I have, you know, snapshots and soundbites, contrast, you know, all those. But the other one is, if you are not the most effective weapon for your campaign and they are hiding the candidate, there is a 90% chance you're gonna lose. Not a hundred percent, 90% chance.


You always got the Eddie Murphy Distinguished Gentleman case, right? Where someone shows up and like runs on their dad's last name. Look at Bob Casey in Pennsylvania. Perfect example. A guy running for Senate who has never done a damn thing in his entire career running against an accomplished guy at Dave McCormick. Casey has never done shit. He's running on his dad's name once in a while. It works 90% of the time. It doesn't. You have to be the candidate. As the candidate, the best weapon. You have to be the one at fundraisers. Everybody should be paying to see you. No one wants to pay to see the chief of staff people go to a Donald Trump fundraiser. Imagine you pay, I don't know, $5,000 for a VIP ticket to a Donald Trump fundraiser.


And gee shows up. I mean I love, gee, I love Michael. They're great guys. But let's be honest, no one's paying $5,000 to see them or me. No. Do you wanna see Trump? Imagine why that Dan Bonino here. I'm sure to ban Gino Army. Be like, okay, cool, but I, I paid to see Trump, not him. I can watch him on the podcast. What's that? Talk about Star Wars. Who does? That's like he said. I'll tell you, if you wanna talk about Star Wars G's your guy, you wanted someone to do your math homework, ask Michael. He's a smart math major, but he, he's not running for president Kamala Harris Cannots herself, folks, nobody wants to see her. Nobody cares about her. Every time she opens her mouth, she says something stupid.


She, and the thing is, the political narratives surrounding her are all true. Here she is. Last night, given an answer in the CNN Town Hall, I'm not gonna play a lot of it 'cause it was just typical Kamala Harris word salad bullshit. But here she is giving one of the worst answers I ever seen claiming like her superpower. Here she tries to reframe a question, is that she studies too much Kamala Harris as a reputation for being lazy and not doing her homework. Don't ask me, ask the staffers who quit and leaked it to the media. I don't know Kamala Harris' study habits, I don't know her. Here, watch this. And then receipts incoming afterwards, check this out.


So I may not be quick to have the answer as soon as you ask it about a specific policy issue sometimes because I'm gonna wanna research it, I'm gonna wanna study it. I'm kind of a nerd. Sometimes I confess Folks, she, someone in a focus group again, told her, you have a reputation for being unprepared, for being lazy and for not doing your homework. So if you get the opportunity, try and reframe a question and tell everyone how smart you are and land that plane that you're kind of a nerd. The problem is you've gotta back that up.


You've gotta give an timeout. Got the perfect answer for you. I'm way too into today's show. The kid's gotta calm down. Who's the kid? Two thumbs. And this guy's, again, JD Vance. If JD Vance were to give that answer and say, what's my weakness? You know, a little bit of a nerd. Sometimes I read too much into stuff and you know, maybe sometimes I need to like speak from the heart or something. I'm not saying JD would, and he doesn't speak. Does I say, if he gave that answer, you'd be like, yeah, okay. Because jd, every time you ask him a question about any issue at all, jd, tell us about first to invent versus first to file on patents.


Well, let me tell you something. There's a strong case to be made for both, but I think personally the intellectual department, he'll give you, you would believe it. The problem Kamala Harris has is this Washington examiner Beckett Adams to her staff, Kamala Harris is a clueless bully who refuses to do her homework. This is from January of 2022. It's not me. Oh my gosh, you're calling her lazy. How dare you do that. I'm not calling her lazy. Her staff's calling her lazy and she proves it every day because she can never give an answer on anything. She doesn't look like she knows anything because why guys?


Because she doesn't. The Dan Bongino Show, if you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.