
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Man, If you missed the radio show yesterday, you missed a moment, like a moment on live radio. I mean, it's really rare when you do 20 hours of content a week live, you know, four hours a day. Pod radio, when you do 20 hours live a week, it's really rare to be shocked. We've had terror attacks happen on the news elections, everything. But I was really stunned that if you were listening or watching the radio show on Rumble, you saw the moment when the United Healthcare CEO alleged the suspect in the case Mangione was locked up.


You saw like a light bulb moment in my head. I was really stunned. This is like the craziest connection ever. I got a story for you, man. It's gonna blow your mind, I promise. This is really weird.


Beam Cyber Monday sale's been extended exclusively for Bonino listeners head to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


I got a big show, I got that. I'm gonna talk about this Daniel Penny case and what I think is gonna happen and most important, what I think is not gonna happen because the initiative's been lost, the Trump election changed everything. You'll see what I mean.


Lumen, it's one of the world's first handheld metabolic devices, metabolic coaches. It's a device that measures your meta metabolism through your breath. It's, and on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs. It provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. You know, I love life Acts, right? This is a great new product. I'm obsessed with it. You simply breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning. So what does it do? It analyzes your metabolism, indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs based on these insights, lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for the day. Can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to get real time updates on your body's metabolic state. Keeping you on top of your wellness game. I've been using Lumen, it's been great for me. Thanks to Lumen for giving one to me to get you try it out. I love, it helps me understand my metabolism better. I've been making smarter choices daily, so if you wanna stay on track with helping your body this holiday season, go to lumen.me/bino to get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me lumen.me/bino for 15% off your purchase. Lumen makes a great gift too. Thanks Lumen for sponsoring these episodes. These statements and product are not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Thank you Lumen, all fellas, let's go.


Who was there yesterday in the chat who was on the radio show yesterday when this story broke? Folks, the UnitedHealthcare, CEO being assassinated, they have a suspect. Again, everybody's entitled to due process. I wanna see the facts in the case pan out in a court case. However, there has been an arrest made and the suspect is a Luigi Mangi. I'm gonna get the story in more detail later in the show. I just wanna put this out first. So the second iic, this guy's face in that infamous picture of him in the back of the cab, this suspect now Luigi Mangione folks, I said to myself days ago, gosh, this guy really looks familiar.


And I'm thinking to myself, I and, and I could not make the connection because it wasn't like it looked familiar. Like It was like, it looked like your brother or sister or somewhere you'd recognize a face right away. But the face just looked so familiar to me and I'm thinking, what the hell is going on? So long story short, yesterday I recognized the last name Mangione and I thought there's no relation to the Mangione family in, in, up in the, the Baltimore kind of area of Maryland. And it turns out that there was, so this statement was put out. I'll get to who they are here in a second. You'll see the connection, the Mangione family on Luigi Mangione.


Unfortunately, we can't comment on news reports regarding Luigi. We only know what we've read in the media. The family's shocked and devastated by Luigi's arrest. We're devastated by the news. The Man Gioni family, and they offer prayers for Brian Thompson. Folks, I got my start in radio. You have to be like the p one of p ones to know this. I got my start in radio at a radio station in Baltimore, not Baltimore City, Baltimore County. The radio station was owned by the Mangione family and Nino Mangione, who's now a delegate, Marilyn, who by the way, is a wonderful, amazing guy.


He has absolutely nothing to do. He's a Republican state delegate. He is a patriot. He, I cannot attest in, in, in any greater way to this man's character. He is a genuinely good and decent human being, but I've known Nino a long time. I basically worked up, I wasn't a full-time employee, but I was kind of like their regular guest host. That's how I got my start in radio. I've known Nino forever and obviously they're, they're cousins and if they looked and I I they look alike and that's, I was so shocked by it on the air because it really, this thing got personal really fast.


I to the Mangione family, to the Thompson family. This is an just an unspeakable, unimaginable tragedy. But the Mangione family's been going through a lot. They obviously have nothing at all to do with this and there are a lot of people harassing them now, and it really is disgusting. But I I I, I'm, I'm sorry folks, but this is just, the story took a real personal turn for me. I'm gonna get to more of of it later. It is a big news story, but a lot happened yesterday. We had the Daniel Penny case verdict come down as well. Let me just throw out in advance, because the bottom line up front matters folks. This was not justice. I've heard a couple people, and I'd love to hear how you feel in the chat on this.


I think a lot of you are gonna agree with me. I heard a lot of legal analysts on cable news channels, Fox and elsewhere, and they were saying, you know, oh well the system worked and, you know, justice, he got off the system didn't work. I'm really sorry. I don't mean to be a jerk about it. I'm not trying to be a tool or a devil's advocate for no good reason. But how is this the system working? This is the kind of case where I genuinely believe, if It was in my county in Florida, where your right to defend yourself against a serious physical injury or death. Right? The guy was threatening to kill people. He said, someone is going to die if this was my county in Florida, you are not only not arrested, the cops would come up.


Hey man, thanks for defending yourself and your neighbors against this threat. You know what the, the, the key part of the court case with the Daniel Penny case, the, the subway of course we're talking about the subway incident with Jordan Neely is when the prosecutor asks Daniel Penny or the defense asked him what point, at what point did you think your life was in danger? And he says, when Jordan Neely said, someone's gonna die today. Like, what else do you need to hear? This was not justice. Yeah, who just said that Adobe won Kenobi. You must be friends with Gee Doby one Kenobi said there shouldn't have been a trial at all.


Ladies and gentlemen, justice delayed is justice denied. I hate cliches and tropes, but it's true. Justice delayed is not justice. You've taken away time, money, you've taken away this guy's life. You've taken his, you know, his money, his sanity. Like everything, the process is the punishment. This isn't justice. Now, thank the Lord, and I'm not using his name in vain. That Penny when was, when he was subjected to this ridiculous freaking show trial for defending people on that train who thanked him by the way, thankfully he was acquitted.


He was not declared innocent. By the way the language matters. There's no such thing as innocent. He was declared not guilty. Those are not the same thing. That's liberal terminology. He wasn't innocent. Nobody's innocent, dumbass, innocent. Whatcha talking about innocent? He's not guilty. There's a difference. Here was Daniel Penney in a local bar afterwards celebrating, and of course the hustlers are trying to, the race hustlers. Were already trying to start a race riot over this thing. But I'm gonna tell you where the, what the difference between now and the George Floyd situation was. Obviously the circumstances are completely, entirely different, 180 degrees.


But there's a difference now in the political environment too. But watch Daniel Penny first check this out. How you feeling? He's great. Yeah, he's feeling good. He's feeling good. He's feeling good. What's up, up together? How's it Going? How's it feel? Feels great. He's finally got the justice he's deserved. Now again, he finally got the justice he deserved, but justice delayed is justice. And I, and let me throw another curve ball at you here. He's now subject to a civil trial as well. He could lose that civil trial. Remember, the standard of guilt in a criminal trial is beyond any, beyond a reasonable doubt.


The standard in a civil trial is not beyond the reasonable doubt. It's preponderance of evidence. Therefore, jurors in these civil trials and judges are intimately familiar with the fact that the penalty is not you going to jail. The penalty's a financial one. And given that it's only the weight of the evidence, preponderance of the evidence in a civil trial, you're far more likely to lose. In other words, folks, this guy could still get bankrupted for doing nothing more than defending a bunch of people on a train against a guy who said, someone's gonna get killed, someone's gonna die. This would, this man should have been celebrated as a hero.


Here's Hawk Newsom, the guy brought up yesterday. I mean a a nothing but a cheap carnival barking asshole, life loser, chump and coward. I'm calling you that hawk to your face right now through this screen. You're a chump and a coward. You've always been. I've seen guys like you my entire life. You're a chump. Hawk Newsom is a grifter loser. This is one of the co-founders of BLM. He is desperate to agitate a racial issue around the case, although there isn't one. There were black men helping Daniel Penny restrain Jordan Neely.


Here's Hawk Newsom yesterday. I don't understand how this guy doesn't get arrested for this stuff. I mean, if this isn't close to incitement, I don't know what is. And at some point he appeared to imply like a threat towards Daniel Penny too. Watch this like Everybody else has vigilantes. We need some black vigilantes. That's right. People want to jump up and choke us and kill us for being loud. How about we do the same when they attempt to oppress us, right? I'm tired. Tired. I know you are looking for us to be like, oh, go and march.


Go and march. No this weekend I want you to hold a community event everywhere from the Bronx to Houston, to Seattle to Florida, black people, whole community event and talk about what you need, Bro. Shut your mouth. You're a punk. You're a punk, you're a just shut. Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth. You're a piece of shit. You always have been. You're a grifter and a loser with no life skills. Go get a job, loser. Get a job. This has nothing to do with race.


You're a two bit hustler trying to gin up some racial agitation so you can profit off it. You're a piece of shit. You know exactly what you're doing. I I, let me quote her. People wanna jump up and choke us. Who the hell is jumping up and choking us? Here's an easy way to avoid getting restrained at led to an incident like this. Don't go in a train car and tell people someone's gonna die. Hawk dumbass. There's an easy way dumbass to avoid us.


People popping up as if It was a random guy who just picked this guy out. Hey, let's choke a guy out. Folks, I am so sick of these bullshit agitators and people afraid to call him out that you understand this. It doesn't matter what you say. Asshole, calm scum on the left are gonna call you a racist no matter what. It doesn't matter that it's not true. Just eliminate it from the diet. It doesn't matter. They are going to call you a racist no matter what. That's why people are afraid to call this asshole out. Oh my gosh, I don't wanna be called a racist.


They're gonna call you one anyway. It call everybody a racist. It's how they make money. It's the grift. And then we get into testimonials. Oh racist, I've got stop. Just, it's not just ignore it and condemn this asshole for what he is. A chump and a punk and a zero. There's too many cowards folks in the political movement on the swampy, right? Oh, just let the, let 'em talk. You know, we don't wanna be called a racist bullshit. You heard what he said?


Making it up like people are just randomly choking out black men in the street. You understand? This is what leads to this mass perception of violent systemic racism around that's causing the division in our society. Why will we never heal as a society or whatever trope you wanna throw out there? Because a-holes like this guy don't want you to. Folks don't hold your breath by the way, waiting for the comi left to condemn this piece of garbage. Don't because it's never gonna happen. They love the agitation, they love it. Here's Ms NBC yesterday making one of the dumbest comparisons you will ever see on cable news and give SNBC and CNN's history that's saying a lot, comparing this case of Daniel Penny, a hero, a guy who should be given the one of these presidential medals at the White House.


The second Trump gets in there. That's what I would do. A hero who defended people's lives when other people would've sat on their ass and let this guy punch another woman in the face or something. You see this guy's arrest history. Here's M-S-N-B-C comparing this case to oj. Yeah, to oj. Watch this. The breaking news here. Daniel Penny found not guilty. But Lisa, we also know that Jordan Neely's family had filed, I believe a civil suit in this case as well. Does the verdict in this case impact that? Not necessarily. I mean we, the law is rife with examples of people who are acquitted in criminal cases and yet fine justice with respect to civil accountability.


I think the best example of that is with respect to Fred Goldman's family. Fred Goldman, I'm sorry, Ron Goldman being the man who was murdered alongside Nicole Brown Simpson. Even though OJ Simpson was never found criminally guilty for those two murders. Fred Goldman, the father, along with his daughter then sued OJ Simpson civilly and one a fairly large verdict. Folks, the vision divide and conquer is the game. It's the only recipe they have in the playbook. And of course the media is gonna pour gallons of gasoline on this fire because this is what they do. Here's the AP breaking Daniel Penny, the veteran who used the choke hold on subway rider Jordan Neely has been acquitted in Neely's death.


Subway rider leaving out the fact that the man was an extensive criminal history was talking about someone dying on the train car. These people profit off of racial agitation folks. And I'm telling you right now, this show has absolutely no time for it. We're the media now and it's gonna stop here. We're gonna put a period at the end of these freaking sentences. We're not gonna let it happen. Wanna move on to back to this Manji case in a minute? Because this United Healthcare CEO case folks, this is really dangerous stuff. In addition to people like Hawk Newsome, coward, jump loser and the media stoking the flames here and trying to cause the vision.


They are doing the same thing with the man Gioni case. Unbelievably trying to make a hero out of a guy, a suspect at this point who shot a guy and murdered him in the middle of the street. But they're leaving out completely, completely the leftist out of the narrative. Well the healthcare system's broke. You broke it assholes and now there's a murder over it and what you're blaming the healthcare executives over it, I thought you were fixing healthcare with Obamacare. Now it's led to a murder and oh, you wipe your hands of it. No, no, not here. Wait till you see these little receipts coming up.


Take a quick break. We can get back to the story of the man geos again. This thing has been got personal for me


real quick folks open an IRA in gold with birch gold and you can get free silver ship the directly to your home. That's right. It's the most wonderful time of the year, the only time of the year that birch gold gives away a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. And here's the best part, you don't have to pay a penny out of pocket. Simply convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered I rra of physical gold and birch Gold will send you free silver coins directly to your home. They're probably thinking, why do I need to diversify in the goal? My guy's headed to dc things are good. Well here are the facts and administration trying to reverse a $35 trillion national debt in just four years. It's like a little mouse trying to stop a freight train. Can't even afford to pay the interest on the debt, let alone the principle. So take action now. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 before December 18 for a free info kit on gold and to claim your eligibility for free silver on qualifying purchases from Birch Gold. Do this before December 18th. Again, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for peace of mind that lasts longer than four years. Thank you Birch Gold message and data rates apply


again. If you missed the radio show, you saw this thing got personal real quick. I did not know I was gonna know a family member of the suspect in the healthcare killer case. Folks, when I grew up in New York, there was a guy who was a pretty good reporter locally. He works at CNN right now, which is probably not the best thing to put on your resume. However, the reason I'm playing this clip from CNN is this guy John Miller. I feel like I've known this guy forever. He was an NBC local, the A local NBC affiliate in New York. So if you grew up in New York City, this guy covered the mob, he covered the commission trial, he covered everything. Long story short is he's on CNN, but he's pretty good with this crime stuff.


Here's a segment on CNN that again points to the fact that I told you last week the reason I didn't, I applied the Bonino rule to this story. This was clearly not a professional assassin. Folks, professional assassins don't wanna get caught. They don't leave messages, the messages, the dead body and they don't go to a McDonald's in Altoona. If you're a professional assassin and with the the actual, you know, suspected murder weapon and a fake driver's license you used to check in you. I mean I'm not giving anybody bad guy tips. I think it's fairly obvious. You get rid of the evidence, you don't keep it on you. This was not a professional hit. There's something going on here folks. There's a bigger story.


Listen to Miller on C Nnn with the details of this, how this guy got caught. And think in your head why didn't he discard the evidence? Check this out. So Dana, this starts as a very routine day in a McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania, which has like three McDonald's, but an employee there looks at this person and has been seeing on CNN and everywhere else. These photos from the NYPD of this masked person with the hood where they're saying, look beyond New York because we think the person has left the city and she believes that this person resembles the photos that have been put out. She calls 9 1 1 gets the Altoona pd, they respond to the McDonald's, they engage this individual and as they get him to identify himself and look through things, they find a gun, they find a silencer, they find multiple false IDs.


And when they begin to compare those notes with police in New York, they find out that one of those IDs matches the name, perhaps even the one we're looking at that he used a fake New Jersey driver's license to check into that hostile in upper Manhattan. So along with all of that, there are some documents that the police said seemed to be relevant to this case. I think we would stop short right now 'cause we don't have enough information of calling that a manifesto. But we are told by investigators they believe he's carrying documents that may relate to motive. Folks, there's, there's something not right about this case.


Well, something not right about every case. So I don't want to be overly dramatic having done criminal investigative work for most of my young adult life, but it's almost as if the guy took pains not to get caught, only to take pains later to get caught. Is it some kind of mental breakdown issue? I don't know. But the suspect in the case to use a 3D printed firearm, a suppressor, and then to exit the crime scene and then be discovered with the fake id you used to check into a hostile along with the firearm and the suppressor.


It doesn't make any sense. Now, one thing a couple people have said to me is, how do you think that the McDonald's employee recognized this guy? Given that some of the pictures are surfaced and you can barely see his face, he's only moving the mask to drink something. Folks, I think the mask, ironically it sounds kind of backwards, but the face mask is probably what elicited suspicion. Because if this was done during covid when everybody was wearing face masks, I don't think it would be that big of a deal. However, you still see people wearing them, but not that often. My point is like that may have actually drawn attention to him and someone may have said, my gosh, that's kind of weird, that looks a little bit like that guy and pulled up the picture.


You gotta remember, this isn't 50 years ago where someone's gotta go to a police station and pull a be on the lookout for sign down. All you gotta do is pull up X Twitter, right and pull up UnitedHealthcare CEO suspect. And you are looking while the guy's right in front of you. So I wouldn't put too much weight into that, but there's definitely something going on here that's really strange and I wouldn't be surprised if there's a connection if there later on it turns out that there's some kind of maybe a third party involved. I wouldn't be stunned is what I'm talking about. Maybe an enabler or someone else. I wouldn't be surprised. I'm not telling you that that's I I, that's a fact that you should take it to the bank and cash the check.


Just this case seems really off. It seems to me like a lot of pains were taken to not get caught only to take pains later to get caught. It doesn't make a lot of sense. Now this healthcare case, this United Healthcare CEO, the liberal narrative on this thing is disgusting, immoral, evil, demonic and unethical. We don't shoot people dead in the middle of the street because we don't like their business decisions. Ladies and gentlemen, I've got beefs with a lot of companies. I engaged in a construction project recently. It didn't go as plan. I promise you, at no point ever for a microsecond that I think, eh, maybe I should get a suppressor and murder a guy in the middle of the street.


We did that did not come up. Not a potential solution to the problem. We don't do that. I don't think anybody needs a lecture. But what I find really odd about this case is the left making a hero out of this suspect in the case is they're avoiding the fact that it's the left that took over healthcare under Obama and told us this would fix all the healthcare problems. Now the healthcare system is even worse to the point where they're shooting people and murdering them in the streets. And the left is acting like they have no skin in this game at all. You gotta read this article by Alyssa Finley.


I cited it yesterday but didn't get into the details. It's called the United Healthcare case in the Obamacare con. I thought Obamacare is gonna fix all this. Left is like healthcare sucks. We gotta start shooting people in the street. Really, a Gallup survey released Friday affirms the sentiment finding only 44% of Americans rate US healthcare as good or excellent down from 62% when Democrats passed Obamacare in 2010. Wait, leave this up. So just to be clear, left wing assholes who wanna murder people in the street over healthcare since you dip shits took over healthcare in 2010, people who think healthcare is good or excellent dropped by almost 20 points, a mere 28% rate the country's insurance coverage highly an 11 point decline.


Obamacare may rank as the biggest political bait and switch in history. Nos here. Remember Barack Obama's promise. If you like your healthcare plan, you could keep your doctor and your healthcare plan. Sorry, how about his claim that people with preexisting conditions would be protected? That's not true. Here's the biggest, how alert healthcare would become more affordable. Really throw the next one up. Healthcare's more affordable. The US is now spending $2 trillion more on healthcare than in 2010. 2 trillion more. Dan, I thought Obamacares more. More. We're paying 2 trillion more. Well at least we're healthier, right?


Justin? Justin says, no, Dan, read on. It's your clip. Yet Americans aren't healthier. A new paper by Paragon Health Institute observes that mortality rates from 25 to 64 year olds from major medical causes climbed between 2009 and 2019 when basically Obamacare was passed. So just to be clear, left wing dip shits. We need to murder people in the street. 'cause healthcare sucks. It sucks because of you idiots. We're spending more money, we're not as healthy. Fewer people like their healthcare and only 11% of people are satisfied with their insurance right now.


Read the data. All since Obamacare passed, this is why I absolutely hate leftists. They go and they throw a shit grenade in the tent and then they complain. It stinks in there. I am so sick of these assholes and you should be too. You wanna see the most disgusting clip Taylor Lorenz, the wor, the most, the biggest demon I have ever seen in the communist movement and dumb as a box of rocks. Here's this demon piece of human garbage on the p Morgan show.


Again, reiterating that she feels joy around the circumstances of the United healthcare. CEO, murder, joy. Check this out. I do believe in the sanctity of life, and I think that's why I felt along with so many other Americans. Joy, unfortunately, you know, because it feels like serious. I mean Joy in the marriage execution Say that's not, maybe not joy, but certainly not. No, certainly not empathy because again, well, Well what's in the footage? How can this make you joyful? This guy's a husband. He's a father like billions and he's being dumb down in the middle of Manhattan. Why does that make joyful Thousands of Americans that being murdered?


So are tens. So are the tens of thousands of Americans, innocent Americans who died because greedy health insurance executives like this one push a policies of denying care to the most vulnerable people and the many millions of Americans that have watched people that I care about suffer and in some cases die because of lack of healthcare. So should they all be killed then? Should they all be killed? These healthcare executives, would that make you even more joyful? No, that would not. But why not? And Why are you laughing? I'm gonna tell you so can I I it's a live show.


I mean, but I'm afraid I'm gonna say something really bad and I I really should, I really should kind of take a break a second. No, I mean it. I'm not trying to be silly folks. I, this woman is a disgusting piece of human waste. No respectable human being should ever have this woman on the air or near their outlet ever again. Forget all of the politics of what I just told you. That scum like Taylor Lorenz pushing for things like Obamacare that destroyed a lot of these healthcare companies that then had to consolidate to stay alive because Obamacare destroyed it.


Forget that for a second. If this guy was the worst demon on earth, and there are a lot of bad business people, folks, I've been screwed over by a lot of them. You can sue them. You have a court system, we have due process. We are a republic. This is not the, this is not the guillotine in France. Assholes on the left. I've got a lot of beefs with Joe Biden, politicians, business people and everyone else. They don't deserve to be murdered in the street that you're watching The Moral Decay of America.


This woman should never ever be put in front of an audience again. She is dangerous. She is legitimately dangerous. And I absolutely believe by her own standards, this crying whiny loser, that that is an actual incitement to violence providing any landing of that plane as if this was somehow not an evil demonic act murdering someone in the middle of the street. Bullshit. All right, I gotta move on. I've got big updates on these presidential appointments. These are huge. I'm feeling, I don't wanna get ahead of myself and you shouldn't either. But I'm feeling like the Bongino Army, Kat turd, Jack Po Soc, the Benny Johnson audience war room, the Bannon audience.


This is the big MAGA family here. I feel like we are finally starting to turn the tide on this and that these senators, these rhino senators holding up Hegseth Patel and Tulsi are getting a message that cutesy time's over folks we're not playing. And if you wanna test us, I promise you that's gonna be an F for you and an A for us. Don't do it. I'll show you what I mean coming up.


Hey, nothing delivers comfort and joy quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. It's guaranteed perfection at every single bite. Right now you can save an unforgettable, you can save on unforgettable gifts with 50% off sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com plus score an extra $30 off with promo code bond genome. It's a great deal with five generations of experience. They consistently deliver the world's best steak experience. The gifting experts here made it really easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring gourmet favorites. Paul and I send Omaha Steaks every year to family members and friends. We're stocking up ourselves 'cause we love the food for all the entertaining we have planned. We got a lot of big birthday on Friday. There'll be a lot of food consumed at the Bonino house and we'll be ready from their legendary steaks to their perfectly sized desserts. Save 50% five zero off Sitewide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners, get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com O-M-A-H-A with an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino Omaha Steaks minimum purchase may apply. Thank you Omaha Steaks


and our last sponsor today.


Mentum Listen mail listeners at there how many times you're getting up in the middle of the night, you gotta hit the bathroom. It's really annoying. It can affect your whole life. Studies show 50% of men will deal with an enlarged prostate due to BPH H in their lives. Many treatments and medications out there for BPH have significant side effects too. You wanna get into the side effects with a lot of this stuff. That's why check out Mentum urinary support supplement. It's pure. So palmetto extract, check that out. Clinically proven to help reduce urinary frequency day and night help improve prostate function to help fight BPH. Mentum is the first and only USB verified prostate health supplement USB verifies purity, potency and manufacturing to FDA current Good Max and manufacturing standards. Mentum contains 320 milligrams of pure saw Palmetto oil comparable to leading herbal medicine service sold in Europe with no prescription needed. Mentum Health is offering my listeners 20% off with their first bottle of Mentum urinary support plus free shipping. Just go to mentum.com today and enter the code bonino. It's F-L-O-M-E-N-T-U m.com and enter code bonino to get 20% off plus free shipping F-L-O-M-E-N-T-U m.com. Enter code bonino. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, try it out, get a better night's sleep. They my word for it.


Alright, back to the show. Presidential appointments updates because this is huge. Ladies and gentlemen, what's policy If you know the question, you know the answer policy's policy. No, it isn't. People are policy. People are policy. If you don't have the right people, it doesn't matter what the policy is. Joe Biden showed us that with the student loan forgiveness, he was told not to do multiple times in a number of environmental things he did. Here's a quick clip of John Cornin. John Cornyin is, is definitely on the rhino side of the spectrum. There's no doubt about that. He is a senator from Texas. However, he is a respected member of the Senate by his colleagues. So we, we need these guys to plus one.


I don't get emotional about this folks. You shouldn't either. We need their votes to get these people through here. He is at least signaling that cash Patel shouldn't have any problems getting through. We'll see. Keep the heat on. Don't back down for a second, but we gotta listen to what these guys are saying. It's a short clip. Check this out. Had a Good meeting with Cash Patel, the president, the nominee for FBI Director. We still don't know what Director Ray's plans are, but eventually I assume that Mr. Patel will be confirmed as the next FBI director. Again, folks, these guys are, this guy's not one of these MAGA people. There's no doubt about it. However, I'd rather have this guy on board than not.


Don't get emotional about it. Plus one minus one. Think of it like a spreadsheet. Be transactional like Trump is and you won't lose. You start getting emotional. Then we start to lose the tactical edge folks, that one of the worst things you can do in a fight or anywhere else. You know, I spent a lot of time on the mats and whatever, who cares? And I'm, I'm not, I'm not trying to pretend to be tough. Your kid's sister could beat me up right now, my osteoarthritis. But one thing they'll tell you is you don't get emotional the minute you start getting mad, you start to breathe heavy. Don't get emotional. Stay tactical. Aisha Haney put out this tweet. She said Fox, she knows really well about this As she puts out Joni Ernst put out a statement on he, Joni Ernst has been a huge obstacle towards Pete Hegseth getting in there as the defense secretary.


I don't know why journey Joni Ernst decided to entirely new her entire career. I have no idea, but I'm getting a little bit annoyed. She put out a statement and you've gotta parse the words. Everybody was celebrating. Oh, she supports Hegseth. That's not what she said. That's not what she said. Read the statement right here. She says, as I support Pete through the process, I look forward to a fear hearing based on truth. Not anonymous sources, folks, it's a, it's better than where she has been on it, but she's clearly hedging and I would not be surprised if she tries to sabotage him through surrogates or somewhere else in the hearing.


Joni Ernst can she, this is one of these senators who again is getting emotional about this. I'm telling you with this sense of pride, she cannot believe and even Politico recognized it this morning that a lot of these senators were stunned by the response of the Magos sphere. She is still convinced this is about her. She cannot get past her pride. Jonie, here's a hint. Just come out and say you support heg Seth and that's it. You don't have to put caveats. As I support him throughout the process, there is still these little kind of buyer beware things she's doing. She's opening the door to sabotage him.


Read between the lines on this stuff, and this is why Pete was on Sean Hannity's show last night and the defense secretary nominee. This is exactly why people on the rhino end of the spectrum and the Democrats hate this guy. They want a military castrated and de fenestrated. They want that. They don't want a lethal military 'cause we have a lethal military. It'll establish again the preeminence of the United States and a lot of these left wing lunatics hate the United States. If you can't crush the military, you can't crush the country. Here's why they hate Pete Hegg. This is probably the best 20 seconds you're going to hear from him about why this is the guy and the only guy. Check this out. Well, there's a lot to be done.


First of all, you salute the commander in chief who got those 76 million votes and is gonna chart the way and I'll give him advice and, and counsel along the way. I'll just say what he told me. Return the Pentagon to the war fighters. Pete, get in there and clean out all the social justice politically correct, garbage on top and get back to lethality, war, fighting, accountability, meritocracy and readiness. Listen, I hate, I don't like wasting your time at all. I don't. I've got an hour with you and then three hours on the radio. People are policy. You need to understand that it's not a cliche, it is an axiomatic truth of politics.


The policies don't matter if you don't get the right people in there. The policy is irrelevant. Folks, there is a law on the books right now, section two 12 F for the Immigration and Nationality Act that gives Joe Biden the full authority to exclude any class of aliens for any reason out of the country, for any length of time. Please, if you doubt me, if you're a liberal watching the show and you think I'm making this up, go look up Immigration Nationality Act section two 12 F. You can read it. The president can shut down the border right now. He doesn't want to. Well, he's got the policy. Dan. Policy isn't policy. People are policy.


This is why we cannot fold for a second on Hegseth, on Gabbard, on Cash Patel, and this is why we need people like Steven Miller too. I want you to watch this video, a Steven Miller on Fox and you'll see what I mean by people or policy. Steven Miller is going to be one of the lead voices in the Trump administration with Tom Holman and others on moving border legislation. Quick. This guy understands the law and he understands how to make the policy real, how to make it breathe and not just a dead piece of parchment. People are policy do not fold. Hold the line on these nominees no matter what they're feeling.


The heat don't let down, don't put any ice cubes on this thing. Check this out. Jonathan and Lindsey Graham have promised that they can get a full funding package for the border. The most significant border of security investment in American history, which would be the biggest domestic policy went in at least 50 years to the president's desk in January or early February. That would mean a massive increase in ICE officers working on the deportation operation that Tom Holman just laid out. That would mean a historic increase in border agents. The pay rates for both full funding for military operations, full funding for ice beds, full funding for air marine operations, full funding for all of the barriers and technology that you need to ensure there's never another God away entering this country. Now, president Trump, regardless on day one, is gonna issue a series of executive orders that seal the border shut and begin the largest deportation operation in American history.


But you're talking about what would be the largest investment in immigration and border of security. This is something the Republicans have been talking about for decades, but with Donald Trump, this is something that is going to happen. It'll be the most important and significant, as I said, domestic policy achievement in half a century. Then the plan as Senator Thune has laid out as incoming majority UNE has laid out would be to move immediately at that point. Now we're talking in January, early February, immediately to the comprehensive tax reform package. Folks, we have two years, we got four. No, we don't. We have two to the midterms. You have to think in two year cycles.


The presidency is not four years. It's not. No, it isn't. It's two two year terms and that's not the same thing. Yeah, the math is the same. I get it. It is not The president needs the house. The president needs the Senate. We have two years. The people he's got set up right now are there for success. There are very few nominees. I disagree with the the one over at Labor. I'm not so sure I'm fully behind. However, the rest of his portfolio of nominees and the people or policy, they absolutely get what the next two years needs to look like and they under understand the way to pull the policy levers to get there.


Here's why I am really excited about the next two years, and forgive me, I forgot to mention this early bit. There is a difference now. I think you guys are feeling it in the chat. Tell me if I'm wrong, if I'm wrong, say Dan, that I'm not getting it. Unlike 2016 where I think we really shocked them, they had, they didn't see us coming at all in 2016. They were so shocked. A lot of them genuinely believed something had to have gone wrong. Some switch broke in the system. I don't know about you, but I'm sensing now they hate us. They're gonna call us racist and Nazis. None of that's changed. I get that. Don't think I'm naive. I'm not. I understand. I get it. I'm vibing with you, but are you sensing that they get that they're not gonna be able to pull the same tricks again?


Is that making sense? Am I don't know, Justin, am I like messing this up? I, I feel like the resist pink hat routine, like they exhausted that now and that's why after yesterday's verdict, this is kind of tying together. The beginning you didn't see the response you would've typically seen. 'cause I think a lot of 'em are recognizing like we're gonna have to take a different tact and game plan. The resist weaponization of government thing didn't work. The other game plan they're putting together could be worse. I'm not telling you these are good people. I'm just saying I do think we have a window here, unlike the collusion window last time where the first two years they did the collusion hoax, which bottled up the presidency.


I think we've got two years here to do special things and here's why I am extra optimistic. Get ready for it. Trump is hip to the media this time. He always knew the media with the fake news. He's been calling him that since 2015. That's not new, but he's given so many interviews and back and forths right now that, have you sensed that he's getting really good at this? Now watch. Here's what I mean. He's with Kristen Welker, who by the way, again, I say, and I used to listen to Kristen Welker once in a while in NBC to get a perspective on what the left was thinking. This was not the craziest person on, she's totally gone off the deep end. She is now all in with the Rachel Maddow stuff. She cannot give an honest and fair interview here.


She's, but she's not stupid. Here she is doing the back and forth with Donald Trump and Trump just completely be clowns her and eats her lunch right here because they're just not ready for Trump 2.0. Watch this all evidence. Let me ask you this about January 6th. It's amazing. I wish you could be a, if you, you know you have such potential. If you could be just, just non-biased, you hurt yourself so badly. I'm telling you, they deleted and destroyed all the evidence. Everyone knows it and you slough it off like it doesn't mean anything. No, I'm just saying. Saying they deny it. That's all I'm saying. Kristen, if I did it, you would be standing up in that chair shouting at me and you know what I do.


I'd say, you got me. They have, they have done something so illegal. They have a committee sworn to and because It was so bad, the only reason they did it is because the testimony turned out to be in favor of me. These guys are just talking the, The whole production crew over here. You, there's three of 'em sitting over there and It was just saying the same thing that you and I were talking about here. We were just saying, you guys in the chat, you agree with me or not? Yes or no. That he's gotten so much better with the media now. You know, in the beginning he was never a bad interview, but I don't know, sometimes there was an entertainment factor to it that the tactical factor got lost.


Is is, is that kind of making sense? Yeah, yeah. Like It was kind of like he just said, like an acquired taste in the beginning, like It was entertaining, but the tactical back and forth and some of the points will get lost. He's gotten really good right now at staying on point and issuing like a devastating counterpoint that comes outta nowhere. You know, what's the best punch in the world when you didn't see coming? They just don't see it coming. He's just gotten really good at this now. This is huge. I'm gonna make a big announcement here too. Well, it's a big announcement contingent on them making a big announcement if they make one. I want you to listen to this clip first because they understand that the press absolutely tanked in submarine, their first administration with bullshit collusion, hoax stuff, ppe, tape stuff, the Spygate thing.


They get that. Now these guys know cutesy time is over. Here's Caroline Levitt, who's gonna be his incoming press secretary after Spicer and Huckabee Sanders and Kaylee. Caroline Levitt is very good at her job. Caroline Levitt is indicating now that they are gonna divvy up the press room differently. Here's my big announcement. If the Trump team wants the biggest political live stream in the world, that's our show. If they wanna give us a seat in the press room, I, number one would be honored and would absolutely accept it, but I will hire someone next week. I will let everyone know I will hire a Dan Bongino show correspondent folks.


We have a bigger audience than the Washington Post and the New York Times is, it's totally up to the Trump team. It is not my call. I will take it. We will take that seat for The Dan Bongino Show. You don't have to put us in the front row or anything like that. Although we are bigger than most of these outlets, right? But the Bonino Army, would you not be honored to have a seat in a press room? I know I'd be, we will hire someone, Ky man. I will hire someone so we'll put 'em in there. Here's Caroline Levitt saying, Hey man, status quo in the press room is over, so I'm down for this. This sounds great to me. Check this out. Any plans To change the way the briefing room works? Well, let me preface by saying that there has never been a more transparent president than Donald Trump.


We saw that in his first term he consistently called the press into the Oval Office when he was signing bills. He took questions from them directly. That's something the press I know is yearning for. They have not had that over the past four years, so their transparency in their access to the leader of the free world will be increased and also to the press secretary as well. We will be holding briefings in that room. I think as far as the landscape of the briefing room, it needs to reflect the media habits of the American people in 2024, not in the 1980s, and President Trump won this election by utilizing non-traditional, non legacy media voices outside the beltway. That's clearly who the American people are listening to. That's how they're digesting their news and I think it would be irresponsible of us not to include some of those voices in the briefing room.


I'm totally down. I am down. I will hire someone at, I could probably do it next week. I am down your call, not mine. It's your press room. You divvy it up as you see fit. I'm just saying I, here's my humble opinion. Here's who I think should be in there. I think the war room guys should get one. I think Crowder should get one. I'm just going on basically livestream audience and digital. I think the daily wires should get one. I don't wanna leave anybody out. I think we should get one. I think Charlie Kirk's team should get one too. I mean, these are basically the guys with the biggest audiences.


I mean, if you wanna reach actual, we're the media now, actual people through the media, then I'm, you know, I'm sorry to say it, but that's where it is. That's where the audience is. You know, you can also give other outlets, you know, Breitbart, the caller there, but if you wanna reach digital audiences, that's where it's at right there. Those are the people who have the eyeballs in the ear lobes and that's thanks to you. You are, you are the eyeballs in the ear lobes, not me. I can only watch the show one time. Speaking of which, I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about this, gee, by the way, hates stories like this, but I think this one he'll gimme a kind of a carve out on, 'cause this is freaking weird and it's even weirder because there's a family connection in here. Everybody's like, what is he talking about?


Michael and Avita Aida's mom and dad live in New Jersey. They live in New Jersey and actually got some video on one of these things themselves. You know Rachel from Fox, Rachel, Tuffy, and Sean, who is the transportation secretary nominee. They actually got video. These things. What things, what are you talking about? What the is up with this drone thing in New Jersey, folks, this is the weirdest thing I've ever seen. For strict liability purposes alone, you would think someone would've come clean at this point. You, you get what I'm saying? Legally speaking, if one of these things kind of crashes on someone's house, you think like one of these companies would at least tell the gov the governor Phil Murphy, who's a comm, but he's still the governor of New Jersey, so we'll have to put aside the communism for a second.


You think this guy would know who these things are? He's the freaking governor now. He's either playing really stupid, which is possible, but I doubt here, or he genuinely doesn't know what the hell these truck sized drones are doing. Hovering over sensitive locations in New Jersey. I want you to listen to this part. This is very, very important. Here's the governor of New Jersey who's either playing dumb or we got something really kind of big on our hands and no one wants to say what it is. Check this out. These are apparently very, as I understand it, very sophisticated. The minute you get eyes on them, they, they go dark and you know, we're obviously most concerned about sensitive targets and sensitive critical infrastructure, so we've got military assets, we've got utility assets, we've got the president elect one of his homes here.


This is something we're taking deadly seriously. We've gotten good cooperation out of the feds, but we need more and that's, that was my plea. Finally, how long, how much longer do you think we, I don't, don't know, but if we have news, I'll come, I'll, ill let you know the minute, the minute we know something, I'm not gonna hide it under a bushel. Governor, you have gonna have people saying, you know, I saw a drone in It was spraying something, or I saw a drone crash in my yard and set it off an alarm when I tried to go near it. There's a lot of fear. Yeah. Amongst New Jersey residents. I mean, what is your message? Well, the, the message I just gave, but by the way, we're, we're not aware of any nefarious drone that has crashed or if or if there is one that's crashed. Could someone please call me and let me know where that is? There are a couple of rumored downings for one reason or another.


One of them was a toy, the other one was never found. But having something, having our hands on equipment that's on the ground would be helpful. No question about it. Listen, I was it Justin who said it? He does have a lot of experience playing dumb so he could know, you know, Hamm's razor here given all possible explanations. The simplest is he's a commie, so he's stupid, so maybe he just is dumb. I gotta tell you, my first read on it though, licking finger here, lick at my finger, seeing where the VINs wind's blowing. I'm not sure he is playing stupid. Now I'm gonna tell you something, we, in my last line of work, we obviously did security in the air as well.


You do the, you know the bubble, you call it the protective bubble Bubble, meaning be above and below. There's a lot of stuff I I will not talk about for obvious reasons, but the air picture is really complicated. You've got things like an ais, an air defense identification zone. A a frizz, a A, a flight restricted area, right? You've got things like the den, which is this what defense enforcement networking system folks. You can't just go and randomly and repeatedly fly shit in the air without somebody noticing that this guy likely doesn't know as the governor of New Jersey, what this is, I gotta tell you, has me a little bit concerned there's something not right about this story either and I've waited.


The Bonino rule applies. Could it be something like some manufacturing company testing, some new form of delivery drone as I heard on Fox this morning? It could be. It's certainly possible. I just find it unlikely that a company like that, that would engage in that kind of commercial activity is engaged in such secrecy that the mayors, the state police, the local police and the governor of the state have absolutely no idea. I'm telling you, when I did protective operations, everybody knows what's in the sky. Everyone, almost all the time there's something out. Trust your friend Dan.


There is something out right about this. What a big week. This is for us by the way. Got the big party coming up on Friday. I'm super excited. Thank you all for contributing to this just wonderful year. It's been, we've got some great end of the year content coming up today too.


Was Rumble working okay for everyone Today. I know yesterday we had a little bit of a technical glitch. Let me know in the chat. You guys are super helpful for feedback. We are always, always working on the user interface to give you the best possible experience possible. We are committed to that. I want you to know that Rumble understands the customer is you. So if you're having any issues, let us know in the chat and I'll make sure to pass 'em off to Chris and the team so we can fix it. There's a lot of updates and good stuff happening. I'm really excited about the future of Rumble. Please do us a favor, download the Rumble app. It is free. Or you can join us on your webpage every day at rumble.com/bonino. Just click that subscribe button and if you wouldn't mind giving us a follow on Apple and Spotify, we'd really appreciate it. Spread. The word about the show folks. Word of mouth is what's made us the most powerful live stream in politics and we really appreciate it.


I'll see you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here live at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.