
Increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes, lot of changes come in.


Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic Now more than ever, Birch Gold is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy. The Ultimate Guide For Gold in the Trump era. There's no obligation, only information. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Yesterday, there was another debacle too, folks, one of the things I'm most proud of, and I've been a small part of this, but it's a, it's, it's, it's one of our prouder moments is this show's focus on dismantling the DEI infrastructure of the left. There's a business in it being a racist. There's a business in it on the left. People like Robbie Starbuck and others out there have done a lot of legwork on this, but I'm proud to be a part of this. This is what destroyed the left. I would, I'd say outside of the border and inflation, this is one of the top three issues.


It's been their focus on identity politics and it's for a reason. The reason this destroyed the left is it's not a victimless crime. Playing identity politics is a zero sum game. There isn't a person in America right now who doesn't know someone who's been a victim of this. You don't meet the appropriate racial or sexual orientation category. You are passed up for a promotion. Asian Americans kept outta colleges with a, you know, perfect SAT score, the college they want 'cause they weren't the preferred minority. This stuff has impacted everyone and it pisses people off. If there is one single cultural political issue at a time, inflation being economic, the border being national security, that is decimated and will continue to decimate the left.


It is without a doubt. This focus on DEI more in a minute, but first, increased tariffs on our trade partners, tax cuts and regulation changes. A lot of change coming.


Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic now more than ever, Birch gold, the only gold company I trust is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on Gold text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here's the facts. The national debt continues to increase our interest payments on the national debt continue to increase. Gold is still one of your best hedges against the weakened dollar and Birch Gold is still the company I trust to help you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. It's no obligation, only information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers you can trust Birge Gold too. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


So what happens yesterday? I'm gonna get into this in a little detail because this matters to me. Having done advanced work in the past, we can't have this going forward. Donald Trump, JD Vance and their families in this tradition that happens just about every cycle, which is probably done now, thanks to this lady who destroyed it, goes through this national prayer service thing the day after the inauguration. Just so you know, it pretty much happens in every presidential inauguration afterwards. This is probably the end of it. You can thank this Bishop. She's really a political activist, deserves no respect from you at all. And this fake bishop in church decides it's a good idea from the pulpit to attack Donald Trump with a political speech.


Now, let me say in advance, 'cause I'm not a hypocrite. You may be surprised by that. I don't mind addressing political issues in church at all. Matter of fact, father Marty, who's a good friend, has no problem whatsoever going after current issues and tying it to faith and religion. I'm not a fraud. What I have a problem with is the decorum here. This is a national unity prayer breakfast for Donald Trump. If you don't like Donald Trump and his issues, then you are not the person to speak there. You take this as an opportunity to ruin the whole thing for everybody. Watch this debacle. Check this out.


In the name of our God, I ask you to have mercy upon the people in our country. We're scared. Now, there are gay, lesbian and transgender children in Democratic Republican and independent families. Some who fear for their lives and the people, the people who pick our crops and clean our office buildings who labor and poultry farms and meat packing plants who wash the dishes after we eat in restaurants and work the night shifts in hospitals.


They, they may not be citizens or have the proper documentation, but the vast majority of immigrants are not criminals. They pay taxes and are good neighbors. They are faithful members of our churches and mosques, synagogues, gudara and temples. I don't know whose reaction is better there. Jd clearly looking towards the second lady. Usha like, what the hell is going on? Like, where did they find this? Or Donald Trump's sitting there, like, Of course he's classy. This fake bishop isn't turning his head. Cocking it to the side a little bit.


Like, am I really listening to this right now? A lady forcing left wing platitudes down. Everybody start on a moment of supposed national unity or the family you got, did you see Tiffany Trump in the background, right? Tiffany Trump is like, good for you because Tiffany stays quiet. She's not really the most vocal member of the Trump family when it comes to politics stuff. But she's sitting there like, are you for real? Like, who picked this fake bishop out there? I wanna talk about this. Someone who did this for a living. This is really, I'm, I'm not trying to throw anybody in the bus folks, but again, I'm an outcomes guy. We had a bad outcome yesterday. Trump handled it well.


He was asked about it later. He said, listen, I'm not happy with this. Did you like it? It was boring. And then he, he posted on true social about it. But I'm gonna tell you how we avoid this stuff going forward. Again, I don't have a problem with people speaking out. Pastors, preachers, imams, rabbis. I don't care. I don't care. You have a whole bunch of prescriptions on that stuff and supposedly whatever, I'm not getting into that. I'm don't care. Justin goes to the same church I do. Father Marty will address these issues and tie 'em to faith all the time. Cool, great. The problem is have some class.


The, the Biden administration would never ask me to go speak at a podcast event where Joe Biden was gonna attend because they know I would probably say, Mr. President, you suck. So my first question here is, folks, when you go out to an event, I, I don't wanna beat this to death, but when you go out to an event with the now president, okay, and he's sitting there, look at, look at this Tiffany, I love it. Tiffany's like, what the hell am I listening to? Laura Trump is like, really? Eric's like, who the hell picked this woman? You have staff, advanced people, secret service, advanced people, and Whamo people. White House military. So military advanced people, okay to have mercy upon.


They're all, they all have a mission. The Secret Services mission is not to get involved in the politics at all. The Secret Service only has one concern at this event. Is this Bishop a threat to Donald Trump or not? If the answer's no, what she says is not our business. Why? Very simply, the Secret Service is a law enforcement entity that has very serious First Amendment concerns. They cannot arrest this lady for speaking out. She has every right to say what she said. I think it's stupid and wrong, but it's not illegal. The Secret Service cannot get involved in that at all. Now, if she approaches Donald Trump in a threatening manner, they can get involved. Everybody got it? Get it. Got it. Good. No need to beat that up. The military does their military stuff, which I'll leave outta that.


That's a bigger story on their advance. It is the staff's job. The staff advance to go through the footprints, to go through who's speaking, to go through the president's actual actions, interactions, and to make sure the president's not embarrassed. Hey man, I'm really sorry having to produce up, but who the hell was the staff advance on that? Man, you gotta like, you gotta do a better job. You can't put the president in a situation like that. You guys have seen the videos of this woman out there. They're all over the place. This woman talking about how Donald Trump she, that he needs to be removed from office.


She's out there outside with the N95 ridiculous mask on. Yeah, I mean, this is obviously a political activist. She's trying to tell you a story rather than the story. So going forward, I know these guys have their heads on straight because they've got some really good staffers and folks, these things happen. The the pick, the Presidential inaugural committee had a thousand things going on. I'm just saying in the future, just learn from this and make sure we're going through these speakers and it would've taken a five second social media search. I mean, we could do it now. And you'd see this lady's got a ton of videos out there talking negatively about Donald Trump. So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble.


All you have to do is go to rumble.com/bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time. Hope to see you there.