
Open an IRA in gold with birch gold and you can get free silver ship directly to your home. It's the only time of the year that birch gold gives away a free one ounce silver eagle. For every $5,000 purchased, simply convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold and birch Gold will send you free silver text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 before December 18th. For a free info hit on gold and to claim your eligibility for free silver on qualifying purchases from Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino, Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. I'm gonna throw something out at you right up front here. They know exactly who owns these drones and what they're doing in the sky, but they don't wanna tell you for a reason. The reason is the United States government and the deep staters involved in it, they don't wanna scare you with their own inadequacy. Folks, I'm telling you right now, they know who these drones belong to. We are at real risk here. Our airspace is not secure. They don't know what to do with these drones.


And you know I said bottom line up front. So let me, I hate teases because they're for morons. Oh, stay tuned Later in the show if you like to show, you'll stay no matter what. I'm 95% sure if not more, it's China or some foreign adversary I some role in it could be wrong. I'm throwing it out there and I'm basing it on a few different things. Let's dig in receipts matter. Okay, Congressman Jeff Andrew will be on my radio show later. He represents an area in New Jersey where they've had this issue, right? Yeah, he was a former Democrat. Now Republican. He'll be on the radio show later today. If you wanna tune in, you can Check it out on Rumble and Locals. The last hour, of course, is for local subscribers.


We're doing a conversion, by the way, soon over to Rumble Premium. So hang out. I got a few questions about that that I from, from listeners. Here's a tweet from Congressman van Drew. Folks, I have no reason to believe this guy's lying about any of this. He says, first the China spy balloon drifted across US airspace for a week. Yeah, that's right. Now unidentified drones are flying over New Jersey avoiding radar detection gaps. Listen to the last line. Gaps in our airspace are being exploited and because of it, the safety of Americans is at risk. Dan, you're throwing this out there. You think it may be China or some foreign adversary. Why? Because I'm listening to people who are in the know, in the area or probably being told things but can't say it.


Gaps in our airspace are being exploited and because of it, the safety of Americans is at risk. This is the congressman in that area. Watch this interview with him on Fox talking about these drone or UAP sightings in the area. I want you to listen carefully to the language. Sometimes they know things, but they don't wanna say things. Check this out. You see, Trump National Golf Club isn't far from the Picke Arsenal military base, which some thought may be behind the drones, but the base tells Fox News quote, while the source and cause of these aircraft operating in our area remain unknown, we can confirm that they are not the result of any picket arsenal related activities.


Now, Fox News also spoke with Congressman Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey. He said, it doesn't appear the pilots of these drones are breaking any laws, rules or regulations. They're staying out of restricted airspace, which he says is an indication that they know what they're doing. I do not believe it's the US military. And if it is and if they're doing exercises, Shane on, on them for the disor disorganized way, they, they are doing it. I don't believe it is them. I am hopeful it is not a foreign adversary yet. I do worry about that. Yeah, and this will be a main topic of conversation at a house hearing on Capitol Hill today that starts at two o'clock focused on the safety implications of drone technology.


And Congressman Van Drew tells Fox that the United States is behind specifically China with this technology and that we need to do a better job of defending against and integrating drone technology. We'll send it back to you Dana. Folks, the congressman in and around the area is hoping that the us it's, it's, it's is, is not behind this, this China thing. He's hoping it's not a foreign adversary. Listen, hope is not a solution. Now I'm reading a rumble chat during, while the clip is playing and I, I get it. No matter what you say in this, I, I love everyone in the chat. Obviously everybody's here. We open up the chats, you're gonna have your opinion no matter what you say, you piss people off.


You tell people it's aliens. They're like, you're a conspiracy theorist. You tell people it's nothing to worry about. It's just Amazon or whatever. They're like, oh my gosh Dan, this could be a real threat. You tell people, Hey man, I think this is China or a foreign adversary. Here's or see like you're trying to induce panic. I'm not inducing shit. Panic kills. Don't shit the bed ever. I'm exchanging information with you. You do what you want with it. My job is to get you information period more in a


minute. But first birch gold open an IRA in gold. With birch gold, you can get free silver shipped directly to your home. That's right. It's the most wonderful time of the year. The only time of the year that birch Gold gives away a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchase. And here's the best part, you don't have to pay a penny out of pocket. Simply convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax shelter IRA and physical gold and birch Gold will send you a free silver coin directly to your home. Now, you may be thinking, why do you need to diversify in the gold? My guy's headed to dc things are good. Well, here's the facts. An administration trying to reverse a $35 trillion national debt in just four years, like a field mouse trying to stop a freight train. It's tough. Can't even afford to pay the interest on the debt, let alone the principle. So take action now. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 before December 18th for a free info kit on gold and to claim your eligibility for free silver on qualifying purchases from Birch Gold. Do this before December 18th and again, text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for peace of mind that lasts longer than four years. Message and data rate supply


folks, Congress gets briefings on this stuff. Congress gets briefings on this stuff 'cause they gotta fund a lot of this stuff. Now, not to be clear, not every member of Congress to, depending on your committee, is going to get a briefing on every little detail of what's going on. And with this deep state we have that is terrified of their shortcomings and inadequacies, knowing there's a new administration coming in. I believe we're being tested right now. Someone's sending a message, look what they've been hiding from you. Watch. Just pay attention to the story. The footprints are all there. Here's another congresswoman I know pretty well. Nicole Malaka. She represents the area. Northern New Jersey, New York, the Verno Bridge, which if you know, if you know New York, you know the Verno Bridge very well.


It's, it's in the New York, New Jersey area where that connection point, right? She is right in that area right there. Nicole Malki, you would think would be one of the people like Van Drew who is getting some kind of a briefing on What The F is going on over here. Here's Nicole. Now Malki talking about Theno Bridge, seeing a lot of this activity right now, this is a critical critical junction point in that northeast area of the United States. Check this out. Last night A constituents saw one of these drones hovering over the Veno Bridge, which connects Staten Island in Brooklyn. And on one side of that you have the Coast Guard base at Fort Wadsworth. And on the other side of that, we have an army base in Fort Hamilton in Brooklyn.


And so it is very concerning that they're choosing to fly these things over, as Phil Murphy said, sensitive infrastructure or military installations. And we deserve and demand answers. And we would expect our elect, we would expect our government agencies to have those answers for elected officials. Folks, I'm telling you, they have the answer. I know they have the answer. So why won't they tell anyone the answer? Because the answer is we don't know. That's the answer. And they don't want Congress. People like Mal Takis, van Drew and others out there, Chris Smith and others asking questions.


They don't want them saying the obvious follow up, which is what? How the hell do you not know? You have a trillion dollar military budget, you're busy with woke DEI bullshit in the Pentagon. Oh, oh, oh. And you can't tell us who this is. Folks, they don't know. Oh, they know when they're hiding it. They either don't know or they know and are hiding it and the answer's not good. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre at the White House podium yesterday.


Totally, completely incompetent. Looking, annoyed at the question because I'm telling you Biden does not want to admit, while they were busy reorienting the Pentagon to be a social justice organization around the world, that our airspace is completely at risk from technologies we bo we both do and don't understand and don't know what to do with the military does not know what to do with these things because they don't have any kind of force, pro force plan against 'em. Use of force plan. What are they gonna do? Shoot 'em out of the sky. They don't know what to do. Folks. I gotta, let's just say trust.


Trust me on this show please. There's more here. They don't know what to do. You all thought the Secret Service had an elaborate airspace security plan too, till you found out they had a dude trying to operate a drone that didn't even think to get a cell signal up in time. They were out in the middle of nowhere and the drone didn't work. The 20-year-old with an Amazon drone would ever beat them. You think our military's got this thing? Figured it out at the leadership level. You sure. 'cause it's your national security at risk. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre. Again, looking totally annoyed at the question folks.


They're not giving you an answer 'cause I'm telling you they don't know or they know and they just don't wanna tell you. Check this out. There Have been repeated drone sightings in the Northeast, especially in New Jersey. These are not small drones, some of them pretty large. They're flying at low altitudes, they're flying in flocks. Has the president been briefed on this situation? So we are certainly aware, the president is aware. So we're closely tracking and the activity and coordinating closely with relevant agency, including DHS and FBI to continue the, to investigate these incidents. Don't have anything beyond that to share. Obviously this is something that DHS and FBI are are tracking very, very closely.


And so I would have to refer you to, to them directly. But aware, keeping an eye out and looking into the incidents that you just mentioned. Couple still though. But yeah. Has the, has the federal government ruled out that these are controlled by foreign entities? Yeah. And do you know if they're conducting surveillance over these Periods? So I cannot make any, any kind of predictions or comments about that specifically from here. This is something that DHS is looking at and FBI, so I would have to refer you to them. I don't have anything beyond that. We're tracking this very closely. Obviously we're all aware of the incidents that have been reported.


I I'm not going to go into what they could be or could not be from here. That is something that obviously is being looked at as those respective agencies that I mentioned. When was the president brief on this? I, I don't have a timeline, but he certainly has, has been made aware of it. You don't have a timeline, but he's been made aware of it. What? You just don't remember when. It sounds like kind of a BFD, a big freaking deal. Airspace in the sensitive area. The United States seems to be infiltrated by objects you are claiming in a public podium. You have no freaking idea what they are. Folks. Listen man, nobody panicked. We're panicked now. We have a powerful military. I'm, we're not gonna be invaded tomorrow by aliens or China.


Okay? Forget the panic line. Okay? You don't shit the bed no matter what concern. You have to be freaking crazy to not be concerned about this story. 'cause there's only two scenarios. I can't say this enough Either. They have no idea who has violated our domestic airspace and sensitive areas, which is a 10 outta 10 on the, what the hell is going on meter or a nine outta 10, which is they do know they can't do anything about it and they're lying to you about it. That's maybe a 9.5.


It gets even worse. By the way, KARE Jean Pierre, here's the key line. DHS, department of Homeland Security for the liberals listening and the FBI are closely tracking it. How closely they don't, can't figure it out. Did you follow one of these things? Did you see where it landed? Are you tracking it on airspace folks? I'm gonna put a little cap on this thing in a minute and you're gonna see what I mean. I'm Holman Jenkins at the Wall Street Journal has been reporting on this forever. Forever. He's a great reporter. This is not new. This story about airspace violations.


And he's gonna explain to you in this piece exactly what I've been telling you. That there's a whole lot going on here. And they're afraid of Donald Trump and Pete Hegseth coming into the Pentagon as commander in chief and defense secretary going, what the hell's been on our airspace for the last five years? And them going, I don't know, man. What do you mean you don't know? This is a bigger story. Here's an FBI agent up on Capitol Hill yesterday being questioned about this U-A-P-U-F-O phenomenon. I think the most disturbing answer is the last 10 seconds where again, this guy's on the record here and he says, Hey man, I wish we knew, but we just don't know.


How do you not know? You seem to know everything about a PPE hoax and a fake tape and spying on Donald Trump. You don't know what's flying over the skies in the northeast of the United States. Come on, bro. Do better watch this. FBI and our Newark Field office, along with the state and local partners there are, or the bureau is actively investigating the, the situation you mentioned, just the unexplained sighting of drone activity over, over that part of New Jersey, including proximity to sensitive sites and areas of concern.


So the, we do not attribute that to an individual or a group yet we're investigating, but I don't have an answer of who's responsible for that, of one or more people that are responsible for those drone flights. But we're actively invest investigating what the bureau has done to aid our state and local partners is what we generally do. Enlist the help of the interagency, enlist the help of the public. There's a tip line there that one 800 call FBI tips, FBI for information from the public that could help us resolve this.


It is concerning is there is, is The public at risk? Is, is public safety at risk? Are we concerned that there are nefarious intentions that could cause either a national security or, or a public safety incident that would put Americans at risk? There's nothing that is known that would lead me to to say that. But we just don't know. And that's the concerning part. He just doesn't know if the public's at risk and that's the concerning part. Yeah. Yeah. That is the concerning part.


Folks. I, you know, I don't cover these kind of click Beatty stories. This is not one of those things. You have a bunch of people in a constitutional public we've entrusted with power who don't like to look stupid. They don't wanna look stupid, okay? They'll lie to you, they'll give you a fake answer, they'll obfuscate, but they don't wanna look stupid and come on, let's be on, they'll be commies, scumbags, everything else. They'll lie. But saying in public you don't know is generally not a good thing. They don't like to do that. You've now got Jeff Van Drew, Congressman, I don't know from New Jersey. Mal Takis, Congresswoman, New York, New Jersey area, New York, New Jersey area.


I don't know. Kare Jean Pierre, she doesn't know anything. Said to, she's like, I don't know. That's not unusual for her. You got FBI agent. Hey man, I don't know. Does anybody know? Justin says, I don't know if anybody know. I dunno, either. I'm telling you, this is some foreign adversary who is scoping out something sensitive. Something sensitive. The reason it's being, the reason by the way, it's a hot spot in New Jersey is 'cause it's a very population dense area and a lot of people are seeing it. I'm not so sure this isn't happening all over the country. Matter of fact, there have been reports elsewhere as well. The Dan Bongino Show, if you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.