
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan. Bonino Folks, use the best sign yet. The best sign yet, by far that things look good. Not great. Don't get too excited. But things look good things. And don't let anybody tell you they don't. I don't want anyone taking a wind outta your sails either. I don't want anybody talk about red waves. It's all about balance in life, right? If we were happy all the time, you wouldn't know what happiness was. It just would be how you feel. you know what happiness is. 'cause most of the time we walk around like this and boom, you get a spike. But we gotta balance things out. Don't let anybody be a downer.


The biggest sign yet that the Kamala ha camp is panicking are left wing media. People already pointing figures. It's fingers. Excuse me, it's everywhere. Left wing figures pointing fingers everywhere. They're now saying, Joe Biden did it. Barack Obama did it. Bill Clinton. I'm not kidding. Obama should have come out earlier. Bill Clinton should shut his mouth in Michigan and stop talking about illegal immigration. Kamala Harris is too timid. Joe Biden should have got out earlier. Joe Biden should have never said garbage. When you see left wingers, not us, not me, I'm not a left winger already going.


This guy did it. That guy did it. This guy did it. That guy did it. you know, behind the scenes, there is an absolute panic fest breaking out. They got Xanax everywhere. They're taking 'em like TicTacs at this point, but we gotta keep it up. Big show today. Our last one before election week. Big crowd. Today, I am expecting


want access to Beam's Black Friday sale before anyone else? Good. Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's. Biggest sale


And, folks, I'm gonna hammer it into your head until you hate me for it. This campaign is about snapshots and soundbites, man, pictures and soundbites. That's it. I'm gonna show you some from today and yesterday. And again, you tell me who do you think is winning.


Hey, it's been a tough year for a lot of us impacted by hurricanes and emergencies. Listen, disasters going to strike. You're gonna go knocking on a pharmacy window going, let me in if you need emergency medications when that disaster happens. 'cause it's going to have your medications on hand. Well, I've got the solution for you that I discovered along with thousands of others. The Jce case, JCE, it's like vase with A-J-J-A-S e.com. Enter code Bon Gino a checkout. You'll get a discount on the order. The Jace case is a personalized emergency kit contains essential antibiotics and medications you should have on hand anytime, but especially during disasters from antibiotics to EpiPens and more. Jace will provide a kit of essentials you need. I used to have one right next to me, but honestly, I took it over to the new house because don don't wanna be out in case something happens. I'm not even kidding. All it takes to get a jce case is visit jce.com. Fill out a simple online form. Review the terms as soon as JCE Medical has a physician evaluate your request. The JCE case could be on its way to you. Go to jce.com. Enter code bonino at checkout for a discount on your order. That's promo code B-O-N-G-I-N o@jse.com. jce medical products are not attended as a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider. Check out jce folks.


All right, let's go, ladies and gentlemen. Whatever you're doing with the early voting, you are kicking ass. More, more, more, more, more. Whenever you think it's enough, more. If your friends tell you enough, it's more. If mommy and daddy tells you enough, it's more. If you're telling your kids it's enough, your kids should say more. If your aunt and uncle said to your kids, Hey Joey, it's not enough. The kids should say more, more, more. Some of you could still go out and vote today. Why haven't you done it more? They are freaking out folks. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia. I'm gonna show you later on, I'm gonna get into the show. A specific congressional district in Virginia.


How bad it looks for them. I'm not telling you we're gonna win Virginia. The Democrats could still turn out in mass on game day. That means do not sort off the cork on the freaking champagne yet. I'm just telling you, you guys, thank you. Thank can I. can I take a moment for a second to thank you and not, I'm not being a dick about it. I'm telling you straight as a friend in the movement. There's nothing special about me. I'm just some dumb ass with a microphone. Okay? That's all I have. There's nothing special about me. I I, I put together a show you guys like and I appreciate it, but I want to know. I want you to know as one of you, thank you. What you guys are doing is real. The data does not lie. You are turning out in numbers, so scary and frightening to them on the day after Halloween.


They don't know what to do. They are figuratively in shock. They're in like a medical figurative shock right now. The Nevada numbers have them crapping in their diapers and they've run outta wies. They don't know what to do. They don't know what you're making it mathematically impossible for them to scam in big enough numbers to fleece this thing. Then this just happened today. Let me say in advance, and I not messing with you. I don't wish a bad economy on anyone. However, if you're gonna do crap things like the inflation production act, you know, mounds of red tape like we haven't seen in American history, flood the market with illegal aliens, destroy international trade, destroy the value of the dollar.


You're gonna get crappy job numbers. It's called omics and omics. This just popped this morning. Surprising. Absolutely no one. The jobs numbers were absolute shit. Yet again, take a look at this jobs Report and the prophecy came true. Jobs light. 12,000, 12,000 in non-farm payroll. That is the lightest going back to December of 2020. Sometimes I look in the chat for a comment of the day today, goes to Michael, who could be in the chat, but decided to say it out loud. Instead, Michael said, and they haven't even been revised down yet. They're at only 12,000 jobs, which might as well be negative when they get revised down.


I promise it'll be like minus 740,000 jobs. They haven't even revised it yet, folks, everything you feel about the economy being ugly and bad right now is real. Is it the worst economy ever? It is not. Could the economy be growing at nearly one and a half times the rate it is now, if Joe Biden and Kamala weren't in the way, you bet your ass could. Folks, this is all about pictures and soundbites, all of it, and they are failing. They are failing. They are losing the messaging battle. They are losing the economics battle. They are losing the battle on the school choice front on the healthcare front, on the immigration front, on the international chaos front.


They are losing everywhere and Donald Trump has stayed on message despite the Democrat's efforts to kick him into Jimmy and bring him off and pull him off into these side messages, he has stayed on message. Here's Donald Trump at the rally yesterday talking about exactly this. This is the message, the soundbite we need to hit. Check this out. To begin by asking a very, very simple question, are you better off now than you were four years ago? Hat tip, Margot Martin from his campaign, who took that I I on her cell phone? That's why did I could have got that video, but I want you to see that because that is the message that's working.


Folks, I need you to listen to me. I said this on the radio show yesterday. You have to understand how tactically right now, the Kamala Harris campaign is in a free fall. They lost their last messaging day last night and I gotta tell you, because my audience is amazing. Someone sent me an email. My email still floats around out there. Some people have it and I actually don't read it. I'm not trying, but it goes through a, and sometimes people forward me stuff and say, you shouldn't need to read this. I said yesterday on the show, don don't know who was here for the late shift on the radio. I said their, their messaging opportunities are over folks. If Kamala Harris was going to change the narrative, election day is when?


Tuesday. It is now what? Friday. It's a live show. Everybody wave. Here's my phone. Look. That's me on the thing. So there you go. Proof of life right there. Today's live pretty much always live. Their last messaging day was yesterday, Thursday night. Nobody on a Friday night is sitting home waiting for a Kamala Harris speech on how she's gonna change her campaign. Nobody's home on a Saturday doing that. Nobody's home on a Sunday doing that. Oh, Dan, maybe she's got Monday. Monday, you are assuming Monday that she's gonna change and she's in that 24 hours. She's gonna change her mind. Not going to happen.


What was I bringing up about the email? A very astute listener. I'm surprised many of you probably caught this, but this one was the only one who got through to me. He said, Dan, you're wrong. they weren already done. It's Halloween yesterday, which I totally forgot. No Derek there. People were out trick or treating folks. If she needs to flip one or 2% of the electorate, millions of people, it's done. I'm not telling you the race is over. I want to be very clear. They can absolutely win this thing. I'm not kidding. Don't get cocky. There are a lot of people out there who are still on the sidelines. This thing isn't even close to over. But as I've said repeatedly, if you're a betting man right now and you got a gun to your head and you gotta pick, you're damn right.


I don't care who you are. You're picking Donald Trump. If it's life or death and you had to pick, you're damn right. You're picking Donald Trump right now. He is well over 50% chance, chance to win. But that's not making me comfortable. I want a 99% chance of winning, not a 53.5% chance. Their messaging opportunities are over. They're over. I'm sorry. And you, you know what? That goes for Donald Trump too. He was out yesterday working. Kamala Harris was doing basically the same spiel she gives all the time, which is going to change nothing. However, They weren sound bites that really stung yesterday, and I'm not talking about us.


They tried to make something outta nothing. With Liz, with the Liz Cheney thing. That's not what he was talking about. Donald Trump, the thing about, he was talking about Liz Cheney sending people over to war, not having skin in the game. Don't even pay any mind to that. That's actually, if you listen to it, it it that, that whole clip, you'll understand exactly what he was saying. So forget that. That sound bite's not gonna do anything. Matter of fact, if anything, I think the libertarian vote's gonna be like, man, he's right. All these politicians love sending people to war. It's not their skin in the game. I'm not even gonna play it because it's not worth the time. and I got a lot to get through. I will however, play a closing argument for the Kamala campaign that did break through yesterday that I'm telling you sure as hell ain't working for them. If your closing argument is half of America's garbage and Trump, if you support him, you're a stupid woman.


That smart women don't support Donald Trump. You are probably losing. You're probably losing. Why? Because it's so biteable, so biteable, so biteable. It's short. Donald Trump doesn't surround himself with smart women. A lot of smart women are going, really? You're saying I'm an idiot? It's a soundbite. That's why it hurts. Who said that? Another Kamala Harris Surrogate. Mark Cuban. Who? Michael, would you agree? Get keep this guy out there. Is there a way for us to finance Mark Cuban's is there. We should get like a give, send, go going Keep Mark Cuban on the campaign trail. This is exactly the soundbite you don't want.


Check this out. Donald Trump. You never see him around strong, intelligent women ever. It's just that simple. Thank you for leaving that in. What? It's just that simple. Why is this destructive? Number one, because it's patently offensive, stupid and moronic. But folks, a lot of campaigns Republican and Democrats say stupid moronic things all the time. It's a soundbite. How do we know? It's a soundbite? Gee, how long is that whole clip? Play it again. This is what's called a soundbite Donald Trump. You never see him around strong, intelligent women ever. Yeah, it's just that simple.


Six seconds. It's just that simple. You don't think that thing is rocketing around suburban mom America who may be on the fence going You, know what don don't know. Maybe I'm not a huge fan of Donald Trump's personality, but life was certainly a little better. It's this guy calling me a moron. Folks, do not for a second downplay this. It is a soundbite. Listen to your boy here. I will never steer you wrong. If he would've made a more elaborate case, bear with me a second. If Cuban would've said that and say 10 or 12 sentences, but still say made the same point. If you're a woman, you're an idiot. You shouldn't support Donald Trump, but set it in a more verbose way.


It wouldn't be as damaging. 'cause no one's gonna listen to it. People don't have time. That six second clip is gloriously bad for this idiot. Keep this guy on the campaign trail. My gosh, a smart business guy. They're probably the single worst spokesperson I have ever seen. Can we seriously, is there a way to like, I know he's rich, but can we finance like Mark pack or something and like get some money to get this guy out there over the weekend? I mean, is there ever been a more out of touch billionaire who has no relationship to the American voter whatsoever? Why do they keep letting this guy talk now some more good news going into the weekend?


Again, I'm gonna give you, there's a lot of good news and I want you to love it and I want you to feel good. I feel amazing. A very good friend of mine, you both know in the business, reached out to me yesterday and said, how do you feel? I'd show you the text, but again, I wanna put people's number obviously on the screen. I said to him and I quote, I am feeling amazing. I'm feeling amazing. 'cause I know you're gonna execute. I know it. I know it. Make plans for election day. I know it. I have never felt better. I called it in 2016. I was worried in 2020. I feel great. Now. Why? Going back again to have now becoming famous on my show, Harry Ant on CNN.


Damn. Why do you keep playing CNN? Because I don't wanna be accused of giving you propaganda. I'm giving you both sides. This is a CNN analyst. Yet again, saying to Democrats, if these guys pull this off, man, don't you dare say you weren't warned. The signs are everywhere. Watch this numbers. They have been gaining and party registration versus the Democrats in the swing states with party registration. We're talking Arizona. I think it's a five point. They've expanded their lead from five points from where It was back in 2020. How about Nevada? Big Republican registrations there. They like the early vote. How about North Carolina? Big Republican registration gains. How about Pennsylvania? We spoke about it before a few months ago. Big Republican party registration gains versus where, where from where they weren four years ago.


So Republicans are putting more Republicans in the electorate. The democratic number versus the Republican number has shrunk. And so the bottom line is if Republicans win come next week, Donald Trump wins comes next week. The signs all along will have been obvious. We would look at the right direction being very low. Joe Biden's approval rating being very low and Republicans really registering numbers. You can't say you weren't warned. I I'm, it's not me. It's not me. This is, I'm under withering attack by the left Wing Comm Media. I'm not complaining about it at all. Believe me, it is a sign of power. I'm actually Slate Magazine, Washington Post three more articles.


I just saw Dan Bonino political podcast under withering attack. Folks, they are shitting their pants. They don't know what to do right now. They know that. It's that moment where Bain grabs that business guy in the Batman movie. Do you feel like you are in charge? They know they're losing the war. They've lost the battle. They may lose the war on Tuesday. They know it. They know the truth is one out. I am giving you both sides. I am telling you that yes, we could lose. There could be, I'm serious. There could be a massive Democrat turnout on Tuesday. They've done it before. They surprised us in the midterms. They could overperform the polls, but I gotta be realistic with you too.


Numbers at this point matter. Not people's thoughts, not people's polls or opinions, early voting numbers. It's a, it is an electoral bloodbath. So the media matters. People can't take me outta context. An electoral bloodbath. There's no sugarcoating. This Nevada has to have them freaking out early, voting the right direction, wrong direction. The GDP number going down instead of up the jobs numbers. Absolute shit. Biden calling America garbage. Mark Cuban telling women they weren stupid. Basically. Who if they support Donald Trump, Harry Ton saying voter registration numbers in the Republican side.


In other words, people who actually went to a voter location said, change my registry. That's real. That's real. I wanna give you something else too. Numbers, numbers matter. Everything else is bullshit. Numbers matter throw to polls out. This is one of the be. Is this an article in the newsletter? Folks, read this. Go to my newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. It's free. It's free. It's no like, sign up, everybody. Go Bonino Army. Go today, please. We put great articles there. bonino.com/newsletter. You get the podcast in your email box every day. We will not spam your inbox. I promise you.


We are very careful with our emails. Read this Breitbart article. It is worth your time. The Democrats are taking opium right now. Opium, no opium. They are trying to cope because they know they are in real trouble. I told you, opening the show, they're already finger pointing. He did it. He did it. He did it. That guy did it. That guy did it. That is not how a winning campaign acts. They know they're in real trouble. Why? Because they keep saying with the early voting, oh, don't sweat it voters. It's just Republicans who would've voted on election day. In other words, HPVs, not human papillomavirus, high propensity voters.


They're saying, don't worry, they're just not gonna show up on election day. 'cause they can't, they already voted. That's not what's happening. That's Copio. Breitbart, 613,000 Georgia voters who did not participate in the 2020 election. Have, Voted, Early did not participate. In other words, low propensity voters. How can you cannibalize something that would've never happened? They would've never voted outside of Trump. Here in a social media post, a JC political reporter, Greg Bluestein, who's no conservative, by the way, pointed out and I quote, the highest early voting turnout in Georgia isn't in Democrats.


Strong herds holds like DeKalb or the contested suburbs surrounding metro Atlanta. It's in sparsely populated rural counties where Republicans dominate bluestein added more Kylo Ren style more, get your electoral lightsaber out more, more or, or they don't know what to do, man. They don't know what to do. Wait, one more. Throw that Virginia one up. I'll take a break In aside, I look at it at Christian Hinz on Twitter. Here's another one I'm just throwing out at you. These are numbers.


Remember what I told you, you guys, you guys are really good at politics. You gotta understand that in politics, I, I'm trying to put together like a political dictionary for you in case you run the cook. PVI is an important number. It's Charlie Cook's partisan value index. It measures the Republican or Democrat lien of a congressional district. That's one thing you should be familiar with. Another thing I mention all the time is four by fours. Four by four voters are the most valuable thing in politics. They are freaking gold. They are absolute gold. They are people who voted in the last four primaries, last four general elections. They're gold. They're showing up. If there's a freaking book of Eli nuclear war, you understand the why do you do four by four? Why not five by fives? Well, you can. Reason you do four by fours is there's a lot of newer voters on the ballot and if you just include, you know, four by fours, if five by fives, you're going back five presidential elections.


You're talking about 20 years by simple math. Okay? Four by four is the best way. Look at this. Here's Virginia Congressional dis district nine vote broken down by voter propensity four by four voters. In other words, high propensity voters. Look at the numbers. GOP 43,000, Democrat. 17. You got three or four. Go down all the way down to one of four. Here's the low propensity voters. 8,500 GOP 849 de Here's the best one. These are in low propensity vote. These are no propensity voters. Zero out of four, they haven't voted anything. Holy Moses, 8,483 Republicans, 190 Democrats, A big number.


You're damn right, brother. That's a freaking huge number. Folks. They are lying to you, the Democrats. It is copio. It is copio. We are not cannibalizing shit. These people showing up are coming out of the woodwork. They have never voted before. Most, not most, but a lot of them, and they are overwhelmingly in our favor. Or folks, I'm feeling really, really good about election night. I want you to celebrate it with us Rumble dot com slash bonino. Please, let's melt the internet that night and let's send a message to the mainstream media that their days are over.


They've been attacking me for a week. I'm not kidding, by the way you think I'm exaggerating. Put in Bonino, Washington Post, Bino Slate Magazine, Bonino, New York Times, Bonino Media. I, it's everywhere. They can't, they know we're kicking their ass. The Bonino Army. We're in charge now. We're in charge now. Quick break and I'm gonna show you something else. So how the, how, how Garbage Gate is still going. The biggest can of worms ever has been opened up and now the potential crimes have been committed. Oh yeah.


Hey, ask my friends at TA Tax Network, USA about this IRS crackdown everybody's been talking about. Here's their advice. If you owe back taxes, please don't gamble with the IRS. It's a no win. That's why you need Tax Network USA on your side. Their attorneys and expert negotiators employ aggressive strategies to help settle your IRS issues quickly and in your favor, even if you haven't filed in one, five or 10 years. What gives Tax Network USA, the Edge, their preferred direct line to the IRS, they know which agents to talk to and which to avoid. They won't back down until they secure the best settlement for you, which could save you thousands. That's how they help resolve over 1 billion in tax debt for people like you. Don't wait until the IRS closes it. Give Tax Network USAA call, it's free. Talk with one of their strategists. See how they can help you. Imagine putting this nightmare behind you with your taxes. Call 809 5 8 1000 or visit T-N-U-S-A short for tax network TN usa.com/dan tn usa.com/dan. Check it out. Thanks Tech Network. We appreciate it, folks.


This again, the closing message. The reason Mark Cuban hurt them so badly, the reason Joe Biden hurt them so badly is not because they said something dumb. Listen to your boy here, okay? Politicians say dumb shit all the time, but they talk in word salads and it gets lost. It gets lost. Joe Biden was sound biteable. You're garbage Cuban sound biteable. Trump doesn't surround himself with smart women. It's that simple. No, it isn't. Mark sound biteable. The garbage thing for Joe Biden is a disaster. How do we know something's bad? Folks in the chat, I'm looking at you right now. Tell me how we know a situation is bad.


Let's see. Who've been paying attention to the Dan Bongino Show? This is a P one question. How do we know something is really bad for the Democrats? What do we measure? What do we measure? Tell me, tell me the Yeah, the first one wins. I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking. Wait, I'm sorry. The check goes so quick. Yeah. Who is? Yes, Jay. Bag of donuts. Jay bag of donuts. Get him on the screen. Jay, bag of donuts. You win. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. The chatter of the day, Jay bag of donuts says the media reaction. That is a P jay bag of donuts. That is so, that was awesome, Jay. Oh my gosh. Did we just like break the chat again? No, we do.


They talk about it. They can't shut up folks. I'm telling you right now, when they see you floundering on something, they will typically just let it go and let you continue to do it. The reason they weren, they're trying to stop this is because they know it's effective. I want you to listen to the most ridiculous, ridiculous media commentary yet on Joe Biden's. Your garbage comment here is Kelly O'Donnell. I mean, an obvious partisan hack. LO welling the world to death, claiming somehow that this is Joe Biden's stutter. Do, do you understand? Joe Biden has said himself. He, he's beat the stutter, which is good. I, it's not funny.


I don't wish that on anybody. It's a troublesome thing. It's not funny. None of this stuff is funny. It's not a joke. I don't think any of it's funny. I never wish Ill will on anyone to show up hos violence and dumb shit like that. But let's be real. Joe Biden himself has said a stutter's not an issue anymore. Yet Kelly O'Donnell is now an audiologist and is claiming that, yeah, you know what? This has something to do with this stuff. This is how crazy this has gone for them. Watch this. What they are trying to say is that the president was referring to the demonization being garbage from one prominent supporter, the comedian who appeared at the Madison Square Garden event for Donald Trump. If you look at about a minute's worth of the remarks from President Biden when he was speaking to Latino groups last night, that context appears more clear.


Also, it's important to know that the president always has that battle against stuttering, and that seemed to be apparent in this as well. This is not journalism. This is not journalism by Kelly O'Donnell. It's embarrassing. He's had a battle with stuttering that appears apparent. In other words, like you should just take it at face value that It was a stutter despite actually listening to the clip yourself. This is not, this is not even opinion, it's propaganda. Kelly O'Donnell, I'm serious, has no, as far as I know, zero medical background. She's not an audiologist. She's not a speech pathologist. She has no idea.


She's pretending to give you the news while making a totally unfounded assertion that a stutter Joe Biden himself has said he is beat. Had something to do with him calling you garbage. They are freaking out, man. They know they've alienated most of the country And folks, as I said to you in the beginning, there are no more messaging opportunities to save themselves. It's over. Halloween was last night. The weekend I, it's a weekend before election. I'm gonna be working this weekend. I got news for you. Americans do stuff. You got HVAC guys out there that with jobs, you've got pilots that gotta fly planes. You've got military folks putting their ass on the line for you.


They don't get to take a break while they're shooting a terrorist and go, hold on, I wanna get the election results. The message opportunity's over This is how bad this is. Tampon. Tim was so freaked out about the garbage truck episode with Donald Trump, which only highlighted how bad this was. Tampon Tim. Now this is the tampon Tim, who cannot stop with the jazz hands and the he's kicking and the gesticulation. No one knows what this guy's ever doing. Here he is yesterday still focused on this. Donald Trump is old man. He had a hard time getting into a garbage truck. Donald Trump is in his seventies, so you're suggesting if you're 70 years old, you're supposed to leap into the garbage truck like freaking Carl Lewis at the Olympics.


Do you really think this is a good closing line? Watch this. This is desperation. 80 Years old. He damn near killed himself getting into a garbage truck. He thinks this is funny. This is the soundbite you wanna close out, making fun of 80 year olds, folks. I'm, I'm 50 in December, okay? I gotta tell you, I have a hard time getting up to you. You really? Do You think this is a closing message? That's the best you can do. There he is. King of the tampon folks in the chat. Light it up. Light it up with tampon tea back again.


you know how Zeus throws those thunder bowls? Woo. Where's My football, by the way? On behind ese. Oh, It's, it's behind ese. That's right. VA's back. Light up the chat with Azi and honor Frank. We love you. We'll be looking forward to your reaction on November 6th. If we win or lose. Of course, Azis, the voice of reason here. Here We go. The great Chicago bear legend. Dan Hampton sent me this football Bonino. You rock Dan Hampton Hall of Fame because he's the best here. Is this is here. All those is the Dan Hampton football. Here's tampon. Tim. Like Zeus throws Thunderbolts tampon.


Tim throws the tampon. We love Dan Hampton. Go give him a shout out on Twitter. By the way, You have no idea how much stuff we have in this office, man. This office is like a museum of stuff people have sent us. I'm not even kidding. I don, you got this detective badge here. Secret service coins, people have sent me Renin Stimpy, happy, happy Georgia. This is from everyone. Of course, you gotta have Jesus. 'cause we love Jesus. There's Jesus. Thank you Jesus. We love you. Oh, Jesus. Gonna, the back fell apart. I wasn't using his name as vain like Jesus. Actually, the back fell off. There we go. You got the Donald Trump ball, which we're auctioning off. Don't forget, did we, by the way, do we have the auction site for that yet set up?


Yeah, this we're auction is off folks all for charity. I wanna see big bids, big bids on this one. Okay? That's his actual signature and he smudged it himself. He's, there's probably some like DNA on there or something like that. So there you go. you know, you saw it on tape. No, I mean, in a good way. I'm not talking about like Bill Clinton or anything like that, but you can check that out. And this is, he did this. This is like a Lego thing, right? This was you, right Keith, we have all, we have the rhinos, Jen Psaki. This is what my desk looks like. You'll all see it in a new studio, folks. Is this also the headline? This is a real headline. I'm having a hard time, like I saw this on Libs of TikTok believing this headline is real. So whenever I send the picture, by the way, guys, you know the rules.


If I send you a picture of a headline, right? You gotta check it out. Make sure it's real. I sent them the picture. These guys did their homework. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a real headline. Is this really the closing message? You want Newsweek? This is real, right? Just So. we don't get like this Joe Biden bites several babies at Halloween. I wasn't there, but it seems to be right. That's a real, that's a, that's a real headline. I went into the weekend, folks. This thing has totally fallen apart. I feel, I seem like I'm in a good mood today. It's because I really feel like we are about to do something so special and amazing and I wanna experience it with you, but we just have to execute.


Please. I know I'm bothering you. I know me. Haunting you to vote is a pain in the ass. Tell me in the chat, is it too much? Am I driving people crazy? I'm what am one here too? White House. Oh, oh, oh yeah. Oh, I, sorry, I totally forgot here. By the way, this is what I was talking about with the crime ap the White House altered the records of the garbage remarks. despite stenographer concerns, folks, they may have broken the law too. No ex Thank you folks. I'm just, the show's for you and I just you understand, right? It's just, I people have to have this tattooed on the back of their eyelids. If you don't vote, you let the country collapse and you were gonna have to stare your kids in the face. I don't mean to be a dick about it. I'm just telling you, I don't care what you gotta do to vote.


I had a lady send me a message on Facebook. Legit, no joke that her 86-year-old grandmother broke her hip and they wheeled her into the election booth to go vote that What's, what's our excuse? Zero. Alright, when I come back on the other side of break, I'm glad you put that up. 'cause speaking of crimes, wasn't Douglas Mackey sentenced to jail for putting out a meme joke about how to vote? Did you see what happened with Jimmy Kimmel? Did Jimmy Kimmel break the law on tv? Certainly sounds like there's a lot of misinformation about voting coming from the left. Did you guys see this?


Oh, stay tuned. Stay tuned. They weren rules, not mine. they weren rules. They're rules.


You having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. There is hope on the horizon though. Beams Dream Powder. They sent me some a long time ago to try. It's been a total game changer. See, when we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life does our way. Sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Beams Dream Powder contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athenian Agen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now, Beam is offering my listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. It's our biggest sale of the year. My listeners can shop early before anyone else. Get up to 50% off 50 when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bino and use the code bino at checkout. I get a lot of great feedback about this. You've been hearing me rave about Dream all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. Get a good night's sleep. Head on over to shop BEAM. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Enter code bonino and unlock your early access. That's shop BEAM like balance Beam. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 50% off. Thanks Beam. We appreciate our last sponsor and I back to the show.


Show you that video.


Hey, there's a lot at stake in the upcoming election. You can vote, but regardless of who's sitting in the White House and you should vote the F in. The economy's already been lit. Four years of a conservative presidency, probably not be enough to turn the tide on. $35 trillion national worth of national debt. If the left wins, forget it. You're throwing gas in a raging dumpster fire. You don't have a lot of control over the election's outcome. But you can help protect your savings by diversifying now into gold from Birch Gold Group. For millennia gold has stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals and global strife, and it can help protect you. Now Birch Gold, my gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA and physical gold. It doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. In the past four years, inflation has increases of as much as 19%. The price of gold has increased. 40% coincidence. Text Dan to 9, 8, 9 8, 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and trust Birch Gold as I do to help protect your savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply paid for by Birch Gold.


So many of you remember Doug Mackey. Doug Mackey put together a meme. It was obviously a joke about voting and Hillary Clinton It was a major, a major scandal. Not what he did, but what happened to him? Because Ev people felt like, wait, are you kidding? This is a total weaponization of government. There it is right there. It was really disgust disgusting what they did to this young man, right? And they said, oh my gosh, you can't mislead people. It's a freaking joke. But the left said the rules have changed, folks, did they not? The left said, if you make a joke about election day, that's misinformation and disinformation, and we will not figuratively, literally throw you in jail.


I'd like you to explain this joke then by Jimmy Kimmel and explain to me why Jimmy Kimmel should not be under federal investigation. And by the way, I am not kidding. I saw Matt Walsh from a Daily wire tweet this, and he's absolutely correct. If the rules are that joke memes about voting that could mislead people are crimes, then Jimmy Kimmel should absolutely 100% be investigated. I am, I am as serious as a heart attack. They wanna rewrite the rules, let 'em play by 'em. Watch this. If You can vote early, vote early. If you can't vote early, vote on time. If you wanna vote for Trump, vote late. Vote very late. Do your voting on Thursday or maybe Friday. This will be my third time voting against Donald Trump.


I I New rules kids, right? They told us them's the rules. I saw Matt Walsh tweet it and Matt is a hundred percent correct. Jimmy Kimmel. Folks in the chat, yes or no, should Kimmel go be under investigation for this? Yes or no? I'd, I'd love to see your response. Or should we or should we or should we go with the old like softy Republican bro, we have to take the high road. There's no what? High road. The high road. They're putting people's asses in jail for this. Notice how when it comes to misinformation about elections, the liberals always seem to get a pen. There we go, man, that chat, man, I wasn't even trying to break the chat today. and I think we did. Is there aing, Bino Bino? Do we have a bino bad signal?


Like can we do a bino like with a, you know, the Bapa put Bino in it and said, Bino, get on the case. I this may be the first 99.9%. Yeah, Jimmy Kimmel should be under investigation. I'm not kidding. All right, enough said on that. But you get the point. They wanna play by the new rules then let's do it. Now again, I promise you this is not one of these a-hole self praise moments. I just want you to trust me. That, that, oh, look at that. I got BOC cheto. I didn't even know We had that. The Bino signals out there for we need a Bino emoji. And then everybody can call for him in the chat too. Michael, get on the case with that. You guys are good with that stuff. Hey, I promise I'm never gonna steer you wrong.


I have no skin in the game. I, I'm looking you straight in the eye here and telling you this as a friend. I don't want anything to the, for the Trump team. I have donated six figures to their campaign. Why are you telling us that? Because I've asked you to donate. I asked you, you think I'm a, I'm a hypocrite. The amount I was, the top amount I was able to give, I gave, I'm not gonna ask you to vote. If I don't vote, I'm not gonna ask you to go out and advocate the cause and harangue 10 people to vote. If I don't do it. Nothing I'm telling you is bullshit. I will live by the same rules I ask you to live by. So when I told you about JD and a lot of you disagreed, which is fine, it's fine. I'm actually, it's good. It's good to have a healthy disagreement. I said JD is the guy.


A lot of people disagreed with me. I only told you because I had a lot of experience with him and he was always impressive. Always. I mean more than impressive. I want you to watch how this is this guy. He is, he is the trifecta. What's the trifecta in politics? Do you know what this is? It's not a golden rule, but it's up there. Looks the part acts the part talks the part. There are very few people who can do all three some look, but don't act some act but don't look some look and act, but don't talk. He looks, acts and talks. The part I want you to watch him yesterday with Joe Rogan. And this is just a completely different atmosphere. A guy comfortable anywhere.


He can sit down with Kristen Wilker and NBC and make her look like an idiot. He can sit down with tech investors and talk about Rumble or truth or, or, or the new ecosystem. But he can be funny too. That's hard to do. He loves this clip. I gotta tell you, I'm not so crazy about putting longer form clips on. But watch this with Joe Rogan doing a Kamala Harris impression. This is priceless. Check this out. I think we can Describe it. She talks in circles. Yeah, right? It's, it's like Tim Dylan says, it's like she does gypsy curses 'cause she speaks in gypsy curses. That's very good. But it's, you know, we, We need to build an opportunity economy because if Americans don't have opportunity yeah, then they're not gonna have the opportunity to be American Folks.


He's just funny and relatable. Contrast that with tampon, Tim, with the gesticulations and the high kicks. you know, when like the, the cheerleaders, they, they, they do the aerials. Woo. That, that's like tampon. Tim man, he's out there, he is doing aerials, throwing tampon. Hey, tampon for you. you know, like they have the T-shirt guns at the Miami Heat games and stuff. They said he sends out tampons. It's not even close. He wouldn't know how to load it. It, it's true. He wouldn't, he'd have no, that's a good point, Michael. If they had a tampon gun, he'd have no idea it to look just like that. Beretta shotgun. He couldn't figure. He is like, yeah, and I have had this shotgun forever. How do you load it? don? Don't know. Someone wanna help? Here's one more. Here's JD again, folks, do not underestimate this guy's ability to connect with the average voter who is a zero by four or a one by four.


I'm not talking about four by fours. Like you're all four by fours. You guys are really active. you know what I'm talking about. I just mentioned you're high propensity voters. Do not underestimate this guy's ability to interact with LP vs. Low propensity voters. And go, man, this guy's just funny. This, I thought my humble opinion was the best clip from the Rogan episode. It was about Hunter Biden. Check this out. The one thing that Republicans man that we're really, I think we got really wrong in the last few years is the anti hunter Biden stuff. I wanna go hang out with Hunter Biden. I mean, I mean by the only Republican that dude, that dude, He was like hunters without the writing talent.


That guy went hard. You gotta give it to him. I Was, and I would bet, I would bet a hundred dollars than Hunter Biden is voting for Donald Trump for president. It, well, it doesn't seem like he likes his dad. It seems like he Wanted, well I think his dad, I might, I might bet $20 on his dad voting right? For Donald Trump for president. Especially last night after the garbage comment. Oh yeah, you know, that guy is trying to help Donald Trump. You're, you're, we're gonna win. I think we're gonna win. But after we win, I'm gonna be convinced that Joe Biden was trying to help us the whole time. Well, here's, he put on the maga hat. The maga hat was crazy. It was crazy when he put on the MAGA hat in front of those guys and they all cheered and he insisted on keeping the hat and he took it with him. I think he's very, very resentful that he got ousted Yeah.


In what was essentially a coup. Yeah. And, and I'd love to know what, what happened there, by the way. Oh, I would love to know what happened. Okay, now I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do what I do on this show. I'm gonna play that content, but tell you why it matters. 'cause I'm telling you, there's a lot of confusion about this on our side. Forget the left. Forget the left. Forget them. I can't tell you how many people I saw and knew who were like, oh, Dan, we shouldn't joke about Hunter Biden. I, I I I, folks, I'm telling you, I put my, my, my head in my hand and was like, you are totally missing the point. You are totally missing the point. The Joe Rogan show viewers, which it's an enormous show if you follow the podcasting space, you we're the number one or number two conservative podcast.


His audience is probably three times. That's how big it is. It is the biggest podcast in the world. And not even a close second. His average viewer is not a high propensity voter. The only people offended, oh, we shouldn't show, are high propensity voters who've been living this for a few years. I'm sorry to say, but you gotta lighten up a little bit. The low propensity voter who only knows Hunter Biden was partying on the weekends, but has no idea about Preva bank. Por chenko. you know that 'cause you, you're really lit into politics like I am. Okay? They don't know that. They don't know.


They laughed at this. They get It was a joke. He's trying to be funny. You're totally missing the point, not you, but I'm telling you that said, oh man, we shouldn't joke about this. Let's not go to the end of the campaign with a stick up our ass. Please. That's not relatable. You sound like Kamala Harris then trying to play it safe all the time. I'm not talking about you, but you've probably seen it on Twitter. We shouldn't joke. No, we should. We should. It was a funny joke and it worked. Some jokes aren't. We saw that, but this one worked, folks, the only polls that matter now, by the way, are ballots.


Having said that, I really like this guy Eric Daughtry. I'm actually trying to get him on my radio show later today. We're gonna do, we're gonna try to get him on on election night. I kind of found him through my friend Drew and he's been a fantastic analyst and his numbers are on point. Give him a follow. Eric l Dow, D-A-U-G-H on X. Tell him we sent you please. We'd really appreciate that. I told you polls at this point don't matter. Forget him, throw 'em out. But I'd be remiss if I did not throw this one last point out there. Eric points out that the final electoral college map, based on the most accurate pollster of 2020, okay, that doesn't matter if a guy was accurate or a company was accurate, their accurate Atlas Intel that had to make their pick their final electoral college map does not look good for Kamala Harris at all.


It doesn't mean anything's over. I just wanted to throw that out there. So going into the weekend, you realize that if we execute, if we execute, this is what you guys have the actual map there. Look at this. They have it at three 12. This is the most accurate pollster of 2020. Atlas Intel three 12 Trump, Kamala Harris, 2 26. But look at this map. Atlas Intel has him taken ar Trump taken. Arizona, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Georgia, basically every swing state out there. Oh, Nevada to folks, this is a bad map for them. The only way to make this map happen is to do what? Execute, execute And.


folks, I hear these Democrats saying, oh, bring someone with you. That's not good enough. I'm sorry. That's not good enough. 10 people. That's the minimum. If you're not willing to do it, you're not willing to win. I'm not kidding when I tell you 10 people, it's not some number I pulled outta my ass. I'm telling you You know 10 people who are on the fence and may not vote. You need to drag them out and go make sure they vote for Trump. There are gonna be people who stay home. A car tire is gonna pop. The kid's gonna get sick. No excuses. Everybody get out and vote because the left is all bullshit all the time. Everything they tell you is fake and phony. Listen, this clip is more for the Bongino show.


I'm gonna put this out there for you. I'm gonna tell you in advance the problem I love this clip by, it's a favorite clip of the show. It's the great Joe Kerin at CNBC, who has just been destroying liberal bullshit on CNBC. I'm, I love this guy, don. Don't think I've ever even met him, but this guy is incredible. Liberals go on CNBC, I think thinking they're gonna get a free pass. Phil Murphy, the communist governor of New Jersey, made a big mistake going on CNBC thinking he's gonna get a pass. And Joe Kerin absolutely eats his lunch, eats this guy's lunch. This is a clip designed for you guys. It's not sound biteable at all, but it's about a minute long. But you guys who are knee deep will understand why this explains perfectly why you should never vote for a leftist.


They never tell you the truth. you know what we stand for? Cost-effective tax cuts, economic growth, regulatory reform, school choice, patient directed healthcare, you know, school accounts. We control, you know, everything. We stand for strong national defense backing our military, backing our cops. You will. The left never tells you. Watch Phil Murphy. He's asked a simple question by Joe Kernan. What Kamala Harris policy do you support? This guy's the communist governor of New Jersey. You, you would think this would be easy. He can't name a single thing.


This is glorious. This is actually my favorite clip of the day. Check this out. You like Kamala Harris, not just against, so what, what are, let me ask you, do you believe we should abolish the filibuster? And you can answer a after i I do a cut. How about getting rid of private insurance? How about taxing unrealized gains? How about nationalizing energy? How about mandatory gun buybacks like Australia? How about decriminalizing illegal crossings, ending cash bail, child, gender, reassignment surgery being paid for in, in prison? I mean, what, what, what are your raising the corporate tax rate?


What are your favorite proposals from Kamala Harris that make you like her so much? Which of those do you, So for a jersey guy, you, you for a jersey guy, you sound like you're on the Trump campaign for crying out loud. Come on, Man. Okay, well, which of those do you, you're cherry cherry picking stuff. Which of those do you like? Which of those do you like? Which of those are you in? Are you in favor of vening? The filibuster? We we'll go one by one. Yeah, you in, are you It it, it is. I'm not sure on the filibuster, honestly, but I, I I think getting fair Tax. So you're not gonna talk about any specifics makes of what? What's that? I said I, I think fair tax policy is what Does that mean? Fair? What does that mean? Fair, fair, fair Means you pay you, you pay what you should pay.


Do, do, do you see my point? This is why this show is, is number one in live streaming every single day. I make these points over and over and then they just feed us information. We feed back into this positive feedback loop. Well, what's the point? What have I been telling you for the last six months? The Democrats lie to you about everything. You just saw it on video. Granted, it's not an easy soundbite. You gotta be kind of wonky to get what's happening there. But the point is, simple. Every single thing that Democrats plan on doing to you, transgender sex surgeries in prison, unrealized capital gains taxes, dumping the filibuster, no one will go on video and actually say, yes, we wanna do it.


Why? Because they're embarrassed. They know their tyrants. Well, Dan, they're probably not gonna do it and that's why No. Or else he would say, nobody's gonna do that. He won't say it. And then you catch the end. My favorite argument of all, oh, pay your fair share. What's the fair share? Joe Kernan asked him. It's the share of fairness. The fairness of the sharedness. It's the sharedness of the fair. He should sing like a Doris sign. Explode. We pay your fair share. Door boots said super cool. Exploratory. Pay your fair share. They don't have shit. They don't have shit. They won't say anything.


What are you voting for? Ask your liberal friends. What are you voting for? I'll give you, I'll give you this. You wanna kill babies? Yes. That is definitely your party. Donald Trump is not for a national abortion ban. I personally am pro-life conception of natural death. I'll give you a, you wanna kill babies through nine months. If that's the only issue you care about at all. You don't care about your kids'. Education, healthcare, the economy, natural debt, national debt, China, anything. Then I can't help you, you, you. What else are you voting for us? I'm, I'm serious. They won't say anything. You're gonna tax unrealized capital gains. Phil. Phil Murray's like, ah, I'm not really sure we're gonna do it. Mark Cuban. No, we're not gonna do that. Kamala Harris. Yes, we're gonna do that. We love fracking.


Kamala Harris said, we hate fracking. No, but then she said, we love it. But then she said, we hate it. They lie. They're full of shit. They lie to you about everything all the time. So folks, I'm not done yet, by the way. Don't go. I gotta, this is important. You want some, I always go to, I, I know the limits of my own knowledge on this show. That's important, right? And only smart ass thinks they know everything. and I certainly don't. So, regarding political tactics, I saw this tweet yesterday by our friend Eric, and he put out some early markers on election night. Are you by the way, who's spending election night with us? Folks in the chat, let me know. I need you there. Spread the word Rumble dot com slash bonino.


It is free. It is free. It is free. I'm gonna make this really easy for you. Go to the App store super easy. Download the Rumble app. Can you make the app number one in news? We would really appreciate it. Download the Rumble app. You'll get a notification when I go live at 7:30 PM Eastern Time ish. May go a little early, a little later, depending on, we got a whole bunch of technical stuff we're working on. We will be at Oak and Ember in Stewart, Florida, in downtown Stewart celebrating election night. It's a ticketed event, but it's gonna be a blast. But I wanna know pretty early what we should be looking for, right? Some people gotta go to bed. Kids gotta go to school the next day. So seven 30 by 9 30 10, I'd like to have an idea if we're in good or bad shape.


Correct. So, because you and I are into metrics and we're not into bullshit like Phil Murphy, what's the fair share? Give us a number bro. I want a number. So Eric Daughtry put this tweet out with some stuff we'll be paying attention to. He says I'll send this out on election night, but here's how to read the results. So he notes correctly. Obviously states count votes differently in different orders. I told you it's not a national election, it's a series of state elections, right? Trump will lead Virginia. He notes early in the night. It will. That happens all the time. Okay? Florida will be the most democratic earlier in the night because that's the mail-in and early vote drop before the election day drop. So let's get that out of the way. Don't jump to any conclusion in Virginia.


Trump's up 11. Disregard that Florida don't pay any attention until like 20, 30, 40, 50% of the votes counted. Okay, so good. We wanna know what not to pay attention to too. 'cause I don't want people getting all excited. Okay? He says don't read it as a horse race. You basically, you wanna play in a long game that night. But he says for instance, this is a good one to pay attention to. Allegheny County, Pennsylvania should have their vote in pretty quick. you know it's watch it. If Trump is out doing 2016 there with most of the vote in safe to say, 'cause he won in 2016. So if he's doing better, safe to say his odds rise in Pennsylvania. So we'll be keeping our eyes on that. We'll be communicating with some people, hopefully Eric included throughout the night.


We'll keep our eyes on that. He wrote the New York Times Needle. you know that needle? Chances of winning, forget it just for, I'm just telling you, he's saying too. Be very skeptical of shit like that. And he's got some more stuff in the tweet as well. He says, watch Georgia, North Carolina for statewide results first. Pennsylvania, be slower. He said, obviously watch Wisconsin, Michigan and the West Coast swing states. They'll take a little bit longer too. But here's the takeaway. Georgia and North Carolina will set the tone for the night. If Trump is absolutely thrashing in North Carolina and Georgia, that bodes well for Pennsylvania and other battlegrounds. This is invaluable information. This is the kind of stuff on election night.


We're gonna have our panelists, Mike, Ben, Julie Kelly, Savannah Hernandez, Adam Gillette, we're gonna have a bunch of political analysis going on, crossover with Steven Crowder. This is the kind of stuff we need to be paying attention to folks. It's really important. I wanna play this one last clip for you. 'cause going into the weekend, I don't wanna scare you, but if we lose a selection, ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you right now, you better hire a lawyer if you are a prominent conservative. I am not kidding. These people are coming for you. They've done it before. They've got a record record of weaponizing government. I really like this commentator on social media. Peter St. An, she does economics a lot. He's not like a fireball guy to, but his point is real here.


What they did to Elon, they will do to you if we lose. I want you to listen to this, check this out. Recently, Elon Musk, a talk detailing the government attacks on his companies since he came out as pro free speech and especially since he came out as pro Donald Trump. These include endless made up environmental rules, including a study to see if falling rockets hit. Sharks includes curbs on SpaceX launches specifically because Elon tweets pro-Trump things and it includes a $600,000 fine for spilling drinking water in a desert. Not a joke. Attacking dissident companies, of course, is a hallmark of authoritarian regimes. As Mussolini put it, quote, everything within the state, nothing outside the state, nothing against the state for a true authoritarian, no citizen is allowed to dissent and certainly no company which are sitting ducks.


Of course, in theory, this sort of thing does not happen in America. In theory, we jail bureaucrats who conduct Mussolini style law, fair ala. It has been going on ever since the progressives impose the administrative state about a hundred years ago. Saddling now every industry in America with a regime, big brother, a library worth of regulations, mandates, licensing boards, a bureaucratic army that like everything government does is thoroughly corrupt. Chief Robin Brooks in the chat in all caps, do not underestimate the left and the DNC Chief Robin Brooks, you are a hundred percent correct. Do not underestimate their capacity for malfeasance.


Here's what we're gonna tell you going into the weekend. You should feel really good smile this weekend, but work. Make sure you're hustling and getting 10 people out. We can pop this champagne Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday morning, okay? This isn't the time for it. Enjoy yourself. You still live in the greatest country on earth. Your kids, your God, your church, your community matter. And if we lose, nobody's leaving America like these coward, chump left. We are leaving America going. No one's doing that. But we have a chance right now. We are in amazing shape. To change this country, you just need to do one thing. You just need to execute and I promise. If you do and bring 10 people in this audience, I promise you we'll win.


Folks, please download the Rumble app. Do us one favor too. The media's been watching us on Spotify. I'm not trying to be silly about it. It's true. Help us jump on Spotify today just to piss them off. Go to Spotify, look for the Dan, Bongino Show. Give us a follow on Apple podcast too. It really seems to bother 'em that we're on that platform. Kicking ass. Read the Read the Slate article. It's hilarious. I'll see you on the radio show here in Rumble a little bit, and back here on Monday at 11:00 AM See you them. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.