
Here we go. Welcome to VINCE. And today we look at the Dying Democrat Party. Is it possible to finish them off completely? We'll take a look at all of the emerging stories on that. Chuck Schumer is panicking for his entire career right now, and so much more all ahead on a Washington DC edition of VINCE is coming up.


One thing we conservatives believe in is self-reliance, taking responsibility for your own wellness, your family, and your future. But when my sleep was off, it actually felt like I couldn't show up. I felt like I couldn't as my best self. This is why I'm so excited to share something that's made a real difference in my life. Beams Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America, run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. Dream is a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients shown to help improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients, including Reishi, magnesium, L-Theanine, apigenin, and Melatonin Plus Dream tastes incredible. Just had it Saturday night. I was like, man, I got, I need some help getting to sleep. I wanna have good sleep. Just drank the dream powder. It was so good. Here's the deal. Beam is giving my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 40% off. You can try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show and use the code VINCE Show at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/ VINCE Show and use the code VINCE show for up to 40% off support an American company. Invest in yourself and start getting your best sleep tonight.


Oh man, it is a rough time to be a Democrat. Thank God. I'm so glad to see them struggling and don't you just wanna see them just get finished off entirely. Look, I know it's good to have kind of a balance between the parties. Everyone's debating things out and fighting their way forward and, And it's good, it's good to have your ideas tested in order to improve them, but that's not what the Democrats are doing. The Democrats have been insane. They have no idea how to break away from that insanity, and now their party is suffering as a result of it. We'll talk about that in great detail today on VINCE. But first, I, I know Dan Bonino always made a tradition to talk about his weekend. I'll tell you a little bit about mine. I came back from Florida and Silver Lock Studios over the weekend.


Had a fantastic time with the team down in Florida, spending some time with Avita and Hailey and Paula Bonino and all the guys who make this broadcast work every day. They're still doing it now from Florida. I'm back here in Washington DC I'm broadcasting today from ready for this. The Rumble Studios. This thing is heavier than it looks. I thought this was plastic when I arrived here. It's not. This is, that's metal Ready bonk. You hear that? I don't even know if you can hear him. Yeah, there you go. A little bit of that metal sound hitting the microphone. That big boy right there. Big Rumble logo. That's pretty cool. That's the award that they give creators for when they, what, what's the threshold?


A hundred thousand. So when you get to a hundred thousand, apparently the Rumble creators get this bad boy with their own channel inscribed on it. We're at, what are we at? 3.53 million. So I think there's a Rumble private jet parked somewhere outside for us to use. So that's pretty cool. And then what else happened this weekend? Oh, I was getting ready for the show today, in the middle of the night last night. I haven't even talked to my wife about this. My, I guess she probably heard it. 3:00 AM The smoke alarm chirp started going off in my house. That's right. One of the batteries was dying in a smoke detector last night. And I don't know about you. I cannot sleep when that thing is going at all. So I, I was bumbling around the house. I'm carrying a ladder at three o'clock in the morning looking for a smoke detector.


You have to wait every 30 seconds for these things to go off. Finally, Heep. And I was like, oh, there it is. It's in, it's right there in the guest room. So I went in there and I, I literally just took the battery out, disconnected the whole thing, unplugged it from the ceiling. Yes, that room is now especially vulnerable to fire for the moment. But I will be replacing the battery. But I don't know how people go with those things chirping. How do you just leave them people months on end? No baby, no 3:00 AM in the morning. I'm answering that call. I'm answering that call. Hey, let's, let's talk about these Democrats. And by the way, if, if you wanna jump in on the Rumble chat today, happy to take your comments from all around our great planet and across our great country today. Here's the thing about these Democrats.


They do not know what to do with President Trump. They have no idea. And this morning, Axios, you know Axios, one of the playbooks of Washington dc they have a big piece up today, fellas, if you go to axios.com right now is right there at the top of their, of their page. You can see this, it, it says Behind the curtain Democrats dark deep hole that they're in top. Democrats tell us their party is in its deepest hole in nearly 50 years. And they fear things could actually get worse. The party has its lowest favorability rating ever. In fact, I was telling you a number last week, among the people who have a high favorability of the Democrats, according to NBC 7%, just 7% of respondents say that they have a highly favorable view of the Democrats.


That's basically nobody, 7% all of whom hit their head somewhere. Also, no popular national leader to help improve it. None. If, if I were to wake you up in the middle of the night like a fire alarm, like a, a smoke detector and say, who's the leader of the Democrats? You would've no idea. Nobody does. Nobody does. A OC wants to be the leader. We could talk about that coming up. She desperately does. She's on, she's doing a road tour with Bernie Sanders right now where they're trying to convince everybody that she's the new leader of the party. They have insufficient numbers to stop most legislation in Congress, right? That means they don't have the majorities in both houses, which is good. They have a durable minority on the Supreme Court, whatever durable means.


But the idea is that the constitutionalists, for the most part control most of the agenda of the court and the radical leftists. While there aren't enough of them to upset the court's procedures right now, they have, this is one of my favorites actually, I think this is my favorite. They have dwindling influence over the media ecosystem with right-leaning podcasters and social media accounts. Ascendants. You hear that we are ascendant. And as a result, the left doesn't know what to do. They don't know what to do. They don't control Rumble, they don't control this podcast. They don't control any of it. And it infuriates them that they can't control it because they really would like to shut you down right now.


They'd like to shut you down and they can't. Thank God. So this is, the left is panicking because we are ascendant. And just to remind people, just so they have some sense of what that means, how ascendant we are, first of all, Rumble to its great credit is, is doing a full day of programming every hour it seems. We've got somebody else who's slotted in, who's getting all of these amazing viewers who are coming in to watch these programs. And that's by Design Rumble wants to make it so that there is just a constant stream of programming available to you. So if you came to this show from a Vita's great program, you'll be leaving this show at the conclusion of it to head off to Stephen Crowder's great program if you're watching on Rumble, which is good.


And the whole point of this is to create a counterbalance to the dominance that the left has in the media. Rumble very much succeeding in doing that. And last week, each of our successive shows, you look at the numbers, pretty sure they were all number one in the entire United States for each hour that they were on. That includes, of course, this program, 10:00 AM Eastern number one, all week long. And we had an amazing week, by the way, thank you for all your support. It's just fantastic. I, everyone Rumble rocks great lineup. Some of the chat coming through, we call Ascendants, telling the Truth says Vincent LaGuardia. Yeah, thank you for that. That's right. The, the truth is ascendant.


That is true. Last week we had Tucker Carlson on the program. We had the Vice President of the United States, JD Vance here, and we also had Donald Trump Jr. Offer just such fascinating interviews. Did you see the media coverage that ensued as a result of all of those interviews? In particular, the Vice President's interview last week. Jimmy Kimmel's show was attacking us last week. They decided to, to go after us. They were angry that the vice president was even on this ascendant platform talking to us. And then the Gutfeld show on Friday, Greg Gutfeld very highly rated comedy show on Friday night. They did an entire panel segment talking about the vice president's interview right here.


I know that Newsmax was featuring interviews. There were, if you just go online and you search this program, you will be floored by the amount of media coverage we're getting right now for all of these great interviews and great conversations. So thank you. You are a part of that. That's the the reason why all this is getting attention. It's the reason why all these guys are coming. Jade Creek says, yeah, VINCE has arrived. If Jimmy Kimmel's harassing him, yeah, yeah. You know, you're over the target. You, you, you know, you're precisely over the target. Kimmel was furious about that. All right, so great week behind us, great weeks ahead of us. I've got, I do have some really great guests coming up, no announcements yet, but I promise you, if you like the caliber of the guest last week, you are gonna love the caliber of the guests that we have coming up.


But right back now to this Axios piece on these Democrats who are struggling and why they're struggling. So We got the, the podcasters, the right-leaning podcasters who are ascendant. The truth is ascendant. Young voters are growing dramatically more conservative. They point out that's true. Do you know any young people lately? Have you talked to them? Are you one of them? Do you have friends around you who are talking about politics at all? Have you noticed that reason is prevailing among the youngest generation? Yeah. Not hard to see why when you see boys playing girl sports, that's kind of a radicalizing experience, isn't it? You know, when you are told moment by moment, hey, buy a Tesla, and then eventually the next Big Mo, the next moment is no attack.


A Tesla. That kind of schizophrenic approach to politics is driving young people away who are very skeptical of the left now and thankfully. So they point out that the Senate map is terrible for Democrats going into 2026. That's true. Democrats have a much more difficult mountain to climb in 2026. Democrat Senate retirements are making it harder for the party to flip the house with members being tempted by statewide races. In other words, as Democrats leave the Senate, Democrat members of Congress, well, they see themselves on an upward trajectory. Now's my chance. I can run for Senate, I can have the big seat. I can be like Adam Schiff going in there in California.


And so these, these Democrats, they all wanna be senators in, in fact, they all wanna be president, but they just see the Senate as a stepping stone for that. So that that disrupts them as well. They write that there are only three house Republicans in districts that former vice President Harris even won in 2024. A dim sign for a Democrat surge. There were 23 8 years ago in seats that Hillary Clinton won. And thanks to the number of people fleeing blue states, the math for a Democrat to win the presidency is getting harder in 2030, is getting harder in 2030. And they're even projecting forward that the next census could result in Democrats losing a ton of congressional seats.


So, so we'll see it. That also of course, comes down to who's actually doing the counting. You know, because remember what they did with the last census in 2020? You recall you had Democrat states were given padded districts that commensurate with their actual numbers. They were given extra seats. Republicans were shorted seats, red states were shorted seats in the last census. So we'll see what happens in 2030. As always, with the left, it comes down to who's counting the votes, or in this case, who's counting the population in these various states. So given that picture, given that Democrats are in this disarray right now about the state of their party, there's a tremendous amount of infighting going on. Chuck Schumer as the leader of the Democrats in the Senate, as you well know, and he is, he's unliked by his party because he decided to surrender to President Trump in order to keep the government open.


Democrats wanted to shut the government down. Their, their policy was like, Hey, why don't we just shut the government down? And Chuck Schumer, who spent years saying, we can't shut down the government, that's the worst thing that could ever happen. He was on one of the Sunday shows this weekend, and his rhetoric has now reached the cartoonish level of democracy is at risk. Take a look. Here's Chuck Schumer. Do you agree? Is the United States in a constitutional crisis? Yes, I do. Kristen and democracy is at risk. Donald Trump is a lawless angry man. He thinks he should be king. He thinks he should do whatever he wants regardless of the law. And he thinks judges should just listen to him.


Now we have to fight that back in every single Way. He's not a respecter of democracy. Democracy is at risk, says Chuck Schumer. Now, what could he mean by that? What could he mean by that? Well, first of all, as you well know, we're not actually a direct democracy. We're a constitutional republic. But yeah, there are democratic principles that that uphold the whole system. And so if you're a great respecter of democracy, what would that mean in terms of ballot access? Would you allow your political opponent to appear on a ballot or not? You would allow them great respecters of democracy would allow their political opponents to appear on ballots.


What did Democrats do in the last election? They tried to stop Trump from being on the ballot, right? So in places like Colorado, Maine, they said, you're not allowed on this ballot. Of course, in the end, president Trump victorious, he's on the ballot, but he is not alone. Democrats also tried to stop RFK Jr back when he was running against Biden from appearing on the ballot. They fought tooth and nail to prevent their political opponents from even appearing on the ballot. So not a great respecter of democracy. Do great respecters of democracy allow their political opponents to engage in free speech? Well, yeah. I mean, it's right there in the First Amendment. You would assume that you would do that if you were a great respecter of democracy. Do Democrats do that?


No, they don't. Democrats their posture, including towards people like President Trump and yes, RFK once again, and you, the American people, should you express things that they completely disagree with. They will lean on their allies in the big tech industry in order to censor you, to keep you from conveying those thoughts and opinions, or are having free and open debate. So no, they're not great respecters of democracy. Of course, they also imprison their political opponents. That includes just grandmas singing church hymns in wheelchairs outside of abortion mills. Or they wanna put the guy who would enter, who was the 45th and is now the 47th president of the United States in jail. They wanna put 'em behind bars.


Not great respecters of democracy. In fact, they have utter contempt for the Democratic principles of this country. Rely on the voters to render a judgment. No, never, never. That can't be allowed. So, so Chuck Schumer, of course, is a cartoon character. Nancy Pelosi is one of the people who's been calling for Chuck Schumer. Well, she hasn't said it out loud. This is the, the most Nancy Pelosi thing ever. She wants Chuck Schumer to step down. Whatever happened to Chuck and Nancy, whatever happened to that, remember how, how splendidly they got along. They used to stand together and do those hostage videos back during the first Trump presidency. Nowadays, things are a little icy because Schumer kept the government open.


He was like, okay, I'll side with Trump on this one thing. I'm gonna side with Trump. And Nancy Pelosi is now casting shade at him for doing that. She's angry about this. She, according to the New York Post, Pelosi jabs Schumer over controversial vote to avoid government shutdown. Quote, I myself don't give away anything for nothing. She said, throwing shade at Chuck Schumer. Haven't you seen this before? What this looks like this. Remember what happened with Joe Biden? Joe Biden, the octogenarian president of the United States. As soon as Nancy Pelosi felt like she was done with him, she just started going out in public and saying it in so many words.


She's like, well, you know, it's his decision, but he already made his decision. Remember that? Remember that sequence? Biden was like, I'm staying in the presidency. And she would come out and she would do an interview, she'd be on Morning Joe or something, and she'd say, well, it's his decision. I'm gonna let him make a decision. What do you mean let him make, he made a decision. He said he is staying wasn't good enough for her. And she shanked him. She'd throw him out, she'd throw him out. Is Chuck Schumer next? We'll see these Democrats, they're fighting amongst themselves. In a moment, I'm gonna show you one Democrat congressman who says that his party has completely lost its way. He, he, he's beside himself. He has no idea what his idiotic party is doing. They're spending all that time in the wilderness.


They're in Siberia right now, and hopefully they stay there. More on that in just a moment. But first, in order to keep all of this free, I have to tell you about our great sponsors.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the difference. Every dollar you spend supports a company that believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and our first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US-based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan. Right now, you just go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you will get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot Love Patriot Mobile. Absolutely wonderful.


Alright, so, so here's what we have. We have Democrats in disarray, and I wanna play for you now. This is of now former Congressman from Minnesota, Dean Phillips. You'll remember Dean Phillips, if you, if you don't remember him well, you might remember that he was like the one Democrat who was like, I want a primary Joe is him and RFK, essentially, I wanna primary Joe Biden. And the party stopped him. They said, you're not allowed. You're not allowed. We have designated Joe for now to be our nominee. And then eventually, of course, they would designate Kamala Harris to have that role. But Dean Phillips was on TV this weekend and he said, my party has lost its damn mind. Take a look. Don't recognize my party.


I don't recognize its principles. I surely don't see any leadership. I don't want to give full credit to President Trump for breaking the Democratic Party, but it surely is in disarray and most importantly, completely rudderless. And what I saw my governor and friend Tim Walls say today was appalling. And I, I don't want it to mean any individual directly, but I'm just shocked that someone who should know better read the room so poorly. I liked him for a long time. Yeah, I I, but this is nonsense. And by the way, and just as you said earlier, what you, what you said about cheering the dem, the, the tanking of Tesla stock, you know, not only does that hurt a lot of Minnesotans who have their money and pension funds, it hurts Tesla employees.


This is one of the, one of the world's foremost innovative companies based in the United States of America. No elected official should ever demean an American company like that. It's nonsensical. And then to call him a South African Nepo baby, he's an American citizen for 20 years, he's built some of the most extraordinary companies in the world. And call him what you will, you can disagree with his initiative, Doja. But my goodness, doja, you know, for my party to be con should be condemning it, should not be celebrating it. I'm really appalled right now, and shocked, shocked, Shocked and appalled. He's shocked and appalled, which is a play on my phrase, which is, I'm not shocked, but I am appalled by the left's behavior.


I always am. Right? This is funny coming. Dean Phillips telling the truth here. His party completely gone. You do wonder, is there a moment where Dean Phillips becomes one of the latest Democrats decide, wait a second, I'm with the Trump, I'm just gonna join Republicans. Now maybe Dean Phillips is one of those guys. We'll see. But here's the thing about, about what he's describing. Doesn't it feel like the Democrats are like the insane asylum that's just been released on the country? Like right now it feels like to the extent that they have a constituency at all, this is like, you know, in every Batman comic book, eventually the Joker opens up the gates to Arkham asylum and just releases all the criminals into the city.


And then they're just running wreaking havoc on everything. Does kind of feel like that's where we are right now. Because Democrats in their powerlessness become more hysterical and more dangerous by the minute. What Dean Phillips is talking about here is that Tim Walls, who thank God is not the vice president of the United States right now, last week on a stage, indicated that he loves watching Tesla's stock price go down. And the reason Tesla stock price is going down is because left wing terrorists are attacking people who own Teslas. That's why that's happening right now. And I love, and, and the, the establishment left the, the, the chin tugging left who sit inside of green rooms and go on television.


They like to say things like, oh, well the only reason Tesla's stock price is going down is because people don't have faith in Elon. They don't wanna support Elon because he's wreaking havoc to the country. He's causing all this damage. Of course, Elon's doing no such thing. Elon is a part of an effort to make the government more efficient to save taxpayers money. And so it's being dramatically misconstrued in an effort to demonize him, which is the same old Alinsky tactics we've always seen out of the left. They really just want to turn people against Elon because of his effectiveness. That's what this is. And so Tim Walls on a stage last week was celebrating the demise of Tesla's stock price.


Now to be clear, Tesla has not actually collapsed in value compared to a year ago. It's still higher than it was one year ago this time. But yes, in the short term, it's taken a hit. And the reason for that is you're watching terrorist attacks take place against Tesla's. And people who either own Teslas, who or who might be inclined to buy one, are very nervous about this. I was just, just this weekend I was out with my family. I was walking through a parking lot and there was a Tesla parked there. And on the back of the Tesla was one of these, this is in the Washington DC area. On the back of the Tesla was one of these stupid bumper stickers that said, I bought this Tesla before Elon went crazy. That's what the bumper sticker said.


I bought this Tesla before Elon went crazy. You know what that sticker really is? It's a mark. It's don't hurt my car. It's, it is one left winger telling another, please don't destroy my vehicle. I realize that you are filled with blind rage by merely seeing a Tesla right now. But I am begging you not to attack my car, not to attack my car. Oh, and this what we're showing on screen right now. This is my grok version of what I think would be a cool bumper sticker. I bought this after Elon took the red pill. Don't you think that'd be good? Are there other, are there other stickers you guys can come up With in the chat that we can put on Teslas now that would say, yeah, I bought this Tesla after Elon was cool.


I bought this Tesla after Elon saved free speech. I bought this Tesla after Elon took the red pill. It is amazing though, that really you have lefties Democrats who are putting stickers on their car to beg other Democrats not to destroy it. Not to destroy it. In fact, fellas, I've got some clips here. I wanna show you these just a, just a smattering of clips. These Tesla vehicles don't tread on me. I love that. Don't tread on me as an old standby. You can always go with that. My pronouns are armed and dangerous as Felix the cat. 1, 2, 3. I identify as a to a Toyota hernia groin says that. I love that one.


I've, I've seen that one online. I'm a libtard too, says shy girl 24. That's really funny. I love that I can afford this now that Doge saved me. Money says screwball. These are good. We might, we might have to all have to go into business together. We gotta get a bumper sticker operation going for these Teslas also, nowadays, you don't even need to stick it to the car anymore. You can just do a magnet so you can rotate them out. I don't who was the guy who first came up with, hey, we don't have to actually put a sticker on the car like a hippie. You can just throw a magnet on that. That was a revolutionary idea when that first started. Yeah, I remember after nine 11, that was a big thing. People putting lots of magnets on the back of their cars.


Really Great. Alright, so lots of good ideas coming in the chat here about what to stick on the back of your Tesla. But let's take a look at some of these videos. These are just a bunch of random videos. This is all from just this weekend. Look at this. So here's a guy, once again, they all think they're so sneaky. Oh, nobody's gonna see me. I'm between two cars. You're a moron, you're on camera. The Tesla is surrounded by security cameras. Look at him, scraping into the side of the car. And now of course, as he backs up, guess what? Guess what happens? His license plate will be visible to the car. These people are, if you're gonna have enemies, here we go. Look, oh look, it's his license plate number. It's just, just rolling away.


If you're gonna have enemies, may they be complete morons, right? May they, may they be absolute idiots. Let's see, another one of these, these, these, and there's tons of these videos coming out because every one of these, there's another guy I don't know who covered up the license plate that we didn't do that. That was covered up in the original video. But look, this is a Tesla. They've got all this video footage they can give right to the cops. Look at this moron just scraping the side of the car. Who really, what would you do if you saw somebody, if you arrived back in your car and you saw somebody digging their key into the side of it? Just absolutely destroying, these are valuable cars.


These are, I know that some of them are a little, a little cheaper, but any vehicle, it's a, it's a big investment for anybody to have a car like that. Some of those Teslas really get up there in price. And there you go. You've got, you've got more of these guys scraping cars. Here's one. Let's see. Thank you fellas. I know we're, we're opening up all these clips. Show me the video here in this one. The Tesla Model y being vandalized. It looks like some of the images from the Tesla vehicle that you can actually see in this. There's the, there's the suspect. Look at him in his pajama pants. He hasn't showered in weeks.


You can tell I can smell that guy from here. And I'm watching it through like four different filters right now. So he gets close to the car and scratch all the way down. All the way down. Look at these guys. Unbelievable. Anyway, so the, the terror attacks continue, the vandalism continues. Lefties putting stickers on the back of their cars. Trying to stop you from doing that. Please don't hurt me. Please don't hurt me. I'm a Democrat too. It, it's pathetic actually. Completely disgraceful. Completely disgraceful. Lemme see if any of anything else on this Tesla stuff for you. 'cause it does, it, it, it seems like there's a lot here.


You know, one of the, one of the other big pieces here is Pam Bondi, the Attorney General of the United States didn't announce going into the weekend that they have made a number of arrests. It turns out the majority of the early arrests were transgender people. Are you surprised to find that out? Maybe that guy in the pajama pants who didn't shower, maybe he identifies as a woman or something. But that has been the case. The majority of the three out of the four, so 75% of the suspects that were arrested and, and hit with charges that could put up to 20 years in prison were transgender. So trans CFA is on the move once again across the country and the left keeps breathing life into it, acting like it's, it's totally normal.


More on that in a moment. I, I do have to say, what you can hear here is that we are in a turbulent time, aren't we? Yes, we are. We're in a turbulent time, a good time, but it has some turbulence and you're seeing daily policy changes that have a massive impact on the global and national economy. And that can be scary, the uncertainty of it. But what can you do to protect your savings right now? You can diversify, diversify a portion of your savings into gold with the help of Birch Gold Group. I just spoke


with them the other day. And Birch Gold specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA or a 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold or silver for no money out of pocket. Just listen to this five star review. Knowledgeable, helpful, non-pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold and that's why I'm very proud to endorse them. Start by getting your free info kit on Gold. It's just an info kit. Just text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you your free info kit. There really is no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star reviews. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and let the experts at Birch Gold help you protect your future today with gold message and data rates apply.


Also, did you know that Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. You can order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a couple of days. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your LA landscape. You know, I just being, I, I live in the DC era area and right now is cherry blossom season. The cherry blossoms are all coming out. And one of the things I have in my yard that I like, I've got a couple of yoshino cherry blossom trees that I adore. They're the ones that are like Stark White. When they're in full bloom, you see them on the edge of the Tidal Basin. They're gorgeous. So fast growing trees is helping me out. They're sending me a yosh yoshino cherry blossom, which I can't wait to plant. I can't wait to add another one to the yard every year at this time. It's just the most beautiful site and I'm, I'm adding to it. So it's super exciting. This spring, they've got the best deals for your yard, up to half off on select plans and other deals and listeners to this program. Viewers to this program can get 15% off their first purchase when you use the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com using the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plan. Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


Yeah, yeah, you've got, yeah, Tim Walls last week rooting on the destruction of Tesla and which is idiotic for a bunch of reasons. But one of them is that the state's pension fund is heavily invested in Tesla. So the governor of the state is hurting his own people and cheering it on. Now, I noticed over this weekend, he tried to walk this back calling for Tesla's demise. He's, he was trying to desperately backpedal. He was standing on another stage and he said it was a joke. It was a joke. And he accused Republicans of having no sense of humor. But additionally, he said that if Elon Musk really cared about people, that Elon would be standing out on the street handing out money.


That that's it. That's the only way Elon can express his support for other people. Not to make the government less tyrannical, not to make it more efficient not to have it. So the government stop stealing so much money from you, which is of course why I'm happy Elon's in this position. But instead that he should be standing on a street corner handing out dollar bills. That's the way that he would improve the country, is that not the most left wing sort of communist thought process you've ever heard. Like the only way that you could possibly improve someone's life if you just is, if you hand out money, that's it. They wanna take money from Elon and give it to everybody else. That's their big plan for saving the country.


How does that usually work? This collectivist impulse that the left is always wielding, not too well, it turns out not too well at all. This mental illness is all over the place. Whether it's Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Tim Walls lefties, who are scratching up Teslas in the middle of city streets. It's also overseas, at least for the moment. Ross O'Donnell, that was a terrible Irish accent. Ross O'Donnell is in Ireland right now, and she claims she fled. I don't think that it will be our good fortune for her to stay there forever. I think she's merely pretending like she wants to stay there forever at the moment. And she just did a television show in Ireland where she's conspiracy theorizing about how President Trump won the last election to become the 47th president of the United States.


Take a listen, take a listen to the now much older than we're used to seeing her. CO Donald, You know, a lot of people did vote for him. Yes. Do you accept their their right to do that in their opinion, often? Well, I respect their right to do that. I question why the first time in American history, a president has won every swing state and is also best friends. And his largest donor was a man who owns and runs the internet. What? So I would hope that that would be investigated and that we would see whether or not it was an anomaly or something else that happened on election night in America when Kamala Harris was filling up stadiums with people who supported her and why Donald Trump was not able to do that.


So it it, it's curious to me, and as an American and a believer in democracy, I would hope that we would be able to look at all of the reasons why this happened in our country. I would hope that we would be able to look at all of the reasons why, why Donald Trump was elected. Now yet again as a, just to start with that final thought. Yeah, I would hope that Americans would sit back if they're confused about this and really think long and hard. How is it that Donald Trump keeps getting elected? Why is it that that keeps happening? Maybe I should take an inventory of my personal views and establish what might be wrong about my thinking that that would lead to this outcome.


Perhaps a little bit of introspection is an order, but that's not what you're hearing from Rosie. Only Rosie, that's not what you're hearing from Rosie. What did Rosie say? Rosie said that this was the first presidential election where, where someone won all of the swing states. She just made that offer at the top of her. Made that up right off the top of her head. I'll remind you that Ronald Reagan won 49 states, which if, if you're shocked by the Trump victory, wait until you find out about Ronald Reagan's victory. Rosie O'Donnell Reagan won 49 states. What else did she say in this clip? She said that, oh, that Elon Musk controls the internet.


The whole internet. Elon Musk controls the whole internet. Can you believe it? Now, that might come as a surprise to Elon Musk. Elon Musk has definitely got internet companies. He's made a great deal of his fortune from those internet companies. He's done very well for himself. He clearly has restored in, in many meaningful ways, free speech, the, the town commons, as it were to the internet in the form of buying Twitter and then opening up x to robust, open, free and fair debate that's happening all over the place now, thanks to Elon's efforts. And So I'm very grateful for that. Elon also has actual internet companies. He delivers internet via starlink. That's for sure he can do that.


But does he own the internet? No, he doesn't. Who said, oh, jurors 10 10 said, I thought Al Gore owned the internet. No jurors, the, the fact check there is Al Gore invented the internet. Al we we get to all communicate with one another. Thanks to Al Gore's generosity. I, which is really funny, Pop's alive in the chat saying, I'm happy Rosie doesn't dictate history. Yeah, me too. Ja two says, Rosie fits right in over there. They love foreigners. Oh, do they? Is Ireland loves foreigners over there. Really funny. Yeah.


Al Gore invented the internet. D-D-R-R-S says Rosie is and always was.dot Do an idiot. Well, maybe that's why they had her on. Maybe that's why they wanted her on the show. It was for ratings. You know, what happens if we let a moron give us analysis? Well, let's see. So they had Rosie on, and so she said that Elon runs the internet. She also insisted, did you hear her say that he is Donald Trump's best friend? You hear that little riff. Is that true? Is that even approximating something that looks like the truth? I'm pretty sure they're, I had to guess. I don't think they're best friends. I I do think that President Trump is very grateful for his friendship and his alliance. But I think best friend may be strong for that relationship.


And then she said, oh, my favorite, she said that Kamala Harris was filling stadiums and that Donald Trump couldn't, Donald Trump couldn't fill stadium. She has that perfectly inverted, doesn't she? This is, this is kind of the textbook left wing projection where you project onto the other side, whatever weakness you have. So the weakness that the left has is they, they couldn't fill a stadium. They couldn't, they could barely get people to line up outside of an Apple store for iPhones. They can't, they, they can't get a crowd. They could, they, they, they would bring in donuts and, and 11 of the dozen would still be available at the end of the day because that's how disinterested people are and what Democrats have to offer.


No, Kamala Harris was not filling stadiums. The closest thing to filling a stadium came when they had, they faked that Beyonce was gonna sing. Do you remember this? How many times they did this on the campaign trail? They pretended one that she would sing at the Democrat National Convention. She didn't even appear at the Democrat National Convention. And then separately they held a, a rally where they insisted, oh yeah, Beyonce's gonna sing. Yeah. Oh, get ready, Beyonce's gonna be here. And so a massive crowd of people showed up for a Beyonce concert that's right in Houston. And she didn't sing. She got up on stage for like 30 seconds and she said a couple of words and she was like, yeah, vote for Kamala.


And then she walked off stage. You remember what happened after that? People walked out of the stadium. People were there to see Beyonce perform, and she did not perform. They left. Kamala wasn't even on stage yet as these people were heading out of the stadium. So no, Kamala was not filling stadiums. Kamala had enough trouble filling her head with thoughts. She wasn't filling stadiums. It's really spectacular of watching all of this. So you've got Rosie O'Donnell overseas saying that Kamala Harris, it's so, it's a mystery to her that Kamala would lose the election and that Donald Trump would win it. Also, you can hear at the very end of that clip, she said, we've gotta take a look at why that happened.


We gotta do a deep dive, baby. We've gotta go full blown tinfoil hat into this conspiracy and really dig up the truth here. How is it that Donald J. Trump was able to do this? Because as we all know, what probably really happened is that all of our institutions worked with Donald Trump to make him president of the United States again. Right? You know, the big media, they were, they weren't, they weren't really shy about their support for Trump, the big tech companies. They were really aggressively trying to convince people they needed to vote for Trump. Obviously, Trump controlled all of the election systems and all of the states across the country. So he was able to meddle with all of the votes.


You know, he was able to get guaranteed ballot access. It was lefties who were being arrested to prevent them from voting. They were being thrown in jail on any given day in order to, to, to not only get them off the street and to make, to stop them from voting, but also to demonize them, to scare other lefties from supporting them, just from supporting the left in the election. You remember all of that? Oh wait, it's literally the opposite of what happened. Literally the opposite of what happened in the 2024 election. So thankfully President Trump and you made it too big to rig, way too big to rig once again, the left. Getting it completely backwards here.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. The boys are putting up on screen right now for me. Oh, this is fun. So just a couple of days ago, March 22nd, so that would've been on, on Saturday, Bernie Sanders shared some footage of people out in a rally in Denver to see Bernie and a OC speak. That's a, that's a hot ticket to see Bluing, Bernie and Alexandria, Alexandria Oio Cortez showing up to speak and lots of people there. And apparently a couple of, of digital sleuths have figured out that a lot of the cell phone data at this rally is being aped from previous rallies.


In other words, the same cell phones are showing up by the tens of thousands, apparently at multiple rallies. This fellow Tony Sarga saying GPS, here we go again. There were 20,189 devices, still a large crowd, but not even close to the 30,000 quoted in Denver newspapers. Nor the 34,000 quoted by Bernie Sanders and a OC. 84% of the devices present had attended nine or more. Kamala Harris rallies Antifa, BLM riots or pro amass demonstrations. So the Democrats rent a mob, keeps appearing at all of these events in order to pretend like they have some sort of popularity. Remember, what did I tell you at the beginning of this program?


An NBC survey that just came out last week found that among enthusiastic supporters for Democrats, just 7% of respondents say they have a highly favorable view of that party. Just 7%. So, no, it's, it's a, it's a little, a little more difficult than that to whip up a, a crowd that actually wants to show up to see Democrats speak. And so of course it looks like they're paying for them. Bernie himself was on TV this weekend. This is cut four. Bernie Sanders was asked by Jonathan Carl, Hey, is there anything that Trump has done that you actually like? Take a look at Bernie's answer. Is there anything that you think Trump has done? Right? Yeah.


I mean, I think cracking down on Fentanyl, making sure our borders are stronger. Look, nobody thinks an illegal immigration is appropriate. Look, the border needs to be closed. Now, I should point out something to you. Bernie has flip flopped all over the place on this issue. If you, before he ran for president these last few cycles. He used to be anti illegal immigration. He said that open borders is a Koch Brothers conspiracy. That this is, this is the view of libertarians, that the borders should be wide open so we can import as much cheap labor as possible. And that has the effect of suppressing American wages.


You know, Bernie is a psychopath in so many ways, but on that issue, he was right for many years. Oh yeah, if you have completely open borders in a welfare state, that doesn't really work actually. It just drags everybody down in the process. And then when he started running for president and thought he had a chance of actually becoming president a couple times, he started insisting, oh, it's fine. Yeah, we have to give amnesty all these illegals. We gotta keep everybody here. He's undocumented immigrants. It was his position now with the benefit of his presidential runs, apparently being behind him, he's saying that it's good, it's good that, you know, Trump secured the border. It's good. That's a good thing. The fentanyl not coming across. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's him offering some basically cheap praise to President Trump because like, everybody's on the same side on that issue, except the most radical people in our country.


Everybody, every available survey shows that Americans are wildly against open borders and are very supportive of President Trump locking them down and ejecting dangerous, bad guys from the country getting mass deportations. People are for it majorities. So this is, that's a, you know, we've talked a lot through the years about how oh, the right loses all of these big debates that like, it seems like, oh, things keep on getting more left wing as time proceeds. And that, that definitely has been the case in many regards. This is an area where the right has clearly won. And there's a couple of 'em. I mean, whether it's keeping men outta women's sports, whether it's the importance of police to communities, whether it's the importance of getting American energy up and running, bringing about peace and not starting more wars.


The right has won a bunch of battles. And you can thank President Trump for his role in so much of that on this issue on the border. Tom Holman was on television this weekend and he was talking about how much they've been able to secure the border. Illegal entries are down dramatically. Take a listen to Tom Holman, As you just mentioned. The numbers are way down. I mean, they are dramatically down. They are down. We're, you know, illegal entries down 96%. What's most impressive is known God aways, known God aways under Joe Biden. You know, we're on average 1800 people a day across the border, weren't apprehended, weren't processed, weren't vetted.


We don't know who they are, where they came from. That's a huge national security issue. Known God aways are down to, you know, double digits now. But you know, we're not gonna be satisfied to that known God aways down to zero. We're not gonna be satisfied until it's down to zero known God always. If we see you, we're catching you. That's what Tom Holman says, and we're deporting you. And then the fact that illegal entries are down 96%, that is unbelievable how good that is. And normally, of course, like, you know, you like just, it happens all across media. Like the kind of the worst things that are going on tend to be the biggest things in the news.


But that's a great story. That's an amazing story. In fact, that's a story that should probably be the number one item in like every newspaper in the country. 96% drop in illegal entries. And as the president said recently and his joint address to Congress, this didn't require another law. All it required was a change in presidents. Here's Tom Holman once again this weekend saying, we're just using the laws we have available. They were given due process as according to the laws on the books. See, that's the difference between the Trump administration and the Biden administration. We're actually using the laws on the books to enforce immigration law and secure the board at the highest level it's ever been.


The Biden administration not only ignore the law, ignore the law, they violated law like district, district court and, and District five said that not only they violating law, they're actually ignoring the law altogether. We're using the laws on the books. We're not making this up. Everything we've done is based on a statute that was enacted by Congress and signed by a president. Their president's quickly by proclamation invoke the authorities he has under an alien enemies act, which he's allowed to do. You know, to dwell on this point for a moment, remember what happened last year. It was early in 2024 that Democrats working with James Langford in the Senate, James, like very stupid, stupid move on his part to join in this, in on this.


And this was a Mitch McConnell operation. They got together and they came up with a bill that would offer wide categories of amnesty to illegal aliens that would distribute more work permits in the United States that would accelerate the foreign nationals who were coming across our border. They would basically recategorize people to prevent them from being considered illegal, but to keep the mass inflow going of those very same foreign nationals into the United States. It was a scam. It was an amnesty, a total scam. And so Republicans were right to object to that, that that law wasn't gonna help secure the border at all. In fact, the Border Patrol Union, which I love, the Border Patrol Union, has been great on so many issues.


They got that one wrong because they came out and they supported the bill in its initial stages. And I would later talk to the guys who represented the Border Patrol Union. I says, really, you support this bill the way it's written? And they, they came back, they kind of walked that back too. And they said, actually, we supported the general framework of the bill, but we wanted all sorts of amendments to be made. Ah, so they didn't support the bill as written. They wanted a change to it. They didn't want amnesty, they didn't want to continue to be a, a, a travel agency for illegal immigration. They were done with that. So that bill came forward and then the left spent all year last year telling you that the only reason the border isn't secure is because Donald Trump picked up the phone, killed that Senate bill, and he just did it in order to advance his own cruel political agenda.


He wa he wanted the border to stay open because he wanted the problem. That way he could be elected and then he could come in and solve it. He didn't want Biden to get credit for solving it. Well, by now, you should obviously know that was all horse crap. Every element of that. There was never any evidence that President Trump was literally insisting, keep the border open so that I can win the presidency. Never once he never said those words. Donald Trump wouldn't say those words. Also, we didn't need new laws, we just needed a president who would actually enforce the laws. We have to bring in a team who actually cared about that issue to close the border rather than to use this, use it to accelerate the country into further chaos.


And one more group of people here that I really wanna address, the American news media, the the idiots who sat on cameras and kept repeating, regurgitating the same line outta the White House every day, that, oh, well we could secure this. Were it not for Trump killing that border bill the border would be secured, were it not for Trump's interference? They sat there on that team, on, on those television screens and kept insisting to their audiences that the only reason the border is open, which by the way, the reason they're talking like this is because literally everyone agrees that the border shouldn't be open except for the demons that were keeping it open.


They just sat there and insisted, we need legislation. It's the only way to fix it. It was a scam. It was a total scam from beginning to end. And every single one of those people should be just straight up ejected from polite society. They should leave, they should leave. They lied to you, which is of course their habit. But this is just another theatrical example of that. They lied to you. So, I mean, I don't know if the Media Research Center, I'm sure have gone through this too, through the years. They, they, they're such, they're so great. The Media research center, taking these epic clips of all of these people in the press, they should have to be on their hands and knees begging you for forgiveness for what they did.


Because they just lied. They just lied. And, and, and, and meanwhile, the border is now so much more secure. And thank goodness. I wanna close with a quick look at the FBI 'cause you and I are still waiting for so much information. We want the, we want the Epstein files. How about that? How about the Epstein tapes? Who's on those tapes? Who's in those who's in that blackmail footage, I'd like to see that. Listen to Cash Patel. This is cut eight. Do his first interview this weekend with former Congressman Trey Gowdy. Here's the FBI director. Alright, director. It's only been a month, but it's been a busy month and, and, and I think part of your success is the good relationship you have with your colleagues, whether it be John Radcliffe, whether it be Mike Wal, I mean it, it is a, it is a really good national security team.


But update us on some things, some highlights of your first month that maybe we missed. I really appreciate this. This shows what the men and women of the FB I can do when they have leadership who are in lockstep with the National Security Mission of safeguarding our citizens. Just in the last three weeks, Trey, the FBI has arrested and brought to justice thanks to the Department of Justice and Pam Bondi three top 10 of the FBI's Most Wanted, lemme just say that again. Not one, not two, but three of the FBI's Most Wanted top 10 are now in custody because of our relationships with folks like Director Ratcliffe and Secretary Seth and Rubio and the list goes on.


But we've also returned to Justice in just one short week's time. One of the architects of the Abbey Gate explosion that killed 13 of our service members. We did that in one week flying through multiple countries and going into Pakistan and utilizing our liaison relationships and the leverage that we have thanks to great guys like Johnny Radcliffe and getting a modicum of justice to the American people. And just to put that in perspective, those folks have been on the run for four years and in the last 12 months before I got into this seat trade, do you know how many Top 10 FBIs most wanted were arrested by the FBI zero? That's the difference. Yeah. Four weeks in, We got three and we're just warming up Three off the top 10 list.


Just like that. And of course I know you and I are both wondering about the role that FBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino is playing in all of these great outcomes. Lemme, I wanna go right to cut 10 here. This is Cash Patel talking about the task that's ahead of them, not only for the FBI director, but the Deputy director Bonino as they go after abusive and corrupt FBI officials in their ranks. Look at this. I want the American public to know too, we've had problems at the FBI. We are going to hold ourselves internally accountable for those meeting out justice who have the privilege to serve and wear, wear the gun in the badge or the uniform of the FBI out in the field where those missteps have been taken. We've already addressed that by eliminating those people from the roles of the FBI and we will continue to vigorously uphold on a 24 7 365 basis as vigorous we pursue violent crime.


Those that abuse or corrupt or violate their oath of office at the FBI and I will not stand for, I will have zero tolerance for those that we will utilize our badge to harm our country. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And then so not only are they, they're getting rid of them. You heard Cash Patel talk about that, but as I told you, Friday, a longtime FBI agent was just charged with unlawfully taking and disclosing protected FBI files. Jonathan Booma, who specialized in National Security and Terror Cases, has been released on a hundred thousand dollars bond. He's a guy who previously accused President Trump's campaign as specifically Rudy Giuliani of colluding with the Russians, who's an anti-Trump guy within the FBI.


He's now been charged for being a leaker at the FBI. So they're not only firing people, they're also prosecuting people, which if I remember correctly, this is what I voted for. This is what you voted for. More news on that coming in the days and weeks ahead. I can't wait to see what they do there. In the meantime, thanks for tuning into another episode of VINCE coming up next live here on Rumble The Great Stephen Crowder. Stay with us.